I just had a look on google map - it's an extra 30 miles, but it would probably be a lot less stressful and quite possibly take less time, depending on time of day
Why have you differentiated between the 'premier league' and its previous name 'first division' of the English league? Are they not the same for the purpose of this kind of statistic?
There's no need to worry, you will gradually get the things you need, as and when you need them ... for an unexpected night time power cut, it's always useful to have a torch and batteries and candles and matches available ... and basic tools like screwdriver and pliers, and a step ladder, and a bucket
These types of awards are not simply to decide the most courageous person - it's not even possible to quantify such an abstract and subjective concept - but these awards are an expression of social approval, and therefore very often used as part of a wider agenda, to promote a social movement. For example, if they wanted to promote the acceptance of homosexuality in a society where it was largely disapproved of, they might choose to award a person for being openly homosexual.  So here they are making a social statement in support of the political movement which is demanding certain rights for transgender people, and they have found a suitably well known transgender person to bestow the award upon. I would be surprised if they gave the award to a biologically female athlete who is taking a stand against biologically male people being allowed to compete in 'women's' events, and this is how they will show which side they are on and promote their political agenda.  So whether or not you think he ''deserves'' the award for actual ''courage'', it might change your view if you think of the award in terms of social approval and the promotion of a political agenda.
The way you worded it does very much make it look like you mean ''better than that'' as in ''better than those who are racist'' rather than ''racist but not as badly racist as some others''
You only quoted the first part of the mod post, so that you could misrepresent the mod's opinion and make it look bad
So I ask you a very simple and very basic question, and you claim there is an answer but I would have to pay to read it ... that's not the way to change society
A ''moron'' is a person with a considerably lower learning ability than the average - a person with a mental disability - so if you consider that there are people with university degrees who have expressed concerns about the genetic modification of foods - in what way are they ''morons''?  You are just name calling people when you don't agree with them.
But if you make up your own definition of ''moron'' then the view cannot be changed by facts and sound reasoning, because it becomes a circular definition, thus: ''Anyone who doesn't agree with me is a moron, therefore all of these people with different beliefs are morons''.
It depends on so many factors, it would be impossible to know in advance ... that's like asking how would you react if one of your family went to live in another country
And what is ''a female neurological body map''? when you get right down to analysing it, you find it has no basis in observable physical reality ... and if you define a person's gender by what hormones they ''prefer'', what about people who are not producing or ingesting hormones? Are they not male or female?
I prefer honest aggression to passive aggression
The distances between clubs would be too far ... it's already a bit too much of a trek when Sunderland play Southampton, for example
No, that's just as bad
That was a gloriously hilarious bit of projection, maybe you can seek me out in another few years and we will see if you have got it yet :)
I haven't watched more than a few seconds of women's football, it hasn't grabbed my attention ... is it my imagination, or do you think a disproportionately large percentage of female footballers have long hair?
I could spend all day listing the potential disasters which would result from this, and obviously you don't care about what happens to *other people*, but here's one which might affect you personally, which might make you think twice: it is becoming an increasing problem that, due to the widespread prescribing of antibiotics, there are infections which are becoming resistant to the antibiotics which are available ... if people are able to buy antibiotics whenever they like, there will be millions who use them when they don't really need them, due to ignorance, and the problem will become much worse, and one day *you* might suffer a horrible infection which is resistant to antibiotics.
I don't think education would solve the problem, but I suppose that is now a matter of speculation since I can't prove it.
But isn't that exactly what they are advocating, that anyone can use any rest room?
But have you seen anyone advocating that there should be segregation of rest rooms into male and female gender identity rather than non-segregation?
Yes, I agree - quite apart from the football team colours, the blue  just looks better in its own right
OK so it's the actual breastfeeding ... so if you watch a documentary about an African tribe where everyone is naked above the waist at all times, can you explain why you feel that the women should not be breastfeeding their babies in public?
It's ok, there's a lot of evidence to suggest that he isn't really a Man Utd fan, he's just playing a character, and doesn't believe anything he says
Do you really not understand how people will be offended by being subjected to such a humiliating and degrading judgement?
First of all, it's very rude to accuse me of downvoting your post and then to edit that out of your post when I ask you why you accused me, without an apology or an explanation.  Secondly, to address the topic: I'm asking if any kind of soccer-football can be said to be ''huge'' in the USA, when you compare those viewing figures to over 100 million viewers of the Super Bowl ... I would say the Super Bowl is ''huge'' in the USA.
You are spreading misinformation - this story of the BSTc region of the brain is pseudo-science, based on a misinterpretation of the summary of a tiny study ... you cannot tell a person's gender identity by measuring the BSTc, and if you look at the table of individual results, you will see that some of the trans women were more ''male'' than some of the men if you use that as your measure.  The only people who believe your ''trans science 101'' are people who don't understand how real science works and/or people who don't bother investigating the real science behind your claims.
That is circular reasoning, as well as being incredibly rude, and my above comment applies to you too, and anyone else who uses obscene name calling instead of sound reasoning  \*EDIT: and downvotes don't make me agree with any of you either ... if all you've got is obscenities and downvotes, it doesn't look good for whatever views you are promoting
Only if you think ''disagreeing with extremists'' is ''shitting on'' anyone ... and even if it's not a formal debate, I still won't change my view if someone presents their view in a form which does not withstand reasonable questioning
My sources are pretty much the same as your sources - we have probably both seen the same studies - but you have misunderstood the summaries, while I have examined the tables of individual results, when they are available, and also taken into consideration that most of the brain structures which were measured were typical of the transgender person's biological sex.  Every study supports what I said: there has been no brain structure found which correlates with gender identity. A brain expert cannot look at a brain and tell what gender the person would identify as.
If that is your only claim, then it is not incompatible with what I am claiming, we can both be right - but then what is your point?
I don't know if that is totally accurate though - I have heard that there are families with both Liverpool and Everton fans who go to the local derby matches and sit together and enjoy friendly rivalry ... people are getting upvoted there for saying you have to hate your rivals to be a proper supporter, but I don't agree
No - I can admire players from all different teams, but it doesn't make me support that team
Not really, the principle is the same - friendly rivalry and being happy for your rivals
I wouldn't say that little exchange counts as ''drama'' ... they both made valid points, and got a bit hostile, and that was the end of it
I really liked Palace's away kit last season, the yellow and light blue, but this one is also good, very smart :)
There is no line of reasoning which logically goes from same sex marriage to polygamy, as long as marriage is defined as the union of two people ... I think the next logical step would be to legalise sibling marriage, because there is no longer any argument left against it if marriage is 'the union of two consenting adults'.
If I want to wear anything which is rainbow coloured or has a rainbow on it, and if anyone assumes anything about my political views because of it, then I consider that to be *their* error, not mine. The LGBT political movement can only own the rainbow if you allow them to.
So if you believe that you can do whatever you like with no negative consequences, why would you bother to ever follow any of the religious practices?
It's not really an erroneous generalisation when I said ''usually'' which allows for those who are older, and then you go on to actually agree with me that redditors are very often in their 20's ... but fair enough, I've edited my comment because technically, yes, they were alive while Labour was in government, although I still maintain that they don't remember why it's not good to allow Labour control of government
Is that their new kit? That red is gorgeous :)
People - millions and millions of people everywhere - crowded roads, crowded trains, crowded shops, crowded everything - and pollution, and noise, and crime, and lack of trees
How about simply whoever is most improved from last season, based on each person's final points score minus their last season's final points score
I haven't encountered a huge crowd of Spurs supporters, no, but I can imagine that a club of that size would attract some troublemakers, just like the other big clubs like Chelsea and Arsenal - and West Ham itself also has a long history of attracting troublemakers - that's why I ask, why Spurs in particular?
perhaps even hiding it from yourself
I can't believe that is true of *any* club
Once again I agree with you - it's a tiny minority - I suppose I don't like to see people encouraging others to hate total strangers and adding fuel to a fire which hurts innocent people - tribalism isn't fun when people start getting hurt
I think it's the word ''State'' which they apply the ''so-called'' to, not the ''Islamic'' part, to denote that it's not recognised as an official state
The title was rather misleading - when one says ''The first [whatever] person in the Premier League'' it kind of implies they are talking about players ... I clicked the article, intrigued to know what player they were talking about.  ''Oh look, it says here *Premier League's First Dwarf*''  ''Wow, what position does he play?''  ''Oh, he sells pies at half time''
Very misleading title: he was not in court for performing the song, he was in court for ''unlawfully going on to an area where football spectators are not allowed''
If a person is born with normal testes, they are biologically male
