I don't think they'll have a Ara Nexus next year, but I can definitely see something limited like Google Glasses and the associated Explorer program.
Still better than schools in the US denying evolution....
This is a ridiculous statement. You really expect your average kid to build an app that can do the same things say Snapchat/Twitter/Facebook/whatever popular games are??? DO YOU write your own apps or programs? If so, what apps/programs?
100% agree. It *screams* "SC fan" but does so quite subtly.
The website still needs a lot of work though.
How much are you willing to spend? And how often do you print?
&gt;"I hope WG does away with 3-4 cap circle matches as, IMO, they're too difficult to get a pub team to cooperate with"  I disagree. 3 caps with some map changes can work well especially as people start to learn the basics of the maps. Yes, they'll be terrible people, but that's just the nature of multiplayer games.
It'll become the standard in the next 2 years or so. ASUS already has a phone that'll have a Type C connector.
If people want memes, fine, but they should be tagged just like the leaked stuff so I can use [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com/) to filter that shit out.
Really? Are you going by that unsourced post that random blog made and everyone else reblogged?
&gt; I know quite a few companies still run XP  That's just a recipe for disaster...
Dude, just look at the performance. It does worse than a $200-250ish phone.
Hopefully, Google isn't crazy... but with Google, you may never know.
&gt;  mine has developed ever expanding cracks in the window.   The cracks are more than likely because you over tightened the fittings.
&gt;No amount of "polishing" is going to fix the complaining.   Amen to that. Even with the PU being released and years afterwards people are going to continue posting [CONCERN] threads.
It maybe the point of view, but the 2nd image makes it look huge.
Nice. You're the kind of ignorant person companies love to pray on.
Look up the "The Batteriser" that made the rounds a few days ago. The 8x life gain is complete bullshit. [Watch this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iEshd6izgk) if you'd like to see the problems with it broken down point by point.
Hah definitely not cheap ($350ish I think) but cheaper than 5 years ago!
&gt;Are you suggesting that potential new backers wait to see if they can get one of those again this anniversary? assuming CIG even does it?  Absolutely, especially if they are short on cash, willing to wait, and/or unsure about backing yet at higher prices.
Man, you're probably going to hate the head bobbing and such that'll happen when sprinting/under gforce.
Imo, Google is likely to stick to the "flat" design going forward, at least for the next 3ish years or so I think. Google seems to be in the process of changing the web versions of their services to follow Polymer (ie.https://contacts.google.com/u/0/preview/all) which more or less directly borrows from Material Design. Google didn't do this for HOLO and previous designs so to me it seems like Google as a company is heading towards the MD/Polymer design language. It does make sense when you consider that by doing this, Google will be able to standardize design across PC and mobile for their services/applications and MD/Polymer seems to be flexible enough to look nice for both platforms.
Yep. Really glad to see a studio pretty much dedicated to engine development because how well the engine will perform will determine if we'll be able to have many dozens of ships in a battle.
&gt; But for the general public, I suspect it has more to do with the camera quality (besides the lack of marketing).  Eh, the general news media did cover the overheating thing so I'd expect this along with camera influenced decisions. Not to mention the overwhelmingly positive press the S6 got as well as the Samsung marketing machine being very, very, very good at what they do.
Nice. Good luck! Hope you break 4Ghz on the Xeon.
Yeah but if you were having a shitty marriage they would found out and you probably wouldn't have made the cut anyway.
You can't do any of that if you don't learn to fly well first. At least try Vanduul Swarm.
&gt; If they made thrusters much weaker for the smaller ships, once the larger ships are released, their turn speed would be abysmal. And by the time you're flying the capital ships, the experience would be horrible.  You are correct, however, I think this is EXACTLY what some people want for the larger esp. capital ships. They want the ships to feel like a WW2 ship battle where ships slug it out like at Midway, Jutland, Leyte, etc. Personally, I don't want this, but I also don't want large capital ships to be able to maneuver like a 300i/Hornet.
I don't think they'll reach S6/G4 levels, but even if they get close enough, it's already too late for the M9 as old reviews are unlikely to be updated to reflect the changes, so your average person won't know about it and won't get the M9.
Yup. I totally get that, but some people actually seems to be fine with this.
How can you be so sure? It could be Android Wear based.
Ah, gotcha. Still though, I'm hoping it's not and they go with Android Wear with their own Samsung flavor on top.
I don't get why they don't use the light sensor to check if it's in a pocket or not. Light sensor says dark + accelerometer gives readings -&gt; most likely in a pocket/backpack/handbag.
Well, Microsoft seems to be going in a new and better direction, so... Microsoft buys off HTC and they become the next Nokia?
UltraPixel as a concept was a good idea, but HTCs image processing was pretty bad just like with the M9.
Ironic how he said those things yet gave a "personal recommendation" for Pao becoming the new interim (likely permanent) CEO.
Ah, gotcha. That sounds like a pretty good deal.
This sub along with others like /r/conspiracy will be in the chopping block in the coming months/years. Only a matter of time.
But the point he was making was 50 battles really isn't that many games at all...
&gt; The hope is that it will change as we get closer to release.  I don't think it will unfortunately. I think at most around 10% female.   edit: Just saw your poll results, looks like majority of the replies are from this sub, so it would have sample bias as reddit itself is mainly a male population. Still though, I don't expect more than 10% actual female population.
Type 59s were pretty OP in WoT man!
I can just imagine the mental gymnastics OP is going through to try and counter these points.
Health at every size.
It will completely depend on developer support. From what I've seen more developers have been working with the Rift.
If a male CEO did the same thing, he'd be a asshole/dick/bastard/whatever too. I never said otherwise.
I thought reddit has said they don't do IP bans before...
Throwing more money at a project does not make it go faster despite having extra money. What CIG needs is a [Time Turner](http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Time-Turner).
&gt; how it's going to interact with other ships and how that role has changed as the game has developed.   You are not going to get the answer to that until the Professions (miner, salvager, bounty hunter, etc) and their mechanics are ironed out. Some of these design posts should be up in the coming weeks as per the monthly report and Ben on INN.   Also, the "role ship X has" is already covered by the flavor text, brochures, lore, etc. What more do you want? Do you really want her to just repeat that same stuff and add a few tidbits? For example, for the Hornet we know it's the defacto carrier based ship for the UEE and has been in the front lines against the Vanduul. It's role is a fighter.  edit:   &gt;I've seen enough about HUDs, style guides, and lore.  I very, very, very strongly disagree with this. I haven't seen enough technical details on HUD design/tech other than what Zain has said, I want to see his current progress. Further more, the style guides really give you a good idea of the universe especially the look and feel CIG is going for. There's a lot of other technical things (ie. data compression for multicrew ships) I'd like to see before the whole ship role/profession thing.   &gt;I was hoping there would be some Q&amp;A so we had a ship-specific version of the Forum Feedback from WMH.  You and I both know this is just going to bring up the same old questions over and over again and it's going to end up being like 10FTC questions.
Yessssssss! Still my biggest complain as far as performance goes.
Good luck with that. The main reason they managed to get them was because Crytek wasn't doing well financially.
