You glorious bastard
I love the idea. Maybe 6-8% less damage each time? (IE, Skarmy could still hard-counter it)
Think he's worth 2 years 9 mil?
I mean, 28 TDS to 2 INTs is almost as sexy
My list adds Denver but yeah. Some teams are as good as we are, and a loss does not a season make.
I think it was when she was declared stable
I think we may need some kind of... wall... to keep that ice royalty out... wait a sec isn't this on the holonets?
So... you OK?
Am now officially convinced you're the crazy dude from that one Poe story
The 'depressed birthday existential crisis' phase.
Sexy as hell (yeah right) Babes knocking on the door (they aren't)
Probably, but those were the movies I saw for the first time in 2016
Oh god no
Wider range and higher damage, but they are similar
The spirit of the rule
Don't be ridiculous. It's only 36 between all of them
Dumbass? Some of it is hard to make out. /S
g10.50 I think
Maybe literally!
Kneel before the True King, God-Emperor Belichick. Hear his name and tremble!
With this many broken promises, maybe he'll break his promise to be president? I mean, this is what he ran on. A 40-foot tall concrete wall through swamps and rivers.
That is simply not true. I bet he cares about his children and maybe his wife. So, 5. 5 of the American people.
Idk man looks good to me
I'd change the matchmaking so you only play people within 100 trophies (50 on each side), and 1000 exp (stopping most 9v10s, and all 9v11s).
Falcons, Cows, Hawks, Pack. In that order.
Bold Prediction- the Patriots cover the spread late
Rodgers is probably top 15 but I doubt he's even 10 at this point
Well at least you're honest
This is a good idea, but 'weight' should be considered. I'd blacklist- Golem Royal/Giant/Skeleton PEKKA Bowler
I'm pretty sure the Cop could outlast Arnie, but the real question is if the T-1000 could. You'd think so, right?  I suppose I should also shamelessly plug  r/whowouldwin as well
Maybe that's why I don't like him
Zap or Log, actually. Thanks for your opinion!
The Dark God Belichick's power was too great for even Jesus himself
How big was it? I'm no artist, but unless it's a foot long, 6 hours seems like a lot.
King On King would be awesome
It's user error. If you twist them so much as a tenth of an inch off, it doesn't register. Sometimes you just have to do it a few times.
I still think it should be ~750 on a 3 second charge for 5
Like... play Xbox games on my phone? I'd never STOP playing.
I'm be honest- I thought this was going to be a little more Belichick-centric. How he defined success in a league where it's increasingly hard to do so. I liked where you took it, though.
And Belichick's son is a DBs coach. And Brady has an 8-yo boy. I say the dynasty shall rule forever.
The best kind of cock ring
Do a threeway  Steal some Brady juice  Clone him  Make more Bradys
How about 4 rings  We have those
Sea Monster transformation Bacteria Control Sword Arm The ability to make lifeless places liveable?  I think Dream Me pulls it off, but it's close
Revan wins R1, but loses 2 and 3
Whoever wins wins by 20 because none of the 2016 games have been particularly close
Chiefs, obviously. Steelers have a 10% chance of lighting us up, but the Chiefs don't have that explosive tendency.
Yes they should pay him a lot of money  Give him the whole salary cap
Yeah but when was the last time when an evil team didn't at least make the championships?  2015 was pretty subpar though
Hey that's insulting to all 8th graders
