Just gotta pile on that you guys are pretty awesome.
A little over the top, mate. Might be why you're looking for friends.
Tell that to r/politics which is really just r/berniesanders and anything that dissents from that is down voted.
Geez dude, you went 0 to 100 real quick. I was kind of curious what your list was too.
Don't use toothpaste man.
Use fairy lights.
Warm water. 15 - 20 minutes is all you really need. Don't overthink it dude.
Man, you have some good points and I agree it sucks to be falsely banned and have to sit around waiting for a response/action. But your analogy is still a false equivalency.
I would not consider him one of us.
I can't believe you received gold for not reading the article.
Yeah. I wanted to respond, but then rationalized it would probably fall on deaf ears.
Why does the conversation always go from gun control to BAN EVERYTHING. Guns can exist with gun reform.
You aren't interested in discussion, just downvoting and telling people to shut up. It's not worth my time to continue this.
Catalyst at the expense of people who would be very fucked over by Trump. He may not be able to pass shit through Congress, but there's still a lot of real damage he can do. Our justices are getting old.
Bernie is truly inspiring.
Individuals don't make up the many?
I'm not suggesting everyone, I'm suggesting enough. If enough people vote for Jill Stein over Clinton, Trump could have the numbers to win. If enough people thought the way you do, Jill Stein could be elected as well. But we both know the numbers don't fall that way given our bipartisanship.
Word of advice, take photos on your cell every so often, so you can go back and look. It's hard to tell when you see your teeth every day.
Crest whitening strips or get it done in a session at your dentist office.
Good guy OP.
Great insight.
Ideally TV's should be placed at eye level. Ones that are too high put strain on your neck, much like sitting in the front row of a movie theater. Fireplaces come in all shapes and sizes, but I'd wager a bet that most TV's placed above them are too high. While room focal points do dictate television placement, it shouldn't be the only factor.
Yeah this is simply not true. It was a very polarizing finale that still sparks discussion.
He's an asshole, but if you're implying he should be rasped or made someone's bitch, that's pretty shitty too.
When they are funny, absolutely.
You're not using that word correctly.
Most people taking a few weeks off during the summer are going to travel and relax, not sit in their homes playing video games. I can do that after work.
I'd place a console table or bookshelf underneath the art. Otherwise the wall eats the art and it looks like it was hung haphazardly. The rug weirdly floats in the room with no anchor to either the couch or a coffee table. Even if you don't use a coffee table, you need one to help delineate the space. Rug is too small for the sectional couch, get an 8' x 10' rug. Oblig TV is too tall, cable management, and I'd prefer to see an actual TV stand.
I'm going to agree. I think the red stripes are perfectly fine. The blue diagonal stripes might be a bit too much and is probably the reason people here are cringing. That said, it looks fine to me and I think the sub is overreacting hard. Also props to you for taking the overly harsh criticism so well and not getting defensive about it in the slightest.
Center it on the wall and get it out of the corner.
I feel like I'm in Minority Report or a George Orwell novel.
This sub latches onto the weirdest of things.
Get a bidet. Flushable wipes are a no no.
What do gold medals mean if your team isn't winning the objective though? There may be another character that might be more useful in capturing the objective for the win.
The rug is too small. Your coffee table is too big and too close to the couch. Get a rug that your entire couch sits on and extends into the room. It will help set the boundary for your entertainment space.
Nothing bad to say about it, besides everything else to follow in my comment.
Rug is too small. Everything looks crammed in the corner. You could get away with keeping the couch i you added some accent pillows and throws. Everything is big and blocky, and rectangular. Try a round coffee table in the space and get rid of the 7 dollar Ikea Lack table.
There is definitely such a thing as trash damage. Gold damage without gold eliminations just means you're feeding the enemies heal ults and giving them the upper hand when the team fight breaks out.
So we agree then, trash damage is damage that isn't capitalized on.
Put a rug down. Rugs tie spaces together. They help define areas. They're comfortable to lounge on. They breakup the monotony of floor patterns make the areas you don't cover look even better. With those couches, you'll want to go with something simple and clean.
I love that tick tick sound when you snipe someone. So satisfying.
Start a free book library outside of your apartment. Take a book, return a book, etc.
Don't mount the TV above the fireplace, for starters.
Plat Anas heal Pharahs? News to me.
Ana shouldn't be taking out Pharah by herself, by the time you've got your second shot off, that Pharah is likely focusing you and then it's over. There's no competition when you're out of scope and a Pharah is focusing you down.
After that first tick tick tick tick, any decent Pharah is focusing the Ana. The first two people I go after in any team fight is Soldier and then Ana. 2 shots versus 3. Ana's job is not solo killing Pharahs, she can definitely help a Soldier to finish her off though.
The idea of Sombra harassing a Pharah is laughable. If Pharah is anywhere close enough to a Sombra to be hacked, they're a terrible Pharah.
If an Ana gets a shot off on me, I'm focusing her first for the rest of the game.
Pharmercy is more common than Ana's who look up and remember there's a Pharah on the team.
Okay man, there's no need for dodge excuses.
