The cops clearly know they're there and ignore them. So your point doesn't make much sense. Why weren't the adults arrested/detained then? Because the cops knew they weren't a threat and reacted accordingly.
He still kinda has a point, he doesn't owe you your play style or your kill mails.
Not really.
Winner.
Are you? Obvious satire is obvious. Jesus kid.
Sounds like a kid. Writes like a kid. Tastes like a kid.  Probably a kid, kid.
Well, the instant you replied you downvoted. So you were upset. You can try and play it off now, sure. But we both know the truth.
That one doesn't seem too bad, but some of the killmails I saw were literally all in the same minute. So yea, ban hammer.
I've never heard of appeals using jury, it's always just been judges.
In the reply from the OP with the conclusion, he's asking if anyone knows any no win/ no fee lawyers for a lawsuit. For a professional victim, wouldn't he already have these contacts on hand?
Spotted the corporate shill.
If they weren't nerfing dread dps vs subcaps I'd say that was a terrible idea. As it stands, it's only awful.
Dutch communities in EVE are about as much terror as the Dutch are in real life. :)
Probably not. Gilas have great alpha and everyone underestimates them. 0 m/s would've given a penetrating or wrecking shot.
Only times I used them was in legions and...oh....my god....you're right.
Well that's rich.
Come on, really? Illegal immigrants?
He's about half on point, and you know exactly the point he's trying to make. Instead of addressing it, you're taking advantage of his lapse and acting like you have no clue what he's trying to say.  You're both ass-hats, unfortunately.
Yea publicly. You think they don't get chewed out for causing their department grief in private?
To be fair RA would have less members if they actually logged in.
Dickstar hardened pos...ain't noone wanting to fuck with that.
I'm scratching my head where you got it from that I was confused about that.
What a wierd fucking comment to make though.
That's the problem, there IS no value competing for drivers. You have to force them, like in this lawsuit.
Wow exhale is still alive? Glad to see it.
Ah, the originals.
People rage if they de-aggress, people taunt if they don't and die.  It's a never ending cycle of stupidity.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link  Domis &gt; Snakes. Lol.
Uhh idk what to tell you, try using my fit? 4 should work wonderfully. Asign drones to one main and have him use a tp?
If you have trouble, feel free to drop a DDA for more tank. IDK what would be best, a DCII, another enam, or a kinetic/therm hardener.  Honestly feel free to faction these as much as you want, imp navy enams, a-type layering membranes, true sansha hardener, all aren't that expensive. But the point here is that it's super cheap.  If you only have 2, then you can't run the other sites very easily.
You too, can enjoy potato.  While flying potatoes *holy shit it just hit me*
You are correct.
A discount still would've charged more. The point of a discount is to get you to spend more, not exactly the same while the proprietor gives out more stuff.
Probably was none around.
Get outta here with that crazy Canadian talk.
No one wants to be a defense lawyer for an obviously guilty man.
Saves you on the second wave actually. You dont have to believe me, but youd die often without it. Especially if you do the other sites.
Not everyones alts are always perfect domi pilots, and the whole point of this is low stress, dont worry about parking alts on holes, etc. So no, your efficiency is still the same. Also small groups just ninja salvage while they roll the hole, so times not wasted. Kthx.
Im sorry man, you need to look at the distances involved on these sites. This isnt a Haven in null, lol. Im sniping the third wave at 100 and finishing at 70km, then you immediately scoop and go. Even if it did help, I often run in a gang so that would definitely slow you down.
You're completely wrong about the detention part, btw. I suggest further research besides your "gut feeling".
That is an attitude that does exist, however that is not what's happening here. What's happening here is a cover up, plain and simple. The man wants to insure accuracy of test scores and methodologies, and has offered to meet with in person many times the school district etc to sort out any privacy issues, they have refused many times (even after legal judgements) to grant these information requests. They're covering their ass because they did something wrong, probably fudged test scores to get government funding.
Expecting service at slave wages is ridiculous.
Im mad? Or someone else is mad? Im glad he lost his super, btw lol. Hes a dick.
He has a better sense of humor, definitely. And he has a huge cock, too.
Idk, all you'll see is people equipping these instead of tank. The purpose of fitting is to provide meaningful choices, so having them separate is still a good idea imo.
Even in SF, which is "the holy grail", DO NOT QUIT YOUR JOB. Supplement.
CALL YOUR JOB BACK. PLEASE. DO NOT DO THIS TO YOURSELF.
Keep sending the same question, link your previous ticket number every time. You won't get an answer, but you'll piss them off more.
I want to downvote you but it's too funny.
Isn't that worse? I mean hey you got frags but come on man...
