After Bungie spent basically 7 months doing nothing in crucible but randomly cycling IBs I think it's ok for PvP to get a little bit of a focus for once.  Plus, it's a Bungie game.  If you didn't think PvP would be pertinent that's a pretty big consumer error.
Wait, so there's a PvE mode where you can do incredibly well and then get absolutely jack shit?  And now PvP might actually reward you for completing a round as opposed to just showing up?  I just want to make sure I understand that you are pissed off because you actually have to experience what PvP players got shafted with since Day 1.   Right now, PvE is getting to play just the tip with Bungie, but PvP players have had it jammed up their anus's since the game dropped.  How about instead of complaining that they didn't add more to where 95% of the game is, we think about the fact that it's a positive they shored up the other 5%?  I know that's expecting a bit much, so feel free to return to that whine and cheese.
Given I didn't see this thread until after the edits, I can now only support this idea if they show up in said Winnebagos.  I do like the idea of the Bungie's flea market every now and then; maybe a bi/monthly type of deal.
Posts like this are exactly the kind of thing that someone trying to "act cool on social media" would vomit when they don't have anything to contribute.   Pissing on other people's cereal doesn't make you cool, it just makes you an asshole.
I think for most people who are used to Destiny PvP it is pretty obvious; but there's a lot of people like my old roommate who play respawn based objectives in other shooters and there your KD usually doesn't matter; only whether or not you did what the game types name is.
Notice it's not just for leaving once, it's for setting a pattern of repeatedly bailing on your games.  It's really not that severe of a "punishment" either.  You don't want work a little for your wins? Then you don't get to coast on by to the rewards or ruin other people trying to get matches in.    If you're going to puss out because it's too tough over and over again, you shouldn't even be wasting the server to get matched with.  That seems pretty fair.
I was worried that this would end up affecting people like Megaman, but it looks like they specifically mention that as A-OK.  Restrictions and bans that can't be overturned is good; it shows they feel a lot of confidence in the amount of recon they do.
"When everyone else is the problem, it's probably you"  Advice too many people don't seem to learn.  If only people would catch on that the faster you realize you suck, the faster you fail. And the faster you fail, the faster you learn what works.
Uh, does anyone actually reminisce about the loot cave that way?  It wasn't some super social even where we all made grand groups and hung out to play dominoes and such; it was boring as shit.  It was X number of guardians standing by a door and shooting a cave with some weapon.  You either shot or stood around, and then at certain points people would run up to the cave to get ammo and pick up engrams.  Keeping Skywatch populated thought, that was fun....if you had active people.  About half the time you'd end up in the world where everyone just sat down between runs.  But when it was on, it was awesome.  Tl;dr Wolves in Skywatch was fun, loot cave was as fun as fapping with rusty nails.
In a lot of ways, the game is still much the same as when you quit- the majority of the DLCs was just extra end game stuff you could do; story was basically non existent and the activities were made to basically be done after vanilla destiny.  My advice to you:  go back to vanilla destiny and play through the story; then play through some Vault of Glass and PvP.  If you would be happy "unlocking" another couple of cooperative events (mainly just Crota's End and Prison of Elders) and more PvP; then buy the DLCs.  On the flip side, if you're not sure there's enough for you to do then hold off on the purchase for now.  I bought the season pass and have been happy-ish with the DLCs.  I don't feel like I got a lot, but I've also got hundreds upon hundreds of hours in this game and there's not much more I can ask for than that.
Maybe I'm just off here, but it seems like idle games aren't exactly what should be on the list if you're looking for something exciting or not a bore.  There's also not a huge positive to the devs.  All such a UI would do is make it easier to not pay attention to the game, which means less dollars coming back in.  Maybe if it was a paid feature, it would make sense; but otherwise they've got to justify the real and opportunity costs of developing something that effectively promotes less attention to their product.
I wish you were an adult that could utilize correct punctuation and capitalization, but how should I phrase this?  "Stop complaining go back to school?"  If wishes were fishes we'd both be full.
"They have played less than you"  Seems like a pretty generic statement as opposed to some backhanded insult.  I know it's the internet, but not everyone is out to make fun of you.
Ignorance is bliss.
Ignorance is bliss.
The general recommendation seems to be to use them for salvaging artifacts.  The one item I bought with gems (the 200 gem sword) felt completely not worth it with the 2% damage boost it gave.
It never really bothered me until lately, but I'm starting to get more and more frustrated by the level system.    I'm somewhat ok with not being a deity when I roll around in the Cosmodrome.  I like that I don't insta-kill even the little guys, plus it at least keeps me awake when patrolling.  Plus, areas like Skywatch can still be challenging for me as a level 34 guardian while not effectively locking out a zone for the kinderguardians who are taking their first stroll to the array.  On the flip side, it's getting real goddamn annoying that my level is an ornamental piece of text above my name, while the computer's refers to how far it's going to jagged glass up inside my anus.
Maybe you do if you're bad at math?  That's the only justification I can think of.
I prefer Super Good Advice's bounty if only because I learned that machine guns hate rocket launchers.
It's because they are stuck in the mentality of "If I'm not busted with it, it's ok", which is a *great* way to look at balancing.  Hell, I read someone else's comment about how they aren't good with Thorn, so switch to Red Death and get more kills; therefore, we should keep Thorn as is.  I'm fairly certain that the only people who think Thorn is ok are those who either don't play crucible more than 1 game a week, or have never played in banner or trials before.  Otherwise, we're all tired of the green jizz covering our screens; even people busted with Thorn agree it's op.
I'd just like to see Dragon's Breath become a scorch cannon.  That turns it from just janky to janky but fun.
I'm pretty sure Halo is the epitome of Bungie exclusivity, as XBox players can at least still play Destiny.
"Only some of the content"?  Don't act like it's such a neutered version, you're missing a few strikes (that very few people actually play through) and a few items that RNGesus have to bless you to find.  It's not like PS4 players get some magical extra world than Xbox players, it's just a minor amount of extra content.  And you're right that they are two separate things.  I'd also say that that having the option of playing 95% of a game (or not playing it at all) is still strictly better than not having an option to play it at all.
Thank god some of you do exist.  Sure, the exclusives are neat-o....but the weapons are replaceable (hawkmoon -&gt;thorn, 4th horsey -&gt;invective, monte carlo -&gt;looking at them) and the strikes hardly get played it seems.  However, it is a little unfortunate that Xur won't sell the exclusives.
I'm still waiting to see examples of how Playstation has gotten multitudes of exclusives from top tier franchises, because that's what Microsoft and Xbox have enjoyed.  However, seems ol' Hades here has a higher prerogative on bitching how I'm wrong over presenting even the smallest basis of an argument.
Eh, I don't think it's that outrageous, but I'm also comparing it to CODs that seems to be about ~$115 a year after game plus DLC, year after year.  With Destiny I payed $90, and will pay another $60ish depending on what the cost is for Taken King and friends.  Don't get me wrong, I really feel like the content in the DLCs has been pretty low, and even our original content wasn't the most fleshed out.  But, I've also put enough time in the game that I'm under 25cents and hour, and that seems like a pretty good amount of time that I've gotten out of my investment, so I can't be too ornery.
I don't think too many of those long-time players are going to care about class items with +xp bonuses.
Because why read complaints in one thread when we can have an entire front page covered in the same mentality =/
I think this is the textbook example of the difference between speaking English and speaking it coherently :)
It's not PoE hate, it's general reddit hate-circlejerks.  It's a guarantee that we have to be browbeaten with the same complaints over and over and over again because people can never admit that they even could be content with something.  Bungie could give us a patch that offered unlimited vault space and every exotic to all guardians and reddit would be filled with: 1% "Thanks Bungie" and 99% "Fuck you Bungie I had to grind for my gear and dismantle stuff back in my day".
"If I didn't know what he meant"  Umm, haven't we seen by now that you didn't?  Seems like that statement was a bit irrelevant....
Did you really just say the majority of the player base goes flawless on at least one character?
Did you even think before you typed?
I agree.  Unless we're living in Magical Christmasland where people go flawless and then jump back in to just lose over and over again to push others into the Lighthouse.  Maybe that is what happens....but I feel like it isn't.  And it does seems like the majority of pissiness over the change is because going 9-0 might require, well, going 9-0 in the future and not just 7-0.    Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to make PVP less engaging.  Hell, the more people that play it the happier I am.  But this feels like a patch to make it function more like how they wanted, like the older patches on the Vault.   Bungie wants us to fight the Templar, and they want us to have to go through the wringer to earn the rewards at the end of the tunnel.     Maybe Bungie just needs to make a game mode where you just sit down in an empty room and the game just shits out rewards.
You need other guardians who have 100+ clears to be OK in HM VOG?  The problem isn't your teammates buddy....
It feels a lot like Halo, Gears of War, and Fable did.
The shooter elements are awesome; really everything about the gameplay is great.  However, it does feel like the game could be deeper, or at least a little more immersive in the lore (in game grimoire, more cutscenes, etc).  Because there is what feels to be a lack of content, there is a lot of critique that Bungie made a hyper addictive game and made it grindy as shit to hide those shortfalls.  I personally dont believe that; I believe them hiring things like behavior scientists and such is industry practice.  But that is another tangent.  All in all, the general consensus is the game is fun as shit to play and wish there was more to do.
Because playing the game is boring, but talking about how boring it is makes you cool.
Whats next, getting everyone to agree water is wet?  Or do you honestly think there are people out there who would actually be unhappy should 60fps be the norm?
This is the same conclusion I have come to as well.  I really think they are expecting players to grab helium casually on the moon, not grinding the shit out of it.  But the problem is that no one wants to wait for their new toy, so we spend hours waiting for warsats and running for soliton flares.
Agreed.  I think more people need to use that friend button.  I've run into some great players so I add em and usually get at least one more game together.
Especially players who only got burned because they actively chose not to play Banner until as late as possible just because they wanted it to be as easy as possible.
Its a game.  Let the one or two pissy messages roll off your shoulders.  You don't have to post on reddit about every little thing that makes you sad.
Most importantly, stop acting like its a big deal.  Seriously, in ducking elementary school you learn not to worry about words, but seems like too many adults(well, maybe) have lost that skill.
What did you expect?  Your post was basically an unfortunate story that ended with what was abasically a giant "I told you so".  You said yourself that you don't have the game, so what is the point of being on this sub?  I can't agree with /u/potatobomb69 calling out your internet connection because I dont know anything about your situation.  But I also can't fault him for pointing out that you still pay attend to a sub of a game you don't want to play and filled with people you don't empathize or sympathize for.
Why do people need loot in order to play content?
Did you just say that you choose your race irl?  That's not how babies work.
That's how I felt as I neared the end as well.
But it isn't satire...
I really don't like the idea of something like that for IB.  With regular control, you could be down by a large gap (15k-18k or so) and still make a comeback by chaining together supers and incredibly tight play.  It's not a likely thing (I think I've only had it happen a couple of times), but it still gives you a reason to push as you are nearing the end as the losing team.  But in Zone Control where you're at 1100 and they are at 1300?  It might as well be over.  You don't have any outside ways to score points to come from behind, so the hope and reasons for staying (especially once you hit the 5 medallion limit) would be completely gone.
