Yeah, there is always some place more expensive.
I always name my bash scripts: script.bash.  Always name my ksh scripts: script.ksh  And if there is ever any ambiguity, I've seen people even puth shell versioning info in the file name.  * script.bash4  * script.ksh93   And only the posixly compliant scripts, which is a brain damaged standard IMHO, would ever be named .sh  Do you really shell script to the posix standard? IF not, stop calling your scripts .sh
That number is impressive!  Good for them! Achieving such a great amount of wealth is admirable. Especially via legal ways, regardless if the legality is morally aligned with the spirit of the law, or even if the spirit of the law is deluded in this day and age of multinational corporations. Tax havens are pretty cool things, and my only wish is they were more accessible to average citizens. After all it's practically our civic duty to pay the least amount of tax legally possible in whatever locality. I don't complain about other people doing a great job on their yearly tax filing, maximizing their tax returns, just the same as I don't criticize corporations for effectively doing the same thing.   There is the issues of wealth inequality, which is a worthy issue that merits discussion. However it's difficult when people polarize on the issues, because the extreme polar ends of each position is too radical, and always the rational middle ground is left empty.    Presently the problem is not solvable, at least not in an acceptable way.   Multinational corporations always have the threat to pull their roots and HQ elsewhere. It's a gambit that keeps the government in check, raise taxes too much and POOF they're gone, and their tax revenues go with them. Similar to large multinational banks. The banks are too big to fail, and that is sustained because if we force the banks smaller, well there is always another multinational big bank principally based in another place that does not have to reduce size, and will then dominate the market. It's all classic game theory.
&gt; DHCPv6 also wasn't an afterthought for IPv6 or a hold over from IPv4.  Yes it was. Don't try to re-write history to align your bias or prejudices.
VMware works on Fedora, but the agents might need an update for 23. I'd say go with KVM or XEN instead so you have the 100% free/open virtualization solution that is just as good (if not better). 4k is really intensive on the current generation of GPU's, so you would need at least two of whatever GPU you're into. Currently Nvidia has good proprietary and open drivers for you to choose, but I'd urge you to go with the open drivers, they work very well. Yes, of course you can do raid-1 mirroring, the setup program will guide your through the setup. Fedora is a very up-to-date distro, things happen in Fedora first, and updates are by an objective measure happening very soon after upstream release. That said, the distro is very stable because of a good set of policies for packagers.
I've heard this is material from the lens barrel coming off inside. So a defect worthy of an exchange. Any new lens should be 100% perfect.
I dunno... kinda split on this issue. On the one hand it's basic human decency to provide bathroom breaks at any time during work. But.... paying for that time seems unfair to the employer.... I say that because I've had to wait to use a toilet 15 or 20 minutes as to two available in my work place were taken by two individuals who were seen leaving the toilet stall with their tablets. Basically sitting on the shitter, reading the internet, having a break. So just pointing out that this system is gamed by morally deficient people. But putting that aside, telemarketing companies operate by login/logout of the phone.... a timer in the phone is the clock-in/out mechanism. So as the employee is login, and in the ready state... they are paid. So when you step away from the desk, you sign out... So it makes perfect sense to not pay for those times away from the desk. So long as the employee can do that at any time, at will, for any reasons..... bathroom or not. That seems perfectly fair, and I personally feel the labor dept is wrong in their rules. But it's not too bad, the telemarketing industry will simply invent a new phone status of bathroom-break instead of singout.
Gnome developers work on the Fedora implementation, and apparently they like the theme we have. PErsonally, I don't dislike the default at all, and quite frankly the ability to install other themes is available for anybody who wishes something different.
No, You were correct... "Right to Work"  might sound strange to folks in those states, because they are low on oppressive union. Of course you have the right to work, or not work... it's your choice, not your Union's choice.
No I don't get this. ChromeOS is software, Chromebook is hardware. Fedora certainly does not run in ChromeOS, however there is context here... because Crouton, a Ubuntu spin, does indeed run from within ChromeOS (a fulyl graphical chroot inside a chrome browser tab).   So I definitely get it, but I'm not sure you're fully informed. Hopefully this helps you get the implication or entailment.
I'm afraid your so-called point is a bit ambiguous. You certainly went off on your perceived relationship of software versus hardware naming schemes.  If your point was about something else, then perhaps you should have ranted about that instead.
From what I hear, this place promotes legal gun ownership and stuff like that... comments like that just fuel the rhetoric of those who seek to repress legal gun owners.
Actually I read a statistic that claims there are more people from California now living in Austin that Texans. I have no idea if that is true or not, but I wouldn't be surprised if it were actually true, or even slightly inacurate....
Good on you for sharing the lead, even though you didn't take it.
I was coming here to say exactly this, thanks!  Actually disagree with the federal laws on discrimination, because they violate one of the founding rights of America which was the freedom of association. But I get it, if we have unregulated free association, we have the kind of discrimination that we don't see today... the truly repressive kind. Oh well.
Agreed. Lets not let software snobs ruin computer research.
I agree with you, I'd rather have mandatory vaccination, and that is the end-goal I want to see in my lifetime. I think Texas can follow California in enacting tough rules from people who refuse to vaccinate. Basically no public school, or state accredited day-care facility can accept non-vaccinated children. It's very similar to what I proposed above. But you're correct in observing how the non-vaccinated are present in society, and there is nothing that can be done about that. But wrong about mandatory vaccinations, that cannot be forced either... people can go totally off the grid and avoid vaccinations if they choose. I doubt it will ever come down to sheriffs serving non-vaccination warrants to parents, I don't want to live in a place like that. For now I'd rather allow people to not vaccinate, but that would have more disincentives that weight against their conscience objections. Refusing to vaccinate would be a scarlet letter of the modern age.
Weird. Why not portion out reasonable sized pieces of ham placed in freezer bags, then unfreeze them one at a time? Would improve quality, and food safety. Kinda no brainer really.
Depends on your opinion of "Free" and the bootloader.
it would become shitty as soon as one attempts cutting the cake. Would require laserbeems to cut properly.
Fake, so not actually WTF... just makes me say "fake".
Civil debts? Where did the OP ever mention that? I read about bench warrants, and other criminal warrants... but did not see any civil debt? Did you infer something that specifically written?
Do whatever it takes to survive. You're living check to check now, so make the money last. Apply for food stamps right away. Be completely transparent with your friend family regarding your income, and give the whatever they feel is fair to them. You completely depend on these people, so make sure to be excellent to them, and around them. Start saving money right away with next pay check. Get your mail forwarded to new address, and consider renting a mail box at the post office. Get a free checking account.
My favorite part is the starship looks very similar to a Gabriel's trumpet. That is an interesting shape that is finite and yet not, it has a needle that goes asymptotically to zero but not quite ever getting there, so paradoxically finite surface, infinite volume. Anyways, it's subtle little things like that which make SG Atlantis really great.
&gt; ~Went meatless. Look it's not that hard. It is so much less expensive....  Look, this is /r/PeresonalFinance and not /r/rant_about_veganism, and to be quite frank this is why nobody likes vegans except other vegans. We here are interested about how to save money, and you  said that on the first breath. Nothing more was required, or desired. Your opinion on nutrition is irrelevant to the point you are making about not eating meat saves money.  BTW - Thank you for the tips. I especially appreciate how you call around to lower your debt obligations by simply asking.
Uh... I guess that might be a thing, but it's still weird. I mean, green soy beans (edamame) have more protein than steak. Doesn't everyone know that!
I'd rather read an actual news paper, and by that I mean real paper not the website. At least those ads I can gloss over, ignore or enjoy, and not be tracked across the internet via cookies. But then again, probably better to go elsewhere and not contribute to this type of thinking.
This is a problem with sci-fi in general.  Firstly the world of sci-fi is broadly defined as many different things to different types of people. We got the Space opera types, the space marine types, the fantasy types, the cerebral types, retro steam machine types, alien invasion types, and it just goes on and on....  I'd say Dark Matter is a spaceship opera. So the same category as Trek, Firefly, Lexx, Battle Star Galactica, etc... As far as ratings go, I'd put it on par with Firefly, and that is a high mark. Well see how it goes, and I'm hopeful because unlike Firefly Dark Matter won a second season. That said one of the reasons FireFly is so good is it went out on top with only one season, it's  a paradox of sorts.
If a gym membership can be strongly correlated to persons with lower risk of healthcare expense, then sure... it's worth looking into.
I'm always amused by news about some Broadway musical. These things are nice to know about, but they are pretty much irrelevant to anybody outside of NY. Not being a hater, just saying... and good for them for being so successful, had to throw that in there.
Huh... last time I tried that program it was not very good, but it seems decent now
Um... I guess you could go into research in some related field. NLP is pretty hot right now, and that does not exactly have to involve doing code.
Stay classy Germany. Thinly veiled nationalism, slightly more overt religious supremacy &amp; bigotry, with a dash of racism. Or at least that is how it appears to me, especially given the context that it was an all womens/girls water exercise class. As if that matters at all, or perhaps the burqini would be permissible in the presence of men which only exposes the moral relativism of the German officials. To me this is like banning a particular hair style, or like banning leather jackets.... so long as the hair style is predominant of a minority group
I guess different strokes for different folks. I know people who are very active on Linkedin, and I've never ever understood the appeal. Always chalk it up to something I simply don't get, but 25 Billion seems ludicrous.
Pay off the car loan.   It's a myth that a larger down payment helps when mortgaging a home. Of course a large down payment does help a lot, but the very best thing for a mortgage is to aggressively pay down the principle. Especially in the early part of the loan life cycle, because the more you reduce the interest, it sort of compounds (in a good way) over the rest of the loan, reducing your monthly interest, and shortening the life of the loan. So pay off the car note, and have extra cash on hand each monthly cycle that you can use toward your principle. Before you know it your extra payments will substantially catch up to what ever extra you put in the down payment, and then some!
Yes exactly, make the cost of doing business fall to the officer requesting the medical procedure. I can see charging the costs to the individual being search only if they are found guilty of a crime directly related to the medical search. So if a lady has a kilo of coke up her vag, charge her for the procedure, but anybody found innocent costs the government. It will cut down retaliation is there is a prohibitive cost.
I personally think having my NAS anywhere near the internet is a really bad idea, but there are so many services you can enjoy by doing so. For example, synology has a dropbox type mobile app, that only works when the synology is able to be reached over the internet. So a bunch of people did exactly that, but it exposed the synology management webui to the internet also, and so it goes... some people had their synology infected with crypto lockers, and whatever. But don't get all scared about that, those days are mostly over now, and Synology has learned how to do security.  I've also heard good things about Qnap, and I'm strongly considering to get one of those next. But actually I might just go with TruNAS to get ZFS.
I'm not saying the government employee be held personally billable, but more like how any corporation handles expense reports. Make that one employee more involved and accountable for his spending choices on behalf of the government. Corporations never authorize invalid expenses, so if a retaliatory expense is unjustified then I'm all for the government employee being left with the bill. For example, a corporation might pay for travel, lodging, food, but not cigarettes, hookers, and porno movies.  It's like that
Of course morality is relative. Honestly, only an idiot could ever think differently.   For example, one believes stealing is wrong, but finds herself out of work, no money, hungry, starving, and decides to steal food to survive. Suddenly the morals are put aside to not go hungry.  Another example is somebody who believes obeying laws is essential, yet commonly violates minor traffic laws like going any amount of speed over the speed limit, etc.
Yeah, I'd say let the fool have it.  If you can monitor failed logins, just shuttle them off to the boss. Spew them right on out to the boss. That is totally something I would do for a boss, across the whole enterprise.
Really? Context does matter. Food ingredient disclosure label requirements are a health regulation set by the FDA, not laws... not exactly. But anyways, to compare apples to apples.... the ingredients for hardware is called the "Bill of Material", and that is much different than a schematic which you might called the recipe. But anyways, just like Apple argued it would be compelled speech to be forced to write code to unlock the iphone, being forced to publish schematics is no different (in my opinion). But the subtlety here is that source code, and machine code are legally protected forms of speech as established in a handful of Federal courts. So then are schematics also considered speech? Yes, in my opinion they are, and it's plainly obvious and reasonable.
Well you have defined you position on the topic, but have you considered the perspective of your employer? What if you were them, would you cut the hours or pay for summer work, is that even a reasonable thing to do? Assuming that there is actually less total work load, then yes.... cutting your hours might be doable, or if the total work is the same but less intensive, then a pay cut might be the option. These two scenarios seem testable, and measurable. So the rational here can easily be challenged at face value. However, it's also just as likely they simply want to get away paying you less for an arbitrary reasons, and see if that sticks.
Well I agree with you on that, Apple is being a big giant "turd" for sure.
I think you grasp the nuance of this subject. Providing the bill of materials is one thing, a reasonable thing. Providing a schematic is another all together.   This is comparable to forcing food labels to provide ingredients for consumer protection reason, but not recipes for vendor protection reasons..
We really need to start sending them with titanium wheels, or magnesium alloy, or whatever light yet sturdy material.  This just makes me sad!
I think you fundamentally don't understand what first world means.
There really shouldn't need to be one.
Just sell it, and be done. The fact you even have to ask a community of gamer if you should play these great games is weird.... so you should just sell out, that is who you are.
Oh this was pure gold!
oh cool! Well I stand corrected, thanks!
