The pic was as good as a hug.
That is a great picture!
Bernie don't need no rentalcrowds.
But its so true...never ever ever ever say the n-word...never...but go ahead and say something like "well they get very emotional when stopped by police b/c its in their blood you know..to run and get emotional.."   or "they can dance so much better than white people"....  That's okay.  I hear this veiled form of racism all the time...its the difference between the race and the rest of the world.
...and mrs Botox Clinton?  She looks young?
Its his message that resonates with people.  Not his looks.
So then vote for that slick Ted Cruz!!!  He looks like a sleazy version of Bill Murray.
Naw...just drop a ton of dog poop on them.
Perhaps if Black or Muslim guys were to wear plaid flannel shirts, cowboy hats and develop big guts and then and only then illegally occupy a federal building and wave guns to protest something, then maybe the federals would be nicer to them.
Hillary is a study in how to live a life that is totally rehearsed.
"I pledge allegiance to the billionaire.....(I like that..shows how dumbazzed his followers are)
So just sit and say nothing....I thought it was Sanders who was supposed to be the communist.
But Donald is gay don't you know.  Look at his Liberace hair.
That was 8 years ago.  That was then...this is now... Americans are much wiser to the fact that the system is rigged...both Repubs and Dems agree on that.
You have a point.  If Hillary is the nominee, I won't pay much attention to politics anymore.
I thought she looked just like Kathy Bates in "Misery".  She had the ax under her seat.
He makes paperwork errors ....he just admitted it.  I wouldn't have him for my lawyer
Dreams come true
This debate scares me.. these guys are mean.  They hate people.   Nikki is slimed for what she said about Trump.  they accuse each other of doing something as if its illegal or against the RNC state.  They call Bernie a commie.. these guys are more representative of what I heard the cold war Soviet Union was like.
Fuck you Kasich!
Cruz is just as bad...Cruz is a pompous, dishonest Arschloch..(Sorry can't spell it.)
Christie just hates Obama.   Everything that has happened is Obama's fault.
I want Rand too... only sane one
Nobody misses Carly.
These guys think ISIS is like communism back in the 1950's...this unseen evil among us...  be scared everyone.  The commies(ISIS) will get you if you don't elect me.
Well that's one very good retirement plan
I thought R Maddow said it best..."your campaign lit its hair on fire".
From what I have read about Hillary and the Clintons in general, there is nothing that doesn't get by them.. They knew all about this attack on Bernie's med records.  They are control freaks who need to know everything.
I thought he stood up well with Clinton glaring at him while he criticized her ties to Wall Street.
Sanders should have brought that up.  Two can play at flip flops
I loved O'Malley telling the Queen she wrapped herself in 9/11 in the first debate.
....and the fact that the Big Dog has groped and felt up more women that Cosby.  Thy'll bring that to the table too.
Why should she be liked?
Has any commentator, blogger, newservice or anyone for that matter stopped to imagine what a presidency under D Trump would be like?  Sheer chaos would be my best answer but others more informed may have a better answer.
That leghorn must be a big girl!!
$25 !!!  So much for starving artists.
IMHO  I think people are a little tired of the Clintons.   Bernie although old in years seems to have fresh ideas.  If he were to be president, I'm sure he would be influential in getting American income inequality fixed.  I think his idea of instituting tuition free education  a great idea. chine right now is changing their economic structure to innovation and less manufacturing...we should too.
But the allegations are known by anyone who opens a news site.  Why didn't she have a response if she has nothing to hide.  She is running for president for gods sake...not signing books.
If I gave someone big bucks for 3 speaking engagments....I would expect something in return...anyone or any business would
You don't think taking $675,000 in 3 speaking engagements by Goldman Sachs was not just a little over the top?  You don't think they will expect something from you?  $675,000 is a hell of a lot of money to most people living in the USA. "HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!"
Why did Chuck Todd NOT as Hillary on Meet the Press this morning about reparation to descendants of slaves in America.....but yet, asked Bernie about it?  Why is Hillary so eager to do hit pieces on Sanders and have Chuckie ask hard ball questions of him?
But people know the Clintons by now and know they are ruthless.  There isn't much love for the Clintons anymore.  That went out with the 90's.  And we all know what happens when you elect a Clinton....the Repubs come in next.
jeez I hope it was wood you were burning in your pile.  My neighbor typically burns some questionable stuff.
Its a toss-up between chicken biryiani and paneer and creamed spinach..(I forget the actual name of it)..
If this woman gets the nomination, this will be the  most apathetic election of all time.
Might as well be Bernie... they ain't gonna vote for her either.
Ms Clinton's heading to Wall Street strongholds to fundraise isn't embarrassing I guess.
Teddy Roosevelt did it in the early part of the last century.. So you are saying that its too unrealistic for it to happen again.  In the face of everything right now...I think Sanders has some cred b/c he says its up to US to break up the big banks.  Its part of his revolution theme.
Its not a personal attack.  He is trying to point out that she takes money from billionaires and is beholden to them...while he is beholden to nobody.  Big difference...he's trying to point it out..
Hillary going to both Philly and Wall Street investment palaces to  raise money by $1000 a plate dinner is not pandering?  Funny... I think that's what the dictionary calls pandering.
