Are you trying to say that feminists are more likely to be fat, or are you saying fat people are more likely to be feminists? This graph indicates the former, though typically probability sits on the y-axis.
ah well, either way good effort op.
Yeah oh man. That was a long worthwhile read. Holy shit that woman is crazy. For a moment I almost thought she was a troll. But I don't know...
please don't kill the honey bees. They are gentle creatures, unless you are in their nest.
it's all ok, that is what the internet is about.
we must grow this sub, like a pheonix from the ashes of pao's cunt
We should have public baths in America.
Unfortunately yeah, he seems legit.   This entire article is rage inducing though. I kind of want to take this guy out into the dessert and beat him over the head for a while until he regains his common sense.
This is the last straw!
No shitlord, women cannot harass
I thought the original post was cute.
Yeah but don't do a good job or they will trade you for picks
yeah... not a mistake you want to make
Do we actually need more Forward talent? I guess that might be a sign someone is getting traded soon...
Maybe that is why they broke up, so one of them could play for Montreal.
&gt; That would actually be the most sensible solution for the Greeks.   So they probably won't do it then?
I hope they don't pay Poulin too much, like at all....
Oh ok nevermind then. I for some reason thought Cronin did both.
With strait in we are damned if we do damned if we don't. He should be limited to like 15 minutes per night if possible... but cappy plays him over 20 usually...
and without Halak. Greiss is good, but he does not control the puck well and leaves a lot of rebounds.
Dayummmm that was painful. Better luck tomorrow.
You are right, reddit would be way more sympathetic.
It takes Pi times longer to complete a task than you expect.
Wilson isn't even worthy of honky's tread marks on his ass.
These guys need to get what's coming to them. We need to get the MC^2 line out there after this pp.
depends on what happens and what is said in that locker room but I agree, a comeback is not out the question.
They have been pretty awful tonight in general.
yeah ok, I'll join the fuck tim peels bandwagen... he got at least 3 wrong tonight.
It's worse than that, once strait finds the puck he passes it to the other team. We might as well have hickey out there alone.
I hope we are so lucky
Unless you are sitting behind Cappy your ideas probably won't help...
I know that was hit hard, but greiss should save that one.
Boychuk and Hamonick come back fast and we squeak in because Brian Strait never plays a game again?
Well I have a theory. See Cappy is confused and thinks strait is a good or decent defender. S Cappy uses him as the metric for if other defenders are good. So he plays Strait with someone else like Pelech to size them up BUT they can't be everywhere so they don't look good because they are busy covering straits ass. But then strait looks better than he is because he's never in on the play when the other team scores so Cappy thinks strait is good and hence we will never be rid of strait.
Kulemin doesn't take many penalties... I can forgive this.
considering the whistle was blown when Halak touched the puck it's a good call. definitely late after the whistle but it's not martin who's still skating.
Strait does many things, most aren't good.
Yeah but if Tavares pushes him it won't end well.
He needs to pick between a beard and a goatie.
Bullshit, I've seen Strait fall for no reason. If you go at him 20-30 times he's going to turn and trip at least once.
Watch him not score a goal... Seriously he needs to wake up, maybe this will do it.
Some say he's still in bed because he stayed up till 4 am again.
Ryan N-H would be great but we really need a D man.
Is fishing code for sex? Seriously that's a lot of kinky thoughts even for me.
It's been pretty good. Kessel and the Penguins have shown they are legit the best around. Unfortunately the Sharks haven't lived up to the hype, I really expected game 5 to be played with 2 wins a piece.   It has a real david and goliathe feel
That projected first line gave me chills.
Something everyone can agreebon
Sure, you just can't let it happen near the net.
Basically yeah.   Lucic probably isn't ideal and neither is Lee but I think that those two playing with JT every night could make that line productive.   All this being said, the numbers that Lucic wants I think make him a fantasy for us. Too expensive honestly.
'he says, you didn't think an islander could take that good a save in goal, would ya?' -- 19s left in the period  then 'Cizikas was near by'.   so just some cheap shots at us for no reason I guess?
