I read that as a fat joke
I'm loving it
Fuck I marked out for the big show
no! hogan's heel turn in 96 was WONDERFUL. totally fresh for him. completely refreshed his career.  the nwo angle eventually got stale, but when it began it was amazing.
Hopefully something better than this
boiler room sets are the best for people watching
I love this
It's so sweet
It's not the same sweet as like a raspberry wheat but it's so good
Get some Tito's in your life
can't go wrong with Svedka  I think i just have that Texas bias for Tito's
JOHN CENA SUCKS!
Oh  My  GOD  That was amazing
What delicious pasta. Better than navy seal imo
Fuck that cold showers are awesome
everything i've ever heard about bubba makes him sound like a prick
It's like sex on cocaine, getting hard seems impossible but once you are it's there for like six hours
Wow that was catastrophic
NO HE'S AN IWC DARLING AND HE'S GETTING BURIED DUH
Love it
One of the GOAT heels
give me shit for it but i would bang rebel wilson
the accent too, for me  she's probably rude as shit and one of those types "i'm not mean i'm just honest"
i've always argued that Hogan is the GOAT because of the 80s and for everyone else it's a battle for 2nd  the further we get from the 80s the shakier Hogan as the GOAT gets. there's just way too many people battling for 2nd  * flair  * andre  * taker  * stone cold  * rock  * cena (yes)  * savage
worth it. i'd clean out my retirement account to see Austin v. Lesnar
i love this
Fuck yeah rothko chapel
YOU'RE DOING IT MAN KEEP IT UP  JUST DO IT DON'T LET YOUR DREAMS JUST BE DREAMS
i fucking love You Blew It!
Jack's a legend in any world
I love these so much
I love how you shitpost never stop
we can get it to $300 million
New Prince is the fucking *jam* though, but maybe that's because I'm a Sleigh Bells fanatic.
FUCK that show looks incredible
HARD WORK PAYS OFF  DREAMS COME TRUE  BAD TIMES DON'T LAST  BUT BAD GUYS DO
that snare sounds so fucking tight
Fucking architects sending over all their plans in feet and inches I hate that shit
Nasty Xtina was the best
Definitely check Wreck &amp; Reference. They're doing something pretty unique
I think you a word
&gt; Waoh   dude it's 'whoa' or 'woah' (which gets the red underline for misspelling anyways) but never 'waoh'
all these guys are nuts and i LOVE IT
IT'S STILL REAL TO ME DAMNIT
More awareness I think. It's also summer so more people are starting to pull their bikes out of the garage.
fuck yeah Weekend Nachos is my shit
More remixes of pop punk songs pls
It seriously is really good
Rear end a car and you might get charged with failure to control speed. Hit a cyclist and say I didn't see him and you get no charge.
Pinot noir!
