C'mon guys, ronasd4 was joking. Since when do we negative-vote people for harmless fun like that?
I'm impressed, this has been up for 20 hours and there hasn't been one post along the lines of "fake" or "that's so fake, it's obviously a setup" or even "Why Would They Be Filming? Its Not Real".  We're getting there, reddit!  Good job, everyone!
If ramps are always available, sure. I bet you don't have to go far, however, to find someone in a wheelchair who has encountered those exceptions.  I wonder if the wheelchair users of the world face psychological barriers to going out based around the fear that there might not be a ramp?
That's what the hole looks like when things birthday fast. I know you want the comfort that comes with an elaborate federal conspiracy being needed to pull this off, but the world we live in just isn't that orderly.
No, but I bet it's a fun cruise. Lots of kids on this and I bet that's not so much the case with those.
There is no way this could horribly backfire.
&gt; Dildan 'Buzz' Kerman  That might have done better, ya gotta put a little effort in.
I believe you are dramatically under estimating the cost of launching this constellation with the currently available launchers.   If the Ariane 6's semi reusable system works, it would certainly cost them less than a classical fully  disposable rocket but it will probably be several years before that flies.  The competitor that's planning to use the falcon may be able to realize benefits from this line of this tech sooner because of where they are in their development cycle, otherwise the cost of launching will represent a significant chunk of capital investment.  That said, I suspect that lowballing the estimate by looking at the cheapest rocket is an exercise doomed to create disappointment.
The outdoor shots do indeed appear to feature a sky the color of a television tuned to a dead channel (back when that line was written and the color was a static-filled grey and not a vivid blue of today, that is)
If I've learned anything about science from watching movies and television, these fusion researchers should probably just try inverting some polarities in their machines until they work.  Basically I'm advocating for bringing  a Dunning-Kruger heavy team online to solve all these problems.
It is this one's hope that your timbers have been properly shivered.
The real monsters in life mostly come out at night.  Mostly.
Right on, hopefully they have what you're looking for and haven't turn into assholes since 2008.  😸
Every time I see Chris Pine I see James Kirk (X-Games Edition), not sure where you get crack FBI agent Bert Macklin from this.
&gt; Seeing the shuttles always leaves me in awe    Truth, it was an incredible (if deeply flawed) machine with an amazing engineering pedigree and an example of pushing things to the limit and striving to-  &gt; and brings back memories of Armageddon  What.
Looks scary enough from the ground, I imagine it doesn't feel any better in the cockpit.    I guess I like the *idea* of towing snarky banners more than the reality of it.
No drop of water believes that it's responsible for the flood.  OP ignored the sticky that explicitly requests people check it first and even has this exact problem and solution already covered.  In addition, the poster even acknowledged implicit awareness that they were doing exactly that but, through posting, also suggested that they were special snowflake Who did not need to be bothered by investing the smallest effort in reading that sticky with the answer.  It's not cool.
"Pttthpht, ACCCK" - Bill the Cat  Do we really want another smoothtalking career politician in the White House?
I believe StatusVol2 fixed a crash I got on StatusVol 1.  If you determine 'better' by 'doesn't cause crippling crashes', then I believe so yes.
Honestly, this only increased my affection for him.  The world needs more of this, and I don't think I'm alone.
I would play that at my next lightswitch rave.
Seriously, I don't understand what you're suggesting. It isn't a permit, it's just a piece of paper that says "this guy took the class". You can get it in 15 minutes from 100 different places so even if they went into his house and rifled through his office to confiscate it (which is on it's own a ridiculous idea), that wouldn't stop him from getting another.  This argument fails on multiple levels.  It is not a license.
The shuttle made a mockery of the "man rated" concept. There were so many deeply flawed design decisions in it, sweet zombie Jesus.
I'm unable to register even the slighest amount of fucks for this concern.  I'm checking the meter, but the needle's not twitching.  Is this a thing that happens?  Or is this one of those theoretical risks that folks roll out anytime someone does something interesting?
What the shit?  This is ridiculous, the article is a year and a half old and talks about a cancelled mission.
No need to be pedantic, we all know this but it's still a cool project that requires solving many of the same problems actual space hardware would face (like low temperatures, super low pressure, high altitude operations w/ tracking) and gets you things like visible curvature of the earth.    If you want to play wordcop, then by all means offer unnecessary corrections like this.  If you want to get folks interested in STEM and get more people under the space circus tent, then you'll knock it off.
Whether or not he said it or not, the quote attributed to Henry Ford applies here: "If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses."  If you confine yourself to an existing market and only make incremental improvements, then you'll have an uphill battle establishing real marketshare.  If you CREATE the market, though, you're king until you aren't.
&gt; That's a little kinky.  I think you've got OP pegged.
No technical reason they couldn't but the community seems pretty sure it'll be the remaining F9R test vehicle that'll be used.  I think that's plausible in part because of the sheer engine hardware cost.  Throwing away three engines versus 9 seems to make sense, especially if there's a chance some of Jason's engines could be refurbed or economically converted into Vacuum Merlins but that's just conjecture on my part.
&gt; We like Ariane 6.  This is smart business.  [Gerald Ratner](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_Ratner) learned this the hard way when he went the other direction:  &gt; "People say, "How can you sell this for such a low price?", I say, "because it's total crap."  I think the realities of how their funding works means Ariane must be publicly committed to the path they're on for now.  Does that mean they're relaxing behind the scenes?  I doubt it.  I'd be shocked if there weren't engineers looking at ways to adapt their hardware to recent events or at least figuring out how practical/impractical it would be.
The atmosphere is something like &lt;1% the density of ours which I think means there would still be significant health problems to exposed skin (hematoma, water boiling off, etc) but I may be mistaken.  I think a pressure suit would be necessary still.
That story makes some bold statements that exceed our current knowledge.  We've documented real health challenges in weightlessness but have almost none for partial gravity like Mars.  Science predicts that bone loss and muscle atrophy could happen but we don't know to what degree.    "This is still not enough to keep them alive on Mars" sounds pretty pessimistic unless the author is in possession of important data of the sort thousands of scientists would kill to review.
No, the beak says "CHIRP!" or maybe "CAW!" but I don't know what kind of jackdaw it is.
That's, like, dog years man.  Yeah, that's what OdinsBeard meant.
It's exciting tech.  I've got my fingers crossed that it's achievable in the near future, I'm just not quite ready to bet money on it in any immediate future.  :D
Check mate, I think.
Yes, plus just enough unicorn dream to make Gaff's origami at the end something to ponder.
I've seen things you wouldn't believe with what you did there with your eyes....
Did you mean to use superscript in the energy figures for planet, star, and galaxy wide power output?  Without that, the numbers don't make any sense.  Edit: Ah!  Never mind, the mobile client I was using was rendering the numbers without superscript.  I had this nagging thought and came to check this on a desktop and just realized my mistake.
Using an SLS to launch the same Europa Clipper mission as could be sent on a Delta or whatever was originally planned  JUST to get it there faster would have been criminal.  Adding a lander is FANTASTIC.  Real science beats convenience any day.
I'd love to see some current photos of the inside.  I wonder if they've got a couple webcams?  Did they experiment with windows on either of them?  A video of earth drifting past the window would be pretty sweet.  I'm curious what they use for downlink, TDRS would be pretty expensive.  I can imagine them using an Iridium phone for cost then imagining some operator back at the Iridium offices trying to figure out why one of their phones kept switching satellites in such a weird order.  I suppose amateur Ham would be another lower-bandwidth option...
"Generic as possible" is not a useful critique, it's not actionable.  Same with your comment about being 'tired' of seeing it on some site, something that has more to do with you than the picture.  Hope this helps clear up the big 'mystery of the downvotes' for you!
Easy there, I'm just suggesting that anyone who look to pursue this 'exciting business opportunity'  exercise extreme caution and take steps to stay safe because this sounds sketchy as all get-up.
Alternate explanation: Could it be that you don't fully grasp the magnitude of the challenges and are left squarely in the middle of the Dunning-Kruger effect?
That's really more a symptom of overloading your phone with tweaks than jailbreaking itself.  Self-control is the name of the game.
If you have difficulty differentiating fantasy from actual achievements, your post probably seemed reasonable when you wrote it.  I have no explanation if that's not the case.
I think that's a contribution to a very different conversation, don't you? These two craft went into and returned from space, a fairly punishing regime.
Agreed, they stole those people from us far too soon.   Filthy Pressers…
Because gold conjures up a mist about a man, more destructive of all his old senses and lulling to his feelings than the fumes of charcoal.
There are so many little technical errors elsewhere in the video, it may also just be a whoopsie.
