Contrary to popular belief, Canadians and Quebecers usually get on quite fine.   Plus, we wouldn't be able to take credit for glorious poutine without them!
&gt;looks better  They are not even comparable, Apple watch looks professional, the pebble time looks like a toy.  &gt;works just as well if not better  If all you want is better battery and waterproof... Then sure. But if you're taking into account display, build quality, fitness aspects, more and better apps, refined software, innovative features, aesthetics, customer service, well known brand, etc...then no.
&gt;The Spanish Navy prepared a surface task group with frigates and tankers, but Spain eventually decided against sending it. Negotiations ceased on March 25, and the following day, Canadian ships cut the nets of the Spanish trawler Pescamero Uno. The Spanish Navy responded by deploying a second patrol boat. Canadian warships and patrol planes in the vicinity were authorized by Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrétien to fire on Spanish vessels that exposed their guns.   This was known as "the turbot war." I think Canada did the right thing, trying to stop overfishing
Your phone can't take your heartbeat and isn't as accurate. Plus, it's much easier to see the information when it's on your wrist.
Damn dude, you're really on the Apple hate bandwagon, aren't you? Apple has always waited to reveal sales numbers until their next event (WWDC), and if sales analysts are correct, this things *already* generated billions in sales for Apple.
Except Edmonton's actually a nice city...
Hilaruous! How long did it take you to come up with that one, an hour? Wouldn't be surprised, people like you have the intelligence of a 6 year old.
I think the largest company in America knows what they're doing...
Yeah, the guy wasn't a sovereign citizen, he just didn't speak the language and misunderstood what was happening.
This sub will up vote anything negative that has to do with Apple. It's kinda pathetic, really.
Are we really just upvoting circlejerk posts now?
What an uninformed and stupid thing to say.
Yeah, it's event time, so all the Android fanboys come here and fill this sub with shit. Happens every time there's an Apple event.
It's either Apples or Googles. Pick one.
Don't forget Apple!
I'm not saying it's useful for everybody, I was just trying to say it's not useless either, like OP said they were.
Jim B signs his name because Jim B is awesome.
Yeah, you're right. We should've just stood by and watched as Germany took over Europe and killed millions of innocents.
Yeah what your friend did was stupid, but what Malaysia is suggesting is just insane. They should just fine him for being nude or whatever then give him back to Canada. Otherwise I hope our government steps in.
&gt; Free form icons like on Android (each one has a different shape).  Oh, god! The horror!
But spreading misinformation (that the watch doesn't even last a day) isn't helping anyone.
If you're concerned about the number of ports then the laptop isn't for you. They still offer other alternatives with more ports, so there's really no point in circlejerking.  Edit. Kinda disappointing that the Apple circlejerk has leaked over into this sub.
What a damn fucking shame.
If all of Androids fanbase is smug assholes, they really need to work on their reputation and way they have discussions and arguments.
That's not what I meant.   Someone who doesn't know what they're talking about isn't an asshole, they're just ignorant. Someone who *does* know what they're talking about but is being smug and elitist, *is* being an asshole, and I'd take the ignorance over assholeishness anyday. To suggest I need psychiatric help is just using Ad Hominem, untrue, and quite frankly insulting.  I really thought the users of /r/SiliconValleyHBO who seem to be tech enthusiasts would at least acknowledge Apple's  advantages over its competition, but I guess reddit's circlejerking trumps logic.
I really hope he's just going through an 'edgy' phase
Being murdered is a helluva lot different than being killed in an accident.
We're really just upvoting circlejerk posts now?
You realize their not harmless jokes, they're actually serious, right?
No, but posting images of imgur admins on their sidebar just because they're overweight *is* serious, and tbh it screams mental disorder.
And your insecurities are continuing to show. Have fun compensating for your shitty life by making fun of strangers!
Seriously. Why the fuck is this in /r/pics?
When did I say I was offended? All I said was I've had enough of seeing this /r/fatpeoplehate shit on my front page lately, and I'm getting pretty fucking annoyed by it.  It sounds like you're the offended one.
I'm judging him for because he's an asshole. Just because someones fat, doesn't mean they're an asshole.   But you wouldn't know that, because you're also an asshole, clearly.
Ah, so I can see you're just gonna give immature responses, and not respond like an adult.   Here's your average /r/fatpeoplehate user everybody, can't even hold up an argument.
Then maybe don't shove your beliefs down all of reddit's throats? Oh wait, if you hadn't done that, your shitty sub wouldn't have been banned!
I just told you why it wasn't hypocrisy, but I'm beginning to believe that you're not intelligent enough to comprehend what I'm trying to get through to your thick head.   I think the person representing the subreddit /r/fatpeople*hate* is the hate monger-er, not me.   Have a nice day, I won't be responding to any further comments, no matter how dense they are.
Ad Hominem, nice. I'm not gonna respond to any more of your comments, before I lose my sanity.
You can't take the 2 seconds to look at the sidebar? Are you that lazy?
Agreed. One of the best looking of these types of games, but it just isn't fun, unless you're a fallout fanboy I guess.  One of the coolest things is the 3D perspective on the rooms when you pan around. Looks awesome.
Don't tell me you're an /r/fatpeoplehate-er...
Which is funny because Chong is actually from Edmonton.   I always knew Edmonton was better...
It's Samesung, of course they're gonna copy Apple
I don't know, some people go as far as to blaming him for *everything* wrong with Canada.
&gt;I never said anything to the contrary  You implied it, otherwise you wouldn't have replied to OP.   &gt; could get like 4 newer games  New games cost exactly the same on PC as they do on console. Sure, steam sales happen like 3 times a year, but most of the time brand new games aren't included, and they certainly wouldn't be 1/4 of the price as on console.   Stop making stuff up, like I said, they both have positives and negatives. This isn't /r/PCmasterrace.
http://www.ayva.ca/blog/2011/07/01/five-canadian-contributions-to-science/  &gt;The First Incandescent Light bulb. Henry Woodward, then a medical student in Toronto, patented the first incandescent lamp with a light bulb in 1874.  Credited as the “true” inventor of the incandescent light bulb, Woodward sold his patent to Thomas Edison in 1885.  &gt;The First Practical Telephone. Alexander Graham Bell made the first long distance phone call in 1876 with his “electrical speech machine” (now known as a telephone) and changed the world forever.  In other words, the telephone was invented by a scotsman, *in* Canada.   I don't know if *we're* better than every western nation, but we're better than most, and certainly Israel, which has countless human rights issues, not to mention Palestine.   I can give you more technological and science inventions if you'd like.
America and the UK wouldn't have been the empires they are and were without their massive populations, and in turn, economies.   If Canada had 300 million people we'd be a superpower too.
You just completely generalized 35 million people. Congratulations.
I didn't generalize your population, I was talking about your country and government.  And if you're gonna use heavt misconceptions and generalizations, so will I.
And some people will find a way to talk shit about Apple no matter what
