Prop 64 requires warnings on everything that might cause cancer.  Do you know what might cause cancer? Everything.  The crappy design was crappy law design.
Nice. The man is living his dream in the biggest ways possible and I love it.
http://digg.com/video/is-amy-schumer-hot-enough-for-television  Yes. Funny and talented. Also self deprecating in a good way.
Who says it didn't?  Oh, I'm sorry tumblr feminists, did you assume that either the vault dweller or the dog were males based on their outward appearances?  Nice job bigots.
Ah Puch will be way op for a bit now.  He eventually got nerfed to manageable levels, but for the time being, I feel sorry for anybody who mains aphrodite.
This is what she does when she can easily command attention. I shudder to think what she will do when the media isn't interested in her any more.
&gt;A big part of the problem on the developer side is that they didn’t flatter games media.  What a developer is supposed to do is to give their violence ironic cover, or agree to pretend that it’s a deconstruction of violence, or make the player wear a surreal animal mask, anything to “elevate” the piece so that the press can rub their faces on it like a cat.  Barring these, you’d better fucking know one of them.  That is the key graph.  Had hatred played the cynical game of pretending to be high brow, it would have got a pass.  They decided to pander to their customers instead of the gaming press.  The gaming press tried to make a show of force and ended up looking stupid in the process as. But whatever because games are stupid anyways, amiright?
Might as well get him some Pappy Van Winkle and do it right.
I think my favorite is the nxt episode where he had to make a heelish retreat from the ring but still went out of his way to stomp O'Reilly who was down outside the ring.
Sure, it is impressive, but he took on all those looks for different movies.  If you want to be truly impressed by the power of tranformation in a single film, [you need a master of disguise](http://www.mbc.net/.imaging/stk/mbc/photo-mod4/media/Photos/Grid/2013/june/04/THE-MASTER-OF-DISGUISE_1024/original/1b0ab28978c362bdf699e999d5df66d4028bf784/THE-MASTER-OF-DISGUISE_1024.jpg).
Clearly this is the same thing as blaming earthquakes on nudity.
You are "entitled" to nothing based on what you created, but we are entitled to universal income by cause of what?
I'd be willing to bet that Mora will keep it open as long as possible.  He isn't going to give away scouting information for nothing even if most fans are correct in their prediction of Rosen starting.
Yeah, but when you are a giant, the sky isn't that much further to go up.
Punk's decision to join made sense if they followed up on it.  He is a guy who wants revenge on Orton for the punt that cost him his title (in a stunning display of memory by the WWE).  He was also a guy who relied on having people around him.  It could have worked.  But instead it was a springboard for a very short program with no real commitment to make it work.  Obviously it worked out for Punk in the long run, but was representative of some of the short sighted booking that plagued portions of his tenure.
The same can be said of many motorists, the only difference is that they are operating things that are better at hurting others than getting hurt themselves.
Instructions unclear, applied rectally.  Would not recommend.
and nothing of value was lost.
I look forward to the new and exciting ways that Chairman Pao can turn this into a tool for abuse.
Hey now, let's not start setting the bar too high.
Reddit is currently melting down due to maladministration. Fph is simply a convenient target for PR purposes. Being good to people is right. Be a positive example by behavior and promote the good you want to see in the world.
Colin cowherd knows what it looks like already, he services a replica of lebrons cock for at least 15 minutes per show.
If you pick the right million year span you are absolutely correct.  Consider yourself lucky to be in the one million year period where this sort of thing could even happen.
When it isn't being mocked it is being ignored. Nobody cares what pol thinks.
The Constitution is the law that defines government, not people. It states the role and limitations of government and if you take the time to read Marbury vs Madison you will understand what judicial oversight permits.   With the sole exception of treason, the Constitution does not deal with crimes for citizens.
That is the worst possible advice. Combining the embarrassment of having a serious issue pointed out with the mystery of wondering which friend thinks this of you.
So true.  They are so beyond brigading that they have banned NP links.  http://np.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/39nwjh/meta_submitting_np_links_to_srs_is_now_banned/  They are just that pure.
Do people who mock quiche even know what it is? I mean we are talking about eggs and often bacon. Seems pretty good to me.
Well everybody, it's in that guy's opinion illegal.  We can shut it down now.
and that is also why the "Geralt should be wearing heels" comment is complete nonsense.  Is the game about horse mounted combat archery?  Then the 'historical" reason for men wearing heels in combat doesn't apply.
Why do they call it a pass?  You aren't actually passing anything.  Wouldn't "season" "access to download specific content" make more sense?  Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot that people understand idioms.   Carry on.
Looks like we are getting a fullmackintosh Monday. Look for off the charts stupidity as they test how ridiculous they can get while their fawning sycophants continue praising them.
Yeah.  Am I the only one who is surprised by people who claim to have a thousand bucks to spend on next gen consoles but can't scrape together a few bucks for a month of xbox live?
This E3 is an absolute home run.
I thought one of those battle maidens looked rachet.
Travis Herzog's Facebook made this sound like a class three kill storm.  Call it youthful exuberance if you must,but her overreacted.
So to sum up r/games. Stop preordering guys! Just kidding, lets move from preordering to funding games for Sony in a way that is completely irrevocable.
The alternative is that Sony funds it. Do you really think they don't have the 2 million? This was a test of the market to see if they can shift cancelable preorders from retailers directly to irrevocable pledges to publishers.
Putting money where their mouth is? That's what market research is for.  It's been the way for decades. So don't act like this is anything but a massive sea change in how development costs are handled, shifting the burden to the players.   Speaking of "risking" money.  Who bears the benefit when that risk pays off?  If this game makes a 100 million in profit, do the gamers who invested get a share? Nope.  Why will Sony risk on things that can't succeed on a kickstarter?  If Sony pitched a game about "a man, a little girl and fungus infected zombies" it very well could fail because they can't pitch the full game to the public.  Sony avoids the risk because it didn't pass the kickstarter "test' and we lose out on one of the best games of the last generation.  What happens when a game doesn't make massive profits and it wasn't kickstarted?  Well, Sony shareholders will start asking why not.  More games that aren't on an annual release schedule  will have to pass the kickstarter test.  Shenmue 3 is a special case in the same way every game is a special case.  How many titles would Sony call a special case? Apparently, we will find out because Sony is going to see exactly how far they can push this.
One key difference is that the conservative right has mostly moved in from that fight. It's rad fems who want to play the role of censor.
Is that the attitude gg wants of all groups? Judge people on their individual merits. Crecente has always been a pretty reasonable guy. Not perfect, but who among us is?  I feel no pity for polygon as a site though. Let it rot.
Wow. That demo is incredible. I really hope I can bend it to my personal political interest, maybe by exploiting a real human tragedy so that excited gamers can feel guilty while I rake in that sweet, sweet patreon cash.
It was a public service, I prefer the sort of BO you can taste in your mouth over the taste of a Subway sandwich.
Not much better? I'd say that the over 100 million dead at the hands of communism is a hell of a lot worse.
Get EA access. Best value for the money. After that, try getting in on the Smite beta, it is practically open beta as far as key access is concerned.
Resolution should stay the same. I don't see why frame rate couldn't improved if it is uncapped on a specific title.
I'm thinking more in terms of this subreddit. The contrast between the don't preordering campaign and the lets all kickstart Shenmue campaign is jarring.  I'm just taking a shot at the people who made an irrevocable preorder.
Listing the rules doesn't make his acts violations. Not even close.
It's like some folks think it is an accident that UCLA had the leading rusher last year and that the run game has massively improved.
It's a damn shame that wider audiences won't see what she can do.  She has the talent to single handedly change opinions about women in wrestling.  I'll begrudgingly settle for the fact that she will help change minds through the people she trains.
