I wonder if we'll finally get the hard proof that Paterno knew
It's going to be like Texsa, but bigger
You've got to be fucking kidding me ...
It looks like something Louisville would wear :-(   I appreciate the effort though
I don't know how I feel about this
CONFERENCE CHAMPIONS FOREVER
I thought I read that a lot of their revenue assumptions were based on being in C-USA
This is why Arkansas is afraid to play them
Everything in college football revolves around the oldest football university, it's just logic.  Also, I didn't say anything about a rivalry, you won inexplicably - had we kept running the ball or benched a guy who was clearly struggling, that game could have very well went the other way.
I have him tagged as mega-Hitler
Should have double checked before I posted, thanks for the correction
I mean, I feel bad... but then again since we're playing this year I don't
We could use another SEC QB
The more I hear about this guy the more I think he's out of his fucking mind
you can't really overlook a game at the end of the season before the season begins ..  but they are tOSU fans..   I need to think this over a bit more.
Agreed and agreed
Probably not, it seems hastily thrown together
It's not you, it's the sub's awful reputation
I think it's appropriate when it's part of your official name:  Rutgers, **THE** State University of New Jersey  Don't get all mad because someone forgot to add "The" to your school's name
I think Penn State needs a redesign.. with as much crap and logos as you could throw on there
White text with black boarder can be easily read over every color.. Why did OP do this to us..
real conferences have two divisions
Fuck this guy.
Some of us will be dead by the time this game is played
1/8.. better than expected!
Don't lower Rukia to Mikasa's level
Levi yes, I can't stand Mikasa's character.. sure she's the most badass fighter on there is such a little bitch when it comes to Eren and barely has a personality.. "Oh, Eren, my fighting probably saved dozens of peoples lives, but if you give up then fuck 'em we'll just get eaten by the titans forever because I have absolutely no purpose in life"  Rukia is a well rounded character, I do wish Kubo made her more powerful - it was lame that Byakuya had to come rescue her, but she's not just a boring killing machine.  But.. to each their own.. we all have our favorite characters and disliked characters, Mikasa just doesn't do it for me
It's so hard to dislike Kyle Flood..
They're like a really good OOC opponent for the SEC, in the SEC
you either die a hero, or you live to become Adidas
We're rivals, it's tradition, right?
We still don't even know who starters are..  Man.. I'm going to be rooting for Tennessee and the SEC East this year... what a fucked up year 2015 will be.
You need to add another game, when you win 6, you get to go to a bowl game.
I feel that Rutgers fans have a disproportionate amount of games we could point to in the last 9 years.
I actually laughed at this one
Pro style or no style
People who don't pump their own gas live Nascar everyday.  There is no need for us to watch it.
This might still be a good opportunity for the Bulls though, you'll have a better time recruiting on offense with a QB that can make plays (allegedly), especially since Florida guys might know who he is already.
The wraps and Fox and Hound are really good though
So far I'm enjoying this defense
I hope this Ohio State defense keeps this dominance up
I think we're all a little happy, nobody likes ND
Great tackling! What's that?! People can do that?
Sounds like an overall bad idea
yay they finally mentioned Rutgers!
it's not that they mispronounced his name, they just decided to not respect Rutgers
it's only a matter of time before the character of Frank Underwood *actually* takes over Kevin Spacey, followed by a brutal and successful bid for the presidency
There were a lot of upset people earlier about a targeting call where Bosa got thrown (it was the right call IMO)
wow those battlefrog commercials are bad
I'm okay with this, but personally I would have wanted a shutout so this game would have wound up being a commercial for Rutgers
