&gt; "but big government is bad."  I bet he doesn't want cuts to police or defense spending, though.
As I said the first time this was posted, Bernie is clearly the guy for unions. They question is, are they actually going to back him, or are they going to sit on the fence and play coy until they're stuck with Hillary, then settle for endorsing her because she's the Democrat even though she won't do much for labor?  Organized labor, of all people, should NOT have to be convinced to get political in its own best interests! And if they do, something is seriously rotten in Denmark.
&gt; Liberalism, in practice, isn't that open minded.  Liberalism IS open minded. The people you're talking about, though they're called "liberals", have abandoned liberalism.
Republicans already know they don't trust Hillary, they don't need us to tell them that.  I think what they need to know about Bernie is (a) how trustworthy he is, and (b) how his policies will genuinely help working and middle class folks without killing jobs, punishing hard workers, or wasting tax dollars.
&gt; My gen (y) in general is the definition of 'zero fucks given'.  Bernie's a good cure for being all out of fucks.
He's underfunded and lacks name recognition compared to Hillary, but he also has a lot of existing grassroots supporters (which is partly why he's drawing huge crowds and getting so many volunteers and so many donations this early in his campaign) and his positions on the issues poll _very_ well. And people love his authenticity and no-bullshit, issues-focused attitude.  We don't know for sure how big his shot is, but he definitely has a shot. But we're gonna need to work for it, too.
&gt; How many times has Warren's public trashes of Bankers have made it to mainstream news? A shit ton. How many of Bernie's? I can hardly remember the last one.  So bitch to the mainstream news. Or pay more attention.  &gt; Warren became more of a household name because of her videos, Bernie was unknown until he decided to peak interest in running...  I knew Bernie before I knew Warren, and I'm not the only one. Just because your special snowflake self had never heard of him doesn't mean he wasn't significant.
&gt; Instead, I think he can build grassroots movements within these groups.  How likely do you think blacks are to be energized by a white man calling for grassroots organizing? It always seems to me like minority groups, blacks in particular, dismiss activism that doesn't directly speak to their racial identity.
You can say "sorry" all you want, but it won't make you right.
&gt; They are our version of the Tea Party and I've had about enough of them.  You, me, and a lot of other people who still remember what liberalism and the left are supposed to be. We've been carrying these faux-liberal idiots for years and it's time we finally started bucking.
&gt; You personally don't owe black people anything, the US Government does.  Did the US government own slaves? I was not aware of that.  &gt; I prefer more modern ideals than the ones of a so called benevolent slaveholder  You should not be so quick to discount Jefferson simply because he owned slaves. He had some interesting things to say about property. Among them:  &gt; Whenever there is in any country, uncultivated lands and unemployed poor, it is clear that the laws of property have been so far extended as to violate natural right. The earth is given as a common stock for man to labour and live on. If, for the encouragement of industry we allow it to be appropriated, we must take care that other employment be furnished to those excluded from the appropriation. If we do not the fundamental right to labour the earth returns to the unemployed. It is too soon yet in our country to say that every man who cannot find employment but who can find uncultivated land, shall be at liberty to cultivate it, paying a moderate rent. But it is not too soon to provide by every possible means that as few as possible shall be without a little portion of land.  If we understand "land" to mean "the means to self-sufficiency", roughly "stock" or "productive capital" in the modern age, this sentiment is practically socialist. It doesn't go as far as Paine does in _Agrarian Justice_, of course, but it is a fine set of liberal ideals that hold up well today.
Stop taking it? There's nothing to stop taking - Republican voters aren't getting shit. You mean that they should stop voting for Republican politicians who take that money. And if you tell them that, they'll tell you that Democrats need to stop electing Democratic politicians who take that money, and you'll both be right.
Libertarianism is its own religion. Its tenets don't hold up under scrutiny.
You know, some of the Republican voters keep electing Republicans because the best alternative we can offer them is the lying Democrat sellouts we keep voting for. Some Republican voters would actually go for Sanders over the GOP clown car.
&gt; I don't think this is nearly as simple as you're making it out to be man  No, it's not. But I don't have all day.  &gt; I'm also definitely not looking to start up an argument here either.  Yeah, I don't want a fight. I just want to be heard. This shit is perverse and it's tiring.  &gt; What I am trying to say is that Black America is no more monolithic than White America is, and that the constant appeals otherwise end up trying to speak to this weird caricature of "black society".  I get that. People don't want to be spokespeople for their whole race. But just because societies aren't monoliths doesn't mean they don't have differences in common, you know? The Japanese aren't a monolith, but Japan is very obviously different from America. Germans aren't a monolith, but Germany is different from America. Black people (or Asians or Hispanics or East Indians or whatever) aren't a monolith, but obviously they have their own cultural heritage.  I mean, take for example the black post-WWII experience that the article (I think) mentioned. How whites had all this prosperity but blacks still faced systemic racism and poverty. That's an important difference that affected large parts of black society and I guarantee there are black people who are keenly aware of that difference and it colors (pun not intended) their view of America.  &gt; He doesn't need a special "Black folks" platform so much as to make clear that these issues are all of our issues.  I don't want Bernie to have a special "black folks" platform. And yet there's a black person in this thread (who also doesn't want a special "black folks" platform) affirming that black progressives will have to make the case for Bernie to black communities. Meaning that yes, there's some value in his campaign reaching out to those progressives somehow. So it's not as simple as you're making it out to be either.
No.
&gt; Sanders is even more so on that line, and there is a deep resistance to this idea entrenched in America.  There's a deep resistance to this idea entrenched in the right wing media, which manufactures its opinions. There's a deep resistance to the idea of paying more taxes to help unemployed people because of the false perception that they're just lazy. There was a deep resistance to anything Obama did or said because they thought he was a slick hustler.  But good, honest jobs building and fixing things? Better wages for working people? More payback for seniors who spent their lives working and paying into Social Security? The only thing that stands between a lot of real, actual right-wing voters and those ideas is distrust of the government.  I... I need to make a new post or something. I'm seeing a lot of Republican-bashing going on in here, and it's not productive.
I share dolphins3's position. Like the DHS or not, it doesn't make sense to just pull the plug. If you want to dismantle it, then dismantle it, but until something else is in place to replace it, it serves vital functions and needs to keep running.
If the poor would all just run for president, they could be rich too. See? Lazy!
&gt; I'm not quite on board with public funding of elections, at least yet. I understand campaign finance reform via McCutcheon and Citizens United, but I would also want to reward politicians who can rally people for small donations.   Has Bernie announced that he's supporting a public financing bill or policy that would ban all political donations? Because there's no reason you can't have the two coexist. Just get rid of Super PACs, maybe trim down the amount that individuals can donate (or don't, a few $k is hardly $$Big Money$$, although it's probably a little rich for most people), et voila.  &gt; He often mentions the women paid 78 cents for every dollar men make. From what I've seen there are a large number of variables included with that such as hours worked, experience, and negotiation.  And job.  It's not an apples to apples comparison. If you took fifty male executives and fifty of their female secretaries and compared them, then of course you'd get a huge gap. But it's not because the secretaries suffer from sexual discrimination, it's because they have lower paying jobs.  In general, women tend to pursue lower-paying jobs and careers. At the low end they'd rather be a Walmart checker than hang drywall or haul garbage. At the middle to upper end they prefer easier careers with more work/life flexibility, benefits, and creature comforts, and they're more likely to take time off to have kids (apparently birth control was NOT the great liberator, because women want to "have it all") or simply retire after a decade in the field and become housewives/soccer moms depending on a male breadwinner.  That's on top of differences in education, hours worked, etc.  Feminists say "but that's exactly the problem, women are taking lower-paying jobs." Well, then stop. These are women's own life choices, freely made. They are not barred from any educational pursuit or any career. The massively overhyped STEM fields that we are literally paying women to study actually prefer female candidates when hiring. There is clear and documented bias _in favor of women_ in these fields, and all the feminists can say in retort is that they're too intimidated to enter because some crazy genius who _landed a robot on a freaking comet_ once wore a tacky shirt with bikini girls on it.  Eliminate the confounding variables and the gap drops to single digits. Is that tiny gap proof of actual sexism? Is it women's unwillingness to negotiate for better pay and promotions? _Nobody knows what it is._ It's certainly not clear that any legislation that merely reiterates the 40-year-old Equal Pay Act - yes, the gender wage gap was actually addressed before some of us were even born! - would change it by a single cent.  And when you get away from the aggregates, you find that gaps in different careers vary. Sometimes, there is a male bias in a given career. Sometimes, there is a _female_ bias. Single women under 30 actually make something like 115% of what single men under 30 make. Why? I can only speculate, but I suspect it has to do with 60% of college students being women - a ratio that no one complains about, but which would draw howls of protest if it were reversed.  &gt; With regards to decreasing military spending. I'm hardly the most gungho military person. I do want to see some smart cuts, and I know he led the effort to audit the Pentagon. However, from what I understand the US has the strongest military today because of choices made 20 or 30 years ago. Military is sort of a long range thing to plan out to maintain superior strength.   Do you wish to invade and conquer other countries? If your answer is "no", then we only need a military sufficient for homeland defense and surgical operations, and we can do that at a substantial reduction in spending, even if we keep the weapons development programs. We can also extend Pax Americana through non-military means, such as multilateral diplomacy and coalitions with regional forces - which is exactly how Bernie wants to address ISIS.
I just wish it was Move to Amend's version he's backing. (As I recall, it explicitly states that corporations are not people and are not entitled to Constitutional rights intended for natural persons.)
Contacting your state legislators would certainly be a good first step. If you're supremely lucky they'll like your idea and just run with it. If not then you have to do the whole activist thing: organize around the issue, reach out to the public, get a petition going, etc. to show that there's public support.
&gt; this idea of compulsory ANYTHING in america irks me  Kids hate compulsory room cleaning, but we still make them do it.  If most people did their civic duty by voting, there would be no need to force them. But no, we get elections where less than half the voters show up. That's a problem.  You're telling us you can't explain to your kids why they have to participate in their own democracy?
What a wonderfully paranoid worldview...
I oppose partisan censorship.
&gt; I think we just have a philosophical disagreement on if an artificial entity should be guaranteed rights like the people that manage it. Without guaranteed rights, Congress would be allowed to censor or deny legal council to a corporation, and I believe that's wrong.  We can extend them certain rights without granting personhood.  &gt; I believe the issue is not corporate personhood because corporations and people can already be regulated differently.  But they often can't. For decades, corporations have successfully used the Equal Protection clause to get courts to treat them as people.  &gt; Citizens United simply ruled that any entity (or person) can collect and spend unlimited money independently of an official campaign.  You're repeating your arguments. Go back and reread mine. I have described the problems with Citizens United (and similar earlier rulings, like Buckley v. Valeo) and how to fix those problems without compromising the First Amendment by placing arbitrary limits on political speech.
&gt; Someone tell me more about this 'left wing.' I think I want to go there.  It was called the center 50 years ago.
My response:  You do realize you’re pushing rope here, don’t you?  The basic problem is that employers don’t want to hire people without college degrees, so in order to get a job, you have to have a college degree (and pay whatever that costs). I think, and it seems you would agree, that employers place too much value in college degrees.  But HOW DO YOU MAKE THEM STOP?  I think your “make college degree a protected status” notion is farcially naive. Maybe, MAYBE that would work for the lowest-end jobs. But many jobs out there require, or at least benefit from, some relevant (I said relevant!) training. If I’m going to hire an engineer, I damn well want to make sure that he has an engineering degree. Are you going to maintain a great master list of employers who are allowed to ask for degrees? And college has replaced high school as the basic proof that its product is at least minimally able to read, write, think, show up on time, and not wear their pants on their head. (Which may merely indicate that many employers no longer remember college.) No matter what you do about the “some jobs need college” problem, employers who still want that reassurance that the candidate they’re interviewing isn’t a pantshead will find ways to get around it or encourage voluntary disclosure to an extent that makes the ban worthless. Like this:  “So, what are your qualifications for this position at Impressive, Inc?”   “Uh…”   “I see from your employment history that you were minimally employed during a characteristic 4-year-period. What were you doing at that time?”   “Well…”  Then there’s the other half of the problem: to actually realize the cost savings from reduced education, you have to stop kids from going to college. And of course by reducing attendance you’re reducing class choice and flexibility because colleges have to drop their less popular classes to save money, etc, etc. – but never mind those because they were obviously artifacts of inefficient spending anyway. (No one needs a whole class on the cultural influence of Asian-American beatnik poets.) The real question is if we still have a society where employers want college graduates and people stop going to college, HOW WILL THOSE PEOPLE GET JOBS?  Yes, the reduction in available graduates will have some effect on employer expectations, eventually. But in the meantime you have people who are unemployed, careening uncontrollably toward extreme poverty and homelessness, and still strongly incentivised to get a college education by any means possible (because those who have them will escape this trap). Will you be providing these heroic non-degreed folks with free housing, food, utilities, clothing, retirement funds, and spending money so they can actually go out and participate in society as though they were really functional members of the economy instead of disenfranchised outsiders?
&gt; Please express this sentiment anytime you see anyone doing this.  It gets tiring really fast. I can't go around being the Tolerance Police for liberals (and in fairness, there are plenty of conservative trolls, shills, and general assholes on the internet that don't extend us the same consideration, either). Maybe we can write something up and make it a sticky?
That left is not this left.
Vote Republican. Because, at that point, fuck the Democrats.
Judging from his schedule, he's focusing super-hard on early primary states - and since wins there will seriously boost his signal and credibility, and he needs to spend campaign money wisely, I think he's right to do so. South Carolina and Nevada will have to wait their turn just like the rest of us.
The Grim Reaper's gonna do a lot of that for us when he shuffles off the last of the Boomers.
How would you like to elect a President who's not a liar or a crook?
Unions seem to be afraid to rock any boats. I welcome their support, if they're inclined to give it, but don't look to them for revolutionary leadership.
&gt; Bernie can win the educated white voters running on populism, however he needs to address prison reform, discuss his Civil Rights Movement past, and talk about police brutality to win over an increasing voting demographic.  Because minorities don't want jobs, higher wages, free college and healthcare, or a government that represents them?  &gt; Hillary's downfall in 2008 was that she was pinned as the white workers candidate and did too little in regards to minorities.  Hillary's downfall in 2008 was that she sucks. She still sucks.
&gt; having a woman as president would be a huge step forward for this country.  Not really.  The fact that she's running at all, that she's allowed to run, that she's the _presumptive nominee_ and receiving corporate funding (i.e. seen as credible and capable) is the big step, and we've already taken it as a country.  Electing her would only be a symbolic victory for women's rights, and actually having her in office would probably be a step back for this country.  Look at Obama's election: was that a huge step forward for racial equality?
Just because you've heard his basic message enough that it starts sounding canned doesn't mean that all the interviewers' audiences have heard it yet. He doesn't need to change a thing, and he'll be able to stretch out a bit in the debates when he's asked a variety of questions (pity about the abbreviated debate schedule, though).
&gt; they want to build an alternative party  But they will only consent to proceed toward their desired outcome by a path that almost always fails.  Bernie Sanders is the greatest thing they could have hoped for, short of an actual miracle, to bring credibility to socialism and open a space for third parties, and he's even sacrificing his own political effectiveness to do it by refusing big money donors, and that's still not good enough for them - _that_ is ideological fundamentalism.
I hope a ham sandwich runs for the GOP nod, so we can see Rick Santorum and Donald Trump try to appear more presidential than a beloved lunchtime staple.
The wealthy elite commit violence against the poor every day. Why should they receive none in return?
We need to invent a kind of jail for corporations. Forbid them from doing business of any kind for a period of time. Oh, would that put them out of business? Aww. Discorporate them!  If that seems too extreme, how about compulsorily turning a percentage of the company over to public ownership? Play nice and you're free to run your own affairs as you see fit; break the rules and get nationalized.
Amnesty just means forgiving someone for a crime. In itself, it wouldn't make illegal immigrants citizens; it might not even make them legal residents per se. All it would do is protect them from incarceration and deportation for illegally entering the country.  I think a lot of people would like to hear more specifics about how Bernie's "path to citizenship" would work, but it sounds to me like a more comprehensive plan than mere amnesty.
She can't win.  If she doesn't talk, she's accused of being disinterested.   If she tells us what we want to hear, she's accused of pandering.   If she tells us what we don't want to hear, it'll wreck her rating.  Don't really feel sorry for her, though. She made her bed: king-sized, plush, and stuffed with bribes.
If minorities pick a pandering corporate tool over someone who genuinely fights for the working class, they'll deserve what they get.
&gt; Actual social ownership would be a disaster due to the tragedy of the commons.  Real commons don't have tragedies; they have stewardship. Common ownership tends to discourage stupid, selfish assholes, not encourage them.  &gt; What would happen instead is that the state would own everything  _We The People_ are the state, genius. The state is us. It's not a foreign dictator, it's not an alien invader, it's us. That was the whole point of the American Revolution.  &gt; At least with corporations, there's no gun to your head.  Sure there is. Who do you think the police work for? Who do you think the security forces would work for if there was no state?
A lot of people liked NAFTA because they didn't know any better.  Some of them know better now.
So he wants to send them to college, raise their wages, create new jobs, provide them with socialized healthcare and strengthen their democratic voice, plus he's one of the only honest people in Washington - and they're gonna throw a hissy fit and take their ball home if he doesn't give them their own special political handjob?  Unforgivable.
It will be a big thing if the Clinton campaign chooses to make it one, and if feminists bite. But I don't know if they're gonna push that; the risk of blowback is pretty high.
&gt; If we try to complain about the alarming domestic violence statistics and the fact that it is a crime that overwhelmingly is perpetrated against women  Mmm, but it isn't. Men and women commit and suffer from domestic violence at approximately equal rates.  &gt; ...at least one man will rush into the discussion to remind us that men can be victims of domestic violence too so let's all talk about that instead.  You mean that they'll rush into the discussion to remind you that men can be (and are) victims of domestic violence too _so "sexism" is not the correct framework through which to view the issue._  &gt; Many if not most discussions of women's issues outside of dedicated safe spaces are hijacked by men  A conversation that unfairly maligns men and propagates lies and half-truths is a conversation that merits derailing.  &gt; We are surrounded by people yelling "not all men!" every time we try  ...to make unfair, sweeping generalizations?  &gt; we know that not all men are abusers/rapists/harassers but the fact remains that most abusers/rapists/harassers/etc ARE men. That's not hyperbole or a guess, that's backed by a ton of crime statistics.  Unreliable crime statistics, arrived at by limiting the data collected in support of a narrative. Credible studies are showing that female-on-male rape and sexual assault are far more frequent than popularly believed.  &gt; the discrimination against women specifically in science is one that needs to be discussed because it is systemic, entrenched, and is seriously holding us back scientifically.  Begging the question a bit, isn't it?
