God, I'd hope not!
Everyone should have interest in Brandon Saad. The Penguins could have had him!
Dominate the Garden State.
That would certainly be my guess.
I'm by no means anti-police but if you're talking about incriminating yourself, there's nothing smart about making their job easier. The burden of proof lies on them.
The starters were still pretty good that year. I think people forget Penn state was a 1 loss (to Alabama) team before the scandal broke in November '11.
Idea I thought of when I was a student who didn't love other students coming late to less important home games: a rewards program wherein you get higher priority for tickets the following year if you get to more games and at the appropriate time. The "best" fans then don't get left out when the student tickets sell out.
This is always my example for how one player is not larger than the franchise.
Huge for them. Kid is a stud. He'll be fun to watch the next few years.
Maybe Ian Cole for Robert Bortuzzo. See what the kid has.
Fingers crossed that they can get it done!
Correct. They could certainly use his size too.
4 D lineman in 8 days. Sheesh!
There's a nut that thinks that (edit: he's not an alum and has no ties to Penn State, he's just trying to make a name for himself) and a few people that agree with him. I'd prefer Sandusky was hung for that shit. That doest change the fact that the NCAA overstep their purview and tried to make an example of Penn State while leaning on the Freeh report that holds as much water as a colander.
Except every time that it's challenged, the party holding it up as a source settles or folds. The NCAA knows it's trash as much as anyone.
My god. Shame on you if you turned this game off.
That's exactly what it is.
I'm thankful for his contributions but he's just getting overtaken by the young talent. Good luck to him.
I think he did play the next game but he got some national media attention with some comments he made about being careful, especially when you're young. I thought it was a good start to a discussion about concussion care.
That game set college football back ten years.
I also think renovation is much more likely. They just spent $10 million on new scoreboards and the luxury box side is pretty fresh. The press box is ancient though. The facilities in the grandstands (concessions/bathrooms) are nice but when you get down to the lower bowl they're really spotty. That is the sort of thing that could use a major overhaul.
Boo. I love Big Ten hockey so far. I did wonder if they'd add teams for hockey only in the future. For example, the Big Ten sponsors lacrosse now, with Johns Hopkins being lacrosse only.
Pitt has FANTASTIC players but in the comparison game, PSU suffers from their stars being at positions that aren't as sexy. All in all, I think it's pretty darn even. Larry Fitz looks a lot cooler streaking down the field with his hair flowing than Tamba Hali does making a tackle.
I would think the PSU coaches are assuming Nordin is going to go to Michigan.
I expect "ahem" some hostility next year.
I want both to be good and stable for a healthy rivalry. The teams had damned similar seasons last year - beating all the teams they were supposed to and losing to all the teams they were supposed to, including some nationally elite teams. Both lost bowl games.  I've just grown tired of the narrative where Pitt is on the rise and Penn State is a sinking ship. They are very, very similar right now.
I mean, it doesn't look great, but IMO, it was worth a gamble. If even one guy had said yes it would have been well worth any of the negative attention.
We should fire John Donovan.
sta7ic will likely point out that those guys aren't "real reporters," just bloggers, and he'd be correct, but your point about their implications holds true, especially when these guys are in direct contact with recruits. I think it would be unprofessional for a recruiting blogger to insinuate things like that to 17 year old kids, but I'm also not naive enough to believe it doesn't happen, regardless of team.
Hack's on the field contributions will always be second in my mind after his off the field contributions. Lots of people bitching about 7 wins would be hoping for a third or fourth by season's end without him, I'm convinced.
Anthony Morelli? If I could reach through the internet to fight one person, it would be you.
I will never forgive them for 2008.   Also, when I was five in 1993, I got aggravated that Penn State was playing the Steelers and wouldn't watch, I'm told.
I can't throw all the blame on him. No one that ever stepped foot in State College thought higher of himself than Anthony Morelli. That kind of attitude is not what you need to be successful.
I'd feel much better about it if it was week 4. So early in the season is a big question mark.
I disagree. (Edit: To the slap on the wrist part, I agree that Baylor will not get the death penalty) Allowing all players to transfer without having to sit is easily forgotten because not many people left, even though the guys that left were the top RB, WR, and K, but that was still a strong punishment. $60 million in fines (roughly equal to a year of football revenue, few businesses could survive losing an entire year of revenue), bowl bans, and scholarship reductions all existed even after the NCAA backpedaled. That is all outside the fact that the NCAA only ended up removing the consent decree because they were about to be publicly raked over the coals in an antitrust lawsuit with the State of Pennsylvania.
I don't think everyone agrees, but I really loved those baby blues from the Winter Classic.    The Pittsburgh Gold ones are the absolute best though.
I expected exactly that kind of response from Sullivan.
I wondered that as well. I think I remember seeing something a few years ago about people that would wear them that way because they know the TV camera is back there. Seems ridiculous to me though.
I also hear that he cheats at faceoffs.
What a pleasant change from last year. They would have ended up the #1 lottery team if they had that same slate.
If summoning a beast from the depths of hell is what it takes to win the Cup, you bet that Sid would be out there doing the summoning dance.
IF IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ICING, IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME.
Yes. Please so much yes. Also, the goalie masks would just be incredible.
YOU SAY THAT LIKE IT'S A BAD THING.     FORMER PITTSBURGH STEELER TOMMY MADDOX IS THE 15 YEAR REIGNING XFL MVP. I DON'T FORGET.
Sounds like a good strategery.
I watched the one they did last year at the NBA finals earlier today and was pretty disappointed so my expectations were low.
It's way better when he's not ripping your heart out and instead ripping out the heart of your opposition.
Whether you think he was pure as an angel or guilty as the devil, I think there's an appropriate argument that can be made for the "unjustly reacted too fast" in the firing, especially when you consider that Spanier, Shultz and Curley were retained and even defended by the University for a little while.     There was a lot of media outrage and the firing was a way that the Board could alleviate some of the outside pressure.
I believe the Rings are cut and flattened for display.
Not a huge deal but you have Paterno with 2 conference championships and it should be 3 (1994, 2005, 2008) and also with 3 National Championships when it is usually stated as only 2 (unless you are counting 1994, and that is very kind, but not typically counted).
