Oh hey there fellow 60s.
Save it for when you will need it. You will know when the time comes.  These flipcards are extremely rare, but very powerful.
The best part of ACBB is that it can be diluted to hell and back and still be a rich black with a green tone.
Or "only ketchup" which imho is just as bad as plain.
Fucking campers.
But every organic chemist can fap to [this](http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/introduction-to-chemistry-general-organic-and-biological/section_16/2ec91bbf743862995e7463c78beb8835.jpg) NSFW?
The ultimate orgy of organic bonding.
And even better, it shows up to work within +/- 15 minutes of its scheduled shift on a regular basis.
Watch_Dogs was actually playable.
How could you resist a surprise belly rub?
Very nice pens.  The coloring on the pen body does have a tendency to chip/wear off (mainly at the ends).     Also, consider avoiding lamy's EF nibs.  I have a few Ms and Fs, and I have love[d] every single one, but I have yet to find a EF that works consistently well.
Ill give you a hint.  Cocks.  Cocks fucking everywhere.
This is the only correct answer.
Yes, although there is next to zero enforcement of this policy.
If anything, this was the most surprising part of the study.
And you can marry yourself, be your own children, and reap the tax benefits.
Even if they only included the calculus sequence and physics, it would still make a huge difference for those near the fence.
The renovation/expansion of the student center is a necessity that can not be delayed much longer.   Every single service that is offered there is overwhelmed and struggling to provide for our current student body.    I do not think it's unfair to increase student fees to cover the project after it is already completed.  And numerous other colleges have followed a similar process as GT regarding their student commons projects.
Looks like OP is just pointing out that his local rail transit line has cars designed for cyclists, which is pretty damn awesome compared to standing with your bike in a luggage/wheelchair bay (cough cough atlanta).
The Pilot Caviler is similar in length to a VP, but almost as narrow as a pencil IMHO.
Qi is horribly inefficient, and as such, you would probably end up draining both phones before getting a meaninful charge transferred.
It's nowhere near as vibrant as some Noodler's inks, but it remains a less atrocious ink than Lamy Blue IMHO.
Websites have become easier to use over the past decade (IMHO), and sites such as pcpartpicker now exist to simplify the process of buying.   Around the late 2000s, we saw a huge trend of moving components formerly on PCI expansion boards onto the  motherboard, reducing the number of components. And renember in the p4 days, we had some OEMs try out crazy form factors, making upgrades more of a hassle.   We have it ridiculously easy compared to the 1990s.  Also, driver setup has improved tremendously since windows Vista/XP.
And if all of your friends are in different majors, you will likely never see them again.
MARTA is a waste of sales tax.
Spare parts?   Ultegra/DA Di2 drivetrain?   You own a bike shop or something?
Because they can.  You either pay what they want, or find somewhere else to buy them
Solution: add more u-locks.
Especially Cobb county.   Make Atlanta Traffic great again.
Welcome to traffic hell.
Let's help make 11-23 corncobs great again.
&gt;Should I go live it up in Mexico or prioritize my academics?  You are at Tech.  You worked hard to get here, and you pay a lot of money to stay here.  Only one choice is obviously the tight answer, and it's not the first.
10/10 creative twist on the overused Jackson Street bridge spot.
The issue is uncommon enough where anyone could belive that "It won't happen to me"  Plus, I picked up a few bottles, including this one, at just over $6 each from a retailler's closeout sale.
Yeah sometimes you get those who are inexperienced cyclists struggling to maintain a decent pace.  What annoys me most is when those people get flat tires, and can't even tell me their tire size so I can get an approriate spare tube and help them back up.
Are you trying to imply that all men can't get pregnant?
The decision to skimp out on RAM really seems to be one of the biggest problems for me.  Apps almost always have to reload if I swap between two, and very long freezes are common.
This is a repost of a question asked earlier today, but summarizing.   Most incidents involving fatalities are close to takeoff or landing, in which case parachutes would be useless.    Accidents involving high altitudes would involve jumping from a fast moving plane at high altitude.     It's likely that passengers would pass out either before jumping or mid-jump and not survive.   The weight penalty of a hundred parachutes is huge, and would dramatically increase ticket prices.
The SAT and ACT are more of a test of one's ability to think rather than a test of learning, and are not tailored for the needs of an individual school district/state.  State tests are often highly customized to test performance with regards to a set of standards set by the district/state, and give decent feedback about how well students learned those skills over the year.
Not every single bus stop has the space or need for a full-sized shelter (and some of that is due to our shit sidewalks), and they do cost money to build.   While I agree there are many stops that do desperately need a bus shelter, its just not feasible to put one on every single stop.
You monster.
And what about the Muslims who are terrorists.   And people's of colours whose lives don't matter because they will make nothing out of it?  Don't tell us what we can and can't do.
Can't believe someone would actually do that.
Can't say I agree too much about 17th between peachtree and Atlantic.  At least when I pass by, the bike lanes are rarely obstructed.   But then again, we also have the dedicated bus lane for a lot of the lenght, which (unless being violated) is often a quick way around someone parked on the bike lane
&gt; with an expected 20 year life span  Got a citation on that?   I'm actually curious here.
Getting an ID isn't free.   The total cost of getting an ID can also be disporportioanlly high for those in lower income situations, which tends to mean blacks.
All very-low income people can potentially be affected by voter ID laws.
&gt; They're slippery as hell when wet.  They are slippery as hell when dry as well.   If you are on a bike on a road where there are dozens of these steel plates in a row, and a car stops in front of you, you're fucked.   In my experience, its almost impossible to make significant turns or apply brakes on them..
Perhaps it's a personal reflection of how you feel.   Do you ever feel that you are in situations where you can't take control or do something?   Even if you don't consciously acknowledge that feeling, it could be manifesting in your dream.
Given how close it is to the end of the month, I would suggest buying a block of 20 trips (discounted at $42.50 vs $50) and then finding a student to purchase a discounted monthly pass
