The vile apostrophe pollutes all
Dresden would have hired Kincaid to shoot him in the head the day before the fight.   Dresden doesn't need to dick around with expelearmus
And the bank can pay you restitution for their fuckup, or the yard guys can pay.  Its not like they mowed the lawn, they did permanent damage to features of the landscape.
YOU CANNOT DISAGREE WITH MY "BOWEL MOVEMENT"  IT IS THE ONE TRUE MOVEMENT!!
DONT LISTEN TO THOSE YELLOW RUNNING DOG LACKEYS OF THE PROLETOILET
I think blowing g up the moon is the first sentence,  so not much
An overreaction to the poster family of hypocrisy who this all molesters should be killed,  who's son had a job as head of a nationals organization spreading propaganda that gays are child molesters, while his dad covered it up and let it go on for 3+ more years and 4 more kids that we know about?  And then none of them got any proper counseling because jeebus? When the jackals es make it all about God forgiving them,  and not a fucking thought to the actual victims?  No,  it's not overblown.
Given time, yes.
Hes not even that fluffy for a samoyed.
More crippling than than circumcising boys, or getting infants ears pierced, but same basic idea.
fuck em, couter with 1$ less
Any movie that has Bruce Campbell in it is by definition a good movie.
Mom is obviously  trying to do something shady,  or she would get the license herself.
Then your mom should take the damn licensing class and get the license and access herself,  and then get you to translate if that all she really wants.   Your mom is doing something g shady, , and settings g you up to take all the risks.   I guarantee  your if you do this 2 years from now you'll be doing an ama about what it's like to be a felon in Canada
Your mom is pressuring you to commit fraud by exporting you.   Are there other family members you could go to?   Conversely,  I ft his is all legal,  have her write up her proposal,  sign it,  and you can take it to the states attorney general or real estate licensing people and give her proposal to them to ask about the legality.   If it's all as above board as she's saying, then there should be no problem,  right?    THIS IS HOW PEOPLE GO TO JAIL.
You are coming out on the short end of the deal,  and your mom is screws g you.   Talk to the rest of the family.
Yeah.   I'm willing to bet if they had just lowered it it would have blown over.
It is if you an irishman in 1845.    /too soon?
They can participate the same damned way coca cola, Exxon, the boy scouts, or my book club can.
Sounds like someone need to be deported.
I think it grew out of that "I can count to potato" meme, as applied to video.
Ah, that's a better explanation, I thought it was foam padding
We have those forms.  It's called "marriage".  Fuck these people, they can make up their own Jesus name for their screwy stuff.
Sorry.  I disagree.  People have been forming partnerships and families long before the Jesus freaks got involved.  And no, were not going to change then name to suit these bigots.
Bullshit.  It's Spain, not the moon.  Your kid is sick, you go to a goddamned hospital, you don't rub fruit on him.   Edit, my bad, thought he meant the parents
Send clowns with 500k to buy more beer.  Pocket rest of cash.  Sit on mountain of beer with clowns and drink beer.  Don't need to do anything else, those Olympics are already going to be a complete shitshow.
Anyone who's spouting Ayn Rand bullshit.  GROWNUPS ARE TALKING, NOW HUSH AND GO READ A REAL BOOK.
I never thought of them as fantasy, but that's fair.  They get more interesting in wizard and demon.  The first one is a more or less wilderness adventure first contact story.  The second two get more interesting and more bizarre, as things evolve and fall apart.  I loved them, but its more about characters than about sci Fi.
No, its when he runs out of money to bet again
It's easy.  They are being lied to for someone else's gain.
There's no point in talking to him.  I would either avoid or ignore him or openly mock him by interrupting him by telling he is 100% correct and asking that he bestow more wisdom on you.  Or something, find your own style.  Maybe question him about the proper way to slaughter innocents, or demand guidance on some of the other hypocritical points in the bible or something.
They are not vandals.  They are freeing the Phoenix goat.  LONG LIVE PHOENIX GOAT!!
I'm guessing there's an armed robbery at 8th and T.  :)
Yeah, but would you want to live in Saudi?
When you meet one asshole a day, you met an asshole.  When everyone you meet is an asshole, you're the asshole.
This assumes the guy can read
You are not far off.  He likes to create fantastic environments and then dump barbarians into them.
Because metro is always a clusterfuck.
Cryptonomicon is essentially  a story set in present day, with a alternative reality going back to WW2 dealing with cryptography.  Very true to reality, if created history.  The man knows history, and math, and it shows.   It follows a slightly fictional history of cryptography through different family members in different timelines, in different areas.  think bletchely park, south pacific, other places, and modern bitcoins and civil rights issues. I greatly enjoyed it, and think I learned a lot along the way.  Although I am sure someone will come in and explain how I am wrong, it is a few years since  i read the book.  Oh, and he cant end a story properly.  But its great up till then, and the endings are "okish" but not quite what you were hoping for.  My favorites by him are snow crash, which remeber was written pre virtual realtiy and google earth, diamond age, zodiac was a fun read, the big u was shall we say, not his best work, I loved seveneves,  COuldnt get past the frogs in the baroque cycle, and have a few more to tackle.  Oh, and his in the beginning there was the command line is a good read if you are into computers.  Good or bad, I have always learned stuff from him in an entertaining way.
Dude, fuck it.  If it works, get a DNA check before having kids, other than that dont fuck up something good over cultural nonsense.
Fuck this.  I hate pork. Bacon and sausage are fine. Pork sucks. Not muslem
Yeah, this HOA sounds insane
Only if its an exact copy.  Bigger smaller or partial copying is fine I believe.
I think baptists and a few other protestans are big on the hole body dunking.  More magic water on you that way.  Need to get the sins around the privates washed too.
You should really start that paragraph off with "I'm not racist, but..."
"The futuristic looks are definitely right up his alley."  I think you are hanging out in the wrong alleys.
You have convinced me that it is pointless to continue this discussion.  Congrats, you win!
Did you miss the part where he reaches in the car and grabs him?  And you are not calling the cops for this, you are calling the cops because hes a dangerously deluded paranoid with tendencies to violence.
Thats not a "union" problem, its a societal problem.  People dont like their friends to get into trouble.
No.  Someone had to say it.  But you should totally read his books, they're fantastic.
