No, it shouldn't happen.
Chris Pronger should have won the Conn Smythe in both 2006 and 2007.
&gt; You can't let guys get away with infractions because you're trying to even up the calls      100% agree. Game management is ridiculous. I don't care if they let calls go, as long as they call it evenly both ways.      &gt; or just decide to put your whistle away for a game and "let them play". That's when guys take matters into their own hands.      Disagree. When the refs tend to "let them play" is usually times like playoff overtime, when nobody is stupid enough to do something like "take matters into their own hands", because nobody wants to be the guy who took an overtime penalty in a playoff game.      &gt; There's nothing about hockey as a game that means people somehow get inherently more emotional and unable to control themselves.      I think there is. It's a small playing surface, it's completely enclosed with no escape for the players or for the momentum, the game is played at tremendous speeds, the energy expended is more than any other team sport, collisions are unavoidable, play is generally continuous and can build into a crescendo as opposed to the NFL or MLB where it's done in segments, every second of every game is a constant puck battle which means there are countless instances of direct competition/conflict, etc. The NHL is a perfect storm for rising testosterone to require an outlet.      &gt; Fights in hockey are significantly more dangerous than other sports exactly because of the poor footing and ice surface.      I guess I'd have to disagree with you based on my belief that the more dangerous part of the fight tends to be the actual fight rather than the surface they're standing on.
I think the real problem starts with L and rhymes with Puka Sbisa.
&gt; Hasek meanwhile (around the same age) lost his starting job to a late 30's Chris Osgoode.      Hasek was 43 when this happened, and he's a goalie who relies on raw athleticism.      &gt; Also there was less talent in the NHL during the Buffalo Sabres years, for example that Dallas Stars team they lost to wasn't incredibly stacked or anything.      What? Yes it was... that was a powerhouse team. Did you watch hockey back then?      &gt; I think when comparing the two's accomplishments when talking about the Stanley Cup Brodeur is more accomplished.      You're alone there. Hasek did way more with way less. The 1998 and 1999 Sabres teams would have been lottery teams without the Dominator. At his peak he was the best goalie in history. Brodeur was an above average netminder with a great secondary skill.
You can't teach vision.
&gt; And I'll take back stopping 3 Stanley Cups over 1 any day of the week.      Corey Crawford over Ed Belfour then?      &gt; Brodeur beat Detroit/Dallas and took Colorado to 7.      Lemaire beat Detroit, team defense beat Dallas. If Buffalo took Dallas to seven, Hasek would have won the Smythe.      &gt; Brodeur simply has a resume that can't be matched.      I guess the only thing we're really disagreeing on is the importance of a resume without context.
To be fair, these days Shore would be in jail before he made it out of junior hockey.
Pillage the Norwegian league to get Mathis Olimb on defense
I predict you will build exactly one paratrooper unit in this game.
I foresee Finnish beer commercials in Teuvo's future.
Swedish Twins needs to be #1
Glenn Hall gets credit for it, but you're right, Roy made it popular
&gt; When 95% of this sub hates you, and you are so outnumbered in the comments, it is nice to be able to not see a negative article about us because we know before that popped up, everyone's hate for us was kinda subsided and we could come together in piece and enjoy hockey. As soon as something like that gets posted though, it just goes all down hill from there.      Nobody hates Coyotes fans. You only get comments from the outspoken vocal minority of assholes. And lately I've noticed that "lol just move already" comments get massively downvoted, so... mission accomplished.      &gt; I want them to have every correct article. Again, my point this entire time.      My understanding is that there is a lot of uncertainty surrounding the Coyotes, even to the experts. Lots of creative accounting and weird out clauses that even the most attentive hockey fans don't fully get. I'm not positive that we can definitively say what's correct with regards to the Coyotes.      I will say two things for sure, though. Bettman will not let the Coyotes relocate, so as long as he's in charge they are safe. And the team remaining in the Phoenix TV market is beneficial for the league.      Hockey purists want a team in Quebec City and they don't care where they get it from. People who understand the big picture business side of the game would prefer the team stay in Arizona.      I just wish they never moved out to Glendale.
You might not have won the Cup in 1993 if you didn't trade him. Butterfly effect!
Probably just hockey purists who want to stick with time honoured traditions such as the shootout
It would be a huge mistake to trade him. He wouldn't waive his ntc anyway.
He'll put up a point per game until January, helping cement a playoff spot for the Flames, and then he'll get hit with his head down by Ryan Suter while skating through center ice with the puck, beginning a long career of concussion/recovery cycle.
He has a permanent look on his face like he's about to invite you to an orgy in a German night club.
The '96 team had Yzerman and Fedorov in their primes, as well as Fetisov, Konstantinov, Larionov, Primeau, Coffey, Ciccarelli, etc. Way more stacked. By 2006, a lot of the core was pretty old, and Datsyuk/Zetterberg weren't world beaters quite yet. I think Datsyuk was still considered a playoff choker at that point. I really don't think it's close.
They were actually better with Shanahan and Murphy, but those are still some impressive players to have as spare parts
What a dumb comment.
I love you too but I think we should just stay friends
I see why Patrick Sharp married you!
I stand by my mistake
Are you trying to steal my job?
Yes it pisses me off that people are so confident in their ignorance      People like you elected George W. Bush
It's definitely a slow reader. Thick with information, not much filler. Maybe a little repetitive.
Ok, thanks for corroborating my suspicion. For a second there I thought I'd been watching too much House of Cards.
I wouldn't have pegged MacKinnon to be near the bottom of that group in acceleration
Obviously we need ridiculous titles
Reloads? Laaame
&gt; People who think it's great need to travel more.      To cities like Paris and London who have been developing their transit system for a hundred years?
Admins are getting heavy with banning subreddits and shadowbanning users without explanation. Most people believe it's so that the site is more palatable for advertisers.
&gt; many more are anti-subsidizing professional sports teams.      As everyone should be...
I'll be the bad guy, he has no chance. Just didn't do enough in the regular season to justify his awful postseason experiences.
Because if you let too many people in, it loses its meaning. More exclusive = higher honour.
That phrase doesn't work in this situation!
Ain't nothing wrong with Langway
The player algorithm at that site is horrid.
No point, the festival would end after one hour
I think that's a weak argument. Any player you need to make that argument for should probably be left out.
Trevor Linden was a non-superstar, I pick him.
Makarov is closest but there is none
Gambino is obviously above average, but compare him to people like Kanye, Eminem, Aesop Rock, Killer Mike, El-P, Andre 3000... he's magnitudes below all of these guys and quite a few more. He does not deserve to be in the conversation for best lyricists in hip hop.
What I look for in a good rapper is flow, vocabulary, intelligence, complex metre and rhyme schemes and ability to construct a cohesive whole song rather than just jamming a bunch of one or two-line clever wordplays/hashtag raps onto a cheesy factory processed beat
Eh, I don't know, I think this could have ended up with the team moving to Phoenix. If they stay in Glendale I think it heightens the chance in the future that they'll leave AZ altogether.
MISCONCEPTION! Bowman played a lot of hockey after the Talbot headshot. He just wasn't very good.
Kane is also an excellent playmaker, your fantasy has nothing to worry about.
"Gimmick" must be defined by intent! Pearl Jam was acting this way out of integrity!
