Is it bad that people have different interests? No, of course not. But that isn't what those affirmative action policies are about. They aren't trying to encourage women to pursue a field that aren't interested in.   What they *are* focused on is eliminating the many factors which discourage women from pursuing such careers. The disparity between men and women in STEM is commonly acknowledged as not being just because men are naturally more interested in those areas, because of such discouragement.  And yes, actively discouraging people from pursuing their interests is typically considered a bad thing.
Haha, I'm looking at your truffle oil/parmesan cheese comment all funny right now! Sweet popcorn is clearly superior, jeez :p  ETA: I now kind of want to give savory popcorn another try lol
I mean, it isn't attractive, but idk if I'd call it actively unattractive. I do know I'm not a fan of how shaved looks. Slightly trimmed seems the happy medium - it's still there, but not soooo long and usually less smelly.  It really, really isn't a big deal though.  In terms of hair preferences, this isn't even on my radar! Facial hair or a hairy back/chest matter much more to me compared to his armpits.
Look at her. Make eye contact. Smile. Did she smile back?    If you want to approach someone, aggressive staring hardly sets a friendly tone to the interaction.   Also, eye contact isn't magically "strong and attractive," that shit depends on context...if it exists at all.  As a stranger, you have none. That makes strong, aggressive eye contact presumptively unsettling and likely creepy.
Oh, you're right! I forgot about wireless bras when I wrote that, thanks.
Right? Batshit insane I'm thinking I could take at least 30. But if we're talking about simply immobilizing them? Or even tougher, not harming them at all? Probably only 3-5 small kids.
Not OC, but I personally think this would be a great idea. If nothing else, it might help reduce the stigma which (I think) might be associated with taking paternal leave.
Right?  It baffles me that America hasn't gotten on board with so many other countries. How can so they keep saying, "but it'll never work!" when there are clear examples to the contrary?   Paid parental leave is logical, and there are many models to choose from. There's a reason it's becoming the norm in developed countries. I really hope America figures itself out soon!
I feel so disillusioned. It's as if I just found out my favourite love song was written about a sandwich :(
Not at all! I'm on that sub, it's great. No joke, forearms can be sexy as hell.
Generally speaking (school/career), I find they *over* estimate their attributes.   When it comes to dating, I find a lot of guys are extremely hard on themselves, more than is deserved. So for dating, I'd say they *under* estimate their positive attributes.
&gt; I know I just can't handle it. It's my problem, not yours - my inability to cope with others mental illness doesn't mean anything is wrong with them and says more about me than it does about them.  I think this is a wonderful way of putting this, and I feel the same.
&gt; they only have like 12 bottles. I drink lots of water and between the two of us those 12 bottles may not last a night.    What? Okay, if an *entire case of water* is not enough, I feel like this one might be on you... Forget BYOB, you need to bring your own water and keep it in your car or something!
Hmmm...okay.... Thanks for the pic! I had no idea what it was!   I can also see why many women would not want to wear it. Honestly, it looks uncomfortable to me (covers shoulders/arms while exposing lower back, no thanks) and not very attractive (too boxy).  But that's just my opinion, if you like them then that's great! :)
I think the main one is physical appearance. An average attractive woman is (and I'm generalizing!) frequently given meaningless 'compliments' ad nauseum. An average looking man, on the other hand, often doesn't hear that - I know several guys who seem to think they must be unattractive. (They aren't. They're poster boys of 'average,' or even a bit better.) This thinking is reinforced if they aren't successful dating.  Sexual prowess is a big area of insecurity. And some of it might be justified (bad in bed is, well, bad in bed). But other issues...not so much. Yes, there are 'size queens,' but overall I think men care more about penis size than most women. As long as everyone is satisfied at the end of the romp, that's what matters.  Financial ability. Some people care about this, some people don't.  I think a fair few men forget the "some people don't" part of that, which is sad because that number is growing. This results in two types of insecurities: the first is not feeling "worth" a great relationship because he has nothing to compensate/spoil her with, and the second is feeling insecure about his ability to be a 'provider' (or about his value if she makes more money and is the 'provider').  Financial insecurity segues nicely into another insecurity...the "will anyone like me for *me*?" issue. So many guys seem to think everything else is more important, they undervalue personality. Or they don't think there's anything special to them. I'm not sure which, but either way, the resulting insecurity is that they won't be loved unless they bring something extra to the table, like money or a huge cock.  So overall, are there cocky guys? Of course.  But the *average* guy seems to underestimate what he brings to a relationship - he forgets about personality and behaviour, and focused a critical eye on physicality and financial situation.   So, through this blindness and criticism, he under sells himself. Which often ends up being a self fulfilling prophesy IMO...because if you don't value yourself, why should anyone else?
Oh my god YES, I am seconding this. Fitted business pants are absolutely delicious!
Agreed.  An asshole is an asshole regardless of if there's a man or a woman attached.
This is understandable. But keep in mind - the key to strong management longterm is delegation!
My friend has these! We call them wolf eyes, I think they're absolutely gorgeous. Like, if Artemis or some other hunting goddess was real, she would have those eyes.
My friend has these! We call them wolf eyes, I think they're absolutely gorgeous. IMO, if Artemis or some other hunting goddess was real, she would have those eyes.
Not really tbh... I hate purses, I'll only wear one if I have no other alternative.   The most practical ones are the cross-body ones. And these are good in that they don't fall off your shoulder. But generally they're small and very ugly (IMO). Also, the way the strap crosses between boobs accents them and more guys will stare - which pisses a lot of women off, or makes them uncomfortable. And having a weird strap across your body ruins the look of a nice outfit.   Purses worn on one shoulder are more common...and more annoying. You have to keep your shoulder juuuust right so it doesn't fall off, you can't be clumsy because them you smack things (or sometimes people, if you take the bus), and if you're carrying anything slightly heavy those thin straps cut into your shoulder in a way even a weighted down laptop bag can compare to.  BUT, single shoulder or cross-strap, when it comes to smuggling snacks into a movie theatre...nothing beats a purse! :p
I think the only time I've liked tofu was at an Indian restaurant, it was in my chicken palak masala. But even then, I think I just liked that it was hidden by the flavourful sauce...I still disliked the tofu texture.  But then again, I don't order tofu intentionally, so maybe you're right and I just haven't tried it properly!
Well,  you see, a woman's place is in the kitchen... and some women love to cook. But some develop an unnatural love for cooking...and sautéing...and searing...their pans are so versatile and dynamic! Soon these women  (poor, tragic souls) forget all about their darling husbands,and develop am unnatural love...*for pans.*  (Do I really need the /s?)
I don't think it's necessarily acceptable, though it should be. In addition to the normal rejections, a woman who approaches first is seen as desperate more often than not.
I really would not consider these an option for most women, regardless of appearance... they're too heavily stigmatized for that!
Not shaved, it looks odd to me and seems to result in a lot of red bumps.  I definitely do prefer he takes the time to be neatly trimmed though! Because I'm not okay with flossing my teeth when I go down on him.  (I do kind of like how shaved balls look, but this only matters if he likes my mouth there too.  Otherwise, I don't really care.)
&gt; Simply pushing an anti-rape message won’t necessarily reach those men, they point out, because they don’t think of themselves as rapists.  Well damn, so maybe campaigns should be aimed at  demonstrating examples of sexual assault saying 'this is rape too,' not just saying, 'don't rape.'
&gt; You can be attracted to someone who isn't right for you.  I don't think this is what /u/RamenNoodlezHair was saying. I believe she was saying she can't be with someone she's *not* attracted to.
May I ask why only minimal with your friends? Do you/your SO simply not enjoy PDA personally, or would your friends make you feel uncomfortable about it?
May I ask, were you raised in an environment where crying/expressing emotions wasn't welcomed? (I'm just curious about if how you grew up is why you have that inner monologue.)
I'm gonna say first that I agree it isn't empowering - and if people want a cause, there are soooo many others they could get involved in. But I have to disagree with this:  &gt; Like I said, it's legal in NYC. They could do it pretty much whenever but they don't -- that's telling.  I don't think it is telling. Given how common cat-calling is in NYC, walking around with her breasts exposed would likely result in endless street harassment. It doesn't matter if it's legal; many women probably wouldn't consider it an option even if they wanted to be shirtless.
I think you're still misunderstanding lol...  &gt; I was thinking of how I've heard that sometimes, even straight female friends can be rather touchy-feely with each other in a way that doesn't happen (at least as much) among lads.  Yes, women are often more comfortable with physical contact with their friends.   But even if you were thinking of this, you're still wrong about it being "sexualizing a friend." That 'touchy-feely' contact is also not sexual *at all.* If I'm cuddled up to my best girlfriend, there are no sexual undertones. Nothing, nada, nil.
Both men and women would get more attention, yes.  But I doubt most men would also be harassed because of the transformation, or feel threatened by how aggressively they're approached (like OP described). This is the key difference.
Seconded! The dick definitely matters.
I prefer the singular "they." Everyone uses it, everyone knows what I mean in conversation.  "It" feels dehumanizing.
In my opinion, of course not. Everyone is entitled to a basic level of respect.   But I have to imagine OC couldn't possibly be referring to be having in the way chivalry traditional dictated, that would be ridiculous. It's why I asked what he thought chivalry was, then presented two opposite interpretations.
&gt; Sex is extremely easy for women. You basically just have to lie down and spread your legs.   That's not having good sex, that's being a starfish. Sounds like *you're* the one having shitty sex, not me!  &gt; No, men do not always orgasm when they have sex. They ejaculate much more often than they orgasm. There is a big difference between the two.  I suggest you work on your reading comprehension skills as well. I never said men always orgasm, I says they do so more frequently than the average woman. The fact that orgasming and ejaculating are different doesn't change this - and of course I know the difference, women ejaculate too, it's called squirting.   &gt; It's ironic how women have the audacity to complain about guys expecting "porn sex", when women are the ones that actually want it.   Complaints about unreal expectations are valid, a teenaged boy thinking a facial or anal sex can be assumed acceptable is just as wrong as a teenaged girl thinking every dick is 10".  Get off your high horse.  &gt; most women are apparently too stupid to open their mouths and say what they want  Wow, you really do need to work on your reading comprehension skills! Go back to where I talked about a ONS, lack of investment in the other persons pleasure, and how there's a limit to communication because forcing an act is assault. Bad sex isn't always a result of poor communication...sometimes the other person is just a selfish ass.   You apparently can't read my points, and frankly you don't sound like you understand what good sex is - you seem to ignore that it's supposed to be pleasurable for both people.  Maybe you should work on your issues? In the mean time, I'm done responding to you.
Same! Especially in business circles, defaulting to "Mrs." would be highly unprofessional.
That is largely preference based, not something a poll here will give you the answer to.  I hate yellow gold, I think it's ugly. Other people love it, it's the traditional metal for wedding bands. Some people think steel looks cold or cheap. Others love it because they're allergic to everything else and it represents strength. Some people think silver is beautiful and elegant.  Others think it's a pain in the ass because it tarnished quickly.   This is way too specific! (Though I'll add that I think it would be very sweet and meaningful if my SO made my ring...but depending on your skill and how willing you are to incorporate her style, your SO may feel differently.)
Ha, this. Nothing changes, I just have another name to call them besides "Jerk!"   I didn't understand what negging was until I joined reddit, I thought those guys were just poorly socialized and really bad at flirting. Either way, I still just roll my eyes and say no.
I'm speaking hypothetically here, but maybe I was willing to try it, because I didn't know if I'd like it or not. That's fine, I don't have to repeat whatever it was with anyone.  If I did, I'd never try anything new.  But if I did do it more than once, it's a big assumption to say it was "because I loved him enough to." If you look at other threads, you see stories where people give in just to make them stop whining and making them feel like crap for refusing. They take no pleasure from the act, they aren't doing it out of love, it was just a shit relationship and bad choices were made.   If I'm refusing to do whatever, it isn't because I love this new guy less. It's because I'm assuming this isn't another awful relationship where he'll belittle me and make me feel like my pleasure isn't important. And maybe it's simply because I'm older and stronger now, and I've learned how horrible it is to be coerced into an act I'm not willing to do. Gaining strength and self-respect shouldn't be seen as loving someone less.  So no, I don't empathize with guys who go, "but she did it with it ex!" Because what they're saying is, "but I don't care how *she* feels, I care how I feel!" They're thinking only of their pleasure, and disregarding mine. They're equating a willingness to do things that feel bad or wrong or uncomfortable with love. Essentially, they're equating my willingness to be unhappy with love. And that's a shit relationship. It's not okay.  In a relationship, we're supposed to care about how each other feels. Trying to guilt someone into a sexual act they don't enjoy is wrong, plain and simple. I don't care which gender it is, or if we're talking pegging, a threesome,  or anything else. *It's just wrong.*
Him enjoying it.   When I know pleasuring me is giving *him* pleasure...wow. I love hearing him groan, or say I taste good, or any of those other little things which tell me this is something he wants to do (and not just a favour he's putting up with doing).  Kinda like me moaning into a bj and gripping his ass to pull him closer, right?  *ETA:* this has to be in addition to the physical...him being into it won't increase arousal if he's also abusing the clit (or missing it altogether)
Screw trends, buy clothes which fit you and suit your personality - that comfort translates to confidence, and you aren't left trying to wear a style completely unsuited to you.   Look in the mirror. Name five things you like about your appearance (or 3 things if just your face). For every negative thing you say, you have to restart your positive list.  And don't just think to yourself, "I guess my eyes are okay," think about *why.* So say, "I like my eyes, the lashes are so long I don't need mascara, and the brown turns to a pretty gold in the sun." Repeat.   I don't routinely tell myself to do either of these things, but I'm conscious of my body type instead of trends when I shop, and I tend to do a "damn, you look good!" when I look in the mirror. I can name more things I like about my body than things I don't, and that's the way I think it should be.
But I've been saying this whole time that parental time for father's needs to be set aside specifically... I'm not against this, I'm in favour of it. I'm just saying that childbirth puts a strain on the mother's body, and this ought to be recognized as a separate issue.  &gt; the medical recovery of the mother is even more reason to give paternity leave to fathers so they can help take care of mom and baby.  I repeat: there is no reason he cannot choose to take his leave at the same time the mom is recovering at home! I am not against this, I think time should be set aside specifically for fathers to take. If you are saying he should have *more* time than her, that doesn't make sense to me; his body is not the one recovering.  &gt; My sister-in-law was unfortunate to develop a throat tumor at the end of the pregnancy  I'm very sorry to hear this, and I hope she is doing well now.
Your wife was a scumbag so...you decided to be like her??  Don't be a lying scumbag. It's online dating, most people have multiple days at the beginning. But if they ask you and you lie? You're a scumbag. It sucks that your wife cheated on you, and it's fine to be angry about that, but it doesn't give you a free pass to lie and be an asshole to other women.
&gt; The most comfortable sport clothes are, logically, tight ones  Nope! That's just personal preference.  For other people this might depend on the type of exercise you're doing, and where you're doing it.  Yoga? Okay, tight clothing will stay in place when bending and twisting. Martial arts workout, or running outside? No thanks, give me something loose that will let me have airflow everywhere - tight clothing will just make me sweat in the most uncomfortable way.
&gt; when she goes out drinking without giving a heads up   How is this crazy? Might be your preference to know, but if she was out with friends at an event and they decide to spend more time together &amp; go out for drinks after it ends...that seems pretty normal.
Seconding the importance of paying attention to your hair (both on top of your head and on your face).   Your haircut really does affect overall attractiveness, same with if it looks touchable or not. Also, I find a lot of men's styling creams tend to make hair look greasy, even if it feels fine/clean, and I always think it looks a bit gross.   As for facial hair, this is very much personal preference so take it with a grain of salt. But I don't like facial hair in the first place, so I find ungrounded beards look lazy and tend to take away from the attractiveness of his face.
Thank you! Now I finally have a term for my hatred.   I fucking hate chalk. I don't care how many children ask me to draw on a sidewalk with them, chalk can go to hell. The smell and sound of it is bad enough, but the feel of chalk on my fingers....I honestly want to throw my phone across the room just typing about it, it makes me cringe so hard. What asshole decided chalk should be popularized?!  (&gt;_&lt;)
&gt; If instead, the example is that you know that something about you would be a deal-breaker for your partner is then lying or misleading them is not acceptable to me  No disagreement on that statement.  But it's a pretty big jump to go from that to  "why would you think it would be?"  If I was out and he asked how my day went, I might lie and say I had fun visiting a friend...when in reality, I went to that store he lives to get him an amazing birthday gift. Blatant lie? Yep. Do I think it's okay?  Of course it is.  Or if he just vomited because he's sick, I'd assure him that "of course I don't mind cleaning up, go rest." But I sure as hell do mind, vomit is gross and smelly and I really want to tell him to stop being sick and clean it up himself.   Or if he's trying something difficult for the first time and asks how he's doing, I'm not going to say, "pretty terribly...your wall climbing skills are shit, you've fallen three times and you didn't even finish that last wall." No, I'm going to say, "you're doing great honey, keep going!"   **TL;DR:** Point is, there are a LOT of situations where a lie is *not* unacceptable or unethical, because they aren't about big, important things.
