Can't they do something useful, like target those assholes with the really loud vehicles?
Refreshing to see a young person with great skin who hasn't ruined it with permanent tats. I understand that it's a generational thing, but for most of my life the tattoo has been the visual mark of stupid, so it is hard to get past the prejudice concerning tattoos.
Oh, I don't hate them at all. I seem to spend a fair amount of time looking at them and admire much of the art involved. That said, it is the "permanent" attribute which makes them a really bad idea for most people. When tattoos can be written one day and otherwise changed/erased the next, I'll get one put on my middle finger as a show and tell device. :)
Old...and still funny.
Exactly my problem with Hillary: She talks one line and walks another. She's just a professional politician who is willing to say anything to make her goals happen. I don't see that she is any different than most of these Republicans, and I'd no more vote for her than I would for Mitt Romney.
Sure it's okay, it's your computer -- but you will probably regret it in some morning before too long -- or maybe late at night when really tired and make a big mistake at the command line. And then there are *all* the security problems if you use the internet and/or work in an office.  Better to use sudo or something similar.
Context is everything. When programming, start at zero; when helping the SO do shopping, start at one.
Games which are almost great but because they can't be modded, remain mediocre. AC: Black Flag, I point to you.
“The President’s healthcare law is a disaster..." from the article, quoting *Americans for Prosperity.*  As a progressive Democrat, I agree: We need to get all the middlemen profit takers out of the health care loop by going to the single payer model which has proven so successful in so many other countries around the world.
You are trying to argue rationally with ignorance-based belief which is irrational.
&gt;Google complains about people running adblocker but don't bother to vet the ads being submitted to their service.  This is the point that crosses my mind *every* time I see some site complaining about users running adblock. Until the advertising industry takes responsibility for what they are shoving out to people's computers/phones, users are only practicing good self-protection by running adblockers and noscript-like programs.  Edit: Yikes, this is an old posting. Sorry.
"it is inconceivable that Republicans would anoint the least popular governor of the least successful state to carry their banner into the 2016 election..."  Well, having Sarah Palin nominated as VP on the ticket suggests it is not only conceivable, it is well within the realm of the very possible, which goes a long way towards explaining why Jindal won't shut up with the national politics and do his current job like a responsible adult.
"...Hillary is one of the most hated people to the Republicans."  She's not all that popular with a large segment of Democrats either, which is the real problem for the party: Hillary as nominee and candidate means a potentially much lower voter turnout.
More proof from Clintonian behavior that what they say and what they do don't match. Like Bobby Jindal, Hillary could change her name to Ima Demagogue and save everyone the trouble of trying to figure out her game.
That's an entertaining way to make it make sense. Now if we can get him to jump off a mesa somewhere in New Mexico....
So much for the conservative in "Conservative."  These GOP people are so dense they don't even know the meaning of their own core terms. Perhaps it's time to start calling them what they really are, "Reactionary Old People, Evangelical" or ROPE.
Maybe so, but it is a nice dream.
No, he means that when the going gets tough, the tough eat their own bootstraps on their way up the economic ladder to 1% nirvana.
Kittens taste terrible, dude.
Perhaps Americans have come to value integrity over the superficial attributes so commonly exploited by professional politicians? It's about time if true.
“Bernie is there on the issues. That’s what matters to a lot of people.” Warren quote from the fine article.  This is the very essence of why Mr. Sanders appeals to so many. It is supported by his professional integrity as demonstrated by his actions and behavior over the years. Mr. Sanders is the type of candidate that America needs and observant Americans know this to be true. I think it would be great if Ms. Warren were to demonstrate support for his candidacy.
It's a long way to the election, so I agree with your "But as things stand now..." sentiment in theory, but I have to have some hope: Hillary is a poor choice for any progressive Dem.
Maybe so, but the arrival of the Pascal-based GPUs should have some measurable effect and if you've seen 4k and 1080 side-by-side, then you know just how much of a motivator this will be for the hard-core gamer crowd -- will be very hard to resist.
On the face of it, because it is a violation of the concept of [the invisible hand;](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invisible_hand) actually, because the source of the money behind contemporary economic theory and practice is oil, and these dogs serve their masters.
If Hillary is a progressive, I'm a Martian.
But it was Clinton's policy decisions which directly caused the later income losses: He made short-term decisions which he promoted as great at the time, but really hurt down the road (NAFTA, repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act) unless you were a banker or international corporatist.  The Clintons are [DINOs.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democrat_In_Name_Only)
The woman [flip-flops](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flip-flop_%28politics%29) so much and so fast and so often that is has become grossly apparent that she is willing to say and do *anything* to become president, which also makes it apparent that she is interested in the job only for her own self-interest, not the nations. Hillary is a bucket-list candidate and she should be shunned completely.
VR flashin' in the pan again: If it is alive and thriving two years from now I'll consider it, but until then it's just the same hype-train as the last time around.
It's not lack of courage: She is outright *owned* by those people.
Funny looking, but tasty!
Or have a radio station like the one in GTA IV where you could just play the music you wanted to hear.
What I suspect really happened is that they used the same team to do both development-time QA/debug *and* pre-release beta-time QA/debug. In short, their people doing the QA/Debug work became too familiar with the product as it was being developed and then could not see the bark on the tree because their heads were buried into the heartwood.  There are loads of bugs, glitches and oversights in this game which constantly have me shouting, "Did they even bother to check their work?" Well of course they did, they just didn't check it properly, hence all the bugs, glitches and oversights. Still a good game, but it really needs a [buttload](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/buttload#See_also) of fixing.
Yes, the Morrowind approach versus current approach.  It's really too bad but I understand the quandary the gaming houses find themselves in: It's either money or quality and never the twain shall meet. Bethesda is really most fortunate in having the attention of a huge hord of modders who will adopt and work their games; Bethesda is really most wise in making and keeping this possible.
This is a statement in a headline from **FOX** OMFG! Too much hypocrisy in one place: Duck and cover!
Gee, all the smart people are for a mixed economy instead of replicating nineteenth century England in twenty-first century North America, go figure.
There is nothing wrong with being lazy as long as you're smart about it.
Goodbye Hillary, glad to see you go.
That's because Hillary only wants to put her mouth where her bankster-funded pollsters say it should be, everything else be damned.
Only "cringe-worthy" to those with no historical understanding of the area and the players.
The entire party has become Agnew's "nattering nabobs of negativism" because talk is cheap and ideas require goals: Windbag politicians are always in great supply and more money for billionaires doesn't sell well.
So, am I the only person on the planet who is hoping that after this election we don't hear anything from a Clinton for a very, very long time?
"the goal of Democrats ... is being made more difficult every second the Clinton campaign continues to distort the facts on Bernie Sanders's strong record against gun violence and attack a core progressive idea like universal healthcare." -- from the article  Hillary is in this for Hillary, don't make the mistake of assuming she is otherwise motivated.
Another study might show that jumping off a high building is about the same risk as drinking alcohol. Seriously, that stuff is outright poison and people who consume it need to be overly cautious in how and when they use it.
&gt;I hope the good guys can get the party apparatus out of DWS's hands.  This would need to be a first priority: The DNC is polluted.
There will be a reckoning....
They have better technique, but some just call it a toss up.
They're not crazy, they're stupid: There is the difference.
One can only hope.
Have to give Trump credit: He's the only person running from the right who is proven more than a professional pandering politician. The G.O.P. needs to rework their offerings to the public if they expect Americans to buy into their products.
Like Hillary, no one cares: Go away.
