If we could try shooting the fucking puck. You guys aren't talented enough to play like the Sedins.
Holy shit Weber can you please get the fuck out of our lineup?!
Weak goal, Blackwood.
How patriotic of you.
That *may* be the case (I personally disagree but it very well could be) but it could just be a timing thing. Look at how long it took Daniel to get his shot back after the Duncan Keith incident. Most sports don't have kids start playing in the majors until they're 22-24. If Virtanen is that old and still unable to make it in the NHL then I'll be worried. At 19? Yeah, definitely not.
Man, if we could snag Drouin under similar circumstances I would be over the fucking moon.
Ahh the old No True Scotsman argument. Whether Trekkies accept it or not, JJ's new Star Trek movies ARE Star Trek. You guys got your philosophical movies for *years* and you know what happened? They bombed. Film after film, until it looked like Star Trek might be done and then JJ stepped  in and revitalized the franchise. Hopefully the success of these films will spawn a TV series for you guys or something, which is what Star Trek is far better suited for, and leave the blockbusters to be exactly that: Blockbusters.
If he did that would be pretty fucking shameful of our fans.
No way we're winning one of these.
Barring Henrik's injuries getting more severe I could see the Twins sticking with the team at least another three seasons, probably involving them taking a discount on their next contracts. Would be unreal to see them as our second line once the kids get better. I'd assume Henrik stays captain during that tenure.
Uh why the fuck is MacIntyre slamming Eddie Lack. Wtf?!
Oh god when is this circle jerk gonna end? Get the fuck over it, it's four fucking games.
What? I know that, I was under the impression your comment was arguing that fact.
Dorsett is one of the hardest working Canucks on the ice. Don't hate him for the way Willie deploys him or how much Benning pays his. Prust? Different story. Cracknell is replaceable. But Dorsett I actually like being on the team, so long as he's glued to the fourth line.
Life always holds the uncertainty of death, no matter your profession. Who are we to judge others for what they do?   "If you have a daughter you shouldn't be a policeman, or a firefighter, or a taxi driver, or a doctor, or a logger, or a miner, or an airplane pilot, etc etc..."
Again, no one is forcing you to click on these threads. If we want to talk about it we will. You're welcome to do your own thing.
Never thought the award for Worst Suit Ever could go to anyone other than Don Cherry. Nope, not tonight. This singer man.
Goddamnit Weber can you just stay in the dressing room?
Not his fault for getting stuck with Higgins. Brutal.
When is an Edler slap shot *not* blocked immediately leading to a turnover?
Sooooo instead of a $5 Foot Long it's a $4 6 inch? Wtf Subway?
Way faster than I thought. Honestly liking what I'm seeing so far. Good hustle. Could just be adrenaline from a new team.
Practically nothing about the actual game, just a bunch of off-ice drama. Probably one of the worst Provies I've read.
I mean I get not wanting to switch up the Bo Bae Vrby line and Burrows has been invisible but *fucking Dorsett*??
I think the odd shift would be okay, maybe on a rush play up the ice. Jake's Hockey IQ doesn't mix well with the cycling but if he can just get in front of the net we'd be golden.
I don't think Vrbata even knows what that word means..
But that's not what you said. You said no team goes from missing the playoffs to winning the Stanley Cup. Context does wonders.
If you're taking time out of your day to watch hockey wives then your opinion is kind of nullified about this.
At this point I can't even tell if people are being sarcastic or not.
Yeah but Bo and Baer are burning hot right now so they've kinda forced his hand.
Prust doesn't do it enough to make him worth the roster spot. And he only does it against weak opponents.
Came here to say the same thing. Holy fuck the Provies need to stfu about the PA Plan and Gate controversies.
Draft position is literally irrelevant the second the Entry Draft is over.
And give up our only good defencemen to get him? We're not potential buyers for any superstars right now save the free agency.
As it should.
Would you prefer Weber?
Best 2nd we've ever spent.
God this line plays some pretty fucking hockey.
Wow fuck off don't touch Tanev you fucks
That movie had far too sloppy of a third act to get a nod for directing. Honestly I was surprised to even see it get a best screenplay nod
Not minding the look of that Zalewski Dorsett Virtanen line
Oh obviously it's worth asking. Doesn't stop it from being fucking hilarious.
Jesus Christ. 5 years ago and you guys won. Get over it.
God, please don't let this gorilla sign with the Canucks next year..
McCann? Couldn't agree more.
Vrbata is already taking up too much space as it is. We can't replace him with another vet, if he goes we get younger, plain and simple. If not for the rest of the season then definitely by next September. We have too many prospects that need to be given a chance.
Oh god, please let LA re-sign him.
Canucks have the sloppiest fucking changes. How do we not have this down by now?
Oh I'd definitely prefer Schenn to,say, Bartkowski. I'm fine with adding him but only so long as it's not taking a roster spot from a prospect.
Why do we even have commentators in this game if we're just gonna listen to this couple babble on?
