Thankyou! Nice to think I wrote something that struck a chord.
This is the one thing that I find so completely unfathomable about religion: that those who ardently follow one religion and believe it is true above all else don't look at the millions and billions of people who believe exactly the same thing about a completely different religion and go "Hmm... they're just as convinced that they're right as I am that I'm right. And look - they have a holy book too! Wait a minute: we can't all be right.....?".   I don't know how e.g. a Christian can look at a Muslim and feel so utterly certain that the Muslim has it all wrong, but never wonders why the Muslim must also be looking at them thinking the same thing. Surely there's a point at which a rational human being starts to get to *"What if none of us are right and it's all just a guessing game...?"*  Someone please tell me - I just can't understand it. How can you look at a billion Hindus in India, or a billions Catholics, or whatever and think "they're *all* wrong but *I'm* right"?   You're probably thinking "OK smartarse Atheist, how can you look at billions of religious people and say 'you're all wrong'", only it's simple: I know that in the human body death is an irreversible process meaning that after a certain point a human body does not recover, and the brain that existed inside that body is lost. Which means that *nobody knows what happens to you after you die*.   I also know that no-one was around at the beginning of the universe to see it happen, and therefore I don't believe a fucking book written by human beings that purports to explain how the universe began, which means *nobody knows how we got here*.  So all the people arguing over who knows what happens after we die and who knows how we got here: no, you don't. No-one does.
&gt; I'll be honest, by the standards I see a lot of atheists claiming, I'm surprised we have any history at all.  You say this like there's a very fine line between reality and completely fantastical claims when there plainly isn't. People do not return from the dead. Death is an irreversible process in the human body as has been shown billions of times since the dawn of time. Yet you want to take a couple of eye-witness accounts from the guy's personal fan-club, with shaky, contradictory evidence, and say that proves that something different happens in this case? If you read about a great battle in medieval times in which a famous warrior flew around in the air shooting laser beams from his eyes would you unquestioningly trust that as a valid historical record?   You'll have heard the line "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"? And that's the difference. Imagine a history book quoted Napoleon as having said a particular sentence, which was reported by 2 of his personal guard, would I believe it: it depends on what the sentence was. If it was "Not tonight Josephine" then sure. If it's "I fucking hate the new iPhone 6" then of course not. Yet the evidence cited for both would be the same, so what's the difference? Because one is probable and plausible whereas the other would require him to travel 2 centuries into the future and back again, so is completely implausible.   If you can't tell the difference it's because you've decided upon the answer and are trying to manipulate the very thin 'evidence' to make it fit that answer. Try forgetting the answer and using some critical thinking skills to see where you end up instead.
Increasing secularity is based on more people realising they don't need religion, it's not that people are abandoning Christianity looking for another religion to attach themselves to.   The decline of Christianity in the West is coming from increased openness and freedom of information coupled with advances in science, which all gradually erode the myths of its teachings. Islam is more ardent about keeping its flock in the faith, but is just as susceptible to those same forces which are undermining all religions, especially in Western socieities where a secular education, access to the internet, and mixing with people from many different faiths (or no faith) all show people a way of life that doesn't rely on their particular religion. Yes, Muslims can bring their children up to be religious but it is very difficult in Western societies to keep those children away from secular influences or the internet or anything that allows them to question their faith.  The growth in Islam in Western societies is more down to immigration than anything else. In the UK we have seen Muslims grow as a percentage of the overall population, but it's not because British people are converting to Islam, it's because they are already Muslim when they come to the UK. I can see how Islam might grow as a proportion of religious people, but not as an overall number. I know several Muslims who only identify as such because their parents would be ostracised from their communities if their children weren't being seen to follow the faith. They have no intention of passing it on to their children.  &gt; Unless we turn our attention to Islam immediately, we will find an entrenched enemy that is perfectly willing and able to turn our own laws against us, with little we can do to stop it  This is just bullshit scaremongering.
This is a real blind spot for theists: "this guy said it happened so it must have done". Firstly, anyone can make anything up; the fact that it's written down doesn't make it any more credible than if you heard the words bumbled from the mouth of a crazy person. Secondly, pre-enlightened societies were so utterly credulous that many people could be easily persuaded to believe all kinds of insane things. In societies that have no kind of scientific understanding of the world, where disease, war, famine and pestilence are apt to wipe out you and your family at any point, people latched onto myths in a desperate belief that they could influence their chaotic lives.   If Paul was writing in AD40 then years, even decades had passed since these events supposedly happened. Could you recall every conversation you had word-for-word from 20 years ago? He was part of Jesus's personal fan-club, so of course he's going to suggest that Jesus has supernatural powers - why wouldn't you when people are so credulous and desperate for order and hope?  Also, all religions have sacred texts, yet you don't believe in all the other thousands of religions of the world. Why do you think your religion's texts are any more valid or reliable or credible than any of the others? If you read Aztec stone tablets that talked about Quetzalcoatl would you treat them with the same credulity that you do Paul's letters? Or would you dismiss them as myths?
&gt; I'm sure you'll cherish that day, but it'll also be the day that atheism loses meaning  I wish Atheism didn't have to exist. Atheism is a counter-stance. It doesn't stand for anything, it is an absence of belief and it only exists because there are people in this world who create myths to force unwritten rules on societies with no right to do so. It shouldn't have to exist any more than being a-unicornist or a-leprechaunist should. And by the way, you can't prove a negative and I don't have any intention of even trying whatever anyone else thinks.  &gt; No gatherings to condemn religion  Where are these gatherings to comdemn religion? I've never heard of such a thing.   &gt; no more showcase of wit or intelligence  Just to prove I'm not here to try to win points for my wit or intelligence, my considered response to that comment is go fuck yourself.
We don't know what happened before the big bang... isn't that enough to be an agnostic instead of a theist?
&gt; The RA is obsessed with and addicted to being right  What stupid crap. Are you saying you are happy to be wrong?  Will you consider the truth of the fairies at the bottom of my garden? Or do you believe you know the truth of that claim already? Are you denying those fairies exist because you have a fetish for having to be right all the time?
How patronising. I grow tired of people telling atheists that they're atheists for the wrong reasons or because they haven't thought about it enough. There is no 'right' way to be an atheist any more than there's a right way not to watch TV. Once you hold any religion up to even the most basic critical thinking it is obvious that they are man-made. Otherwise why don't you believe in Zeus, or Ra or Odin? Are you disbelieving of them for the right reasons? How deeply did you think about them before you dismissed them? Or were you just brought up in your chosen religion and have never actually examined what you've been taught with a clear, unemotional, free mind? What is it you believe: talking snakes, virgin births, water into wine? Perhaps it's you who needs to think a bit deeper?
&gt; How do you know it is true that solipsism is wrong?  I'm not sure I necessarily do know that as an irrefutable truth. But, you know, the universe and all that.  &gt; There is no fairiology but there is theology  The difference being what? Sounds like you're saying that it's just about the number of people that believe it. Otherwise where do you draw the line - Jedis? Flying Spaghetti Monster? Norse Gods? Scientology? There's not exactly a hard line between 'legitimate' religion and outright fantasy or mythology.  You can reject something you don't know well if you believe that it is founded on an impossible premise. I wouldn't waste any time thinking about anything a Medium or Clairvoyant told me because I don't believe they can talk to the dead.  &gt; my question is, where and why do you draw the line  I draw the line at anything that reverse-justifies by claiming to know the answer and working backwards from it. I'd be more than happy to have a theological debate, but I wouldn't bother with someone who claims to know the answer already when I don't believe that there is any way they could. Atheists are not without wonder and imagination - I would love to be clever enough to study the origins of the universe and try to genuinely know how we got here, but I think religion is just a complete distraction.
&gt; You can obey God or you can obey any number of false idols (Baal, money, yourself, etc.)  I don't need to worship or obey anyone or anything thanks. I have a responsibility to society as a whole, but that's all. I see no benefit in wasting a load of time giving my servitude to a God who either isn't there or isn't listening.
If the evidence is unobtainable, then why are theists allowed to state with absolute certainty that they're right and atheists are wrong - something they do *all the time*? If you tell me that God created the universe then it falls to you to prove that; if the evidence is, as you rightly say, unobtainable, then why is *any* religious claim valid?  &gt; Those tend to be the weakest, and truly identify someone's character in terms of how they think and process information  Yeah, anyone who disagrees with you is obviously stupid. Well done you and your towering intellect.
Mayonnaise - blergh. The more I hate it the more it seems to permeate into every area of life. I've all but given up buying pre-packed sandwiches.
Wow, way to not answer the question.  &gt; This is almost narcissistic thinking. Just because someone is wrong, does not mean mean that I am right. There can be two people who are both wrong, but basing your assertions on incorrect or faulty evidence could be said to be even more wrong than another.  The question I asked was quite simple, but you've totally failed to answer it. Let me try again in more simple terms: you say atheists shouldn't claim to be right based on unobtainable evidence, yet you excuse theists from the same reasoning. Why?  &gt; Let's try a simple example: Who is more wrong, the person who has a claim, or the person who has a claim on wrong information/evidence?  Your question doesn't even make sense. If someone wants a claim to be believed then it falls to them to provide adequate backing for that claim. Is that difficult for you to understand?  &gt; Nope, those who tend to be stupid are stupid. I don't have to have pity for the feeble-minded.  Yeah - you're doing such a good job of demonstrating your intellectual superiority here.
Haha - makes me properly laugh out loud when I hear theists say this. Why don't we just be done with it and define God as "the thing you can't disagree with"?
If this life is just a proving ground to see whether you get to heaven or hell, what's the point in heaven or hell?
I see this asked a lot, and it's really not up to atheists to define. That's a bit like the prosecutor in a murder trial asking the jury what they would consider convincing evidence to convict the accused (for which any judge would rightly slap them down).  If you're prepared to state a claim you should be able to demonstrate the evidence that supports that claim. If you can't do that then you need to ask yourself why you believe it yourself.
Well, given that most definitions of God that I've heard are logical impossibilities, then you'd probably have to start by proving that logic does not function as I think it does.   Why don't you start by defining what you mean by God and then I might be able to come up with evidence that might convince me?
&gt; If you want to argue against religion, that's fine. But that can be done independent of the belief (or unbelief) in a deity. Even a theist could argue against religion, it's more of a sociological question. This is not what this debate is about; the theism debate is about the existence of deity.  Well - given that this sub is called DebateReligion then maybe you're in the wrong place.  &gt; But that's not how it works, because that's not how determining anything works. Any sort of judgement which involves empirical data also necessarily involves a rational framework in which the data is interpreted, and this means that it all rests on argument  Well, no, because arguments are only of any value constructed based on evidence, and that's the difference. I could posit an argument that there is a unicorn living in the forest near my house, but with no evidence it is a crap argument. Whereas if I posit that there is a fox that lives in the forest near my house, and then I could show people its den, its scat, or even the fox itself, then that's a good argument because it's backed by evidence. Surely this isn't hard to understand?  &gt;  There are some questions which cannot be evaluated in terms of this sort of data (what's typically meant by "evidence"), and those--including the theism question--are entirely dependent on argument  There are indeed some questions to which we cannot gather sufficient evidence by which to arrive at an answer - so in that instance the right thing to do isn't to continue to posit arguments based on zero evidence (because hey, no-one can tell you you're wrong, right?), it's to recognise that here is something we cannot currently know and therefore any further arguments are frankly guesswork. Surely you can see that that is not an unreasonable position?
I'm not going to pretend there aren't Atheists who are dicks, but shouting someone down or mis-representing their arguments is hardly something unique to Atheists either, is it?
You're agnostic, but you start your text at the top saying "We (Christians)..."? Forgive me for being a little confused? I don't really see how you can be both.  Respect for your reading list though.
&gt; But if someone is presented with the truth, how will they accept it if they are not open to the possibility that their previous beliefs could be wrong?  Primarily because I don't trust the source. How does a theist know the truth? Nobody knows what happens after we die. Nobody knows what exists outside our known universe or what existed before it, or who/what made it.  So I am open-minded, but most 'evidence' I hear doesn't stand up to even the most basic question of all: "how do you know this to be true?"
&gt; Theres no more reach in allowing religious symbolism and ideology into our lives than in not abolishing all arts because they don't lead to empirical facts  There's a massive difference and I think you know that. Art does not require belief to be appreciated - if I painted an imaginary landscape you wouldn't be required to believe that world actually exists before you could appreciate the artwork. Tolkein didn't expect his readers to believe that Middle Earth was real.  Yes, religion can bring beneficial aspects to a society - but there is no reason why those things can't happen without having to buy into a man-made fantasy first. Religion brings far more dangerous things, like people believing that unjustifiable actions can be justified by religion, or putting aside logic, reason and evidence when it suits them.   Logic, reason and evidence - i.e. the empirical method - doesn't always give us all the answers, and occasionally tells us things we'd rather believe weren't true - but it's the best our human understanding can manage, and that's therefore what we should use to inform our decision-making as a society.
Well, I think a lot of people would disagree with that. I can appreciate things that religion could be said to have had brought about - the Sistine Chapel, Canterbury Cathedral etc - but I don't think a truly impartial observer would ever 'appreciate' a religion in the way they would appreciate a work of artistic value. I've never looked at Islam or Judaism or Taoism or anything like that and gone "Mmmm - nice religion you've got there!"  And sorry to brush away any misty-eyed sentiment but Michelangelo painted the Sistine Chapel because he was being paid to. He did it for cold hard cash, not for the love of religion. So if you're talking about appreciating religion through some of the things that religion is said to have brought into the world, you might as well say you're appreciating money as that's moved people more than any religion.
&gt; If you just don't know the answer, you have no right to assert that I don't know it either  That's utter nonsense. You're suggesting that all answers to something unknown are completely equal in value. If you lost your keys and I told that they were swallowed by an invisible alien and transported to another dimension, would you give that equal credence with all other possible answers? Remember, according to you, you don't know where they are so you have no right to assert that I don't know either.    You'll presumably be familiar with the line "that which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence"?  If you *know* something then you should be able to show proper evidence to support that. If you can't, then you don't know it, you *believe* it, and then others have every right to assert that you don't know it.
Would a court case find the accused guilty because of the possibility of evidence that may arise in the future? Of course not. Do you have any evidence right now? No? Then you can't know right now.
Prove fucking what? You are the one making claims, I am the one telling you you are not able to prove them.
I don't know if you're being wilfully obtuse or you really are hard of thinking, but let's just have another of our regular visits to the [burden of proof definition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophic_burden_of_proof) - and I quote: "When two parties are in a discussion and one asserts a claim that the other disputes, the one who asserts has a burden of proof to justify or substantiate that claim. [1] An argument from ignorance occurs when either a proposition is assumed to be true because it has not yet been proved false or a proposition is assumed to be false because it has not yet been proved true.[2][3] This has the effect of shifting the burden of proof to the person criticizing the proposition".  What you are doing is (a) failing to substantiate your theistic claims and then (b) suggesting that my repudiation is, in itself, a counter-claim. It isn't. I am not making any new claim, only criticising yours.  I can just picture you in a courtroom pitching your case for the prosecution saying "I put it to you, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, that the case for the defense can't prove that I can't prove the guilt of the accused!" to bemused looks from the entire courtroom.  Anyway, whether you're being obtuse on purpose or you're just a bit short on thinking, I'm done wasting my time here.
Don't be ridiculous. No evidence exists for there being a God, whereas plenty of evidence exists to demonstrate that theism is man-made and is regularly proved wrong. The point, however, is that atheists are not obliged to monitor and study and evaluate every single theistic claim you decide to make any more than you have to define your position on horoscopes.
There is no absolute right and wrong as the rightness or wrongness of everything depends on personal perspective. It is possible to gain consensus on many things because most people have similar enough views that we can create coherent laws as a society, but there will always be subjects that divide opinion.   The words 'right' and 'wrong' are ultimately fairly meaningless, good for teaching children the most basic things in life but too simplistic to define the world we live in where almost nothing or no-one is inherently good or evil, but actually exists somewhere on a scale between those two extremes.
I really don't even know what you're talking about. Atheists *do* think theists are wrong - are you trying to say we're not allowed to let on about that on a sub called DebateanAtheist?
I'm really done with this pointless discussion that's taking us nowhere. You're still sticking to examples full of meaningless premises and pointless distractions that have nothing to do with anything, and adding in a level of condescention with it. It's like a theist finding spelling mistakes in an Atheist argument and triumphally heralding that as some kind of victory. I suppose if you were capable of solid reasoning you wouldn't be a theist in the first place...  I'm done here.
Yeah, Atheism is fucking boring because it means having to deal with twats like you. Atheism is a counter-stance against religious bullshit that twats like you come out with, and yeah, it's fucking tedious that in the 21st century there even has to be a name for it, as if the rejection of idiotic man-made fairy tales needs to be a thing.   Still, however boring it may be, I'd rather be an Atheist than be (a) deluded and (b) a wanker like you.
I can't understand your nonsense, and frankly I won't waste my time trying. But you are definitely a wanker.
I can't actually let go of logic and reason for long enough to think how this would even manifest itself. The concept of God is so utterly vague and illogical anyway that I wouldn't even know what 'God exists' actually entails. What, like the Abrahamic God? Meaning that maybe the nut-job creationists were right and everything in the Bible is fact? Meaning that pretty much every discipline of science is therefore broken, that logic and reason no longer applies in this world (given the many paradoxes of being omni-whatever, the problem of evil etc)? Meaning that everything I understood about our reality no longer applies and in effect I've lost my mind.    Or is this another random deity we've not previously known of? Is this deity communicating with us and demanding our fealty, and if so - to what end? Are we to await the publication of a brand new holy book, and how will this be sent?   How do we know this is a deity and not just an advanced alien civilisation, even perhaps one who seeded life on Earth 4bn years ago as an experiment that they've been watching - would you consider that deistic?   Where does this deity exist, outside the universe? How do we know it's there then? How did it create us, on some kind of astral 3d printer with some god software behind it, and then some kind of hyerspace deployment tool to place those beings on Earth - again, destroying any number of laws of physics in the process..?  I just think it's all *so* ridiculous that I can't even pretend it could be real.....
&gt; Christianity teaches that accepting Christ is a choice (whether you believe that or not)  It's not a choice at all. I can't put aside critical thinking skills to believe in such obvious fantasy any more than I could choose that 2+2=5.  &gt; why should they concern themselves with other people's choices?  Because they are capable of empathy like normal human beings? Because if your children 'choose' incorrectly you might struggle to enjoy your eternity in heaven knowing they are burning in eternal torture?
What, so they claim to know my thoughts better than I do myself?
Firstly, can you stop with these lines like "have not even bothered" and "decided it's not worth the effort". It is slightly infantile of you to insinuate that atheism is just based on laziness.  Secondly - no, no-one has ever presented evidence for a God. They have presented assertions that don't have basis in fact. Can you name any actual evidence of God (not just assertions) that has stood up to any genuine examination?   You claim I have not even bothered to examine it before dismissing it; I suggest to you that you have not even bothered to examine it before accepting it.
&gt; I'm not insinuating that about Atheism. I'm STATING it about you  Then I'm stating that you're being a bit of a wanker about it.   &gt; So evidence has to be based in fact. How much fact?  What do you mean, how much fact? Do you understand what a fact is? You seem to be having a lot of difficulty with this concept.  I'm still waiting for sight of this evidence you claim exists. You were claiming that, right? So can we see it? Doesn't really count as evidence if we can't, does it?
You're not making any sense now. Are you just spouting random facts as if that somehow shows you know what a fact is? What on earth has Julius Caeser got to do with anything?  Why not just admit that you haven't got any of this evidence for God that you claimed to have?
Hahahaha - I love the idiocy of this conversation. You know it's not enough evidence for me? A few posts back you were telling me I was lazy for not studying the evidence and now you're telling me I'm not allowed to see it? Sorry, just run that by me again?   Let me try to explain this: if this 'evidence' is personal to you, then it's not evidence, OK? Evidence, by definition, has to be grounded in fact to demonstrate whether a proposition is true or not. If you turned up in a courtroom as a witness for the prosecution and said you had 'a really strong personal emotion' or 'a really vivid dream' that the accused was guilty you'd get laughed out of the place.
&gt;  what we need instead is a new concept of God, one that believing in will not cause harm and will solve religious conflict  Yeah, we've already got that concept. It's called no God. Totally ticks all those boxes.
&gt; Well, to a theist, obviously God was first  This really boils my piss, as it's basically completely dodging all the reasoning that theists attempt to force upon others.   How can God be first? From absolutely nothing, anywhere, just *poof* and he's materialised, intact, a complete perfect being? How? From what? How was *absolutely nothing* suddenly able to form a being that could design and build an entire universe? How did God become sentient and omnipotent from absolutely nothing? Where is he at this point? Floating in a void of - what - there isn't even a void to float in?  And then: when he was creating the world, where did he get all the atoms from? Did he create atoms, protons, electrons etc first? (No mention of them in Genesis). Given that he's the first thing there on his own then he's got nothing to work with - no material at all. No space in which to put things, nothing. How is God even thinking? Has he developed a brain, from nothing? He's writing all the laws of science first is he?  And then what - how is he designing and building these things, from nothing? Some kind of sketch-pad or god software that he's spun out of a non-existent vacuum? He's designing and building these things with no material, no anything? He hasn't even got a pen and paper, because remember, he's the first and only thing there is. He can't see, because there's nothing to see and he hasn't invented light. He can't hear either because there's nothing to hear. According to the Bible he's saying things, but he can't be because he hasn't invented sound waves yet, or language, and I always find it interesting that people seem to know what he was saying at this point when Earth hadn't even been created, never mind people.   How do people believe this is *actually* what happened?
It's that theists use lines like "something can't come from nothing", and yet completely fail to acknowledge that that means their God can't either.
Nope, still makes no sense.   Something, at some point, had to come from nothing, whether that was God or something else.
You're just doing the usual theist game of pissing around with words as if that will ever prove anything.   I don't know, and as you rightly say, nor do you, and nor does anyone else. So why do theists keep insisting that God is the answer?
For the same reasons no-one else has either?
Troll or wanker?  Oh yeah, easy: both.
&gt; 1. Logical: The greater cannot come from the lesser.  Really? So according to you, two people can't have three children?
Crawl back under your rock you fucking redneck caricature.   You're having a go at another religion and all you're doing is disgracing your own.
