Some people prefer not to go anywhere they might accidentally be caught feeling happy.
Ah, you must work in Labor Optimization.
Alright, Immanuel Kant.
Easy account based WAN/internet access and smart offline caching are the killer Plex features for me.
Wait, are you saying the exact thing that made the walled garden better is something 90% of people don't want or need?
Isn't the 9$ CHIP allwinner too?
It's a down economy and we are running a deficit.
Because the store wants to retain the customer, or doesn't want the risk of the customer using a stolen card or charging back the original payment.
Yeah that actually seems secretly more racist.
Whatever the hell was going on there this is clearly a man who marches to the beat of his own drum, and grabs life by the horns. The drum is likely extra terrestrial in nature.
Three quarters of Ryse: Son of Rome was QTE or similar and I very much enjoyed it.
I wouldn't buy a crappy one, and often the accessory kiosks might as well say "we took the time to buy this off EBay for you."  There are some cool brands with lifetime warranties on the glass, fingerprint resistant, and just all around nice to use. And nothing beats having a phone exposed to sand, coins, keys, laptop bag, and 3 - 9 front pocket drops onto concrete or tile or the like, and it looks just as good as the day it came out of the box. "
I agreed with you until you used faggot as a pejorative.  Your condemnation and tone is inappropriate and rude. You should know better.
I absolutely agree.  Fph should absolutely be allowed to within its own space to mock, joke, say, discuss and believe terrible things. The bright line test of belief and speech is always from an unpopular, controversial or reviled opinion; there would be no argument if it wasn't.  But our consensus, and our broad strokes of what is right and good, were once revolutionary and radical and insane ideas, and it was not through permission alone that they came to be the zeitgeist.  I think the central core of democracy is the idea that every man (and woman) should seek out and weigh the truth for themselves, and not solely allow others to dictate what is truth.    I believe democracy is the idea that the marketplace of ideas is strongest and best when operated not through force, but through dialogue and influence. To quote Dale Carnegie, "A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still."
You're pretty comfortable showing your mother's button off like that.
Discerning gentlemen know that  the wang is the thang to hook a proper lady.
I'm assuming yoga is different from "yoga"
This is even fucking worse because usually what is aggressive is "just past when I like it or are attracted to you."  I hate it. The only winning move is not to play.
Being a creep is so insidious because what you do and what you say ultimately doesn't matter.  It only matters if it succeeds or fails, and if it fails you're done. All you can do and all you can say is nothing.
For you. For the girl next to you, it's not forward, it's a felony.
The catharsis when you remembered the show was like an orgasm of the soul.
I have zero problem with being involved with women who have multiple sexual partners and do not avoid "sluts." So that post hoc explanation is out the window.
I know, I think it's awesome. I just want the post to stay up.
God damn I love me some Audible.
That's ridiculous. And I thought it was disgusting that the DMCA could make it illegal for me to break into my own media to make a legal backup copy.
Ahh, organ repo. I like it.
Plus it helps dull the disgust and disappointment you married a female and not you "best friend" Charlie from church camp.
Nah they have 3 year cell phone contracts, that's basically Nazi Germany.
That's what parody is.   It's one of the pillars of free speech and Fair Use.
Wow, you crumble under pressure faster than my dad's expectations.
I like to imagine this is the origin story of a damn fine OSHA inspector.
I can feel the gaping maw of insecurity though space and time.
So you're McLovin.
I would love to see net account level based off of shadowbanned accounts during the same time.
Yeah, wouldn't want to make it weird.
Man I'd think if you had hyperfocus you'd have the "inability to filter or weigh relative values of attention catching things" at least sometimes.
Or to raise rates and then get additional money while adding no value.
It's not sexy, but damn if I don't appreciate a five star glittering red flag to warn me to get out of town.
Sure but you better manage your local backups like a hawk and don't blame the phone guy when you lose 5 years of contacts and photos because you washed your phone and it exists no where else.
I feel sorry for you.
If it's not Biblically relevant to legally divorce when they're commanded to not divorce, then there should be absolutely zero "biblical" opposition to legally sanctioned gay marriage.
I'd recommend The Practicing Mind, an excellent book about focusing on the process, not stressing about the result, and living mindfully in the moment.  I think being the best you can be is good. I think being present in the moment is both an effective process and a worthwhile "goal."  Maybe I read into it, but when you talk about ambition and aspirations it sounds to me like accepting a dartboard of things to be and things to do from others, constantly compare yourself to those ideals, and then speak poorly to and criticise yourself when you are not at the ideal result.  That is exhausting.
For like 65% of all phone issues, yes.
Trigger warning: ignorance
Damn.  I am not only touched, but inspired by the fortitude of these two boys. This photo gives me the feeling in a moment that they are and will honor their lost friends.
Very tempting design. It looks great.
Go back to co.uk, yah damn netbacks. Murica.net
If it's in your hands, you have to accept uncertainty, and also must actually take action.
Fads till I die
I was really wondering if you were being facetious, but then I realized you meant there isn't enough audited code to successfully build the Debian project alone, and not there was *no* code auditing.
