&gt; max my 401k up to company's matching program;  First of all, if I were you, I'd bump this up to $18k/yr, the legal max. It sounds like you have extra money you don't know what to do with, and already max your IRA.  &gt; I drive a 12-year old car   &gt; I've decided to spend $20K all-in over the next 3 years on a new, leased bmw.  I love cars. I love driving them; I love working on them. I don't think that going out and leasing one "just because" is a good idea though. You said you don't live in the city, but how much time do you spend in your car every day? I've had a BMW, and I absolutely understand the appeal of one, but why not go buy a 5-year old one with cash?   &gt; save and invest so you can have a lot of money! -- if i fast forward 20 years, won't that advice still be the same?   No, because if you do it, you'll have a lot of money, and if you choose, you can live off of investment returns. [If you save 50% of your income, you'll never need to work again after just 17 years.](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/)  &gt; When will the advice ever change to SPEND MONEY AND LIVE YOUR LIFE, YOU IGNORAMUS?  Here, on this sub? Probably never. You absolutely should spend a little on fun things. But going out and purposefully making poor financial decisions just because you never have before? Why would you do that?  &gt; I often feel guilty when I do buy something (e.g. I bought a $1,200 watch for my mom's 60th birthday, which she loves &amp; wears every day, but even now I feel a bit guilty spending that much on something, even if it is for my mom (stingy much?)).   Honestly, that's ok. I wouldn't call you stingy at all. What can a $1200 watch do that a $200 watch can't do?   &gt; I hate that people are brainwashed into saving for the future, but then when the future comes and they're "financially independent" -- they're still shackled and bound.   I'm confused by this. What are they shackled and bound by? If you have enough money that you can live comfortably until you die, you can do whatever you want, no shackles. If you dont, by the time you want to retire, it simply means you haven't been saving enough.  &gt; I'd rather live better when I'm young and cut back when I'm old tired and useless to society.  Why do you have to retire when you're old and tired? I will retire when I'm 45. Check out /r/financialindependence.
If anything, I personally think you should spend a *smaller* percentage on rent as your income increases.  The law of diminishing returns applies to your apartment as much as it does to the rest of your life. If you got a job tomorrow that doubled your paycheck, would you go out as soon as your lease is up and double your rent?
I'm not pro-life either, but those people make me irrationally angry for another reason:  If I honestly believed that abortion was the actual murder of babies, and it was being conducted on the scale that it is, I wouldn't stop at lame protests in front of womens' health centers.  I would be doing everything in my power to get it to stop. I don't think most people on that side of the issue actually believe what they're spewing.
&gt; Well you will need to make more than 35k to retire young.  While I agree with that, he did specifically say:  &gt; I'd like to retire by 60/65  That's not young. The whole range of those ages is above when you can make withdrawals from tax-advantaged accounts, and the age when you can begin receiving social security benefits is right in the middle. Two fairly common retirement standards.
&gt; I budgeted to contribute 10% to a 401k  Your retirement was not funded "just fine". At only a 10% contribution, you'll have to work for at least 51 years from when  you begin it. Good luck!
&gt; Assuming a 5% salary increase yearly   This is counting your chickens before they hatch. Your salary could plateau, or even go down.  Also, accounting for salary increases means you'll have to work even further if you maintain the same investment rate, as your spending will go up, and you'll need to finds to cover it in retirement.
To all of you crying about "stolen valor":  [The law amends the federal criminal code to make it a crime for a person to fraudulently claim having received any of a series of particular military decorations and awards with the intention of obtaining money, property, or other tangible benefit from convincing someone that he or she rightfully did receive that award.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stolen_Valor_Act_of_2013#Provisions.2FElements_of_the_bill)  There are no medals/ribbons on the BDUs. Even if there were, this person is not benefiting from them in any way. Also, The BDU is a phased out uniform.  This person is a civilian. Maybe one with no tact or class, but a civilian nonetheless. This person can wear whatever the hell she wants, and you, the military member, are defending her right to do so. You can tell her not to wear it until you're blue in the face, and she is perfectly capable of telling you to fuck right off.  It's not worth your time to even worry about it, much less complain about it on the internet.
&gt; What is my next move?  Depends on your goals and how far away they are. Maybe your company will help paying for your Masters? When do you think you'll have those kids? Maybe a house? Retirement?  The first thing I'd recommend you do is take a look at [this article](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/). Not because you're necessarily thinking about retiring early, but look at the lower percentages on the chart and see how long you'll have to work. From the day you start investing for retirement, not from the day you start working.  You're doing great, honestly. but I do have a problem with:  &gt; neither of us has it in mind to start off our marriage in debt  &gt; I have a car payment of $550/mo  You're in debt now! Are you planning on paying off the car before you get married? It's not a monthly bill, it's a large amount of money you owe someone else. What is the interest rate, and how much do you owe?
But, those people making $60k gross are paying income taxes, likely have other benefits, and likely are making ~45k net. Then they have a rent or mortgage that takes up a large portion of their pay.
&gt; when he does need a million dollar house?  When will anyone "need" a million dollar house?
"Want" is an appropriate word here.
You don't "need" to be a homeowner. Neither does OP, neither do I, and neither does anyone else.
Wait, are you an old man now?  Because if not, you have a bunch of seasons to watch between now and then.
&gt; Well the doors were locked  So, hold on. You showed up at a government office, after hours, to locked doors, while the folks inside were obviously getting ready to go home, and you expect the folks to be welcoming and courteous to you while you showed them no respect at all?  Good luck in the Army.  Or, you can fix your attitude and come back during normal working hours.
The ones with raised pieces are better at hiding scratches. If your job involves climbing around on stuff for maintenance, or squeezing in tight spaces, you'd need a new plain buckle fairly often.
Why not both?
Not necessarily. Who told you that?
A cadet?  Bud, you need to go talk to someone whose actual job is to put people in the service. Not someone who is going to school to eventually be there.
I have a serious question that nobody ever seems to consider:  What makes a house a "starter"? If you took away that connotation, which one would you want?
Wouldn't that mean that what you once thought of as "starter" now just is "forever"?
I would turn the $100k I found in to the cops, of course.
All of the brackets seem a little low.
I don't think everybody knows this.
Hymen jokes are funny and all, but does he really need two boats named after him? 709 and planned 795.  I don't think anyone else has ever had two, unless you count George Washington getting confused with Washington state.  [Edit] Ok, so I went and looked it up. George Washington has, unsurprisingly, had several ships named after him. I still don't think anyone other than he or Rickover have had more than one though.
But that's how real life works.  Show up on time, go through the motions of your job, get your paycheck.
Sounds like the course should just be offered in a one weekend format then.  Or even better, you should be able to test out at the beginning of the year. If you already know the information, why sit through it at the pace of the slowest learner?
Definitely my job.   But I'd also estimate 90% of white collar work is the same.  A good portion of blue collar work is, too. If you show up on time and ready to work, you're already head and shoulders above the competition.
Sounds like free money, then.  "Here, I'll pay you to hang out at my house for a few hours."
It doesn't really work like that. If you fail any one of the portions, you fail the whole thing. /u/SCShouter just didn't fail any parts. Not really a big deal.  If you address anyone as Sailor out in the real world, you're going to have a really bad time.
&gt; you will be a millionaire  Caveat: *at traditional retirement age*. You don't just suddenly become one.
Whoa, don't just throw that around like it's nothing.  Do your *research*, find out if you *really* want to be a submariner first. We don't need people in the sub force who don't want to be there.
That was my thought, too. We're going to see a lot of male MTs going to mast for sexual harassment soon (both real *and* falsely reported), and there's no way around it.
Supply officer is, hands down, the *best* job on a submarine.
$0, by not panicking. In fact, I bought even more shares because they were on sale.
Cars are not investments. They are depreciating consumer goods.
Totally off the wall idea:  Work from home for clients in Australia?
But, if you are 90, are you still worried about your principle lasting forever?
I guess it could be more purple, but it looks right on my screen.  Also, did you mean [this one](http://www.medalsofamerica.com/Galleria/2/f058-Large.jpg)? Looks light blue to me.
It sounds like you need a new job.  You can have the job you want, if you don't care where you live. You can live where you want, if you don't care what you do.  It's time for you to move.
&gt; it is "only" one CSG   I think you're underestimating a CSG, especially a modern one.
&gt; Develop and field test a new flame-resistant coverall this year that could resemble the Coast Guard working uniform.  A. They should have done this decades ago.  B. Why does it need "developing" or "field testing"? Those have *already* been done. You know, by the Coast Guard.
I'm not saying don't do it. I really do hope someone who knows the answer will tell him.  I'm just saying if they're worried about a short period like A school, it's something they need to think about as a couple for the long run. Deployments are rough on relationships.
Or just change the rules so you can wear any uniform anywhere, just like all the other services. Why is that so hard?
I love how they specify you can wear your underwear with your civvies.
Just because you did something somewhere else a specific way doesn't make that the right way.
That's a fair point. I'd also concede that there's probably not much of a reason to wear anything other than dress uniforms or civvies off base *overseas*.   That's not really a good enough reason to completely disallow something in the uniform regs, though. Command instructions should be able to take care of it if necessary.
You'll make a great nuke with that healthy sarcastic wit.
Shore power on a boomer is the tits though.   On the way home you go topside before everyone else, wrench open the shore power trunks, and have a cigar while you wait for the boat to tie up.  Sure, you're still there for the shutdown *long* after the coners have left, but that hour or so on the way home is the only real relaxing peace you get; you might as well enjoy it.
&gt; judging by Facebook  Hey, remember that for most people, Facebook is like a highlight reel or a best of. Maybe it's awkward contacting the mom, but at 15, I'd imagine your daughter has her own account? Why not just send her a message or something?
&gt; How low-rent does somebody have to be to look at a $35K/year salary and think that's gold-digging material?  That's looking at someone fairly new. E-3 or 4 with less than 4 years in. That pay never takes a cut. It is guaranteed to go up with time. Stick around with this guy for 10 years, and if he makes a career and gets a retirement, you get *half* even if you divorce. And military retirement pay, even for a 20-year E-6, is nothing to sneeze at.
