Yep, I would think so.
Yeah, I'm actually cool with them keeping the Skyrim engine. Modders are comfortable with it, should make for an explosive mod arena in the months after release.
Who gives a shit about graphics? Companies dumping all their dev budget into pretty images is what's killing games. Spend it on writing and area design and etc, you get a better game.  Besides which, plenty of people enjoyed 3, so I guess what I'm saying is you're entitled to your opinion but also shut up?
I was making a joke, man. Don't read so much into it.
Because comedians are a really valid and valuable source for backing up an argument.
Similarly, folks that act like hallucinogens are the gateway to god/brilliance/etc.
This comment made my skin crawl.
Could we not have this circlejerk in here, maybe?
&gt;Use item   Jump   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Loading   Equip Amulet of Slowfall   Use Item   Land safely in Ald'Ruhn  For real, though, despite how poorly Morrowind handled this kind of rapid overland movement (due to tech limitations), it really made the game more fun. It's a shame the more modern TES games haven't followed suit.
If the Midwestern Brotherhood is in the game and Tactics becomes more than fringe canon, NMA is going to *flip the fuck out and it's going to be hilarious*.
I'm still hoping (well, ok, "hoping") that Boners of Boston catches on.
Agree. I just start to feel bad for the kids on the field past a point.
What? We had a rough year, but if you think we're worse than maybe 16-17, you're deluded.
I mean listen, as a Bills fan I'm of course obligated to hate them because of the '90s, but right now it's more of a Greg Hardy/Jerry Jones hate, to be honest with you.
I don't think Hollywood is gonna go for it, too risky.
Probably Rodak.  \#fuckRodak  edit: oh analysts, not reporters. whatever, fuck rodak anyway
Bel Air Bills? Shit only if we get to dress up in Fresh Prince themed clothes basically 24/7.
Oh God, I get chills just thinking about how awful that combination is.
Jesus Browns, don't do this to yourself.
Says a fan of one of the handful of teams in triple digit fans.
You've got a lower bar for fantastic than I do, then. Some of the stories were decent, a couple individual books were even *good*, but I can't think of a single EU story I'd describe as *fantastic*.
Pizza. The question is, does it create a pizza, or does it turn whatever I shoot into pizza? Because it it fires pizzas, that's awesome, but if whatever it fires at turns *into* a pizza that's horrifying.
I'd like to imagine that the tech is still in its infancy, so instead of being able to choose toppings, there's just a dial that goes from "White Pizza" to "Hawaiian Pizza." So the left is the cheese spectrum (no sauce, regular cheese, extra cheese, six cheese, etc), the center is the regular toppings section (starting with veggie pizzas, slowly transitioning into meat/veggie combos, and then just your pepperoni/sausage/etc pizzas), and then the right side of the dial gets you more esoteric shit like sriracha pizzas and pineapple pizzas. So using it is as much an art as a science. Like you could try for a bacon/green peppers/grilled chicken pizza but nudge the dial just too far and end up with green peppers/red peppers/sausage.
I'm glad you didn't go spaghetti/7, I think one comment can only contain so many memes.
Everybody that eats it gets brain parasites that make them think the food was good.
Oh God a pho large is like an anything else "for two". Respect and envy from me to you.
Yeah but 1-0 against people freezing, starving, and fleeing other threats, so he's basically the Packers.
If I ever desperately need post karma in a hurry, I know what to do now.
That's the glory of it, it never has to.
Houston's punter looks like he just got off somebody's couch somewhere. Like he's headed back to a bowl of Doritos on the sideline.
That's pretty plainly not true. They've never been consistently great, but he has had at least one season with a top 10 Defense, and a couple in the teens. Yeah, his average is like 21st, but if you're picking up the 28th and moving it to the 21st, that's still fairly impressive.
I wouldn't worry about 'supposed to happen.' If you don't want that thing to come to pass, don't let it come to pass.
Hahahaha, are you just out of people to troll today? Is that why you had to go back to a post two weeks old? Or, even better, have you been stewing over this for *fifteen days*? Jesus Christ that's pathetic.  a) "you do" as if I have a hand in it or have ever actually done it, I have no say in the moderation policies. Hell I don't even frequent any of the related subs outside of the Gaming sub, and even then only because I get tired sometimes of how garbage /r/gaming, /r/Games, and even /r/truegaming are at times.  b) motherfucker, I know more about the history of Nazi (and post-Nazi) Germany than you could even begin to tackle, don't presume to lecture me on something you once watched a three hour History Channel special on. To say nothing of the fact that 'snooping' (aka fucking *spying*) is something that literally every government in the world does. It wasn't the spying that caused the outrage, it was the systematic execution of millions of innocents.  I didn't "shoot back" because I was happy to let you wind your ignorant little way out into the world, but if you want this to be a fucking thing, well it can be a fucking thing.
This sub is super fucked up sometimes, and I cannot explain why.
&gt; many women have begun to use this claim  Oh bullshit. The FBI statistic is around 8%. Is that too high? Yes. Is that ***many***? No, and piss off for using such garbage inflammatory language. Either walk that back, or own up to whatever masculine superiority opinions you secretly are harboring.
Suggestion: as much as this is a triumph, it'll be even more so if you start calling this shit out when you see it. You really wanna help/make things better, that's the way to go.  You don't have to do it to strangers/put yourself in harm's way necessarily, but if you've got "that one friend" or whatever, make sure he knows when he's being an asshole.
God what I wouldn't give for another game as strange and beautiful as Morrowind was in my imagination. I mean obviously the graphics weren't great, but damn that game just fired up my mind. The next game needs to not disappoint.
Christ Astrology people are weird.
I'm preeeeetty sure it is.
Well yeah, because we suck. It's like hating the Browns, or Georgia State. Why waste the energy?
McDonalds announced all day breakfast and I got so hyped... and then they announced that McGriddles weren't on the all day menu. Like, what's the point, McDs? That's like Taco Bell not selling tacos.
That's probably a more palatable reason than mine, we'll go with that.
&gt; The inexorable march towards death  I'm pretty sure you mean the inexorable march towards immortal cyborg-dom?
Only if your logo looks like the old Bucs logo, but green.
Yeah I'm pretty sure I wanna do this.
only good things.
I'd vote for him over Trump.
that's just what your white overlords want you to think
while dreaming about Pacha apparently. Wow this *is* a really gay movie
To be fair, I'm pretty sure Tom Hanks could tell me about any damn thing he wanted and I'd listen.
