You're one of the customers that aren't memorable, and IMO, that's a good thing.
I'm with ya! People who write acronyms wrong, in general, drive me nuts. My classmates often write GCDWQ incorrectly, like they just figure "eh I have all the letters, it should make enough sense."
Not-memorable. And a bit chubby.
I wish they would have at least picked a less lispy kid to sing it.  Handth thomatch mouth and finth.
I thought the dev said that notifications and music control was working in his thread on CrackBerry?  If the dev does have complete support for the Time later on, I may consider getting one.
I can't find the scene on YouTube, but I loved when Dewey was picked up on the side of the road by the nice lady and he keeps singing the alphabet.  "A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D."  "Honey, E. E comes after D."  "I know. A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D."
She avoids them herself.  &gt; "I change the channel. I can't take it," McLachlan said. "I can't even look at it. It's just so depressing."  [Source](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/05/05/sarah-mclachlan-aspca_n_5267840.html)
The Hockey Song - Stompin' Tom Connors. I don't think I need to tell you what country =)
Something a man does that is considered "assertive" can be considered "bitchy" if a woman does the same thing.
I think I read somewhere they sort of started contract talk, but I dunno. I liked him at times, but I won't be heartbroken if he's gone.
OP, wait in that stall until you hear someone come in. Then exit the stall like everything's normal and see how confused you can get them.
Maybe it means "Sexy's on"?
I thought Hayley and Doug Wickenheiser were cousins, not siblings?
Putting down everyone to make themselves look better, then acting like they're the victim when they get told to stop it.
I didn't mind this, especially for the basics like the times tables. I find it a little sad when people pull out their phones for the most basic of things, like adding a tip.
I think there was a post on the front page about Chris Pratt as Indiana Jones. I'm kinda ehhh on it.
For a second, I was sad for you because I thought you wrote "he never came back."
Even better: peel off one end, then blow the straw wrapper at sibling/parents/significant other.
Should have taken all her stuff and given it to charity.
I actually don't find the "bad" flavours to be that bad. They're undesirable, but not vomit worthy, IMO. The only one I won't eat is the black one cause I hate black liquorice.
I was wondering who Moritz was the entire time and just assumed he was the dude who filmed this.
I really *love* Picross. It's a puzzle game that involves filling in squares according to numbers to create a picture. I've finished Picross DS and Picross 3D. I really wish these types of games were more popular so there would be more sequels.
Don Sweeney is a double agent for another team. Calling it now.
Then we'll get 3 first round picks ... and go all Don Sweeney. O.o
Same. Even if you do manage to fix a problem that the customer themselves caused, they'll just use your name and complain to head office to get free stuff.
Stopping people from using "and I" when it's not necessary. "... and me" is perfectly fine in certain situations.
Or the people who go the wrong way around the roundabout just so they don't have to go 3/4 of the way around to make a turn.
The Skate needs to be our third. The Orca/Stick-in-Rink is way too similar in colour and design to be the home/away and third sets.
The kids in the movie really annoyed me. Ty Simpkins will now forever be the kid who ruined Jurassic Park and Iron Man 3.
Sounds like allergy medicine.
This movie will probably flop like Pan, IMO
Even if you got it to work (even via Casper), there's a high chance they'll ban your account. So it's probably a no.
I think Jarnkrok wears it?
I think the main difference is Diet Coke and Coke Zero use different artificial sweeteners.
If nothing else, I would re-load the OS, though I'm sure that's probably the last thing you want to do.
Ouch. Feel bad for Higgins, but something's gotta give. Good luck to him.
I think they just travelled and practiced with the team, but they're not quite ready to play yet.
In your case, it might have been better to report them to corporate rather than the health inspector. Inspectors will follow up on the complaint, but it's very difficult to catch them in the act with infrequent visits. Hotels often have internal inspectors that are pickier as well.
I don't know why I was waiting for "I farted in the pants and placed them on his desk."
It might be too short after being cut if its an intermediate stick.
Maybe it provides a little more friction to help them close the glove? I dunno just grasping at straws here.
I don't need it, but congratulations! =)
We also have Sutter coming back so it's not that awful. I hope.
The Swamps of Dagobah story would not change.
I laughed when Kylo Ren removed his helmet for the first time because the character and actor looked like he belonged in a Disney Channel movie instead.
I think Henrik's stats without Daniel are better than Daniel's stats without Henrik, but not by much.
Both the Sedins as a conjoined goalie.  And maybe Chara. I feel like he would look like a Daddy long legs in net.
That answer is my favourite to this question from all the prospects thus far.
I hate her character. Super hacker, super agent, super hero. What *can't* she do?
In those cases, I always choose the option that will cost the company the most. It's petty but it makes me feel a little better.
