He was the GOAT when he was playing but wouldn't hold a candle to today's players.
So then he's not the GOAT.
If, at the end of the season, the Twins have a top 10 record, I will buy you breakfast. No, really, I will put $15 in a PayPal account of your choice if the Twins have a top 10 record at the end of the 2015 season.
Well at least Goldy isn't like 5th
Beautiful swings by Trumbo
I love jokes from 2013. Tell me more about this Harlem Shake thing
Stoked to see what Ray can do with an opportunity like this
We look like a minor league baseball team. "D-backs" across the chest in an extreme font? It's ridiculous. We need a total revamp.
You know, you can say original stuff on reddit. You don't just have to regurgitate memes in every comment you make.
Swanson...I don't know how to feel
Why do you care
ur lame honeslty
I mean, Joc Pederson is starting in the ASG this year...
Hard to say. They're both top 2
No
But...but..he's black and opinionated!
MadBum's delivery is so rough on baserunners, it's not fair
Why do we spend so much time talking about how well guys hit in the 4-spot vs. other spots in the lineup? Does it really matter at all?
I know, I just don't get this fixation as if players suddenly just...become better hitters when they're placed in the 4-spot.
Well would you have liked Ahmed up with the bases loaded?
We generally have a good chance when Anderson is on the mound
It's kind of refreshing, they take a pretty new-school approach to...basically everything
3 rings and 4 no-hitters (including a perfect game) since the turn of the decade are you fucking kidding me
I'll take a 1-0 victory behind a no-no  I just know better. I might as well gather some pillows to cry into tonight
Kind of relieved, didn't wanna see Chase throw 120 pitches. His thing used to be that he couldn't stay healthy
Great, so we're gonna lose the game like this
What a good AB by Lamb
eh you're right that was dumb
Looks much better honestly
Well that's weird, not sure I've ever looked forward to seeing my team lose a game
This joke is not ~~that fucking~~ funny
I don't want to comment on how good this game is because I'm pretty superstitious about baseball
Cliff Pennington is a better outfielder than Mark Trumbo ever was
I would bet $2,000,000 that we'll see Hernandez sometime this game.
I think you're watching the same television program I am
"I think the first pitch should be right down the middle"
Fuck conventional wisdom  Walk this fucker
Funny, because when we made that 3-team trade with the Tigers and Yankees, most people were saying that we got the worst return of the deal.   I'd say we probably won the trade pretty handily, but only time will tell. We also still have to see how Domingo Leyba turns out.
Bummer, Pollock isn't even a top-15 outfield vote-getter :/
You know he has more money than you, right? If he wanted a Galaxy...he'd probably not be using an iPhone.
Then it's Goldy and not even debatable
Nobody talks about how lucky we are to be watching this guy. Truly an all-time great, regardless of the steroids thing.
O
What the fuck dude? Are you kidding me? Not happy about this
I want to vomit
The Dodgers are/were assholes for celebrating in our pool in 2013, moreso for pissing in it and bragging about it
I think O'brien gets traded
I don't think you have any idea of what you're talking about. You're saying the Diamondbacks are **5-7 years** away from competing, yet the Diamondbacks' win percentage is 0.014 worse than that of the Mets. Even better, the Diamondbacks haven't lost 5 games straight.
I mean the idea of a goat curse is pretty funny, let's be honest here
You know there are 3rd party camera apps on the App Store, right? They have "all the cool features," I promise you.
