Graphics are so overrated. I don't give two big farts about FPS, resolution or any of that crazy technical shit. Just give me a great story and a fully upgraded Hunting Rifle or bring back Ol Painless and I'll be good to go. Good graphics don't make a good game, the same people that complain about graphics are so hypocritical because they probably have the biggest boner for retro style indie games. Which I love, but I don't care about visuals. Just don't make my eyes sore.
Or just be sad and alone and have a big bed all the time
Too bad this isn't on a Wii, then we could call it Deja Nintendo! Eh?
I always thought Dwight Yoakam would make a great McPoyle
Are they a high school couple? Jesus, this is the most annoying team in the NBA
Worth it.
By that logic where is Robert Horry on your list?  Or Steve Kerr?
Yeah, Sansa wishes she looked like that.
dawg, we get to build our own fucking settlements.  It's like they spied on my wet dreams
build your own weapons and armor and have enemies come out of the ground and then have a voice and then be able to make your character actually look like a real person and then be able to craft things out of the random trash you find and then and then and then
Don't worry, bitch, you're a lion.
I like that fresh fade on 7
I always thought this was such a white thing to do.
I don't like you anymore, you taste like a burger.
I prefer the leveling system Skyrim had over Fallout's
Idk why but I think these are so goddamn funny
No, not in the way they're intended. I promise.
If you like road construction you should move to Chapel Hill.
Because people got gift cards, shark card were 50% off, grinding for a yacht is ridiculous, not everyone  plays GTA exclusively and hackers are fucking annoying. At least that's why I did it
I wish I had this game ):
Well the fact that they had meaningless games AFTER the playoffs games is a pretty bad sign.
sorta how I feel about the National Title (;
Come on guys, we have to make other conferences believe that every SEC defense is great.  I mean just look at Georg- I mean, just look at Flor- I mean, just look at Tenness-  Shit.
Yeah. I've never understood why you wouldn't want your conference to be the best. What's the point of being excited to play your rival if your rival is 2-10? You'd want them to be undefeated so if you beat them it actually means something. Oh well
What ever happened to the starting off in modifieds, then truck, then Busch, then cup?  It was so cool when guys would retire and you'd get offers for their job. Other AI drivers would move up. You could even buy your own teams in every series. I'll never know why they stopped doing this. IMO it was the best career mode for any sports game.
I know this will never ever happen but please let this happen
ACC fans are ridiculous.
I think we did that.
I feel exactly the opposite.
A rough year or two sounds great, considering we've been having a rough five or seven.
With the talent we're retaining I think we're easily a 10 win team. I'm hoping we can keep Leonard Floyd but I really don't think so.
Sorry you had to have Muschamp.
Yeah, maybe. He was in over his head at Florida.
You just gave me a boner
We went from no special teams coach to landing the son of the best special teams coach ever. Are we building a dynasty?
We will never have a problem recruiting at UGA. The state is a top 3 recruiting state and we tend to lock down top recuits regularly. For fuck's sake we reached all the way out to Washington. We can get the talent in but we've been wasting it. I'm hoping Kirby can change that.
Yes. Cam is kinda like LeBron James in the sense that anywhere he went (within reason) he would have won them a National Title. That's the nicest thing I'll ever say about Cam ever again. I'm going back to sticking pins into my Cam voodoo doll.
This will be our year  Chubb for Heisman oh God no  There's always next year
Don't forget Nick Marshall. Also, I think Louisville should be UGA's next big rival. JHC transfered there, Grantham is their DC and fucking Petrino helped murder the Falcons.
I'll never pull for the Panthers. Not even in a Space Jam situation where the Panthers have to play for the existence of the human race.
I would give just about anything for a fappening type leak centered around Steph
As a fan of dumpster fires and train wrecks PLEASE LET THIS HAPPEN
UGA dynasty. That has a nice ring to it.
At least no one from Alabama will get that joke! Double burn!
I'll take what I can get
Well, hell. I always thought that was a joke. It's funny, if you look up Hokie it takes you to a VT site that explains that a Hokie has nothing to do with a turkey. I guess they're embarrassed.
Having to play us and Bama would be too much for them. Let's hope it gets started back up.
I love their 'traditions'
I wish I could upvote you twice. Just for your username
DABO?  MORE LIKE DABONEM.  goddamn the Panthers.
