I'm surprised he's lasted this long.  I know this is a development year for Aprilia but it doesn't make it any less embarrassing to be dead last every time.
I thought Ike Turner was the Hero of Music. lol
Mostly drugs according to The Armstrong Lie lol
The CTD won't be any more plusher. If you want plush, go with a Revelation or a Pike. The new Fox 36 is also very plush, and their new line of forks should be plush as well.
A Fox 32 is hardly an ultra light XC fork. He asked for opinions on plush from people who ridden both non CTD and CTD 32s and that's what I did. Now, how exactly are you helping?
Buying stock in Crestfield Wax paper now...
Suntour forks.  I know their air forks are supposed to be "ok" (although I haven't seen any details as to what kind of damping they use and how good it works), but their bottom rung stuff that they put on all beginner's bikes is all crap.
TLD A1 helmet.  Great fit, good ventilation, and great looks.
Obama should have been on Girl on Guy first instead of WTF
This movie was tailor-made for How Did This Get Made podcast, but I  wouldn't want them to give FIFA any publicity or revenue.
No doubt this is the best way to go to not sink in a lot money on an entry level bike, but I'd rather find a good used fork with better damping and adjustment.
MotoGP clearly doesn't need Stoner.  I don't know why people can't seem to let go and accept that a) he's gone and so are his golden days and b) motoGP has moved on and no one except die-hard fans have missed him
I honestly think the only guy so far that can retire and have a significant impact on MotoGP is Rossi.
Not any better than blind fanboyism.  I'd much rather see new talent who are the future of the sport.
Best show ever.
I wish it would have gone 11 vs 11 the entire 90 mins.  Sloppy indeed from the US, they don't have any other gameplan except "kick it to Wambach/Morgan".  I'm ready to the US to get eliminated, way too much hype for low quality results.
Thanks for the good input. I understand that hvac in the hot attic is not good but all homes here are built that way.
Another vote for her character dying in Season 6.  The sooner the better.
The downturn was the perfect excuse for companies to get rid of jobs, pay less, and have employees do more work.  They're perfectly happy to keep things this way since "times are still tough" and "we need to stay on the path of recovery" or whatever BS they can spin.
Suntour's bottom-end forks really are junk.  It's really crappy that pretty much all beginner bikes come with these type of forks--I'd rather not get a fork and find my own or get a rigid fork.
You win the award for most misguided post ever.  I'm not even from mexico but I have a hard time giving any kind of validity to any of your "points" since they're based on completely erroneous assumptions.
You've nailed it.  I cannot wait for them to get knocked out and have the likes of Wambach and hopefully Morgan go off into the sunset.
There are far, far worse things in this country to worry about besides "they took our jubs!" hysteria.  By the way, correlation does not equal causation for whatever it is that you have "objectively observed".
Agreed that the tactics and the playing philosophy need a serious and complete overhaul.  The USWNT's tactics were long in the tooth even back in '99.  Japan has shown that you can win by playing good, smart soccer and not by only out running/out muscling your opponent.
No they won't, just watch Japan play.
I wish The Stig would have been with them (or even taken off his helmet) at the end.  Both episodes were hilarious and I guess i'm still in a state of shock/denial that it was truly the last episode.  I felt incredibly uncomfortable when both said 'thank you for watching and goodnight'
I don't have a problem with MM being agressive, but he needs to stop his whining when things don't go his way.
Yes, but I feel that Toyota are the worst offenders in making it a point to put the least effort into a car, demanding a premium for it, and refuting that it's not a good car just because it has their logo in the front.  The "new" Tacoma is almost a perfect example--claiming it's the instantaneous best truck ever when really is that it's a warmed-over rehash of the current model with problems that they still don't know how to fix.
Not looking forward to this movie
This guy needs to retire running his mouth about MotoGP.  He sounds like one of those douchebags who like to badmouth their ex when in fact they got dumped for being a douchebag.
She's a good scream queen.  She probably got the worst death out of all the expandable characters.  I sort of wish she'd stuck around.
I got grossed out and scared as hell all in one.  The 'birthing' scene with Pablo was one of the most disgusting things I've seen in a show, and the creepy 'children' were scary as hell.    I like how Ash put duct tape on the cut on the side of his face LOL
Dodged a bullet on that one, go out an celebrate!
I won't put it past Stoner to be pissed off enough at Honda to come back and spoil their game plan, and possibly winning some races with a better Duc won't hurt either.
Beware of used full suspension bikes that are a couple of years old.  Technology moves quickly, and who knows how they've been maintained.  It's a lot smarter to go with a new(er) hardtail than an older full suspension.
Oh hell no.  She's terrible.
I had high hopes for it based on Daredevil, but the pacing, character development, plot, and bad acting really killed it for me.
Sad all around.  This guy should be getting the mental help he needs instead of being left to his own devices.
Congrats, now take some time to tidy up all those loose cables all over the place.
Good to see that someone in that position can still smile. It was truly heart-breaking to see how this kid was ground up and spit out by the system.
Try a 32T oval.  I went with this setup and it does feel a little easier to climb on compared to a normal 32T.
If loving big boobs is wrong, then I don't want to be right...
TV respects me.  It laughs with me, not *at* me.
Smith and Pinkett are involved with Scientologists.  That should be enough to invalidate any arguments or points they're trying to make.  They should go complain to Tom about not being nominated.
This show had me in stitches and so glad to see the Police Squad/Naked Gun humor make a come-back.  This show really needs a true deadpan guy like Leslie Nielsen, and they need to pace the gags a bit better but so far so good.  Rashida Jones can do no wrong!
That's fine, and you keep reading People, Vanity Fair, etc.
The Boy looks properly creepy and scary!  Are you afraid of being typecast in the horror genre due to The Walking Dead?  From the Talking Dead and other interviews it seems like you've got a great sense of humor, it'd be great to see you in a comedic role!
It will really depend on what Vale decides to do IMO.  I don't see Jor-gey going anywhere else and we all know Marquez isn't going anywhere.
I would watch "Washing Machines of The People" if it were to be hosted by May.  He can make anything look and sound interesting.
i really hope there is more meat to this than them just getting into crazy situations looking for a cat, otherwise it's going to be like a really, really long Key &amp; Peele skit.    Freaking hilarious with the George Michael song.
