India wil never be cleaned because Indians will always blame the system, the government, their neighbors and everyone else but themselves for their mess
But things change.  Plenty of people bust their ass for years in the shadows until something changes and they make it big  L
Why would they be hard? Just jump off a high mountain and land back on earth using a parachute. Duh
Nah. Half of them are David from Delaware
It is. But I wanted to bring this up because even the supposed "best" university in India for humanities education is so below par.  And we are talking about building new Harvards
Heard the first verse. Thought: meh, just another dad rock song. Rock is dead man.  Then the hook hit and I was grinning ear to ear.
I like Anand Mahindra. Guy is smart. He's also managed to make Mahindra an international-level automaker
When it comes to the environment, people have zero statistical intuition  Large cargo ships cause much more pollution that card  Similarly, we were all told not to waste water in our houses. But household water consumption is a tiny, tiny fraction of water usage. Iirc, in California, only 2% of water consumption was in homes and offices. The rest was in agriculture and industry  I believe climate change is a critical issue, but man, there is a lot of dogma and propaganda about it
Come on. Indian PMs have mostly been erudite. MMS was widely respected. As was Nehru and Vajyapaee.  Dunno about the Deve Gowdas and the IK Gujrals though
Nowhere close to IAS. I don't know about current numbers, but some 5-6k students used to get into IITs. The civil services have far, far fewer seats
I dont think even his supporters think that he is a good human being. They just see him as a blunt weapon to destroy the "establishment". Whatever that means.  This quote wouldnt outrage them. That he has filled his cabinet with Goldman Sachs multimillionaires should...but somehow, it doesnt.  For better or for worse, Trump has hypnotized the world. It's been nearly two years now and there is just nothing but Trump every fucking where.  Honestly, its made the internet a lot less fun for non Americans
Do people here realize that USA will be the defacto leader of the free world as long as it has 15 aircraft carriers and a $700B defence budget?  You cant claim to be the leader and then call on USA for help when shit hits the fan  For all the hysteria over it, the Paris agreement is also mostly symbolic. If it had any teeth, 195 countries wouldnt have agreed to it
Indians dont get offended by "cultural appropriation". In fact, if you appropriate our culture, we will love you for it.
Which is why it failed so miserably.
I think Arnie's charisma was in his slight cockiness. Lou comes across as a humble, decent guy. Arnie has that shit eating grin leak through
No one likes the Pakistan cricket team. Even the Pakistanis.
The worst is when MBA colleges like IIM factor in 10th and 12th marks during admissions.
Well, nothing comes close to UP.
Why is he wearing so many clothes? Like, who wears a full sleeve tee to a gym?
BJP IT cell has basically weaponized Indian autism.
Well they did lose most of their military aged masculine men.
Jeez, man. Himmler was a monster. Cruise is, at worst, an asshole.  We need to tone down our negative comparisons
You really overestimate the average Indian voter. This issue plays right into the Hindi belt's wishes and desires.
&gt; Fine these shitheads and see the change  This is the only solution. Nobody cares as long as it doesn't hurt their pocket.  Go all out Singapore. Fine people Rs. 5,000 for littering and see the results.
I know it was a joke, but it didnt work well. Surely they must have portable music players in this hyper advanced space world.
Why would you hold it against a studio for building up interest in its movies by submitting unique content on a popular forum?
I meant libertarian in an ironic sense.
Uber seems like such a scummy company. They make United Airlines and Chortel look good.
You have some great cinematography. Great work!
I have a lot of respect for Iran. One of the oldest civilizations in the world. Very rich culture and history.   Sucks that because of their anti-US stance, they are basically international pariahs
Of course. Once a few muslims turn extremist, BJP will have an excuse to start riots and achieve their dream of Hindu rashtra
You need to have a story to make a movie. Anand's story has no great struggle, no deeper narrative. Not saying that he didnt work hard, but there is nothing like, say, Dhoni - a guy from a tiny town becoming India's cricket captain.  He is one of India's greatest sportsmen, no doubt, but he wouldnt make for a great movie story
NYT says Comey "contradicts" NYT. Lol. Big word for "lies".
Not gonna lie, thats a big girl
I know its not much, but man, it must hurt like hell to go from the man Indian kids aspired to be - the King of Good Times - to be called chor
If I change my name to Brad Pitt, will I too become handsome?
I love the little moments of non action in between. Too many movies just devolve into mindless action without pause. But this one had moments where Wick would pause, stare at his mark, and even have a drink with them  The fight between him and Common felt so much like dancing
Why is Putin terrible when he is good for the Russian people? I know he isn't big on freedom of speech and stuff, but those aren't Russian values, have never been Russian values throughout its history.
How does the BJP get off on making Hindus adhere to Hindu beliefs when there are no strict Hindu beliefs in the first place? Ours has always been a "just wing it" religion.
Conspiracy theory: what if the leakers are Russian moles within the intelligence establishment and the leaks are a way to put pressure on Trump to deliver what he secretly promised the Russians: end sanctions
But we will gladly take in the billions it brings in through tourism
Doesnt matter if he was innocent or not. His personal issues are affecting his business' output, which makes him a bad CEO. Even if he was found to be innocent tomorrow, resigning now would still be a good move for the business' public image
TIL. Was that before the civil war? I always assumed that it was the ugly step child of India  Btw, we do have massive cultural capital in Sri Lanka. They know our songs, watch our shows and movies. They fucking played "Tujhe Dekha to Jana Sanam" during a wedding procession ffs
There's zero doubt about the physical and mental benefits of Yoga  Just don't sell it as a cure for cancer and gayness
Shilpa would be our Melania if Raj Kundra ever ran for prime minister
It's like a serial killer who murders your family but makes you a delicious cake before leaving.
I'll take a more expensive, inferior tasting cultured meat over conventional meat.
Waterson is already "fuck you" level rich.
That's a very poor assessment. The writer goes on to claim that because all four of the West Indies quartet weren't playing, Gavaskar's record isn't as impressive in 1983/84.  As if playing Marshall and Holding alone was a cakewalk!  The quartet was an anomaly. None of the batsmen Gavaskar is compared with - SRT, Dravid, Ponting, etc. - had to face more than 2 pace spearheads at the same time. Australia's famed attack had Brett Lee and McGrath; Gillespie was good, but nowhere near the level of the other two.
What's even the point of making someone as fat as Shah workout for a PR piece?
