Yes that is very much in line with the whole meta theme.
It's the complainers who never leave Reddit. They've seen it all. Twice.
Frankly, our world needs more of this. Kids need to know they're wrong. There's too much acceptance of inaccuracy amongst today's youth, all for the sake of not hurting their feelings.
Bullshit. I call bullshit on your nonsensical karma grab.
I like dinosaurs AND Chris Pratt!!!
This movie needs to be a hard R to keep its humor
Anything that uses the term "post-(insert overarching noun here) society" is hackneyed. But this one actually makes decent points.
It's ok. You're good shit for posting. I'm just playin.
You're in high school, aren't you?
A lot of the same people complaining about censorship on Reddit are the same people who don't want to hear what a Republican has to say or what people who don't wholeheartedly agree with them on any issue have to say.
Because women are stupider then men.
Too Asian...
That's a terrible comparison to make for so many reasons.
He should be the ESPN Arthur Ashe Courage Award winner. ... Oh wait...
Hollywood liberals love a man who wants to take all their money away and redistribute it to everyone else.  Sounds about right.
Good to know that this mother fucker has a place in this world. We're such a progressive society. How amazing we are.
Love how we're getting downvotes for speaking truths that people don't like to hear.
Brett Dalton, if you didn't close the deal, you're dead to me.
Wrong. It's out now because it's privately owned and the landowner got tired of people being on his land without his permission.
Bernie Sanders supporters? Haaaave you met Reddit?
Gotta love Vox's dig at Fox News in there. Everybody was reporting on that when it happened. Fox just got there first while the other networks were busy stroking Obama's dick.
Girls who want to watch dudes with abs run around slaying stuff? Sounds normal.
Why does every pretend to hate Grown-Ups? Those movies grossed like $500 million combined.
At this point, it really couldn't hurt.
Well you'd want to change your name too if it sounded like an adorable dog breed.
First thing I thought was "and this is why we can't ever wholly get rid of petroleum-based vehicles." Electric fire truck? Dead.
I love chicks that wear that brand of bikini. The boob coverers (scientific term) look like little eyes that I am forced to stare at.
Can I mention how great it is that Redditors refer to tips as such. And not fucking "hacks." I don't think there's a thing I hate more on earth than the usage of that word.
No. Fucking change. They're why aliens won't make contact with us.
FDR didn't get us into a war until thousands of Americans died first. Same as GWB.
Boom's over dude. Everyone went home except the C-squad strippers, the heroin addicts and the Africans.   Keep in mind you get all those things in Fargo too. But it has a JC Penney in an actual mall.
You're getting downvoted for telling Reddit idiots the truth about their most recent deity.   Sorry.
Winnick is dynamite and near perfect for the role (she's a real-life martial artist and looks the part). But she would be 40 by the time the movie comes out. Doubt Marvel pulls that trigger.
Durum is pasta dipshit.
They're republicans. As long as it's working, they see no need to meddle or learn specifics of how something works. They prefer to leave the tech stuff to the tech guys and focus on bigger issues.
I don't either. But thing is, Coogler earned his stripes. He got this off skill. Not solely because of his skin color.
Clearly you don't understand the concept of humor or movie references. Which is normal for this site, I guess.
Margaret Phelps... ahemmmm, I mean Jed York... will never let that happen.
But they didn't do it for Russian studio.
You can't disturb the Sanders Reddit hivemind. The mods are too powerful.
I'm I the only one who sees a Hydra influence here?
^This man knows what he's talking about. It's true. How many good pass rushers do you see dangled as trade bait? Ever?
Well they had to get Lewis Black in there somehow.
I like Johnny Galecki as an actor but man does he look like he'd be a tool in person.
What do you? Census? Vacuum salesman? Nomad Prostitute?
I'd say he's the best party rocking tight end the league has ever seen.  http://www.sportingnews.com/nfl-news/4644012-rob-gronkowski-las-vegas-birthday-celebration-gronk-cake-smash-new-england-patriots
It don't. He country will be better off if we're not trying to elect a socialist who wants to tax the hell out of everyone and destroy the upper class. Because when no one has incentive to succeed, no one shall succeed.   That and Congress would keep every single stupid idea Bernie has from every becoming reality. A president is not a king, despite what you children have grown up thinking thanks to Bush and Obama.
How do you have cows with calves and not have a warming room in your barn/shed?!?! You know how many calves' lives that saves?
The 90s were pretty kind to the gays. I'm not sure what you're talking about with that reference.
Sometimes I wish people worried about more than shit like this.
