If she does not respect you now, she never will. Run.
same as any religion, tbh.
look for another job then, and thats ASAP. IF this blows up, you'll might be facing up to legal action on a word vs word alone.   Also, document everything.
on one hand, yes, on the other, they are way overused in this area, unfortunately.
Power. With power, you can get both the money and sex easily.
unless you own a good porn studio? ;)
yeah, she definetly needs a proffesional, and that proffesional is a police officer. This is a very FUCKED UP what her husband wants, imo.
She made her own decision, she should pay the consequences. Not you.
Biologically, 20-25 years old (for a woman), between puberty and 40 for a man. Reality - when you have a stable income/place to live on your own, can afford the additional expense, are in a stable relationship (so the kid has a stable, loving, family situation, not some war-like scenario to live in), and want a kid.
Maybe because, for many people, a legal move is just not that important to stay together / care for each other and the baby long-term?
Or just, not fill your life with work, and have time for him, maybe? If she's constantly away (13 hours daily work, plus commute, etc, chores, life in other words - all that adds up to probably what? 17-18 hours? More?) and their schedules don't exactly meet, he might be simply too tired / not in a mood for sex.
Bah. real men use Hercules!
Alternatively, automate your job, school, family, and sleep? :D
The question is: what does she do? If she is activelly exploiting this, I'd go as far as looking for a new partner.
Yeah, sadly, we men do not get to choose wheter or not we want to be a parent. If a woman deems we are to be one, we are forced into it. Such fun /s   Ultimately, it was OP's decision to go thru with it, not a forced choice by her SO. The question is, why her SO pushed so hard. He might well have a valid reason not to be tied to her now. Was this checked / resolved? Dont dismiss his side of the story as easily.  Edit: for me, this sounds like a buried deep lack of trust issue.
Umm...yeah. It might be awkward, but without communication you two will not resolve anything - but you will just make even more problems by not communicating properly / at all. Think about it.  Now, if he does not respond to communication...make him your ex-bf.
If you do not have feelings for her / do not want to go exclusive - stay away, and strongly consider additional birth control that is 100% controlled by you alone. Just in case she gets an idea to use "ooopsie baby" card.
Break up. One month in is not a point to making such life-altering decisions like moving.
OP's just pretending to be an adult if she is cheating while drunk. Just saying.
I double that. You and your feelings/needs should be his first concern.  Also, taking a dog for a sleepovers? Wait, what...?
Also men do not get to choose wheter or not they want to support a child born because a mother unilaterally witheld BC w/o telling them ;) what about them? "collateral damage" of someones 20+ years of income ? What choice do those men had?   Then again, its just a man, right? He should man up. /s
&gt;  So, taking her at her word   I'd take her on her word way before that, that she would not cheat. Thats what being exclusive means, right ?
For now, yes. Those things can change, and data do not dissapear by themselves ;) remember that.
&gt; he dropped it and sincerely apologized to me  I'd say you both just moved a bit too fast for your needs / likes. As you now taking it slow now, he backed off, he apologized - i think that it has a potential to turn out ok.
I'd still get a paternity test. Just in case.
He talks about it, because he knows what she will do in this situation (quite predictable move on her side, tbh, too).  A lawyer is also a stranger, so I guess ,by your logic, he shouldnt talk to him?  On the other hand, mother has no/too little income, has no place to stay in same area as father - why should everything be about HER, especially if she is the one that fucked up ? Feminism much?
OMG, why would anyone want a tattoo in a such infection-prone place? O_o
Looking at this thread, I have a feeling, that tattoo was meant to be done to piss off that one certain tattoo artist that was selected by the client XD
&gt; Gamma rays are not dangerous by themselves  umm, yeah, they are, actually. If they were not dangerous, they would not be in gamma ray part of EM spectrum anymore. Less frequency means less energy carried.
&gt; in small quantities  Apart from tiny additional cancer chance, this is about correct now :)
So, should a hate speech be OK if its performed in a willing circle of people? Thats how NSDAP started, tbh...
Also, is she is mentally fit to be a principal, she is well fit mentally to be tried by the court.
which is very overrated. You just to make sure that the opponent has no chance of retaliatory action.
&gt; child abuse that is being worked on, with the pope cracking down on it.  you mean, by kicking out any priest who tries to actually achieve anything apart from PR statements ? GG, pope, GG. But we atheists still not gonna belive you have any sort of good intentions.   tldr: pope is just a PR guy anyway, with an...interesting past to boot.
If you do not deal with extremist in your midst you are as guilty, by being an enabler.
And why should I care? You have an extremist in your midst? You take care of him. There is always a way to do SOMETHING, even if by showing political support against that extremist.  Yet most do nothing.
But what if he likes it small? :)
Its not that easy - if it was, you would be able not only to "cure" transsexuals, but homosexuals - and yet, no "cure" was found for either, just because its not that easy as it looks. dont think of being trans/homosexual as "thinking the wrong things" - its the other way around, think of it as a (i.e.) male brain that you made to live in a female body.
Depends what one defines as "being ill". If you treat everything "not perfect normal" as "ill", than not only gay people are "ill" but virtually noone is sane - just undiagnosed.  As for clinical definition of being ill, homosexual person is not mentally ill.
Thats about the same level of fallacy, as you asserting that being in illness/disorder if its not your norm ;) Im more with WHO on what norm is.
&gt; Robocop... I liked the new movie well enough but would have liked it more as a sequel instead of a remake... the new actor really didn't pull off the roll nearly as well Peter Weller... he just wasn't the Murphy we all knew and loved.   also, oryginal robocop looked and behaved like a mostly-machine entity, which it was. New robocop looked like a guy in a fancy suit.
A very large group of people is also batshit crazy. Tho, most probably, its just corelation and not causation. Mostly because, even toxoplasmosa cant make a person that much crazy as some are. :)
&gt;  &gt; We visit each other once a month  Then you dont really know her. Do not marry until you actually lived with each oter for 2-3 years AFTER LDR ends.
&gt;  Was she really just busy?   Probably. Fucking someone locally generally takes some work.
1) get more money 2) get even more money.  Women want men who can either provide servitude, success, or sex. preferably all of above.
Not willing to accept flaws, and will make a wonderful mother? I do not think so ;) Children also have flaws, and also, they are mostly not like you want them to be.
Until you get the fuel bill :D
People dont change because children. They do fuck up children tho, if they try to make them into perfect images of their own imagination of what a person should be.
If she is using that much makeup that she looks different to such an extent, she's not the kind of person i'd date anyway. I prefer to look at the woman and see a woman, not a barbie doll living advert for 10 cosmetic companies.
Time. You need time, girl.
