Damn you marry them young
Two ways this can go. You go down for the ball or the ball takes you down. Capeesh?
Many smartphones have 1080p + screens and people want their videos high quality no matter where it comes from.   If they made every video, no matter if it was from netflix or youtube a lower quality in the name of performance and bandwidth savings, that's one thing, but they are doing this to provide a premium experience for those services that drink the binge on koolaid, and a crappier one for those who do not.   This is the biggest argument for why net neutrality is such an important issue. Binge on is a sneaky way of selectively throttling their customers experience, and people are right to be angry about it.
For training, i think sniper swat would be fun too. No damage to the body.
That's not the point, you should not have to "turn it off" or jump through hoops. It's anti network neutrality no matter if you can turn it on and off or not.  You could have a tmobile binge button that turns it on or off, but it turns it on or off for *everything*. Otherwise, you are creating an anticompetitive service.  They are hiding behind bandwidth savings in order to differentiate various video services. This is very non network neutral.   They should not be able to "slam" their new service on everyone, without their consent. It should be off by default.
That's exactly what they want you to worry about. A cap. Capping some services and not others is terrible, and a dangerous slippery slope. What if you start having to pay to access the real Internet instead of a binge on curated walled garden website, kind of like aol was way back in the day?
Hugo Boss, man. How badass is a damn uniform with a skull on the hat? Damn, cold as ice.
Yeah the waffen SS deaths' head and lightning bolts are A-ok.
This isnt germany or sweden.
Dont use their shitty DNS servers.
isnt that historicle? I think the tiger was so feared becaue of its amazing gun and optics (which is gimped here, since everyone has the same optics :()
Bill Gates? Come on Bro
You would be as much of a creep there as you are wherever you live.
Shes trying to point out that even if she were to walk around naked, it still wouldnt be asking to be rape or deserving it. Also it gets her the attention to her cause, having a nice body like that.
I thought fanny = ass
Incredible white knight attempt.
So stupid
Asking federal money should automatically remove the governor from office for allowing it to get this bad. You get the money, sure, but you are also out.
Except he was doing the wrong thing from the start.
I don't think the water starts with lead in it in the river, it's leaching from the old pipes drawing water out of the river.
I thought we would see them get "blood eagled" :(
A good start?
What I'm getting at is that we are all guilty of violence, corrupt politicians and complacent populations (where was Europe when Germany annexed Poland? Russia recently with the Ukraine). The less time we spend putting blame on general groups of people and more on focusing on the problems such as these bad bankers (euro central banks are no less corrupt than anyone else) the better the entire world can be. Let's get off this anti X country rhetoric.
Buy the one that will make you work out the most consistently.
Bail them out with massive interest. Use the interest to subsidize clean energy.
That does not look like a quick question. Why do people say Quick question, to trick you into listening?
Just because you drank lead as a child doesnt mean everyone else has to. People have a right to clean water, especially if they pay for it.
Yep, meanwhile the rest of the world spends less than 1% of their GDP on their military, and then relies on us to come save the day while their people benefit from a less military based budget..
If that truly is the issue, it was never meant to be long term in the first place.
"Learned alot" aka damage for the next guy to deal with until you realize all guys are not assholes.
Sure we can both cherrypick. What about Kuwait before that? You guys sent a token while we make up the main force. The fact of the matter is everyone looks to us to complain when we do police the world and bitch when we dont (Syria for instance). When was the last time the UK did anything where it was the majority?  5 of 28 nato members spend what they should on military, and leave the USA to pickup the slack. http://www.wsj.com/articles/nato-calls-for-rise-in-defence-spending-by-alliance-members-1434978193  Nice downvote by the way. It was on topic, its not a disagree button
Oh you guys are doing a great job. Russia is up to all its old cold war tactics. You guys do nothing but look to us.
Please let star control be good
Yes, blame people for being ripped off. I'm sure you are an amazing human being.
Seriously? You wanna let everyone take the risk getting in early and then just swoop in when everything is unlocked?   not today!!!
Is that a z51? Sexy. Manual or auto?  I like the black! honestly both look great.
Dude, you are living the dream, dont mess it up. 10 years isnt long in the scheme of things.
Gotta rip off this bandaid sooner or later. This along with flash being removed is much needed. Java is such a malware vector.
I was going to look, is that really what it is?
Plus,  the retro pixel style is becoming tiresome anymore.
gun play is boring, imho. Just feels so generic.
Just think that a society could be born from one of those stars, who knows?
I'm so jealous. I think the new car looks better to be honest.
Some of these helmets are so dumb.   How about the upside down boot with getto blaster speakers one? I think the interns got this job
Man, you aren't kidding. Talk about way overreacting. Nail these idiots to the wall.
You should never touch their car, even to knock. You probably set them off and all they could do was try to scare you by brandishing. They definitely amped one another up as well.
not really though, each society has its plusses and minuses. Chances are we'd never have a regime that gasses part of the population, for instance, because our weapon laws allow us to carry. Of course we cant go up against an army, im just saying each society has its own features. Its not all roses not being allowed to own weapons either.   I dont think russian citizens can carry weapons.
Yeah generalizations are awesome.
Microsoft uses malware techniques with their get windows 10 software (gwx) that have become worse and worse over time. I am amazed how much audacity they have to do this and I hope they get spanked for this eventually. Certainly they are not making friends.
No good deed goes unpunished
