That's going to make it look completely bizarre, like a triangular spruce lollipop on a stick, and it's only going to get even more bizarre as the tree matures and gets bigger. A natural spruce outline includes the branches sweeping softly all the way down to the ground. Lopping off the lower branches 8 feet up is ugly IMO.   Much better to let it go as unworkable.  There is also the issue of the home's foundation. A large tree like that needs to be at least 20 feet away.
&gt; I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area  My understanding of the article is that it depends on the species.  &gt;I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area  You really have to know your nursery. Some of them are simply outlets for mass market stuff, in which case they're going to sell whatever is the most popular.
Nothing is going to grow in the dense shade under the maple. You can grow greens and lettuce in dappled shade.   If you can pick a spot that gets the full blast of the 6 hours of direct, continuous sunlight, without being filtered through any tree leaves, you can grow peppers, tomatoes, etc.  A 6x6 box is going to need stepping stones in the middle to enable you to reach the center without walking on the soil,which compacts it. Raised beds tend to be multiples of 4 feet wide, not 6, such as 4x4, 4x8 etc This is because the average human can reach 2 feet into a bed while kneeling at the side, so a 4 foot wide bed allows you to reach the center from either side without stepping on the soil.
I'm assuming this is the back yard?   You could have a lovely little cottage garden there of flowers, either annuals or perennials, or veg, except that you'd have to water them.  I'd put a climbing rose up a trellis at the corner. Or you could grow tomatoes.  If you seriously don't want to have to water, and it doesn't receive any natural rainfall at all due to the overhang, then you're looking at rocks, because the drought-tolerant xeriscaping plants native to the desert southwest can't survive a snowy, cold Pittsburgh winter. You could put in some native prairie plants like coneflowers and rudbeckia, which can get by with little water, but they can't survive with zero water.  Some thoughts.  They're still going to need *some* water.   http://extension.psu.edu/prepare/emergencyready/drought/landscape/garden  Talk to the Master Gardeners, see if they have any ideas.  http://extension.psu.edu/counties
I see that now, just FYI'ing you. I like single mums myself better than cushion mums.
Know that weeds will sprout in a week or two from your bare dirt, because (A) Nature abhors a vacuum, and (B) Life...uh, finds a way. So in order to maintain your scorched earth policy, you're going to have to keep scorching the earth.   The kill-everything is Roundup (glyphosate) and this includes bushes, trees, and flowers that you may like. And also your neighbor's bushes, trees, and flowers that he may like, when spray drift carries it over into his yard. So do your spraying on a non-windy day.
Keep your grass cut short, or get rid of it and put in flowerbeds, pathways, and mulch.
Just FYI, it's not Trader Joe's fault.  http://www.clemson.edu/extension/peach/afg_columns/numerous_factors_affect_peach_quality.html   &gt;*Water availability is most critical during the stage III (final swell) phase of fruit growth.  Limited water availability during this phase may cause fruit to be smaller and “sweeter” while too much water may cause fruit to have a thinner cuticle and a higher percentage of water loss after harvest.*  During the swell phase, water is critical. Too little and you get small but sweet peaches. Too much, and you get what you bought at Trader Joe's--insipid peaches.   The most logical explanation is that they sourced these peaches from one of the places where it was raining non-stop during the month of May. So it's not their fault. Blame Mother Nature. Or global warming, whichever you prefer.  :D
Ants are a normal component of your garden's ecosystem, and as long as they're not fire ants, and as long as they aren't farming aphids on your plants, there's no reason to do anything about them.  Ants are frequently found walking up and down tomato stems, but with no aphids around. My theory, unsupported by anything, because "there are ants on my tomato stems" so far has not attracted the scientific research community, is that the sticky tomato sap, along with its tiny hairs, attracts and traps miniscule insects that the ants are eating. Or possibly it's the tomato sap itself.   If you've checked your tomato thoroughly, all stems and undersides of all leaves, and you're not seeing any soft, fat-bodied, green, yellow, orange, white, black, or brown tiny bugs just sitting there with ants dancing attendance on them, then you have ants walking up and down your tomato stems.
&gt;As cantaloups like warm soil, make sure you speed the warming process by covering the ground with plastic film or weed matting prior to planting.   This is only for areas with cold winters and short summers.   &gt;use a nitrogen fertilizer to force blooming.  Actually you need phosphorus and potassium for bloom, not nitrogen.  &gt;But how to know when is the fruit fully rippen and ready to harvest? First of all  the rinds begin to change from green to tan or yellow and there is the wonderful fragrance they develop when they are ready to pick.   Too complicated. All you need to know is that when it's ripe, it will slip easily from the stem with only the gentlest tug.  Not coming off? It's not ready.
On a rub for BBQ meat, it's easier to combine a powder with the other powders you're using. Also for sprinkling on popcorn. Other than that, it's mainly about convenience, yes.
It means you're keeping your cactus too wet. If it's wet enough for mushroom spores, it's far too wet for cactus. Water it only after it has been completely dried out for at least a week to 10 days.  It also means you have potted your cactus in rich organic soil, not in sandy, gritty succulent mix. The mushroom is feeding on the organic matter in the soil.  Stop watering it now for 10 days and the 'shroom will go away. And I'd repot it, once it's dried out, in some regular succulent mix.
The zukes could probably use going up one or two sizes, yes.  The half barrels are too shallow for anything other than lettuces and greens, possibly radishes or baby beets, or small annuals such as marigolds, sweet alyssum, ageratum, etc.    But it would be a nifty set of planters for lettuces and greens in spring and fall. Put it against a south-facing wall, be standing by with some kind of cover for serious below-freezing weather, and you could potentially harvest lettuce all winter, depending on where you are.  With a clear plastic cover, you could use them as cold frames, too. Get some heavyweight clear vinyl or other plastic, use sticks to prop it up.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold_frame
Is it your intention to keep them permanently in those containers, or are they going in the ground?
I interpret it as a taunt towards an enemy. "I can wear your special insignia and you can't stop me!"
No. Don't do any of that.   A. Soil conditioners are a waste of money. They're snake oil. Healthy soil doesn't need them. Unhealthy soil can't be fixed by them.   B. You haven't completed your fact-finding yet.  &gt; and while I thought we were using the same soil, we might not have been.  Well, was it or wasn't it? That's the crux of the issue.  Did you test for pH and nutrients? What did those tests say? That's also part of the crux of the issue.   &gt;but a careful observer would see our spinach has started flowering.   Doesn't signify, it does this in June once the weather heats up.  Has no bearing.  &gt; It IS a bit closer to the pine trees and this might make it more acidic..  Soil under pine trees isn't necessarily that acidic. Soil a distance away from the trees will be even less so. What is the pH of the soil in the stunted bed, and what is the pH of the soil in the unaffected bed?  Something's wrong with your soil,  and adding useless soil conditioners and stirring it around are going to accomplish exactly zero. If the soil is toxic or off-balance somehow, soil conditioners aren't going to help remove the poison, nor will tilling it up.
&gt;I'm renting a house   Standard advice for renters is, there's no sense in spending time, money, energy, effort, and, yes, love on improving a piece of property that you don't own.    It's an investment in nothing, it's a handful of hundred-dollar bills set fire to and blown away on the wind. Your landlord won't thank you, he won't notice that you've done anything, he won't lower your rent, and when you move on, you'll have to leave all your landscaping behind to the tender mercies of whoever comes after you, and I can pretty much guarantee that they'll simply let it all go back to weeds, the way it was when you started. Because this is what happens, this is how it works.  My advice to you would be to simply mow the weeds and let it go at that.    Before you mulch the entire back yard with landscape fabric and wood chips, you would need to have the permission, in writing, of your landlord, because what you would be doing would be, in effect, removing the lawn.    Right now his property is "house + lawn", and even though the lawn may be technically weeds, still, legally, "if it's green, it's good", and it's technically still a lawn.    If you kill whatever "lawn" is there by covering it up with weedstop and mulch (and yes, this will kill it in about 2 months), you have changed his property from "house + lawn" to "house + wood chips", which is not the same thing. It's harder for him to rent a "house + wood chips" than it is to rent "house  + lawn". People don't want to have a backyard of wood chips for their kids and dogs to play on and to have cookouts out, they want lawn, even if it's mostly weeds.  You'd need to get the same permission from him if you were proposing to till it all up and plant it to vegetables or roses or whatever.    So you could xeriscape it instead of laying down wood chips (with his written permission), except that xeriscaping a yard is not cheap.  Plants and rocks are expensive, weedstop landscape fabric is expensive. A "few hundred dollars" isn't going to go very far.  If you weren't in a drought status, you could do a normal lawn renovation, which isn't that expensive.  Weed-Be-Gone for the weeds, then top dress, overseed, scatter straw, keep moist. The sticking point is that "keep moist" part.    So just mow it.  Depending on what kind of grass it is and what kind of weeds they are, mowing actually helps to encourage grass and discourages weeds.  Grass responds to regular cutting by increased root growth and spreading itself out, whereas weeds respond to cutting by coming back smaller and smaller as they use up their stored carbohydrates in re-sprouting from the roots.
I'd actually leave them, and give it a year to regroup. It looks rather puny. Since you're going to be cutting off the photosynthesizing factories, it needs to have abundant carb reserves in the roots in order to fund regrowth for repeated harvests, and it can only amass those reserves if it's allowed to grow undisturbed for a while.  Also, how much sunlight does it get? If it's in a shady corner, you might want to think about moving it to a spot with more light.
Then my guess is going to be that either the food stylist for the magazine didn't grasp the recipe, or that some editor left out crucial instructions.
K. Thoughts.   You don't have room in the yard for another, smaller tree, like a Japanese maple. It's a small yard and a small house, and the spreading locust tree takes up all the design room in the yard, all the space. Trying to cram a Japanese maple or similar tree in there will make the yard look unbalanced and crowded, like, "I got this tree on sale and didn't know where to put it, so I stuck it here randomly." While a shade-lover like a dogwood might be okay in the locust's shade footprint, it's still going to make the yard look crowded and unbalanced.  Right tree in the right place. A Japanese maple or similar small tree would need to be planted at least 10 feet from the house foundation,  http://arborday.org/trees/righttreeandplace/size.cfm  The tree would need to be planted on the red line, which is far too close to the locust tree, or to the neighbor's driveway. So, no small tree.   [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/RVe2dSx.png)  Re: willows. They are legendary for the invasiveness, strength, and destructive abilities of their roots. Generally you don't want willows anywhere near your foundation. You want them, like, way far away. Out in the middle of the yard, or along the back property line.  Not right next to the front porch.  Re: evergreen shrubs for foundation planting.  This is the bog-standard yew foundation that you are probably visualizing.   [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/vrOhm7Y.jpg)   You can do Left-Hand Side, or Right-Hand Side, or you can do both sides. A tall thing at the corner. It's the hedge you requested.  Note that the shrubs must not be allowed to grow higher than the windowsills. This is (A) for architectural effect, and in the case of the porch, (B) for security, so nobody can lurk in the shadows of the porch bushes waiting for you to step up onto the porch and fumble for your house key.    There is absolutely nothing wrong with an evergreen hedge across the front. It's what everyone on your street has.  It's low-maintenance, it does what you want.  It's just...boring.  What not to do.   [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/d1vCyII.jpg)  It's very tempting to want to install a row of identical things all the way across, evergreens, or maybe shorter perennials or shrubs in front of the porch and taller ones to the right. Hostas, or daylilies. Pieris. Ornamental grass. (BTW pieris is poisonous, do you have kids? BTW pieris can get 20 feet tall, it's not a foundation shrub for a small house, it works if you have a huge 4-foot deep flowerbed in front of a rambling old farmhouse on a 2-acre lot.)  The problem is, look at all your horizontals. You need rounded, random things to soften all that strict geometry.   Anyway. This is what I'd do. It's reasonably low-maintenance if you mulch it.  [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/cTzXZgH.jpg)  The hose reel absolutely has to go bye-bye. You can't have a hose reel on your front porch without looking trashy.  Take it around back, and yes, you'll just have to drag the hose around the side of the house when you want to water things.  Reinstall the shrubs you had before, at the two spots in front of the porch and the house. The spacing was well-done, it enhances the front entry from the street, and their slightly asymmetrical rounded shapes break up the severe geometry of the house's facade. They are placed very nicely--two in front of the door, and two in front of the corresponding break in space at the junction of the porch and the house wall proper.  Personally I like juniper for this better than yew, it grows in a more asymmetrical way, and you're less tempted to carve it into a cube with the hedge clippers.  I'd put a trellised vine on the right-hand side by the downspout.  Or, a taller juniper allowed to grow loosely (watch the spacing from your foundation, not too close). You want a vertical note there, but not a straight geometrical note because the downspout is straight up and down.  I'd use one of the vase-shaped trellises, not a right-angle ladder-type trellis.   The big question is how much light the locust tree lets in, so there may not be enough sun for a climbing rose there, but you can experiment. Clematis is more tolerant of a slightly shady position.  Next to the shrubs, there'd be a pocket garden, on each side, one in front of the porch, one in front of the house. This is made up of a few choice plants, arranged with taller things in the back, medium-sized ones in the middle, and shorter ones across the front. Their purpose is not to fill space, their purpose is to be special plants that you are proud of. If you just wanted to fill space, you'd be planting yews straight across.  This is perennials and annuals, possibly a small flowering shrub like potentilla. You don't want geometric manicured things, you want loose, floppy things like hostas, purple coneflower, rudbeckia, impatiens, wax begonias, lilies, daylilies, whatever your light will permit you to grow.  They're not going to be as colorful as MS Paint, they're going to be rather muted, in shades of green, white, yellows, blues, possibly some oranges and pinks. Their foliage will soften the brick behind them without hiding it.  If you have enough sun, definitely a small rose.  The two pocket gardens don't have to match each other, and actually you're trying to avoid strict symmetricality, so you can have different sets of plants in each.  You can put the grass back in front of the porch where it's bare dirt now, or you can bump out the pocket garden in front of the porch a little bit.   Your home is a classic Prairie School ranch, as filtered through the sensibilities of American suburban domestic architecture.  The band of windows, the overhanging eaves, the flat hipped roof.    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_School  So this means you want to avoid clipped boxwood hedges and other such European formalities, and instead focus on loose, prairie-type plants, preferably native plants. This is also why a hedge straight across will look jarring and unfriendly. Too many strict horizontals.  And this is where you need to get with your local extension office's Master Gardeners, because they will have lists of suggestions for what to grow there.  They have a federal mandate to help homeowners with garden and yard problems, Your Tax Dollars At Work. Find your county here.  http://msue.anr.msu.edu/county  I am a big believer in porch plants. They make the entry look welcoming, as though people live there who  care how it looks.  I'd have an urn or a small deck planter on that porch with impatiens and coleus in it. Or petunias, or geraniums, if there's enough sun.  There definitely need to be some medium-height spring bulbs in the beds. Daffodils, Darwin tulips. Crocus are too short to be seen well from the street.  &gt; I have a big window right in my living room and would like at least a little privacy so it feels like less of a fishbowl.  You can't have plantings, such as a hedge, tall enough to screen the picture window without incurring a substantial security risk on your front porch. The porch needs to be visible from the street, ask any police department. Nothing higher than about 3 feet. So what you do with your fishbowl is get some drapes and keep them closed. Or lace curtains.
K. Some cultivars and hybrids are not that stable. If you bought them as plants from a nursery, I'd contact them and tell them they've reverted, they should offer you a replacement or maybe store credit. If you bought them from the Big Box, you are S.O.L., sorry.
I am currently in the middle of wading through this while I work on something else, and I have lost count of the times I have wanted to slap somebody, somewhere, mostly because of the by-the-numbers which-cliche-haven't-we-used-yet writing.  Oh, the dad forbids his daughter to date? Oh, "Your mom would be so proud of you?" Oh, the daughter has a secret BF who just happens to be a race car driver, just when they need to outrun the Feds? How unfortunate it would have been for them, yet somehow more entertaining, if the secret BF had been, say, a librarian, or a dentist.   And yes, I *know*, "It's Michael Bay + explosions, what did you expect?" but  I *loved* the first movie, it had plot and wit and characters you actually cared about. I sat loyally through 2 and 3, hoping that lightning would strike again, but doomed to disappoint. And now this one. Come over here, someone, and let me slap your silly face. What were you thinking.  One very tiny redeeming factor, which is why I'm still watching: Kelsey Grammer as the Evil Bad Guy. I feel he is underrated at playing the Evil Bad Guy, I loved "Boss", and he is, so far, not being given enough to do in this other than throwing phones at things. I hope for more.
It's not the pan, it's the stove. I'm guessing it's a gas stove? CO is given off by incomplete combustion.  When you're cranking the burners up to super-high in order to sear the steak in cast iron, the gas isn't combusting properly and is giving off enough CO at that super-high level to trigger the alarm. Get your stove checked. And use the microwave until it's fixed.
They could have lousy kabobs from any cut of meat.   Most people just go down to the store and buy "steak", and don't concern themselves with the esoterics of "which kind of steak". Whatever you can afford, that's what you get.    For kabobs, it doesn't matter what precise kind of steak you use, as they're all tender cuts and will work equally well.  For the purposes of telling someone on the internet what kind of meat to make kabobs with, I think it's sufficient to tell them, "Go buy some steak", and let them figure it out for themselves. They're adults, and adults know how to go to Kroger and buy some steak.  Beef clod never, ever appears at any of my Central Illinois grocery stores. It's just not a thing. Maybe you could find it at specialty butchers, but I doubt that someone who's in /r/askculinary asking how to make kabobs is going to inadvertently buy some beef clod at Kroger. "Steak" in common parlance means t-bone, porterhouse, filet mignon. Not "thing labeled 'steak' that you never heard of before".
I think it's a croton, but you could check with /r/whatsthisplant to be sure.
In 30 years it will be amazing. Children and grandchildren, yes.
The fundamental problem with using stone that thin is that, when set on anything that isn't completely flat and level, it's going to rock on whatever humpy-bumpy irregularities are underneath it, even nearly undetectable ones. You think your substrate is level, but frost heave can shift it around and can magnify existing irregularities, so eventually, every time you step on that one particular flagstone, it's going to rock, and finally it will break.  So with thin stone, you set it in concrete so it won't do that.
&gt; I've been spraying them with soapy water ever since I put them outside.   Soapy water is weedkiller. You're supposed to use it only on specific bugs, spraying it directly on them, and then rinse it off the plant after an hour. What you have there looks like burn damage, not insect damage.
Dirt on tomato leaves is totally a non-issue, and the potential hazards of spreading some kind of fungus are such that I would just leave the dirt on the leaves.   If the dirt bothers you, wait until the leaves are dry, then use a soft clean paintbrush to dust them, like we groom African violets.
Understand that nobody gets rich, or even makes a lot of money. You'll be doing well to break even.   Know that nobody simply saunters out back for a few hours every day, gardens a bit, and then takes the resultant bounty somewhere and sells it for a nice chunk of change. That's not how it works.    Your first priority should be to decide on your venue and on your product. Where are you going to sell your produce, and what goods are preferred?  You'll need a farmer's market within a close enough driving distance that you're not spending your profits on gasoline. If you're figuring on selling produce from a stand out on the road, you'll need to live on a main drag, or better yet, an intersection, or be able to sign a deal with someone who has a lot that you can use to set up a stand.   Or you'll need a database of local restaurants who are willing to buy your fresh produce. And if you sign them up, you then have an obligation to provide, or else lose customers.  Suddenly the fact that you have pickleworms on your cukes becomes desperately important.  Have you ever run a small business before? Selling produce from a truck farm is the same as opening an RV rental business or a restaurant or a day care center. You have the same problems--overhead, taxes,  insurance, amortizations. Employees--there will be times when there will be four equally time-consuming yet equally vital things that all must be done on the same afternoon. Zukes, berries, and cukes all have to be picked now, not tomorrow. Tomorrow will be too late, and they'll be ruined, either too big or overripe.  How are you going to handle that?  You'll need a tractor with plow and harrow, or else a large and powerful rototiller.  You can't spade up 1.5 acres by hand.  You'll need trellising. Soil amendments. Fertilizer--are you doing organic, or chemical? Organic is not cheap. Mulch.  Weed control--how are you planning to cope with weeding 1.5 acres? Fencing for deer, rabbits, woodchucks, raccoons.   You'll need either floating row covers and the knowledge of how to do integrated pest management, or a shelf full of insecticides. As the commercial growers have found, "organic" and IPM are more expensive, and more difficult, than simply blitzing it all with malathion or Sevin.  You'll need all day every day, for plowing, planting, transplanting, thinning, weeding, picking. It takes me 30 minutes to go through my rather small planting of pole beans. A row 100 feet long will take all morning. Do you have all morning just to pick beans? What about all the other stuff that needs to be done?   Gardens don't take Sunday afternoons and Friday nights off. When you discover spider mites on the strawberries just as you're getting ready to go to the movies, you don't shrug and go see "Jurassic World" anyway.   You'll need a way to start seedlings indoors in spring that has bright enough light and plenty of room for trays of flats.   Final question to consider: how much do you know about gardening?    (A) Been doing it all my life, I eat, sleep, and dream gardens.   (B) Been puttering around with it lately, wonder if I can make some money at it.   (C) Know nothing about it, but how hard could it be?  (A) You have a fighting chance of breaking even.   (B) You'll be in /r/gardening every couple of days, "HELP ME!" and by the end of the summer you'll be burned out and broke, and your wife, who will have ended up doing half of the work because one person working all day every day just doesn't cut it, so she has to take up the slack, is secretly socking away money for a divorce.   (C) Same as (B) except that it will be over sooner, so probably your wife won't leave you.  Pessimistic, yes. But also realistic.   &gt; What could a person invest in their yard and make some money off of?   Move to a legal-weed state and start growing dope. Seriously.  Fresh berries sell themselves to restaurants. That's IF you know how to raise berries, and IF all your profits aren't eaten up by overhead and expenses, and IF you have restaurants nearby who want them.  Of course, it's only a moneymaker when berries are in season. By Columbus Day, you're done making money (such as it is) for the year, and then it all just sits there, sucking up fertilizer and water, and needing to be pruned and topdressed and cared for.  &gt;If I've got a few grand to invest in starting something more sophisticated, what could that do for profits?   Seriously? Buy a share in a local business such as a dog grooming salon.  Running a tiny truck farm (and as commercial veg production goes, 1.5 acres is tiny, it's a hobby garden) is in no way any kind of return on an investment.  You'll buy all the tools, seeds, and tiller, grow a few vegetables, and the cabbage loopers and aphids and tomato worms and drought will get it all, and you'll have nothing to show for it in November.  Way it works.  Why do you think there aren't people lining up vacant lots all over America to grow veg for fun and profit? Answer: It's an enormous amount of work for very little pay. People who do it, do it because they love it, and they figure they might as well get paid enough to meet a few expenses along the way.   But all of this is completely moot because:  &gt;No existing infrastructure at all. (**Water**, tools, etc.)  This is, quite simply, not doable at all if you don't have a way to water your crops when--not if--the rains fail. Crops that are expected to flower and fruit, which is basically everything other than lettuce and spinach (even broccoli makes flowers--the unopened florets are the part you eat), can require enormous amounts of water every week, and sometimes every day, in July and August.  Are you going to rent or buy a water tanker truck, and haul water from elsewhere? How are you planning on watering the 100 feet of broccoli seedlings you just set out?
You wouldn't need the egg poacher, I guess. Or one of those ceramic platters that hold deviled eggs.  Or steak knives, unless you're the sort of person who uses a steak knife to open Amazon packages. Or a marble cheese server with the glass lid.
They're that big if you don't spot them sooner and remove them with extreme prejudice.
autocorrect on a phone, I'm guessing.
They are stone evil if you step on them barefoot.
Lucky you. You live in the jurisdiction of the completely awesome San Diego Master Gardeners. Talk to them and dump this whole thing in their lap, they'll have lists, planting schedules, guidelines, everything you need to know, Your Tax Dollars At Work.  http://www.mastergardenerssandiego.org/about.php  It's like living next door to Rivendell and having some questions about elves.
&gt; DO NOT USE Roundup. It has been determined to be a carcinogen and is awful, awful stuff.  Actually, it's just the opposite: it has not been determined to be a carcinogen.  http://www.epa.gov/iris/subst/0057.htm  &gt;*Classification — D; not classifiable as to human carcinogenicity*  &gt;*Basis — Inadequate evidence for oncogenicity in animals. Glyphosate was originally classified as C, possible human carcinogen, on the basis of increased incidence of renal tumors in mice. Following independent review of the slides the classification was changed to D on the basis of a lack of statistical significance and uncertainty as to a treatment-related effect.*
Fungus gnats happen when soil is kept moist. You discourage them by keeping it drier. Succulents aren't normally kept in terrariums, as it's too wet and humid for them.  So solve two problems at once, and take your succulents out of the terrarium and pot them individually in succulent/cacti potting mix, as they should be.  And then water them only when they've been completely dry for one (1) week. Your fungus gnats will disappear, and your cacti will stop rotting.  Keep the ivy drier, too.  &gt;nd now I'm super freaked out that my other plants are in danger.  They are. From overwatering. Not from fungus gnats.  The peroxide, it does nothing.
I'd have it in more light than 5 feet away from the window. Your human eyes perceive light very differently from a plant's photosynthesizing cells, and what looks like bright ambient light to you can be too dark to activate those cells. The light that comes in through a window drops off sharply in inverse proportion to the distance from the window, and 5 feet away is what I'd call "peace lily or snake plant distance", i.e. low-light plants can survive there.  Frankly I'd have it about 1 foot from the window, making sure that the sun doesn't hit it directly. It needs all its photosynthesizing resources to come back from this, so you want to stimulate growth with bright indirect light, not dim light.
It doesn't. But you can add stock if you're worried. You only add a couple teaspoons or so anyway. You're not making it slurpy, you're only replacing the small amount of water the rice has lost to evaporation in the fridge.
I would guess that they do.  If they weren't picky about something in their culture, you'd be able to buy them at Walmart. It's only the non-picky ones that end up in the Big Box garden center.
Terracotta pots used for cacti and succulents and kept on the dry side don't fall apart unless you drop them, and if you spray them with a sealant, you immediately lose the porous evaporative effect that is what makes them so good for cacti and succulents. With them in a terracotta pot,  it becomes difficult to keep them too wet unless you really deliberately work at it.
&gt;discourages driving (no curb means an occasional wheel may stray into the space, but something taller than mowed grass should help deter drivers).  Not in my experience. Very few non-gardeners possess the power to be able to discriminate between "grass you can park on" and "ground cover you can't park on". If it's green, if it's not 2-foot-high, and it's not an obvious mudhole or paved with broken glass shards, sooner or later someone will park on it. Put up a fence, or a row of bollards, or a couple of half-barrel deck planter tubs.
You're not doing anything wrong. Your plant in the picture looks fine and healthy. Pepper plants don't pump out fruit like that unless they're very happy. You received a mislabeled pepper plant, that's all. It happens. The fact that the trait for short, stubby fruit persisted into the second generation proves it.  Sit back and enjoy whatever it is you actually got.
Just because the studio Suits may not appreciate it and decide to dump it in February doesn't mean it's going to be a bad movie.
&gt;For now I've been angling the pot towards the low sweeping sun to give them as much direct light as possible.  Yeah. This is basically just barely enough light to keep them alive and growing after a fashion.  It's sufficient to indicate to pepper seedlings which way is the light so they know which way to lean, and that's about it. It's not a long-term situation even for seedlings, let alone mature plants.  They're going to grow pale, spindly, and weak, and flowers followed by subsequent fruit down the road will most likely never happen.   Peppers (and tomatoes) need brighter light than even a southern windowsill in the overcast UK (and the Pacific Northwest) can offer. Some people with good luck and huge big bright sunny south-facing windows are able to get peppers (and tomatoes) to flower and fruit indoors, but they are the exception. Everyone else needs high-output grow lights of the sort used by the hydroponics people and marijuana growers.  &gt;I do have some artificial lights that I can use if needs be  If these are CFLs, they are for houseplants.    If they are T5 or T8 fluorescents, they will do for your seedlings, but by the time they're about 8 to 10 weeks old, they're going to need more light.  If they're leftover from a previous weed grow room, you're in business. Get them out and set them up.
CFLs don't generally give out enough lumens--they're usually not bright enough for herbs. You can grow houseplants under them, but for herbs a CFL is more of a maintenance light, not an actively-growing light.  You can build a hutch out of hardware cloth and put your plants in it.
It's more like, "What seeds need to be scarified?" The vast majority of garden vegetable seeds don't need to be scarified, so you're just making extra work for yourself, and I'm not seeing the point. I grow all the standard things and I have yet to find something that needs to be scarified, even big seeds like cukes and sunflowers.  They come up when they come up. I'm not in a particular hurry that I need to shave a day or two off that.
I'd get some chunks of blue plastic tarp, pull back the soil from the corner, insert a chunk of tarp on the inside of the corner, then replace the soil so it holds the piece of tarp in place against the wooden framework.  Or black landscaping plastic, or Hefty sack. But blue plastic tarp is sturdier.
0_0  And the thing is, the hanging plant would probably not be frosted anyway, as the tree itself, with its full canopy, functions as a frost tent, and the driveway next to it forms part of the urban heat sink, not to mention the surrounding houses. So unless they were anticipating a full-bore Polar Vortex (in which the plant should be brought inside), and were only expecting an ordinary 29F-32F frost, it's likely that nothing would have happened anyway.  So this person will think it worked, and will spread it all over Pinterest.  [sigh]
If you can put deeper soil under the roots, yes, but not by piling up soil around the leaf stems.  The way they are now, with that setup--dim light, shallow soil--you are going to be lucky if they manage to survive 2016, let alone be able to bloom in 2017.  What they require for that to happen will be strong, optimal growth for the next few months--bright light, deep rich soil. They're screwed on the latter, so all you can do is get them some artificial lights to supplement what's coming in through the window, and keep your fingers crossed.  Also, if they do miraculously manage to put out a bloom stem in 2016, I'd snip it off immediately, which allows them to put all energies towards replenishing the bulb for 2017.  But honestly, what you started with last Easter was a disposable gift plant. It's really not worth struggling to keep them alive from this point on, let alone trying to make them bloom in 2017, unless you're the kind of gardener that really enjoys fussing over sickly plants for months, in which case more power to ya, it's a free country, and I've spent my share of time fussing over sickly plants.
