That background is certainly more sophisticated and mature.
Yes, that would be my choice, when the cost starts to equal the price to have a pro look at it to prevent recurrence.  Fingers crossed for you that something is revealed that's helpful!
It was a '91 MR2, so technically old.  Age has little to do with it, a '71 Porsche 914 gets great gas mileage, body shape (as it relates to drag) has everything to do with it.  The airflow around the MR2 apparently improved at higher speeds.    A lot of hybrids get worse mileage at consistent higher speeds, seeing more gains in slower stop and go traffic conditions by design, however their bodies do tend to be designed for less drag.
Highlander, when Heather MacLeod passes, just hearing Queen's music for the scene brings their passion and love to mind, and moist eyes.
Yes.  Not only that, but after they streamlined all the regions' questing, they even revamped Moria questing too.  It sucks, as higher level areas are strictly linear, so you can't pick and choose what you'd rather do or explore for serendipity, but folks who found things disjointed before like it.
It's worse when it's the other way around.  More times I've seen a great healer but we have to explain everything to her hubby.  Or another where he's the healer and can't keep anyone alive, while she continually saves the day on her support class.  The couples where both are just dps seem best to group with.
Disregarding different colas having different flavors?  Their similarity being the caffeine?  As even said in the link you provided, that recipe tastes different from Coke.
Actually...there are no instructions on etiquette when one first goes to a bar, and nobody helps, the examples to follow are rude inebriated people, so when in Rome.    So having this info out in the public consciousness helps inform more, get peers aware, provide more polite/useful examples, minimize movie tropes, and customize behaviour.
Yes, and leveling up is now so anticlimactic, often don't even notice or forget to spend points to get new skills.  Removes immersion.  It is nice to not have to go to a bard to retrait though.
Better/cheaper is getting a prescript for the generic of Proscar, same med in higher dose for enlarged prostrate, and using a pill cutter, divide in quarters.
Sure, headaches aren't brainaches.
That's not a friend, that's someone who used you and took advantage of your good nature.  You are fortunate to see her true colors and how ugly she is.  You are better than that, and there is someone better than her who wants you as much as you want them, find that person instead.
As long as you give them a reason that they can't dispute.  They are probably seeking psychological satisfaction/closure, it also improves their morale for packing/moving/searching for a new place.  When asked, "why are you moving" they can respond with something other than "we don't know".     Something nondescript such as, "we have plans for the place we can't enact while it's occupied".  Be sure to offer "condolences", but don't apologize, condolences helps them feel heard/validated/appreciated and like you are on their side rather than against them.
That's why she needs help, to be able to cope in a healthy manner rather than destroying people, relationships, the new business, her family, and herself.
Along with the stop hand gesture, if standing while conversing, step forward a bit, folks will give you their attention.  Online I get talked over, so type, it gains more authority written than spoken.
Write a sexy note.  Sext.  Leave a Post it somewhere like his unoerwear drawer with a suggestion.  Leave the chocolate syrup bottle on the bed, or substitute with whatever your kink is.  Oh!  Write it on your belly with lipstick so he can read in the moment!
Except kids' sugar cravings correlate to skeletal growth, as tastes change when bone development is complete.
Sometimes flattering, sometimes tiring, sometimes irrelevant, sometimes annoying; then when older and it happens less, sometimes depressing, sometimes a relief...
Nah, if you want to try it in the future, feel free; but it's not as challenging as some of the other classes, and doesn't seem nearly as popular as other paid for classes.
I believe it's been said no raise by end of year.  I don't have a source.  You don't need to buy anything post HD, the epics alone will take you to 100 and then some (as they did prior to Eastern Gondor) and are free.  That said, there are skill points to be had from purchased quests.  Eastern Gondor feature three group instances and essence armor if you do T2 content.  They have yet to add another tier of crafting since 95 cap.  Nothing says they'll ever raise it again necessarily.  Currently their priority is moving and merging the servers in the new facilities.
It's not well made, the optimal strategy is to not play properly.  Instead you raid others in an unbalanced fashion to gain resources, then make your resources available to others as there's a detriment/cost greater to defending them.    A well made game is balanced, has challenge commensurate with reward, and achieves most gains through play rather working outside of the system.
Just stick the peeled sticker on over lingering adhesive to pull it off.  Price stickers are designed to not be easily removable to prevent people switching them.  But it's become routine, peel, press back on and pull off again, done, no biggy.
Simon says be quiet and let me read Reddit in piece...true sentiment the world over.
A problem is although they might be less likely to burn (UVB rays), cancer is still an issue (both UVB and UVA), but it can be harder to see a dark spot on skin that's already dark sadly.  So catching melanoma on black skin can be trickier.
Go to the police.  You want to report the texts so there's a record when things get worse.  If you don't establish a record now, then things get worse before they get better.  Police isn't a huge step, they are the first step.  You can't progress if you don't take that first step.    Also, it helps your brother if he gets treatment.  Obviously you don't owe him anything (he owes you restitution for abuse) but protecting yourself and aiding his therapy in the process doesn't hurt.  So don't hate yourself for being a victim, aid yourself by not being a victim and go file a police report.  That will also help others he'll try to victimize in the future.
If they've reached that point, I'd replace them, although if they were rubber for safety due to lack of cage, that might not be prudent.
It's not normal, she is inserting herself into your personal relationship for her own reasons, regardless of what they are, that's intrusive, disrespectful, manipulative and breaks trust.  The result is you'll hide info from her and distance yourself to protect those you care about.  Distancing yourself is appropriate as you become an adult and leave your nuclear family to forge your own family, but teen years are early for that separation to be forced upon you.  I'd simply let her know that she has lost your trust due to divulging your private life and creeping on you and not being sisterly.  She might provide more respect after that, or will continue to not be worthy of trust.  My condolences.
If something repeatedly breaks, I replace it with a different, hopefully more reliable style, only the same if I know it's not a fluke.    Yes you repair stuff, that's what you are getting paid for!  If it's due to tenants' intent/control, then they repair it.    Which brings us to the car.  Yes, their responsibility if they knew the regulation, but your responsibility to inform them beforehand or asap.  See something that conflicts?  Notify, then if not remedied, can pass on fine.
Everybody knows why, because there is no other alternative.
I can provide odds of 100% return of the price of a ticket by not buying.    (Do this every lottery, putting the proceeds into an interest bearing account, reap the hundreds of dollars of guaranteed rewards.)
More like math tax, there are idiots who can do math after all, and folks who don't do math who aren't idiots.
Rather than succumb to presumptions, interact with her to see what the scoop is and how things go.  If she tells you she can't/won't do something, respect that, not outside sources of info/misinformation.
Sounds pretty cool ultimately, but yes, five millimeters a year, however...  &gt; any other moss  "Any other algae"?  ;-)  But that would be growing "up" rather than "out", as the algae's filaments spread, which might make it hard to direct growth where desired?  I'd imagine it easier were it a moss rather than algae.    Although I love the delightful irony of carpeting a tank in algae, which more typically is considered undesirable.    PS: Now that I think of that, it would have to be taken into consideration particularly if spot treatment were used in the tank.
And I got stuck trying to open an instance, 15 minutes ago they reported, "We are continuing to investigate reports of login and performance issues."  At this rate I'm imagining more down time tomorrow perhaps?
Make other plans, or accept him for who he is.  If you try to change him it won't stick and you want to find someone you are compatible with, not someone you'll be in conflict with.    If he's as interested in you as you are in him, he'll reach out to you.  If not, you'll be glad to have discovered this sooner (although it'll hurt tons in the short term) rather than later.    Also explore "love languages", he may be demonstrating his love for you in a manner you aren't recognizing, rather than through this one you are expecting.
Vodka, no.  Rum, always.  Whiskey, always.
It's likely they can't afford the maintenance, hence selling what should be a profitable property.   You have three choices, two practical ones, move, or stay anticipating the first thing new owners will do is roof repair.    The third is forcing roof repairs with the current, but that might be trying to get blood from stone.  They wouldn't have offered you out of your lease (which they have broken by the way) if they could keep generating money.  Or they perceive it as advantageous to sell.    So, wait in bad conditions in hopes of new management improving things, or bail for better ground?  Suing in the meantime won't fix the roof or speed the sale or get you moved any faster, but in the long term might financially benefit you.  Edit:  On second thought, suing is likely to just reach a settlement of letting you out of your lease as already offered.
*shrugs, that's just folks poor/unprofessional communication skills, much of the public has them, it's not relevant to the circumstances if you can separate your emotional reaction from your decision making process.
A toxin wouldn't be likely to cause an "ever decreasing" number, but rather a sudden die off.  A symptom described like that sounds more like a health issue or disease to me.
Sounds like a form of focussed meditation to me.
Vice-versa, the though currently makes him sick, he's seeking a way to alleviate that, reframing it as desirable changes the emotional and resulting physical impact.    Learned/associated "emotions" are not natural reactions, and a change in perspective results in different hormonal delivery.
If you haven't played since Friday's fix, things have never been faster.  I imagine they'll continue to tweak, but this weekend was a dream.
It sounds like they were not without services but made their own choice to avoid a smell.  If circumstances forced them out, then there'd be reason and insurance would cover a stay.  I doubt your insurance would cover an inhabitable house, so no.  Their choice is beyond your control.
Bingo, the key to manipulating people is to make it seem they are choosing the best option for them, regardless of it also being the best for you.  Presenting the options to them makes them feel in control.  (They also might not realize how inexpensive this security is, and just assuming a locksmith is needed costing hundreds each, rather than a couple screws each.)
I guess she'd had enough of his premature expiration?
Mastery doesn't have diminishing returns like crit.  Once you start to get them high, I found I got 3% more damage from another mastery essence compared to 1% crit.  I'd rather have another 3% all the time, rather than a tiny boost to infrequent hits.
First relax, don't create a problem where there isn't one yet!  Let the man do his job!  No, you aren't liable for another's actions.  He is liable for his choices.  Be glad he's on top of it rather than having not discovered an issue until it was cold and no heat on a weekend.  At the point in time the temperature drops below 60° or so, check the time.  24 hours after that if you are without heat, ask him what the plan is, depending on that answer, act accordingly.  I've provided alternative heaters for my tenant's if an extended issue.
I like it, I'd lower finesse and incoming healing for mitigations.  Since not a crowd control class, finesse isn't as important, you'll just swing again, but as a melee class surviving is important, you can't DPS if defeated.    You also can't be blocked or parried if attacking from behind as you always should be in a group, making finesse nearly a complete waste given infrequency of evades.  I have one finesse essence on my burg because if my mez fails, it's likely a wipe, otherwise I'd have none.   I'd lower your incoming healing too to make room for mits.  Healers are balanced to heal tanks morale pools, my minstrels Bolster Courage nearly refills a hurting tank's 40-50k morale and incidentally heals the group.  Only the tiniest of heals won't take care of a measly 24k morale pool.  But if you are taking a ton more damage because your mits aren't capped, then you'll be one-shot, and all the incoming healing rating in the world won't help.  (We don't even in-combat rez those DPSers, as they just go right down at next big damage, been there, done that, heh, with a cappy in Dome four times a couple days ago.)  Mitigation warding scrolls give almost 1500 to mits, so you don't need to be right at T2 cap, but I recommend about 1500 under, that'll bring you over cap with other group buffs.  Some'll say to be over cap due to higher level bosses in instances, but I've never seen trouble this way.    Everything else looks great, I'd be happy healing you in Osgiliath T2 instances with that plan.  :-)
The problem is smart guys who can build it, take care of themselves, and entertain themselves don't need week kneed folk in their lives, nor have time for them!
Grieving the loss of someone precious to you is something we don't do well nowadays teaching our kids.  Many never learn how to grieve, and their first love lost is the first time they try.  Grieving is a skill that can be improved so it's negative impacts may be lessened I have found.    As such, folks responses tend to not be supportive because they don't know how to endorse a process they are unfamiliar with, and just seek to avoid the stress of the moment.  *hugs
