Eh, between mls and MLB, I chose the third option; football break. Then again, we got Copa America to look forward to. Paulinho might some how (magically) improve? Also, Lamela is in the squad, so he's bound to absorb some Messi/di Maria magic from playing with em.
Eh, I give him "great servant". Not " legend", but he at least deserves the former title for the sheer fact that over the last 3 seasons, he's been our best CB. Despite the craziness that was AVB-Tim-Poch, he carved out a spot on the starting 11 and is basically written in pen next to Lloris on the team sheet.
Filter out all the love/hate comments about GRRM, this is by far the best comment. :)...:(
Really bummed me out. I prefer the GRRM version better than the HBO but viewership numbers seem to disagree with me.
Can't tell if he/she is an awesome new novelty account or an adult/teen crying out for help.
Not sure why you are being downvoted. Apparently, asking tough questions is now a no-no here.
I'm not even sure why Maggy was portrayed by a young woman. In the books she is likened to the Queen of Thorns. So to cast a young woman makes me think the actress slept with someone to get a couple of scenes with lines.
&gt;Rich are more risk averse than economics give them credit for, preferring to save or keep wealth in place, rather than continuing to make aggressive use of the whole 'make your wealth create more wealth'.   Kinda, sorta. Thanks to Reagan (while we're on the subject of trickle down), tax laws have been written so that it's less costly to make wealth from capital gains in terms of what you pay in taxes. Hence all the crap about Romney paying only 30% of his income on taxes. Had he gone the "make your wealth" route, he would have paid a higher tax rate.  Granted, income inequality has gone up but this isn't because the rich are simply being more productive. Instead, they just invest their money (or have someone do it for them) since its cheaper when the IRS comes around.  As far as the critique on globalization; its hard not to argue that the world as a whole is better off when free trade takes place. The issues comes when deciding if the losers from globalization deserve to be the losers of this regime. To your local district representative, of course not. How dare those countries take "American jobs?" To the 3rd world country seeing its economy take off due to the comparative advantage of cheaper labor, its a great thing. Just look at what its doing in South America.
I'd argue we would be most attractive to young signings. With a coach that prefers youth over experience, I could see how we would be more attractive than Liverpool.
Ah, fighting with the Pope. One of my favorite activities in  the total war: medieval series
He was injured for a vast part. And, regardless if he had a bad season by his standards, we looked a lot better with him in the team rather than Dier or Chiriches.
For fucks sake, it was voted by the players.
Dem policies are actually at odd with a majority of the Latino vote. Latinos tend to value Christian and family values, they are pro-business anti-big government (except for Argentina and Chile) as we were all fucked by social list policies, and we can see the merit of gun ownership (if you ever lived in Latin America, you know the necessity of having protection). The only problem is that Republicans (or a large part of their base, it seems) are calling Latinos subhuman, and that just doesn't sell to the masses.  Maybe once the baby boomers die out, we'll see a more diverse GOP that can bring in Latino voters. That's how the democrats got the black vote, after all.
Cut off access to all air, and you've got a handy suicide bag!
We have a rivalry, they've been underperforming while we've been surprising. And we both play dirty as fuck. It should be a good game!!!
Boo this man.
Aaaand there goes my respect for him.
I see where your coming from, and I agree. However, once Netflix or other online providers firmly monopolize the market, I only see sports leagues selling broadcasting rights to one of these vendors. Just look at how much money the premier league is getting by offering their games online over at NBC.
&gt;Why not just tune out  Indeed, why don't you tune it out?
Because your getting agitated about something you yourself acknowledge could be ignored.
You have to have your head lodged up pretty far up your own ass to claim he is a successful businessman. The son of a self made wealth magnate, he has managed to bankrupt every venture he has started. You can tell how bad things got for him when he was willing to take on any Joe off the street to make them his apprentice.   Calling him a successful businessman is like calling Kim Kardashian a talented actress.
As an alternative: Every Man United game this season  * said every none-Man U fan
Go genocidal on their people. Eventually, they will get there.
Everyone is screaming their lungs out. Meanwhile, we have Alli just giving that dorky smile and waving like a simpleton. I love it.
Wow, did you miss the point, entirely...
Obviously, that's been Man U's problem. You guys are not football'ing it enough.
If you want to be rich and famous, being an author has got to be one of the hardest ways to get there. Besides, it wasn't well until after his last book that he started getting famous. Unless your implying that this ten year hiatus coincides with the rise of GoT on purpose.
Sarcasm, right? The last line threw me off.
Though, you have to wonder. With a government that tells you it's going to stop spying on its citizens only to continue doing so, you have wonder what the alternative to revolt is. Not saying THESE guys are right. But in general, never discredit the efficiency of organizing armed forced.
I too have some Alibaba stock. I sold some of holdings after the first time they froze the market. Never a good idea to be in bed, financially, with a government that doesn't understand capitalism.
What? Barcelona has the largest stadium in Europe. Stop pulling facts out of your ass.
North Africans are not Arabs.   I stand corrected: Most of the northern Africa is part of the Arab League. Though, then it makes you wonder what we consider the term "African" to mean in general. Silly humans.
If the government doesn't send you to a secret prison for your opinion, this sub will.
Meh, not exactly that critical to our survival. Poisoning water treatment plants would be far more deadly and their locations are publicly advertised. Lay off the paranoia, its not healthy for you.
Agreed. Our shambles of a defense pales in comparison to what Poch has built this season. If anything, I imagine a low margin affair made up of crazy counters.
I think it's just perplexing that it's Scholes that's getting all this screen time. To the younger generation, I guess it would be like seeing Iniesta talking shit about an under fire Barca manager.
Lads seem super confident in the fitness regime in recent interviews, so I'm curious to see how our second half of the season compares to our usual performance.
Agreed. Maybe this is what Real needed after all. A former galatico who understands the needs and wants of super star athletes having experienced that himself. Aside from Ancelotti, I don't think recent managers had such previous playing careers.
Agreed with 100%. Just one thing. What is a Hollywood pass?
You, my friend, would enjoy a Rammstein concert.
I like to think that Trump, before starting his campaign, flipped a coin to decide which party to run for and brushed up on the political talking points a week after forgetting about the coin toss, by going to the Yahoo comments page.
So English food does indeed suck? Genuinely curious.
Already there, IMHO.
Yeah, some people on the Spurs sub have deluded themselves into thinking Kane was always destined for greatness. Little do they remember, his loan spells were disappointing and he would have probably been loaned out again had the other two options been Adebayor and Soldado.  Suppose it worked out in the end.
That's next season. I guess that means that we will take La Liga and CL this season, while Atleti and Real fight for the treble next season. I'll take a double this year.
Exactly. We earned that title, and it's only fitting people associate us with it until we prove them otherwise. Having the best defensive record, youngest squad, and all that noise are awesome. But we did just struggle against last year's relegation team.  Granted they are surprising everyone. But just like Scum deserves the name "assholes" from time to time, we deserve Spursy. I hope we redefine it soon. Poch will make our team the most feared of the EPL.
Don't edit your post about calling them "peng tings". Show some courage, that's the first step.
Not saying these groups. But don't you think there's a chance some of the engineers on military contract might be civilians working for Lockheed or Boeing?
Ghost in the shell is the future we're heading towards. Except that instead of cool mecha suits and professional assassin hackers, you've got politically elected inept people  trying to install a backdoor in all these systems, which people like anonymous or worse will exploit. I guess, a more comical and tragic version of ghost in the shell.
Aww :(. I guess she's not the prettiest bird, but she's cute.
