Yes, but if you are mad about having insurance then you probably don't understand your insurance.
Hrmm, jungle techies sounds terrible.   I get that there are bad techies players but there are bad carry players and bad supports and bad offlaners in almost every game too.    Techies has three 5 key timings, three of which are critical.  Once he gets the first 3, everything else is mind games.  * Soul Ring (mana efficiency) * Arcane Boots (mana efficiency + soul ring trick) [shitty roaming techies goes tranquils] * Level 6 (Remote bombs, turns you into lane dominator) * Aghs (more efficiency/ability to participate some in team fights) * Force Staff (main defense against gems)
Well everything can work in the right circumstances but generally TB is god awful in this meta where just about every hero is truly viable.
Sad to see you are downvoted for recognizing the truth.  Belief is so often the death of reason.
I just don't think ET gets enough farm as a support and needs to fix his mana issues asap.
Pets added because fuck you.
Personal Jesus is always supportive of your bigotry.
I think it is the opposite:  does your team need magic resistance / channeling help? Glimmer.  Otherwise Force Staff.
It is a half joke but yes I do think we take a much keener interest in players who score on us than we otherwise would.    * Moses * Willian * Salah * Remy * Costa (I am not sure if a PK counts) * Ba  Probably missing a few.
You're trying to retrofit a bad idea (term limits) with an even more  questionable idea around politicizing who a politician can talk to.
Why?  These things are always about average play, not most consistent play or length in  the competition.
&gt; I don't know what you want.  Studies not paid for by organizations selling the product under review and qualitative analysis of high severity injuries relative to grass, with a focus on non-contact injuries, and not just frequency of all injuries regardless of severity.
If you are going to ignore the nuance of what is said then I can't respond to you.
In that case, thank you for your contribution but I think you aren't  paying close attention then.
He got a nice pay raise, he knew the form Dave and Ivanovic were in.  It is his job to win the starting role and obviously he believed he could.
I don't think exhaustion is still a good excuse given the number of games he didn't play in.
This is what makes sense to me but I think Mourinho has different ideas.  I'd also like to see Remy get more starts next season simply to keep Costa healthy.
Andy Lee has the best chance to be the first punter to make it into the NFL Hall of Fame.  He probably won't because of being a Punter but he might be the best of all time at his position.
Carries who complain never play support or play support badly on purpose to support the idea that they are a carry player.
More than /r/libertarian or /r/ancap or /r/socialism or /r/conservative?  I think we both know the answer.
And /r/neutralpolitics.  I don't really see your point though.  /r/politics is simply the biggest mixed audience and doesn't *pretend* to be topically unbiased.
Oh I guess I am starting to understand.  Why would you think /r/politics is neutral in a system that rewards popularity?
It seems far more delusional to suggest politicians like Hillary Clinton are leftists.
He would be worth £50m when he shits the bed next season while wrecking team chemistry and your offers for him will be £20m or less with one year left on his contract.
I would be more concerned with what you don't know, like what extremely unhappy player does to the moral of the rest of your team.
Sounds like a good reason to sell him at £40m.
Exactly this.  Paying lip service is nice but not ask effective as walking the walk and encouraging his followers to walk it with him.
Abaddon is a better support than core.  Lina is a better core than support.
I was speaking generally.  If there are unjust laws, they generally don't just get overturned expeditiously as /u/xadakis somewhat implies.    &gt;Breaking the law, and endangering lives in the service of attention for your cause is not reasonable.  He didn't endanger anyone and breaking the law is what Rosa Parks did so there are indeed times one should break the law in protest.  It isn't as black and white as you suggest, though this man is no Rosa Parks.  The point is your logic is flawed.
I don't know, any emphasis on 'racial integrity' seems pretty fucked up.
Obviously I am joking a bit but we really aren't as exceptional as we'd like to believe ourselves to be.  A severe economic downturn, a cutoff from the food supply due to weather, a significant terrorist event, an oil crisis, a destructive malware attack... these are not unrealistic.
The uneducated don't support liberty as they don't know what it is or means.
Yeah but he'll still be worth it with good management.
I don't think that example is very good because 50 cs / 10 min should still be a target as a contested mid.  It probably should just make it more clear you were heavily harassed.
And when you get e. coli from imported but unlabeled German bean sprouts where will your smugness be?    http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/06/world/europe/06germany.html
As long as he game manages and the defense carries him, I definitely think it is possible.  If the game has to be put on Alex Smith's arm, it ain't gonna happen.
And here I though our central midfield situation was far worse.
Look, if you think playoffs change captain checkdown into a Joe Montana superhero, I ain't gonna stop you.  I just am more than happy to take the other side of that bet.    The reality to me is Alex Smith's success is contingent on the defense generating turnovers and good field position and to a lesser extent the offensive line talent... most of which he ultimately wastes but field goals do add up.  Yes, he had to throw deep in these playoffs games to stay in the game and to an extent it payed off.  I just wouldn't bet my Super Bowl hopes on it if i was the Chiefs.  Hope the defense stays strong in pass defense and let West and Ware run down the clock.  The moment Alex Smith has the win the game with his arm is the moment the Chiefs go off script.
Enigma is a worse ganker and is reliant on a skill with a very long cool down for relevancy which makes it harder to apply consistent pressure.  Engima also can't split push as safely.    That's the trade off but certainly both can work.
The first four people who instantly picks cores and then start acting like entitled children demanding the fifth player to pick the support of their choosing... and then when that doesn't happen start saying "gg" and "report &lt;fifth player&gt;".    If you want a support, pick a goddamn support.  Don't pick what you want and then attempt to takeaway other's right to choose their own hero.
I don't mind paying for good staff, but it seems to me more than a few players are being overpaid.    If this was Football Manager (it isn't), it time to slash and burn underperforming, highly paid players older than 28 and sell or loan (for full wages) off the hot prospects who aren't performing or playing respectively.  The savings need to be rolled into new talent for next season.
Ivanovic has always been the weak link in the defense even when we weren't giving up goals.  It has just become more apparent because of some ridiculous misplays that have led to goals in the last 12 months.  Hell, Salah scoring on us that led us to buying him was a clear exploit of Ivanovic.  This shit isn't new information
Look we both agree you are very confused.
I am not disagreeing, I am just saying uncoordinated pubs are largely uncoordinated except at the highest mmrs and most of the time you can play around the small amount of coordination that grows over the course of a game.
Both incoming moves are so low risk I don't know how you can call either awful.  Outgoing... I will miss Ramires but the money was too good to pass.
So he is 94th percentile instead of 98th?  That changes everything!
I was assuming those types of controls were already being circumvented.  The reason this guy was caught was through statistical analysis by other players.  However if the name wasn't the same then the pattern would be much harder to detect.
I don't know about 'we' but you clearly have negative feelings towards a group you've labeled 'leftists'.
Why are you trying to hard to avoid being direct all of a sudden?  I actually appreciated when you owned your hatred of leftists.
It does help when they overextend and start at half health.  Agreed.  Also 8k player (that true?)
