Who the hell would leave a loaf of banana bread uneaten
That sounds like an anime that I'd watch
You can (and should) do this for every god in the game
Like copyrighting candy from a baby
&gt;In my honest opinion, I would be completely dissatisfied with a product that I paid between 15-45 dollars for that can be beaten in less than two hours.  The games we're talking about do not cost that much. Games like To the Moon, Proteus, Dear Esther, Papo y Yo, Little Inferno and hundreds of others are now essentially free. The developers will receive no profit if people beat their games and then return them. *This is not a good thing.*
What I wouldn't give to play this god, this is awesome. Fantastic work
It's not boring, it's a puzzle to figure out the optimal way to go forward. In all honesty it's a very interesting way of playing the game.   &gt;I got both cubes with the Book of rev and it did take like 6 hours  Now THAT'S boring
God damn that was fire
Animals are crapping in our houses and we're picking it up. Did we lose a war? That's not America! That's not even Mexico.
Agreed, /r/smite mods are great
That's a great passage. I always describe TTTC to my friends as a book 100% made of quotes you want to show other people but can't because they wouldn't appreciate it without having read the rest first.   I think my favorite chapter has to be The Sweetheart of Song Tra Bong. The idea of the jungle just seeping into somebody you love and infecting them is something so chilling, it's written and paced like a horror story. I love it.
If Lower Burg isn't counted then I don't think the Kiln should be either, it only has like 5 enemies right?
This is one of the best posts I've ever seen on this sub
Oh god Keeper of the Groove sounds like a fantastic boss for Necrodancer
Shadow Madness is probably the best, as Cabal helps to counter midrange decks and Shadow Madness hits a lot of midrangey cards.
Pretty fitting for Hercules, considering he murdered his wife and children.  Wait...
Big Boss is Skull Knight, since Guts is Skull Knight's "successor" with the berserker armor. Which makes Flora The Boss. Griffith as Liquid makes sense. Zodd is definitely Ocelot
Eh I don't know, if we're talking everything up to the point where Griffith gets himself sent to prison (or even more so if it's everything up to just before the eclipse) then I think everyone would've figured out he's super shady by then. Especially if Miura just stopped and gave everyone a decade to think about it. It's obvious that Griffith isn't a saint, even pre-eclipse.
This is awesome
To be fair Kickstarter might have the option and I might just be ignorant, but I've still seen overfunding ruin projects. Kickstarter has definitely been used for scams in the past though I'm not sure how they've turned out, and for a service which seems so easily exploitable KS seems to do a good job of weeding out the crap.
AKA incest fanservice simulator
FUCKING WEABOOS REEEEEEEEE
A more expensive version of a normal ward that reveals stealth. I think it'd have to be significantly more expensive so you can't just hard counter loki, but not too expensive that people couldn't use it to counter stealth and sneaky backdooring.
Post it once, no need to clog up the subreddit daily
~~Football isn't a moba. In football does the winning team become faster and more powerful than the losing one?~~
The new passive is still bad. This one is arguably even worse.
Wasn't it just a month ago that everybody was criticizing DM for throwing his best friend under the bus? Did you all forget about that or am I missing something?
Yeah, this is a pretty big disappointment to me. I'm glad we're getting another Souls game but I'm sad that the actual world of Dark Souls 1 isn't getting any more attention. For all Dark Souls 2 got right it never really felt like Dark Souls to me.
&gt;leveling/stats/movement  Was it really an improvement to have to teleport back to a hub area and skip through dialogue every time you wanted to level up? Or to have to level a near-useless stat just to get the dodge rolling from the other games back?
It's not going to suck as much as you guys think. Try The Lost with the D4 or D100 using mods, it's stupid fun.
Why don't you find out what actually happened instead of making assumptions?
I don't really hate any characters, but I guess Gwyndolin's kind of a jerk. He's pretty much the only character with any real power and he spends it all guarding nothing.
Honestly I think it's a little insulting to Smite's programmers that you think it would take them an entire year of work just to create a new matchmaking algorithm.
I agree completely. The gameplay is Uncharted without the bad puzzles and playful banter, but everyone heaps praise on one and criticizes the other. It's always been weird to see.
Well of course we want this to be a thing, people have been asking about this for a year. What took so long?
Is there anything wrong with that? Solo lane allows for pretty much every other type of god, no reason it shouldn't allow hunters to lane there too.
They're overpriced plastic DLC that people go nuts over for some reason. Personally I believe it's some of the scummiest DLC in the game industry but it's Nintendo so nobody cares
This literally looks nothing like any Metal Gear Solid game's interface
More like a grimace
Yeah, she's by far my least favorite character of the series. She has just three modes: Being bitchy, attacking Guts, and crying. Sometimes two or three at once. Learning her backstory may make you sympathize with her more but it doesn't make her character any more enjoyable.   The other characters love to talk about how strong and competent she is, how she's a born leader who can put her biases aside and handle herself during stress, but all we ever really see of her is crying, fighting poorly and trying to kill Guts. She seems like she would make a terrible leader.   It's a shame, because I love complex and capable female characters. By all rights she should be one of my favorites, but she just ends up being annoying. Farnese and Luca end up being more interesting.
I didn't say it was an insanely deep system, just that it was good to keep the player on their toes while they fought instead of just mindlessly whacking away the way that most games in the KH series end up being. Plus some reaction commands were situational and required you going out of your way to activate them. They could've used some toning down to be sure, but they were still a good addition.
That clickbait title
Pretty sure he didn't make that photo, just used it for the video
They should let you enable and disable whichever lines you want. Satisfies everyone.
No, stop bitching. That is all.
To be fair there isn't a character in Smite that isn't a walking stereotype or parody
How in the hell was Nox in second place? She wasn't even a popular god before the rework. That's baffling.
&gt;it's only 320 base with 120% scaling  **Only** 320 base with 120% scaling? Do you realize how strong that is for a physical? And it's on such a short cooldown too.
Getting 8 stacks on a melee attack speed character with a Kali hit chain is not actually all that difficult
Justice demands justice!
