Id swap my desohands everytime with the golden SF arms
wow thanks , Ill remember that for the 1 game in 2000 where I EVENTUALLY could need this
its kind a different if you get full of makeup by makeup artists on ESL One Frankfurt or if you are supposed to play a tournament!  when casting he HAS to kind a look "okay -&gt;good" when playing he has to feel good
I find that hard to believe !  its a confirmed leak of memory  maybe you are just used to superbad lag ? :D
Fear is incredible bro!  he hasnt got a REALLY signature hero thats not because he isnt especially good with one , thats only because he is SO super solid with every hero he gets drafted to
so source 2 can fix it ?
If we get a little more discout than the standard 25% im absolutely buying this :)
he will be the Goku of the Dota2 world , so basically dendi!
I'd say 90% of early access are wasted!  there game like prison architect and project zomboid or how minecraft was! which can and will work , but so many devs are just abusing this , throwing out a half finished game , only to get paid DLCs and so on...  sad to see that steam/Valve allows that
Yes we all know!  We hope for a quick fix :(
Didn't they even say that project NX will be talked about on next E3?  So im pretty sure that they will do exactly that ( dropping it like a hot potato)
How can this be upvoted that much??  So many misconceptions in 2 - 3 sentences
Why is that ?  I actually liked that:(
oh wow , thanks a lot!  I didnt knew that
so basically we HAVE to download it right? :O
most of them sound german!  are they immensely good at making film music or do the others just suck ?
I dont understand the question!  who doesnt want to play a 64 alike mario ?  its one of the best games ever
I love your casting Cap , but the hero isn't called Andy-Mage nor is he called annie-mage!  hope you can fix that until TI :D
I have always wished for MORE hp! around 35-40
+1 for Visibility!  I always loved that game
I thought it was just me!  Like we are all 4 at 100% health and ONE guys get attacked by 2 creeps and is at95% = BloodSeeker ms now 550
yep Zeus will win and then its gonna be like "Zeus the guardian of the Skies" and Pitlord the Lord of the Hells and they fight each other in some kind of minigame and thats then the arcana + new hero
totally true!  It will be like "Zeus the Emperor of the Heavens Vs. Pitlord the Lord of the Hells " and then we will figth each other within a minigame and the winner gets items... fucking rigged Valve , same as our "democraty" here
100% these 2  Morphling after TI2 and Tinker on 6.82iirc
So to start with FIRST of all SEA doent deserve 2 qualifier spots!  Secondly SEA doesnt deserve to be an own "region", we in Europe have 20 good CIS teams and 15 good EU teams and we dont have CIS qualifiers and EU West qualifiers!  Third of all SEA should count as Asia means Chinese qualifiers.  Fourth and last (only because I dont wanna talk about this shit area (Only Dota-wise, no racism or some shit)) SEA teams always are the underdogs and always are disappointing on NEARLY every event, before they should get 2 qualifier spots, they need to proof that they can handle the t3 teams in Europe/china...this is one of the biggest Flaws that Valve has ( and using FACEit as a platform for qualifiers instead of ESL or some other party) since years. SEA just gets out too good every year..
I wouldnt wait a single second and report him, if I was on the team!
im pretty sure liquid would roll over every NA within 20 mins!  compare sneykings am game to matumbamans am game! and you know who is a 6k "pro" and who is a REAL pro who knows how to lasthit
so you're literally saying even YOU think that Liquid is by far the best team coming from the qualifiers!
of course they wont do well on the Major! its a Sea team!  12-16 that is!
talking about 4500mmr mason?  of course hes fucking awful
still was good enough to reck EE!
that so dumb! I mean if u know you use CHEATS wouldnt you use them purely defensive for example dodging ganks on lane so no one gets suspicous!?  this is like so retarded and he will get steam reported multiple times now and account is gone
yes we are probably worse than him(also 6k here), yes he was a pro back in 2013, yes hes still a good player!  but when you have to play and when you can just obs are 2 WHOLE different things and you see stuff from another perspective because youre not under pressure, so its more likely to notice flaws/mistakes but man are those mods and followers fucking biased!  like literally Puppey Artoozy(yes artoozy) and Miracle could say, hey mate that was bad and theyd flame the shit out of you, instant lifetimeban, circlejerk at its finest.
I think he has other issues than DOta2!
I think a rubick arcana is literally impossible! I Mean you MUST change literally every spell he steals.. a green chrono, green firefly, green defeaning blast, green gush, green green green meaning smth like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJy2XLRfdkc
oh WHAT ? ArtStyle is a bad captain and a bad player??  No way that cant be true, how we should have guessed???? oh wait... yes I forgot its the 37th time NaVi is "trying" him as a captain and it always worked out super great....
hey CSGO community, message me when on of your players is in top60!  nice "e-sports" you have right there
Dude Rolands Crusader mastery is like literally impossible
paragon lvl over CoE proc is so annoying tho
yea because Eul's is not good enough already!  maybe like give it truesight aswel
thats just BS!  no one gives a fuck about mineksi or Newbee! group B is like 20 times harder than A, Team Spirit (hardest major qualifier runner-up, EG TI5 Champion, OG Major Frankfurt Champion, VG prolly always the best chinese team and some other random RPG player on Newbee. Meanwhile group a Consists of the worst team secret in the history of team secret random SEAteam( be honest noone gives a fuck), half EU pubstomping NA team, LGD who are actually pretty good and EHome who lives of LanM
no OG did good after the major, they even won LANs after the major, and got 2nd place aswel in other lans!  Secret did nothing but fail since major
Im not sure why everyone is complaining so much about SWM???  I mean have you not seen the Rainbowdance magician!?!?! rubick is like a fucking discoball now
I think he means the CDEC MMR ( Like FPL rating )
I like that shit but THE sound when it goes in and out of the picture is alittle too long or annoying idk
envy lost them the first bo 3 completely on his own and he lost that game completely on his own!  and now go downvote me fucking anime weabos
please valve!  dont do this to us
I miss the good old "WHO will be victorious"   FeelsBadMan
gonna tell you the harsh truth now!  arteezy is a better pos1 than ee and everyone knows it except ee but no one can tell him because hes a fucking anime weabo and would cut his veins off or some shit!  thats why aereety is forced to go mid but everyone on secrethas in mind that ee sucks and wishes artour would play safelane
I still can't comprehend what just happened and HOW we could even get close to summarize what MVP just did!  ABSOLUTELY stunning performance, this gotta one of the top5 games in Dota2 history. Im out of words
