I was so bummed when I realized there is not a Zombie Dark Matter camo... Would've been nice reward after max leveling Pharo
Kt-4 ks horrible in my oppinion, rate it something like 3 out of 10. Masamune in the other hand is pretty good and it kills zombies pretty nicely, 7 out of 10.
I hope this doesnt happen. The Civil Protector at SoE is enough pain for being stupid time to time.
I think that is exactly what they're doing :D After all the PaPd Apothican Servant is beast and It would be sweet if it would require some skill to get it.
Oh no, ability to Pap Servant just for bonus!
Just make a hidden location somewhere in the map, no loading needed.
I think DLC 4 will start in woods and end some epic place.
Even Tranzit would be good deal for 6 dollas :D
Knights room from those two. I would recommend that Lauching Pad over the Double Tap. Easy getaway if Panzer gets you off guard.
Still not worth carrying around for 7 rounds to get one panzer kill..
There is always an easy way to kill Margawa/Panzer/Trasher.
Five hours? And just got a bow. Man, just restart. And the main thing: What the damn hell?
It would make DE boss fight sooooo much harder for some peoples.
Sheiva with all attachments and Double Tap is insanely good!
No. Nothing special happens.
No one uses Ray Gun anymore..
Lets face it, Perkaholic is good when new maps come out, easier to get used to. But in DE you dont need to use perkaholic. Jugg, Double Tap, Speed Cola and Widows wine really is all you need.
You know whats even harder? Trying to get Widows Wine from Wunderfizz.
I love them all so far. But Der Eisendrache takes top place for now beacuse of the awesome Main Easter Egg I found fun to do every time.
Origins, Mob of the Dead for sure! Maybe Kino Der Toten for easy games. And Nuketown/Verruckt/Five for harderd and more intense Zombie exprience.
I deffinetly would. But I think Treyarch wouldnt add this kind of feature to the game.
This is little bit off topic, but levels dont always tell the truth about players ability. I have met 1st prestige dudes who play like RelaxingEnd and Prestige Masters who play like Owen..
It would be fun if Kino Der Toten and Ascesion made a comeback.
You just learn so much new things and you remember those little details much better in my oppinion!
If you are playing solo I belive its gonna spawn only 1 Margawa
Yeah. It bums me that there arent any normal pistols beside MR6 and Bloodhound. Black Ops 1 had Pynthon, CZ75 (+Dual) and the starting pistol. And Black ops 2 had Five-Seven (+Dual), Pynthon and Excutioner.
Thanks for mentioning! Looks sweet, nice job!
That water thing was amazing!
Wow. Harder than I though... I would say Call Of The Dead. But either one you pick, you wont be dissapointed.
Nice! Nothing useless really.
I really hope they add all four in every map as a box weapon. And of course in the Weapon kits. Marshall duals with Fast Mags? Rest in peaces Zombies.
Fire shield doesnt seem right... In my opinnion it looks something like acid or Nova 6 Gas.
They should add them all in Weapon Kits. Everything from Bootleger to PPSH.
Sheiva is awesome. I choose it over RK5 10 out of 3 times.
2 weeks aint that long.
I think he is dragon.
Really? I mean REALLY?
With those avg. rounds, I cant say Im suprised. No mean to offend anyone!
With 😂-emoji on his Twitter, I really belive he is joking.
Downvoted for helping? Okay.
And his weak foot doesnt feel like 3*. He can easily bang one in with left foot. I didnt like Griezmann, I prefer Benzema more.
That was awful defending.
Deffinetly Rakitic. Set piece god with good shooting.
Trippier and Milner. Really wanted Willian.
I belived that way also. Then I slapped Shadow on my SBC Kurzawa to replace Anchor and he was so much faster.
Leave emojis to Instagram.
Thats commitment!
It wont.
Try his Totgs card. Best CB in the game.
Both were your fault.
