Wow.  She sounds like a two year old testing your boundaries.  This does not bode well for cohabiting my friend.
After reading the comments, regardless of fault, one perspective I haven't seen mentioned (I don't think,) and possibly the reason she's still with you - she's fine in a relationship without kids.  Right now she's got exactly what she wants.  In this particular situation, I'm sorry to say, it's going to have to be you to do the dumpin' if you want crumb-snatchers that bad.
Why so concerned with what she was doing when she wasn't "with" you?  Doesn't really seem relevant imo.
Money vs. no money.  Whether it's "enough" or not is irrelevant in this particular situation.  You take any job if you don't have a job and need money, then you look for a better job.  Seems like you need to boot her in order for her to get motivated / educated to this reality.  Sounds like she's quite content being supported for... 3 years now!  Oh yeah.  Pig in mud.  Hell, I'll move in with you if you'll support me!  I don't even have a baby!!  ;P  Bottom line though, you don't want to be with her - so, she needs to go.  Since you do care about her though, maybe talk to her about this and give her a couple of months warning before the cutoff?  Another poster mentioned speaking with a lawyer - after supporting her and her child and living with her for so long, there may indeed be grounds for support - I have zero experience in this, but it may be worth researching in regards to your locale.
Sounds like there's some enabling there.  Possibly some growing up that needs to be done.  Taking you for granted maybe.   edit:  oh, you added all the diagnoses (ADHD et al).  I am not one who was made or trained to deal with that symphony of insanity.  Sounds like he's still got a ways to go with fixing all that.  You know that saying - you can't make somebody else happy unless you can make yourself happy (or something to that effect).  Seems like he's not *quiiiite* there.
Dude.  When she gets back, sneak into her change purse, &amp; get those nads back.  Sounds like she thinks the ring's already on her finger.  You're 21!?  I think you should see other people (that are old enough to go out as well) &amp; have some friggin' fun while you're young!  Let her waste her youth at home with no friends (?) doing... whatever.
Eh, sry hun.  Sounds like this one's done.  People change.  People change their minds.  Sounds like you actually want someone different as well (he's a heavy gamer - sounds like you're not, you want to do stuff - doesn't sound like he likes doing stuff).  Quickie outside view - cut your losses, find somebody who doesn't game as much and enjoys doing stuff!  (&amp; the texting thing, when in an agreeable relationship with a girl - I certainly make it a point to *not* text females frequently, attractive or not, frequently - I mean, wtf? Maybe I'm old fashioned.)   Edit: words
As a straight guy, the best rejection EVER is... "oh... sorry... I'm actually a lesbian."  I mean... she's not even attracted to your entire gender!!  It's literally nothing "wrong" with you.  I say go for it.
You went through his phone without his permission after dating him for a month.  Regardless of what you found... something ain't right here.
Wow... the one girl you've slept with gets to sleep with somebody else.  Pretty sure I'd be more concerned (if you end up staying with her,) about the resentment in the future of YOU not getting to sleep with anybody else.  I'm a horndog though.  Hope she's ready to be in the doghouse for a long time.   Also... 7 years, and just now discussing marriage?  Seems odd.
With moondoggie on this one - women initiating is HAWT.  Seems like he just needs a little direction.  Throw a spark of confidence his way, maybe it'll set his manliness ablaze!  (lol?)
Sounds like you're the one who isn't happy.  You want a girlfriend that has time for you and isn't a stoner.  Seems fairly reasonable.  If she's not willing to put in some effort to free up some time between work and weed for you, I see no end to your plight.
Can't believe this isn't higher.  The most emotionally draining movie I've seen in a long time.  (course, long time SW fan)
How can this situation even come up?  If I were considering dating one of my friends ex's.... I'd fucking ask?!  "Hey, would it bother you if I dated /u/S3MC?  Oh no?  Not cool?  I completely understand man.  No worries bud."
Gotcha.  Absolutely.  Nothing wrong with getting other perspectives!  Especially with a decision of this gravity.  You've proved yourself wise, capable and intelligent already and will make a good decision.  Regardless of that decision, these kids have a great aunt.  Keep that bit up!  ;)
Would it hurt to give it a shot?  Good paying jobs ain't exactly growin' on tree's these days.  Sure, be skeptical!  But go see if they've changed.  You're probably a sure hire from past experience / references I'd imagine.  That's fairly tough to come by.  Don't like it?  Meh- start trying to find something else while you're working there.
Couples counseling seems a bit extreme for a couple of 20 year olds who have been together for six months.
Hmmm...  I think it's time to pry a bit - and this simply boils down to communication really.  You expressed yourself really well through this comment - maybe base a "line of questioning" on it (or hell, show it to him!)  You're super awesome for being so respectful and patient with this guy, but yep - you're a woman with needs.  Virginity is a big deal, but it ain't (imo) THAT big a deal.  Plus, he's 19, seems like it's time to get on with the gettin' on.  No sexually mature woman of your age should be without tha good luvin's.  If he's unwilling to provide that (or much less communicate his reasoning why), it may be time to throw in the towel.  I, personally, wouldn't entertain the surrogate partner.  Move on before you throw more variables into this complex equation.
Well, sure, I suppose it's technically *always* a viable option, but if they're already having sexual compatibility and communication problems six months in...  that's a pretty big sign that there's something underlying that no counseling is going to fix in the long run.  Have you ever heard of a twenty year old couple that's been together six months going to couples counseling?!
&gt;and refused to perform oral sex  Guy here, that seems like a deal breaker in itself.  (doubly so for micropenis - that guy's doomed at this pace)
I'd suggest reading "Ready Player One".  (he should *love* that one)  Also, it just doesn't seem like either of you have a lot in common.  I generally find that pretty important in relationships.  Not sure what you pictured yourselves doing when you envisioned your whole lives together.  Regardless, it doesn't really seem like there's much you enjoy doing together.  These are all things either you like doing, or he likes doing, and the other is being forced to do.  Maybe have a talk with him about finding new things you both enjoy.  Though, if he's not willing to give up some of his time (3 hours?!  rly?)  to do those, and actively work on a relationship with a woman... not much point.
I can't imagine why.
Uh... "knowing is half the battle"?!  ffs
Brilliant idea.  Hell, even a non-acquaintance fireman would be more than happy to pay her a visit I'd imagine.  One less person to worry about when they have to mobilize!
Sounds like there may be some real depression in there as well.  Might mention that.
I would add...  why must this be another person?  Were I to stick my finger up my butt, am I personally somehow unable to feel this special abnormality that would trigger a doctor to think "uh oh... we may have something here."??
Ha!  Channel 1.  We're old.
All excellent points to take into account.
While I generally agree, and like to think I would react like you, I think one has to be in this frame of mind *before* finding out something like this.  The damage here is already done.  He is crushed.    In addition, I imagine a more mentally mature woman would be much more appreciative (/instructive?) of his talents, wherever they may lie.
Heh - seems like she doesn't feel comfortable having sex, and you're not comfortable *without* sex.  I sure as hell can't blame you.  One thing's for sure, in this day and age, I definitely wouldn't gamble with a possible sexual compatibility mismatch *post* marriage.  Seems like you're at two different places religiously as well.
You would prefer tea?
Make this the part that you "learn from your mistakes".  In the future, if you're getting mixed signals, I often find it wise to err on the side of caution.  When she said she didn't "see us together long term", that was *the* signal that should have triggered the e-brake, shifted into reverse, &amp; floored it.  At that point you should have theoretically had zero expectations of a future with her.
I think they're feeling the love via hug now.
Like he said... fucking scary.
I wasn't under the impression that any one person was mistaking BF4 for a "realistic military experience".
I....  REEEEEALLLY... hate that.  Possibly my #1 pet peeve in BF4.  (&amp; the rare hax)
Nice.  Definitely not hacking.  Skillz to pay the billz!
I don't know much about the Chinese economy or housing market... but I don't think you could even get a decent double-wide for that price in the U.S.(~US$36,500), much less a **five story building?!**
To be fair, it did have a pretty small radar signature (way too late by the time it's detected), as well as ECM's.  But ya, wanna waste some money?  Shoot a missile at it.
Seriously.  It's like they're getting all the good ones off the planet before...  shit.
It really does have that cinematic "perfect storm" potential.
Indeed.  Fool me once WB.  Then take a chance at throwing more money at the screen?  lol - pass.
TIL from your downvotes, Redditors don't know how to fucking drive.
Why would one even attempt that?
&gt;You going a little bit faster barely has any effect on your time.  Great!  Then quit impeding traffic for no reason and get out of the left lane!  :D
Seems more like one's minor inconvenience (1mph) vs. quite a few others larger inconvenience (&gt;1mph).
Or.. you know.. it was glaringly obvious that people behind him wished to pass.
&gt;What pisses me off is when drivers squeeze between you and the truck before you get a chance to merge back into the slow lane.  This is easily solved by a wonderful invention called the "turn signal" a.k.a. "blinker".
I'd hazard you weren't going fast enough to warrant a pass in the first place.  (if vehicles will be immediately behind you once in the passing lane)
Your downvotes are the reason we can't have nice things.
