that's your assumption, I can't downvote, the arrow is not available, dumbass
ehhh no, Bazoer is the best Ajax player with Tete, Bazoer deserves to be 78-79 and Tete 79.
He's even good on LCM/CM
Yeah so true, he seems a lot faster and his attacking sense is amazing really.
EAids white knights will come in and say that this is the realism we wanted and that EAids is doing everything right
they are number 1 at the moment so what are you talking about?
I do, but you're obviously biased while I'm not a fan of any club. If Van der Wiel is 78, so should Tete at least. Bazoer is better than Klaassen at the moment and he's 79 rated. Bazoer should at least be 78 like Tete.
same, I dont get it why he gets praised all the time, if you want to guy for the title, Mane isn't good enough.
no one is implying that, you are bringing up a point no one mentioned in this, its just true he isnt good enough to make us a title winner, but that doesnt mean he shouldnt come or he doesnt have qualities.
Yeah with all the limitations he had, he couldnt get a few world class players he wanted, so what only remains are the old players and some expensive new ones he did get but aren't good enough yet
No they shouldn't, the players aren't that good really. They have a lot of potential, but they just aren't that good.
How is Mourinho any different than Van Gaal? Look where he brought Chelsea. Now before you say he won titles with Chelsea, LVG also won titles.
Unbeaten at the world cup isn't a relevant success? In 2010 he won the Bundesliga with Bayern Munich after a rocky start. So many here are glory hunters. You need to give him time. 2 seasons isn't enough to fix such a broken team.
Bale has more shot power which helps for scoring as well.
a lot of people dont appreciate logic but prefer to let their emotions run wild
he does often but players personal mistakes happen
senor i think
He wont add anything extra with the current midfielders we have now. A creative attacking midfielder with pace is needed.
Lukaku to Madrid? No way
yeah I think he's great as well, but I'd rather see someone else....I dont feel like Kroos can force a win.
exactly what I wanted to say, Shaw might not come back in time or properly. And its good to have competition. Im also sure both of them can play on the other side as well.
yeah especially Ronaldo's height, jumping power, finishing, 5* skill moves, shot power, nothing compared to what Neymar and Messi have.
Get Marcelo, there wont be any better LB. Godin and Higuain will most likely get a TOTS so there will be better versions of them. Marcelo's price will rise more and more.
89 rated Benzema? I'll sell my Neymar for that!
EA wants to add extra drama in their games, so they control it for you. That's why it happens a lot.
I mean, you must have studied the code for some time and been a part of the production process for many years to say no against what I've said, while my statement is an obvious conclusion based on multiple observations by hundreds of gamers. It's the JOB of the DEVELOPERS to create something that impresses you. How could you even reject the idea they wouldn't control parts of the game for you in order to achieve that? For example, FIFA have had sliders for a long time to control the game, increase chances of scoring etc, why aren't they able to do that in-game to create a dramatic effect? EA white knight spotted!
he will get a TOTS most likely or even an upgrade, he will reach 99 stats soon if he gets a big upgrade.
I would just wait with buying the likes of Aguero, get it after the upgrades/TOTS, or use it and sell it in time but thats difficult.
yeah or someone from the youth, but I think its better to buy someone with experience right now.
because EAids, many issues like this in many of their games require just an easy patch, but they just dont care.
exactly, well said, too bad most people here don't want to face the truth that EAids are dirty manipulators.
you englishmen are just loving panic management. You seriously think the squad will improve under a different coach? Ever thought that the players are just not good enough?  If you had to create your own club, and you can buy anyone you want, which player of Manchester United would you pick? Maybe De Gea, no one else is of world class quality. I think the tactics of LVG are too advanced to be performed correctly by these players.
I'm confident in LVG's tactics and strategy, it has been succesful so many times. The only thing that's left are 2-3 world class players that need to be bought.
never said 11 world class players were needed
they sack too much to be fake
thank the leftist apologists in our country, they are fucking mental
delusional people who either don't want to face reality or people who live in places where they don't have to deal with refugees and other scum that came in trough immigration
well said
they aren't right orientated, holy shit, how blind can you be??? The EU isn't right wing at all, it's a socialist hell hole.
lol defense being cut isnt a right wing policy at all, thats bullshit. They are spending a lot of money to donate to 3rd world countries, which is left wing, they are supporting the EU's leftist program, which is left wing as well. It's not a different spectrum at all. Its pretty much the same. Its not about following the EU or not, but the program the EU has which the Netherlands follows everything.
very true. but maybe they werent so sure themselves as well
hahaha Americans, such a dumb fat bunch
Frans Traitormans is already saying what he said before isn't completely right. Typical leftwing bitch.
Well said OP, finally a post that shows how it really is, too many dumb fans here have way too high expectations
no it doesnt, because everyone knows its ridiculous
You're kind of contradicting yourself. It's because they are a mediocre opponent that they could play attacking football. Attacking football was always a possibility but now with a defense like this. It's way too risky.
mmh yeah I can see your point
lol propaganda at it's best. Im sure many amerifats are willing to believe this
ask for the numbers. Also the percentage of locals who do rape compared to the total population of locals is much lower than the amount and percentage of refugees who rape/sexually assault people. So you can actually see it's a cultural thing.
The only reasonable explanation IF Bran had something to do with it is that he gave a vision to the mad king about the white walkers, where he was already mad or senile, it twisted his mind and said BURN THEM ALL, but he wanted to kill the white walkers or whatever. I dont think Bran was a part of the Mad King's madness
