Partially because of how believable it is.
Honestly, it sounds like you didn't do your research.
Look for volunteer work. Also gives you a sense of accomplishment, and is a good way to make real bonds with people.
&gt; consider if low-e glass is in your budget   If you're trying to use the sun to warm a space, you *don't* want low-e glass, as it is specifically designed to have a lower emissivity.
I like this interpretation a lot.
Oh, I thought he was Gary
This is excellent advice. In addition to writing it down, I would email the boss about this to have a record that the discomfort was communicated to them.
Dirty Girl was a great example of this I think.
Changing your pillow case often will help too.
Larger vocal chords = deeper voice. Since size is strongly correlated with strength, deeper voice = stronger man.
I think downvoting unpopular opinions plays a larger role than you give it credit for. It unites the general population of a sub possibly even stronger than the echo chamber does, while clearly defining what the subs ethos is by what it will not tolerate.
You dodged a bullet. There is a direct relation between how much time a girl spends with horses and how absolutely batshit insane she is.
They most definitely do. It feels like your driving through a movie set. Kinda surreal
That's the core of the issue though. It's understandable to be jealous of previous sexual partners, but with a little maturity it's not that hard to work through. The combination of her not being upfront with him, and her extreme jealousy of the reverse situation does not speak well of her. It strongly implies that she is insecure of him because of how she is in her situation. I wouldn't be surprised if she's cheated on him, or would given the right situation.
I'm guessing the ending will be just as disappointing.
You're right, but that doesn't excuse the poor design. That sort of defensive approach protects the interior but actually makes the streets more dangerous.
&gt;but money buys access   Yes, and money used to buy movies. And music. And content in general. What the political machine has yet to realize - much like all content distributors - is that they are no longer needed or even wanted. The harder they push their product, the more the younger generations shun them. We crave authenticity, and there will be a tipping point when their sales pitches and branding efforts not only fall on deaf ears, but unite us against them in droves. This might not be that moment, but it's coming soon.
I like to think that dogs understand mirrors, they just don't really care.
Good to know I'm not so fucking strange.
I like to think of it as zero is the absence of something, while null is non-existence.
"Fuck, this bed is uncomfortable."
Should there be people on our currency at all?  It's probably only a matter of time before the design of new bills is sold to the highest corporate bidder. The McOne. The Trump C. Cinco de Starbucks. Coca-Cola's original ten. Dos Equis' XX, the most interesting bill in the world.
Yes, but there are many different degrees of openness.
Exclusivity is a binary concept, but openness has many forms. Like you, most people only care about exclusivity. Beyond that though, there's a myriad of different types of relationships that work for different people.
Maybe it's like Taco Bell, where she just reuses the same shitty ingredients over and over in slightly different combinations.
Actually, not acting on the attraction would be more likely to have this effect. The idea of fucking someone you want but can't have is usually much stronger than the memory of fucking them.
I believe that was a bwink.
To me it seems that the licensing/exams/qualifications have been successfully made obsolete via a well-crafted app. And with those, the fees. Like so many industries these days, they are fighting to hold onto their monopoly when it is no longer needed.
This is a shit article. It touches briefly on fireproofing, but speaks nothing of the larger challenges of building such a structure out of wood. Is it structurally feasible?  What would it take to laterally stabilize such a structure, or to dampen the inevitable swaying/vibration?  What are the benefits?  Does the greener material balance out the unavoidable increases in volume of material needed?   If you want to write an article about a wooden building, write an article about a wooden building. If, instead, you decide to compare it to an icon you should, you know, *actually compare it to that icon*.
The best head you will ever get from a woman is after you have given her 2 or 3 orgasms.
Not necessarily. If you're doing it right, she may not be able to focus. Depends on the girl.
This is a quality in nearly every artistic profession that I refer to as masturbatorial. The field isolates itself from it's end users, and developed a language that nobody outside of the field understands. This exacerbates an already alienating situation.
Empathy, dude. Focus on her, and her pleasure. Not only will it improve your performance exponentially, but it will ensure your enjoyment despite any other factors. Let her pleasure give you pleasure.
If you die with $1m in the bank, that's $1m of fun you never got to have.  If you die $1m in debt, that's $1m of fun you had that you never had to pay for.
Didn't the real story end with season 2, and they literally tacked s3 on to bleed more money out of the popularity?
Would you say they're tiny bears that care?
I'm guessing they're veneered steel to get the strength needed.  My issue is with calling them 'origami', since they're not made from one uncut square of material.
I think that door works, because it functions by two squares folding.  Very origami-like.
You know, I really do admire your enthusiasm.
You know, I really do admire your passion.
&gt;"If he's happy, I'm happy." she replied, glad that her regular was back to his normal, happy self.  Just a suggestion, I love the story :)
Physiology is *not* irrelevant when the real goal is to not get into a confrontation in the first place.  Yes, a woman with a gun could protect you as well as a man with a gun.  In this sort of situation however, you will be taken more seriously if there is a man - preferably a large one - with you.  This says more about the psychology of the person you are interacting with (which you can't control) than the reality of the situation, but there it is.
If by hard you mean currently impossible, then yes.
In some contexts, that is unfortunately true.
Bombs are a form of free speech.  They're so free, they spread freedom craters everywhere they're dropped.
&gt; Maybe communication can fix the problem.  More likely, getting dumped for being a shitty lover *might* fix the problem.
The term "love" is almost *always* misrepresented.  It means 1000 different things to 1000 different people.  It has been spread too thin to cover too many actual emotions as well as abstract concepts that are completely void when you dig to the center of them.  I've found that a huge part of being an emotionally sound person is to define what is really meant when you use that word, and to learn to decipher what others mean when they use it.
Yeah, but that's not going to happen.
Just think of it as celebrating a successful orbit around a star on your cosmic adventure through space.
I wholeheartedly disagree. Old Quentin had subtlety in his writing. There were not really any good guys or bad guys, but he wove the story in a way that made you care deeply about them. Not after kill bill. Now it's pick an extremely hated group and unleash brutal violence against them. All style and no substance.
