OP asked "what is so great and different about Sanders?"    I wrote "many things"-but yes, that he has no real chance. OP didn't ask does he have a chance or can someone convince me to vote/not to vote for Sanders....    Forget it.   We each have our own outlooks.
You mean like campaigning for Bernie Sanders?   I know that's not the most popular statement on the side these days, but I think OP's statement and mine share plenty of similarities.
Throwing their weight around?   I thought we had banned those people!?!
As has been mention numerous times in this thread, those wiki leaks articles were bullshit-from a defense contractor making guesses..   But they did their job!  You, and several other people in this thread, believe it's true from a headline!!
Jesus. Fuck. Now I really want to see this movie, even though i've read the movie is not entirely true to life.   I wonder if they showed Hanks a film of people in shock or anything like that, he seemed to really play that well.  I like how they didn't sugarcoat anything with the pirate. The captain a safe all your friends are dead, done deal you're pretty much fucked.  I had forgotten they teach the Navy SEALs Miranda rights.
Completely.   The headshot heard round the world.   This guy is unstoppable.
The point about 08' is a great one, however I don't see it happening for Sanders.
I am curious about your comment, is this the general perception of Thomas? That those are his overall goals while on the court?
This...is a childish answer
It's most certainly true.     More combinations than all the grains of sand in all the worlds beaches.
I really really dislike subs that disabled the vote/down vote button.  It goes against pretty much everything that Reddit is.   I think subs that do this don't respect their users.
Bernie Sanders has no chance of winning the presidency
But is this really something no one wants to admit? I think if we are being at all realistic this is obvious.
I highly doubt that the "alliance" is based on any real group, and the Magic Castle is worldwide not just a group of people from la
I kinda blew me away to see him say it.   He fully knows his place, that he is basically a joke in the comedy world-but he isn't giving up.
Capital punishment.   The fact we still kill people as a country is insane.
Regardless of all the hate and bullshit, Bill (and Jimmy Carter) continued to do more for the world after they left office-Bill hasn't stopped and I bet Jimmy only stopped hammering nails the day after his cancer diagnosis.        It's this type of person the office needs.
Sure, but OP is clearly a kid-someone new to magic.   The YouTube thing is something to get used to-it's not going anywhere.        Where else can someone like OP go for a little criticism and tips?     Every kid who gets into magic drives their parents and family crazy showing them the same trick over and over and over, YouTube has just taken over that.
Ugly, imo
How many of you actually read the article?    Guy was a nut-job
Hey man, ITS ART!!!!
I love hearing "alright, she/he's going" in these videos.    Cops have to deal with such idiots.
So, Snowden should also be charged right?   He broke the same law.....
He could get higher if he took a more volleyball-like approach.     Swing his arms more.
Somehow I doubt it's as simple as this headline makes it seem.      We getting our news from fringe sites now?
Then the exact same should be said for Snowden...
No.    As mentioned below, this happened on the third.   Good chance it wasn't uploaded in 6 days.
Dude, your 19.    Books you read now could be completely different in 10 years.
Bullshit.   It's setting and presentation.   The same magic tricks have worked for 100's of years and will continue to work.     He wasn't the guy to "invent" the "blowing" trick.
I think general issue m16 only fire single shot.   Army learned its lesson after Vietnam....
Yes, I know about "easily" but it seems unsafe.
You must return with a review!
Thank you so much for your comprehensive answer. I never imagined it was such a polarizing subject.
Thank you, always good to get a different perspective.
No more than alcohol.
That's not magic.   That a needle going thru his arm.
I see the three bubbles often in a text stream....and nothing is texted.    I think more is coming and then nothing.
No, he shouldn't.    Snowden broke several federal laws, some punishable by quite lengthy prison sentences.      He knew what he was doing, he knew the risks.
The best of these clips are the "late night"/"all star" versions, with name players.    They've all played with him in tournaments and cash games for years, it's all a joke to them
"I know a lot about hacking. And hacking is a very hard thing to prove. So it could be somebody else. And I also know things that other people don’t know, and so they cannot be sure of the situation.”   Donald Trump
Wendy's burgers are square.    Because they don't cut corners....
Oh well you seem to just be incorrect
I kinda thought that was obvious from the previews.
I think you mean it IS loaded until you've checked?    And it shouldn't be pointed at anything you aren't willing to shoot.
They don't really have a choice
Are you out of your mind?
....isn't that money spent for legitimate reasons?   As in aid to Mexico?     Yeah...    and his "plan"? I assume that's been amended since the "that wall just got ten feet higher" stuff?
He's a cop dude-they get away with stuff.    Same with firemen.
Dude, Breaking Away!!!   Loved the father in that, "refund!refund!refund!!!!"    Once of Dennis Quaids earliest roles.
Maybe he knows a few forces, but that doesn't make him a "mechanic" in anyway.
