as a space sim for old space sim fans, integrity is already lost.  Originally the claim was to not include the freelancer-style mouse control, fast forward a couple years and and we have it in. Like every space game to ever have it, it ruins balance.
And then they say "we'll fix it" without any sprcific discussion of how, and refusing the easiest solution (removing mouselancer mode, or seperation of aim&amp;flight,) yet they only have 7 months until sq42 is expected as a quality release.  That freelancer mode was promised (in early wingman's hangar) to explicitly NOT be part of the game, how it snuck in really shits on the open development concept a lot more than not showing all the WIP assets
Definitely.  This is tragically a mouse game and the developers don't care about controls, they would rather focus on making being a space TV reporter a thing
However that nerf to mice just made it awkward and annoying for its users and makes the game look like it favors joysticks.  Automating gimballs (and unmanned turrets) with signature strength based tracking and accuracy would add depth and importance to stealth and emissions management, and then allow having a person in a gunner seat confir the advantages of mouse aim at a reasonable cost of a second person
mystery is what you do when you're afraid of reaction, because you fear you haven't done a good enough job.
On that aspect I can only agree.  Just a pity to me that a loathsome mechanic was the one to shine a light on the shoddy foundation
You hope.  But if there is one thing CIG is great at, its making us hope.
I guarantee that if arena commander was fly free for everything all the time, pay2win wouldn't have nearly the support it has.  Ships bought were just thank-you's for the PU and hangar.  It'd be silly to restrict alpha testing to just a user's pledge ship, the 1.1 spike in AC players is good proof of that, because no one really wanted to play after they tried their PU ship
My priority is more to make piloting  less descent HD than to justify gunners,  I believe the current style of pilot mouse aimed gimballed weapons has to go or be rendered uncompetitive.
Well it is the topic CIG doesn't communicate well about, ever, despite being important for over a year, a thread with more posts than several sub-forums combined..  And it's an attitude problem at CIG, see the controller roundtable
That reeks of skirting the issue, because how the game is controlled is its foundation.  Making the rest of the stuff beforehand only makes changing the foundation more difficult.  A 'don't look at it and hope it goes away' kind of deal.   Plus, the most recent estimate has sq42 was slated for the end of THIS YEAR, controls need to take priority with the dogfight based SP game coming up.  I would go so far as to say its more important than the netcode.
was travis influential though?  His talk of changes to the flight model sounded downright fantastic, but I haven't seen an iota of word of their implementation even being planned.  In fact the relatively recent comment that the flight model is "decently representative of what they want" seems to be in conflict with it.   Perhaps that is part of why he's left, to pursue a dream and have better influence in a project.
A two map, MP-only, discrete, FPS mode with 3 static classes (on one, second map is a gimmick/tech demo mode IMO) isn't going to help that impression unless it's flawless
I loved both series during the mid 2000's  Battlefront was star wars version of BF1942 without gun inaccuracy, with better hitreg, more class diversity, 3rd person option, splitscreen AI, and a neat meta-game played accross the maps in the form of galatic conquest, or the historical campaign where you play through the maps in a chronological order.  DICE's battlefront is something...else.  Simple looking and with an amount of content I expect from a 15-30$ game (such as FC3:blood dragon).  The producers at DICE sweden don't seem to like to associate themselves with their classic titles, at least that's how BF3/3.5 feel to me, especially when the in-testing dragon valley remake is shitting all over every other map the game has ever had.
I'd agree with your idea a year and two months ago.  But AC has come out now.  To further your analogy, its like the appetizer has come out and isn't what was claimed on the menu, and tastes a bit bitter to boot, despite assurances it'd be sweet.
The Auroa is uncompetitive because of the stupidly low speed cap, over 150km/h slower than the next slowest ingame.  Travis's idea of universal speed cap would of saved it.  REC is F2P bullshit for an " alpha"  And the HUD is understandable, that's not the problem.  The issues are poor control and wasting screenspace
I can only agree.  I was just hung up on the claim that it would solve that issue, the only thing that would matter is if the two animations run the same amount of time (a detail DICE of sweden were too lazy to do) not line up 1:1.
I roll my eyes at Hux's little Hitler speech, complete with salute.  Because blowing up a system is apparently too subtle a way to say these are bad guys.  Ideological fanaticism is a lazy way to make your villans, and only makes Finn's defection seem more hackney.  If he was a volunteer, swayed by propaganda to join, then his change of heart would make sense. He definitely doesn't act like a programmed soldier, and we're told he was excellent in training.
That is important.  The pecking order is pretty agreeable. However what's really important is the *power gap* between ships.  AKA How much of an advantage should a Hornet have?   I really want it to be smaller than it is, maybe 15% advantage over a combat-tailored multirole ship.  Price should not be proportional linearly to effectiveness.  Most games also know better than to do that as well, 10% more DPS can cost often 3x as much in many MMO  I reckon the SH is currently a nearly twice as effective as some other combat ships, so I'd like to either see it be tuned down or others brought closer to its level.  Of course, properly quantifying a ship's effectiveness is the tricky thing, because there are some very varied levels of proficiency due to many factors such as input, technical issues.  I think raw firepower and health are a good indicator, with maneuverability being a rather minor help.  Because Newtonian physics means fights are face to face, gimballs make hitting a target easy too.
&gt; loved  sensibilities were a lot different back then.  Domestic violence should never be okay when a famous athlete does it.  Doesn't matter if its an adrien peterson, or ronda rousey.    It's tragic that society is saying "these are terrible people but because they're good at this GAME, we'll keep paying them millions"
&gt; But It also puts pressure on the devs to add official modding support to make up for increased difficulty.  I've failed to see that materialize.  &gt;Devs which don't add modding tools will see lower sales than devs who do.  Again, MGSV begs to differ.
It screams that the manufacturing cost of the rift is not actually near the $600 they're selling for, otherwise there is no way they could afford to pretty much giveaway them to a sizeable portion of the VR market.
I find his idea of P2W too forgiving, I think it should be as simple as in-game advantage through paying real money instantly and always makes the game P2W.  I do think there are lite-P2W games where its okay-ish, but it's still a flavor of P2W.    "Cinematic" is to me a good way to describe a game more about showing the player stuff than letting the player do stuff.  And overrated he's just being a bit dismissive, calling its use a last ditch way to discredit things.  I totally disagree.  I believe that there are games some consider greatest of all time, which are merely competent.
I feel like the FL should have its S4 mounts, but they should overheat VERY fast, making its turrets like "git off mah lawn" double barrel shotguns  Meanwhile s vanguard's fixed weapons should be efficient cooling and potentially fire all day.   In general, gimbals would be better balanced by overheating faster (because the flexible mount can't pipe away heat from guns to ship radiation well)
It does matter.  If the hornets have "enough" range for 99% of missions, then it doesn't really matter that it can't go across human space on a single fill up.  "Range" is a terrible balance method for a game with infinite maneuvering fuel.
&gt; I don't understand Gaijin's thought process  1. Make british high tier GF super strong 2. Receive money from chumps that pay their way to top tier
There were Griffon spitfires produced in 1943. Best merlin, the LF mk IX was produced starting in 1943 too.  You're acting awfully naziboo trying to get undue advantages.  Historical BR would not be balanced, it'd be worse than current in many matchups.
Just *try* to impeach him
I agree 60% is way too high.  I reckon reducing damage to 1/4 or 1/3 would be a better way.
Why not?  Just give it 0 aim assist and it'll be on par with snipers!
In being damn powerful on PC? Yeah, i see it
But it was pretty shitty until it was 🔥🔥
So Pretty much what 2k does to teams like GTAVMP, ban/shut down alternatives to their controlled, microtransaction-loaded MP experience.  This is just further proof valve is no longer mod friendly, if the whole paid mods fiasco wasn't proof enough
&gt;Canon  Helmet-less stormtroopers already destroy any semblance of canon in that game.
Pretty sure 2011 would have given NDP government under the systems city slickers deride like instand runoff/preferential ballot.  They wouldn't win government forever, because if/when they mess up, other parties will take over as long as they're acceptable to most people.
This game should never, ever be balanced for who paid more for their ship in real money, ever.  If someone spends a lot of **UEC** on upgrading their aurora, it should be able to be better than someone's grey-market bought superhornet
INT's skill points is overpowered  Maybe it should have been changed so that each skill's associated SPECIAL(s) influenced the cost to improve that skill, while level up points are constant.  INT is still huge for NV because OWB has so many INT checks
They should have had female models with same height and similar build rigged the same way as male models at least for the sq42 project where nearly everyone is military trained, maybe genetically tweaked. especially since its ostensibly coming out this winter.  Making the sexes unique in terms of animation can be way down the line for the PU which can better excuse taking its time
You're not a real stan when you've been acknowledged in flair form  You're a PHONY
And in those cases you may want a little notice, so I thought I'd help
To even imply that a fan of the genre of space sims is listening to *that tool* is quite offensive as I see it.
Drifter outfit clips with leather armor quite nicely I find, looks like the outfit is reinforced
Honestly I prefer the handling of the likes of the aurora and cutlass more than any other ships.  Would like to see a little more "shake" when stressing the ship too  Their poor handling gives character, unlike a "good" ship which is simple point-and-fly.  Too bad the poor handling is a stupidly huge disadvantage that could make them very hard to be profitable with compared to other ships thanks to aim-based combat
SM parties where each player has a SM and the game takes the players though everyone's maps would be dope
You can't deny the irony of calling anything a girl's car while owning miata*s*
I believe an AI ship and a player ship would be the same functionally, I know that the eventual goal will be AI playing by the same rules.  However you could easily be right and the AI ships are using some dramatic shortcuts in the name of play-ability.  Maybe an instance is only as fast as the slowest client attached with the current setup.
Some of the names in that skit made sense, but what the fuck kind of name is "Dan Smith"
then don't look.  CIG shouldn't need to hide away stuff because some people don't want to be spoiled.  Other people want to see as much as they can
Difference would be wether the developer is accountable for advertised features
That it was allowed to live after 2 attacks is a failing of regulation, calling for regulation of the breed is a way to help prevent future attacks.  The pitbull is not an average large dog, its aggressive, small but strong making it a dangerous combination, statistically proven to be the most harmful breed.  Even ones that were raised "well" by a person that apologized for the breed whenever these stories appear, can eventually just snap and kill someone.
