Don't you tell me what I can do or not do.  I'm going to give you an up vote because I have no idea what the solution to your problem is.
I'd go all out for the [dick move](http://www.gear4music.com/PA-DJ-and-Lighting/800W-PA-Bundle-with-Power-Amp-Speakers-and-Cables/ODF) personally.  Crank it up for a week then politely ask to discuss noise reduction.   Edit: I don't give good advice!
It saves the government money, negates their responsibility to provide education (if it fails) and you can make a shit load of money if you supply the academy trusts.
Good or bad, a job is a job, but it does look like the NE is the only place in the country where unemployed family's will be able to live.
Hmmm... Still think I might retire to a beach in Mozambique though.
I would agree with you but unfortunately circumstance sometimes dictates that an ideal situation is not possible.
Don't be stupid - With GCHQ watching us and plans to remove the human rights act, the government is working damn hard to make sure there will never be a revolution.    All you are going to get is a deliberately ill educated working class watched over by a ruling elite.  Anyone with half a brain and a chance of escaping will have left to live somewhere else.
Neither is cutting benefits for the disabled, monitoring the entire population or scrapping human rights.  Admittedly the housing crisis and explosion in zero hours contracts is subjective though as a lot of people are making a lot of money out of exploiting both.  As I said, it boils down though to what you call a "functional country".
&gt;Their judicial review challenges were the first to be brought against the coalition government's decision in 2014 to narrow eligibility for an award  Not sure who else to throw the blame at as the Torys held dominant position by way of the vast majority of seats.
Clever people with charts telling us how fucked and hopless we are.
It might be safe and friendly but why does he keep his eggs in the fridge?  I reckon that's a bit suspicious if you ask me.
So the UK is still the "Sick man of Europe" and we had to endure Thatcher for nothing?  Great.  That's really, really, great.
Galloway is a dick but he is right.  London *is* run by &amp; for the elite.
Disclosure legislation surrounding breaches is a fair point, however I feel that it is up to the individual company involved to make sure they metaphorically lock the door when they go out.    That said, as Blue Coat point out - its still not going to stop employees telling people where the keys are kept.
Fair enough - this really should be TheRedLion ^TM with fully accredited creators.  Mind you, what with yourself and Moonies heavy handed and dictatorial presence in the wings and the continuous manipulation of content for your own nefarious ends, I can see how the grass may be greener.
Gosh - Snowden is being smeared by officials and departments that he blew the whistle on!  I didn't see that one coming.    So basically the powers that be are trying make out that he's the bad guy and that it was wrong to disclose the nefarious and illegal actions of our government.  In my mind that makes the nameless sanctimonious twats who prowl silently down the carpeted corridors of Whitehall, just that little bit more vile and despicable than they were before.
I don't believe that /u/Samson--Strange is downvotes4 or any of the other Samsons for that matter.  They are all different people masquerading as different accounts masquerading as the same person.
Its all that inner anger mate.  You need to listen to some Debussy or some nice 16c Choral shit in the morning rather than Thrash Death Hip-Hop or what ever...
Can we have a riot now?  Please!
&gt;the internet age, the time of apathy  So true, much sad.
Over priced and dubious quality then?
&gt; You are such an apologist  No I just want you to explain why you think the Middle East is better now, post Blair, that it was before.    If you really want a bonus question, how is this justifiable?  Even if you just take Iraq, a single country - Unisef put a figure of 500,000 children dead due to collateral war damage and the effects of sanctions, how is this justifiable?  Its no good idolising the man if you can't put up any sort of defence against his actions.
I agree and I'm the first person to oppose UKIP. Without smaller poo parties we are stuck with an American two horse race, and have the choice of the lesser of two evils.    Ha - just seen the auto correct.  I'm going to leave it though as its quite apt really :)
Just one of the many reasons why leaving the EU is a bad idea.
No a good example.   I don't think that the NHS has quotas yet, for say, removing sick people from the system by not curing them and letting them die.   If this was an isolated incident I would agree with you - but its not.    It could have also been rectified in the first instance - but it was not.
&gt; The country has rightfully decided that far too many people are living off the state.  Wasn't it something like 32% of the people who voted - ie a small majority?    Anyway - Who the hell is "You lot"?  I always thought that "respect" was something that was earned.  At least that's what I was taught and its something I am passing on to my children.  I'm certainly not going to respect a government that deliberately the most vulnerable people in its society, nor the people that support it.
The UK - Supporting and arming oppressive regimes the world over.
If this was by a friend or someone I knew, I would feel the same.  Unfortunately its a whole lot more random than that.
The UK - Supporting and arming oppressive regimes the world over.
I mean... we *could* be attacked by giant space hamsters too...
"Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow"
Yeah - but its the humidity that gets you.  27-28 in the UK feels like the 40's in a dry desert heat.   Over about 45 in the sun and your sweat evaporates strait off you so you don't even feel very sticky.
So I take it you live in part of the country lucky enough to have public transport and you are rich enough to be able to afford the massive hikes in living costs associated with picking and transporting your cabbages then?
&gt;FiL and BiL  What are these?  I am old and I don't understand youth speak.  Edit: and by youth I mean anybody under 30
Pre-booking car hire and flights make them cheaper too - which was the point I was making, and why I was comparing standard fares.  The cheapest I have seen Bristol / Marrakech was £7.50 return. I don't think I can get out of the county on that by train at any time.
&gt; maybe the majority have no desire to participate in stupid fucking online petitions...  I think this hits the nail on the head.  I don't think many people outside the SE want to be associated with a Westminster government as its too detrimental to anyone but the SE, but online petitions have become somewhat of what of a joke.
Maybe he is a good banker but thinks Spain is nicer than the UK to live in.
I prefer the writings of Marks to Giovanni Gentile and Carl Schmitt so the finer points probably went over my head.  Besides, since the Bae of Pigs, I have tried to avoid thinking about traditional Tory entertainment.
Just as likely to be a gay person, or someone who wasn't white, or someone who was white and just thought he was a wanker, or even a white UKIP supporter who thought he wasn't racist enough.  It's not as though he isn't disliked enough by enough different sectors of society to just blame the leftys.
Spoons first?  WTF?  That's like a mental illness.  Swap them for the knifes.
I agree that the original comment was badly thought out gibberish.  World courts?  We don't need those.  All we need is a large crowd armed with pitchforks and flaming brands. (joke!)  On a serious note though, I do feel that there should be some sort of legal process for those policies that deliberately make a mess of things despite the advice of experts, or maybe for policies that I don't like much or...fuck it.  Who gets to decide?  This is way too complicated to work out, bring back the pitchforks!
Seems to be little difference with the corn laws and current Tory policy though.  Seems more like a re-branding exercise really, like when they change the name of the "War Office" to the "Ministry of Defense" to make it sound like a benevolent organisation.
&gt;the waiting lists are some form of conspiracy  It's the governments secret way of counting up how many poor people  there are left.  Once the waiting list hits zero, they know that all the poor people have died off or no longer have an address to register and their work will be done.
It is but there is a weird unnatural dressing they use at my local that I love the taste of.
And if I signed the family up for BUPA I wouldn't have to bother the NHS at all with my or my families health problems.  It is a solution but it only compounds the problem.
&gt; frail sounding  ?? I had you down as a loud, angry, shouty type of lass.
Sony Bravia TV's that only last 2 or 3 years, Turkish washing machines that last 2 years, Filipino microwaves that last about 12 months, semi disposable desktop printers that last about 6 months, Far Eastern cars that fall to bits after 120k miles...  More to the point, these things are economically unfixable due to shipping half way round the world.  Compared to 30 years ago, things seem to break far more readily. (IE my 30 year old freezer assembled/made in hull is till going)
I find this quite amazing.  Are people worried that something is actually going to happen to them or that just something will happen in the capital?    If it is the later - fair enough.  There is a small chance that a terrorist attack will happen at some point by some organisation or other.  If it is the former, that people are actually scared that they will be indiscriminately targeted and hurt / killed in an attack, I worry for the mental health and gullibility of the nation.  Do something like 4 million people really think it is probable that they are going to get caught up in something?  Get a grip and worry about something tangible like an over worked doctor giving you the wrong drugs, being hit by a bus or something that is actual likely to happen to you.
Double Commiserations.  Hosting a kids party with out copious booze in the kitchen and a mirror in the bathroom is an unthinkable faux pas.
God you are naive.  How do you think all the BAE sales were show cased before they were sold to Saudi and the Gulf States?    As for the west not harming millions, why do you think the war in Mali and Niger kicked off and how did the militants in the Sudan, CAR, Mauritania and Yemen get hold of their arms?    We didn't just fuck over a single country - we fucked up the whole of the N.Africa and half of the middle east with our ineptitude.
