I'd absolutely love Google + if it were seamlessly integrated into everything Google, but as it stands, its simply a poor replacement for Facebook for me since I find FB creepy and as creepy as Google is, I don't have to deal with family on them.
Am I on a list for clicking that?
&gt;I'm worried that it might not sell more than a hundred copies unless the main character is a bald space marine.  Erm...sarcasm I hope? If not, you have a serious misunderstanding of the modern game industry.
The main problem I have with articles like that is they've been saying the same thing for *so damn long.*
Its not really about being with someone constantly so much as it is about being with someone for longer than they feel bad for you. You know, longer than a minute.
I don't think them surviving would have made a difference - America still would have lost the war, which acted as a catalyst for all the events in both games. Had they won the war, Russia never would have been in America, 50 Blessings would never exist, and there would be no nukes.
This town in the middle of nowhere is clearly a metaphor for the planet Earth, which is also located in the middle of nowhere.
The toilet. Seriously, the fuck do you guys got against him? He's just sitting there, minding his business when one of you assholes decides, oh, hey, I'm gonna shit on this toilet. fuck you too
Continually tell the person who gave me the money that I lost it, and he is contractually obliged to pay me back. Repeat until I have $1000.
But that's 2100! Why do I have to worry about *them*?
Exactly! That's what I've been thinking for a while now. Even if we could theoretically reverse climate change, it wouldn't make a huge difference in the long run, as we'd find another way to mess this planet up. The key, then, is to adapt to the new world - whether that be changing where we grow our crops, or if we finally make a real push into space, is the actual question here.
The actual pilot, although I think with this show a lot of episodes could be switched around if you change a few scenes
Season 2 is the greatest... :(
They only have 5 songs? I was under the impression the album was already done, but maybe I'm wrong.
They should really just pay Vista owners to upgrade - after all, they made the poor fuckers buy Vista.
I should've died like the rest.
Well, shit, I'm actually really impressed.
Yeah, gotta echo what others are saying - this crosses the line. I get that kids need to be educated, and I can see this as something that would be a good learning experience for high schoolers. But an 11 year old? No, they don't need this, and I'm appalled the school thinks they did.  The thing that I don't get, though, is how the dad didn't know. My school always required permission slips for field trips and for watching inappropriate movies/material, and it seems odd one wasn't required for this.
Everything does revolve around America....DO NOT LISTEN TO THESE INFIDELS
Hyper Light Drifter. So excited by the premise of the game and what little gameplay I've seen.
Castanets - You Are The Blood. From the ending of Hotline Miami 2. Such a good song
It's okay, leaving this world is not as scary as it sounds.
Don't get in that white van with tinted windows, no matter how good the candy looks
Everything sung by Passion Pit. Seriously, I love the guy, his music is great, but I can't understand a single thing he says without referencing a lyric site.
I would download Tinder just for the humor in it, and all the weird stories I've heard about it.
STDs usually are a deal breaker for me
I'd fly into the sun.
Every redditor is interesting except for you
Godspeed about describes how long she talked to me.
How good I'd look with your dong in my mouth
Challenge him to a suicide competition. First person to commit suicide loses.
Yeah I'll try that
Actually, we can take away their power. They need money, and if we take the money, they can't operate anymore.
fuck you too
That reward tho....you're getting cheated
Well with the internet they realized most of those strangers were really forty year old men looking to kidnap you.
&gt;"our most sacred institution, and have serious consequences for children who would grow up without a mother or father," Jensen said.  So wait, this guy is willing to divorce his wife and leave his children without a proper family just to make a point?  What an asshole.
Love this song! If you like this, I highly recommend checking out some of his other songs, like Magnetic and Stop And Stare. Those two are definitely my favorites, but I love Last Forever just as much!
Keep holding, buddy, keep holding
I don't see the appeal in a robot body. I'd much rather take the nanobot route.
Or you know, for rape.
If so many games use this as has been stated in some of these comments, I can't help but think how much Sony fucked up when they didn't port the engine to the Vita when it first released - would have changed so much, I think.
Somewhat, though not entirely.
Spend it all in one sitting on Candy Crush Saga
Which is perfect for me. I love low standards!
(Copy/paste from above)  I'm going to suggest Tycho - his latest album, [Awake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEI1_oGPQr0), is such a fantastic electronic album, but unlike a lot of other electronic album where it's solely produced by computer, Tycho features a lot of live instruments mixed in, and his live shows have a backing band. It's really cool, and at least to me, kind of bridges the gap between electronic music and other genres.
The book is worse  so many feels
that is some fucked up shit
This needs to happen. Needs to.
Judging by your username, you must know a lot about that.
