Again, it depends. There is no absolute answer for this. My preferences change by project and there's no "standard answer" even for myself. Also, models photograph differently than what our eye sees, so what looks pretty in a photograph might actually look horrendous in person.   Light/bare metal airframes with too dark washes (dark brown, black) look silly. Dark airframes with dark colors make no sense.   For the grey aircraft, it can be more towards the dark brown/gray/black range, it depends on *where* the area is. See my F/A-18E in 1/144. The wash is a sludge of payne's gray, and a touch of raw umber.  http://imgur.com/a/YMU4a
Nice job, nice build, and ha, the deadline's months away. Maybe a second entry?
And lower your expectations. Most people's first models are not the best. Honestly, since you're new at this and that's your favorite tank, you really should try building something else (or at least, PAINTING something  else) before you try it on your prized model.
Always love these weird guys, who have no apparent sense of irony. However, the reviews are okay, and they do provide shots of what's in the box and the like.   If you are of similar political opinions and you don't get offended if you don't share them, it's a resource. I think there are better ones out there, though.   He does have quite a collection of models though.
Pretty much. And his storage system for his many models, complete or otherwise is generously described as "inelegant."
I like Duke's idea. It also allows people to use spray paint, which is what a lot of beginners/non airbrush people use.   I like this idea though in general.
It's quite a nice kit. Everything more or less fits properly, and the detail is pretty good for the scale.   The starter set paints are pretty bad though. The best way I got them to work was mixing them with 50% tamiya clear, but that works only if you're airbrushing them.
The 1/32 kit is much more complicated. The 1/48 kit is very simple and easy to put together. I would recommend that one.   The paint job is pretty simple too, mostly just silver (and then whatever decorative colors you choose depending on which aircraft you want to build.)   http://www.hyperscale.com/2008/features/p51d48sm_1.htm.   The fit is pretty great. barely any filling whatsoever to do, and it's relatively easy for a comparatively detailed model.
Doesn't seem that way, after shipping, but I also haven't bought from them in a while. At least it seemed in the old days they made it up on the backend. Squadon also is pretty guilty of this, and they still do it.  The selection *is* very good though.
Squadon is rather famous for that, which makes them something you recommend for large orders, but not small ones. For small ones, any savings you get get swallowed up by shipping costs, but if you have a large purchase list it can be worth your while.   Shipping to Canada might be different though, that's for sure. Shipping things cross border seems far more expensive than it really should (at least as far as Canada is concerned). Hannants is also very good and the selection is quite good.
It's perfectly fine to leave them off. Sounds like a paper project anyway, so then pick the load you think is appropriate, and move on.
Yes. If you suck at painting, the best way to learn how to not suck at it is....practice painting.   That said, if you just like building models, well, it's your model. That's up to you. However, the reason why kits are molded in the base color is so that people don't *have* to paint them if they don't want to.
Some people have discussed this. Personally, I find most of  these techniques use paints and solvents that are far too hot for what I'd want to use.   http://www.armorama.com/modules.php?op=modload&amp;name=SquawkBox&amp;file=index&amp;req=viewtopic&amp;topic_id=187454
I would recommend, if you're already using humbrol products, to buy a can of their flat instead.
I have this volume on my shelf, which is a fun reference work, even if the vast majority of the techniques are vastly outdated. It's cheap to buy, is useful reading anyway, and provides some interesting insights into historical views on weathering and the like.   Something that's of partial relevance to your question:   http://www.amazon.com/Modelmakers-Handbook-Albert-Jackson/dp/0394507886/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435634876&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=the+modelmaker%27s+handbook  "Blast bags are often molded on a tank where the gun barrel meets the turret. On large-scale tanks, you can improve the texture by painting diluted white glue onto the molding and applying coarse tissue to follow the contours of the with a brush and more glue, but do not apply so much that the texture is lost. Blast bags can also be added . . . using epoxy putty."   The best part is, not a single mention of future, weathering powders, etc; this is really a different era.   If you want to go the epoxy putty route, use something like Milliput.   If I were doing this, I'd use repurposed poster putty, cognizant of the fact that it will never solidify, which means you can't touch it after it's installed and painted. The alternatives are (1) non-shrink putty or clay of some kind, (2) the tissue and glue method. Another possibility is Perfect Plastic Putty, which does not react with the plastic. Using a large blob of things like Tamiya White, or Squadron White/Green putty, however, risks eating the plastic because they are all solvent based, and the drying times for a "blob" of putty will be quite long.   There's surely more out there, but that's one of several ways to do it.
Depends on the size. For major creases like you see in a mantlet, probably just any kind of probe like a toothpick strategically dragged across the surface making indentations similar to the reference photos you have available.   It's part of the reason why I'd do it in poster putty in 1/72. Trying to sculpt a mass of glue soaked paper is not exactly a race against time, but it means that if you don't get it right, you can't rework it after it dries, unless you soak it in more water, or add more layers. While the resulting mantlet canvas cover would never set, I also have infinite reworkability until I am happy with it, after which I leave it alone. The suggestions by everyone else offer a second alternative, which is to get the favorable working properties of the epoxy putty (i.e. it's like clay, work it as such to include the folds you're looking for), and then it'll set on its own, permanently fixing the result.  Out of the three, if you want a permanent result the best bet is probably an epoxy putty of some kind.
Also, looking at the size of what you're trying to do (I googled a Firefly mantlet), you're probably better off using a putty or similar. However, it's a close call because if you are building in 1/72 scale, it might be small enough for a paper construction to be self supporting. I'd change the glue ratio to something with more glue and less water though.
I'd say this is also one of the newbie friendlier forums, too.
Very impressive.
It has very fine control and the trigger is very nice. I recommend it, but honestly, I learned a lot using a cheap airbrush and now can appreciate how much better it really is compared to a cheap chinese airbrush.   It's not as good if you work in large scales, because laying down primer will take forever, or large surfaces.
It works, but OP, be careful, that stuff is seriously nasty.
Can you specify what kind of pigments are these? I'd love to look for these in a local art store.
Looks pretty good for the brush painting.   If anything, I'd seriously consider redoing those invasion stripes. It really detracts from a model that otherwise has a pretty solid camo paintjob. Use masking tape. It looks like you might have, but it bled through. I'd either touch those up or redo them. I'd probably redo. Use your finger to press the tape down firmly to prevent bleeds like that, and also try to avoid brushing too heavily along the masking tape to prevent bleeds like the ones you see in the photos.
Which do you prefer?
Older places also tend to have lots of out of production "i wanted that but never bought it" kits, esoteric things like vacuform kits, that sort of thing, old supplies that you can't get anymore (like if you wanted Floquil or something).   And yeah, I agree about the adventure aspect on it. The owners are also usually pretty quirky people, and some are really good builders themselves, hence the esoteric selection.   Some of these places are almost like archaelogical digs or living history lessons; I've seen kits dating back to the 60s in some shops, bagged airfix kits (back when that's how they actually sold them), older japanese kits that have been out of production for decades mint in box, and that sort of thing.   You also get hilarious historical anacrhonisms like the "mideast conflict" model kit (including Desert Storm era kits of a Mig 25 and a F-16), rarities like old ESCI, Matchbox, etc.   Less fun? The often musty smell, and in some cases, the quirky owners.
Sounds like an interesting place. Where is this?
Not sure about that but the majority opinion is that it's harder and more abstract for 1ls to get.
It's not a fast solution though. It takes a while, several days I'd say. But I also left it in there a long time, so your effectiveness may vary.
Speeding it up with heat might help, but it will only increase the likelihood that something will go wrong, the finish won't cure evenly and cause cracking, and that sort of thing. If you apply the varnish too early after applying the paint, you'll also risk causing other complications because the original paint layer hasn't properly cured.
As for the kit, it's not badly detailed for its age (it's an old ESCI mold from the 80s, and by that standard, this is really good), let down by some seriously stupid engineering.   For example, why on earth would you put the ejector pin marks on the side of the part that's facing *OUTWARDS*, and then leave the gluing surface perfectly flat, without ejector pins? Ejector pins all over inopportune places, side skirts are extremely thick, and the mounts for those are laughably thick too.   On the upside (if you think that's the case), link and length tracks, though them seem a bit thick.
So far (and I assembled this a while ago), the body part fit's pretty decent.   Can't say about the wheels or tracks, though some say they don't include enough links.   The bustle rack is a solid piece of plastic, for which I would've preferred photoetch, but considering it cost very little (about 10 USD), it probably wasn't cost effective. Seams on the barrel wasn't so nice, and there was an ejector pin mark on a visible part that needs to be filled.  Painting instructions for anything other than the gulf war variant are lacking; there's only one side view of the SFOR version and none of the up or front and back. Fairly quick build, not really any issues.   All in all, good buy for the money.   Mind, this is 1/72; I can't say about the 1/35 version, though this appears to be a scaled down version of it.
It's constructive criticism, it's not like he wrote "wow this is awful. Stop building models."  To OP:   The mud looks strangely caked on; is there any context for what you were going for?   The washes look, well, out of scale (are those washes?).   In the future, consider thinning the paint a bit more or layering it, there are obvious brush strokes/overly thick paint to the rear of the left side of the turret.   Your detail painting work actually is pretty good (e.g. the tools mounted on the tank), so really, the main issue here is just to get a better primary paint job.   Similarly, the paint chips look pretty good, but the rest of the paint job's roughness really means that they don't stand out (see the edges, front side of the turret).   Finally, the engine grilles on rear of the tank look like they're covered in grease/mud, etc, but not necessarily in a convincing way.   The brush strokes (weathering?) around the rear of the turret also look like . . . well, like someone took a brush with brown/rust colored paint and dragged it across.   And contrary to the comments heaping praise above, I instead agree with OP's remarks about the wash.
Basically, the above comments. OP doesn't know what he's talking about.   Your statement about electric motors and a few cents of plastic is like saying, well, a car is just rubber, metal, and some ceramics, right? Why not just charge the cost of materials? Surely it shouldn't cost more than a few thousand dollars, instead of tens of thousands of dollars.   Yeah, just one problem; retooling an assembly line and all the design work (in some cases) can cost hundreds of millions of dollars.   The same applies to plastic injection molding, which is the way most locomotives are made these days. Tools for plastic injection molding cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to make, meaning that you have to sell a huge number of models before you even break even, let alone turn a profit. Also, you have to spend a ton of money doing research, getting the CAD drawings, getting someone to make you small batches of the valve gear for steam locomotives, die casting bits, and everything else.   Then, you have to assemble all this stuff, ship it halfway across the world, to your distributors, then to you.   Tooling actually used to cost more; if you look at the recent explosion of startup manufacturers of plastic model kits, that suggests tooling costs are less than they used to be, but even then, they are horrendously expensive.   And then, after all that, how many units do you really sell? Probably not many, so then you also have to make up the mold costs by jacking up the price if you can't make it up on volume. And then, you probably get bitched out by the model railroad rivet counters who decide that some grabrail is off by a quarter of a millimeter.   Is it possible that some manufacturers are also trying to maximize their profits? Yes, sure. But you're ignoring that these things are't cheap, certainly not at the volumes you're seeing them being sold today. Model trains are not a common hobby among children, not like it was in the 50s and 60s.   Want another example? Marklin and german trains that are die cast. There's a *reason* why those cost so much, and it's not just because they are out to rip you off.    The pricing difference might also reflect a more expensive cost structure for the company, or they initially underpriced the models, thinking they would sell more units, and then realizing that if they didn't increase the price, at the rates they were moving, they wouldn't break even. It's no shocker why they discontinued the Acela in both scales, for example; the molds must have been horrendously expensive and they probably didn't sell very many.   Further, there's also the size of the production batch that matters. It is often far cheaper to produce a huge batch (when you order from the manufacturer or company under contract to do it) than it is to produce a small batch; the only company that seemed to break this mold was Lima of Italy, which was famous for being able to produce weirdly small batches of specialized prototypes. However, they also went bankrupt and now are part of the Hornby Group, which itself isn't doing well. Try asking a foundry to make you a flywheel or something, or a machine shop. If you ask for one, they'll quote you some absurd price. If you ask for 10,000, it costs a lot less per unit. You're also not accounting for the possibility that Bachman had to order only a small batch of these models; plastic model manufacturers also have to try to opt to produce the most efficient mix of molds at any given time to turn a profit, which is why some models are "discontinued" for a while and them sometimes reappear after a while. Why? Because they probably weren't selling well enough to justify the production time.   I mean, look at the consolidation in the industry; in the last 10 years most of the German manufacturers have consolidated, and even Marklin had to undergo bankruptcy restructuring. A ton of german and italian brands, and the french, have been incorporated into the Hornby company, because they weren't turning profits and were going out of business; they were salvaged by Hornby probably for a song.
It's still very nice work in spite of the base issue. Maybe just rebuild the base properly?
Looks pretty good, the main things I saw on a quick glance were:   1. Most noticeably, the foilage. It's very unconvincing; it looks like algae grew on it or something (I'm betting I'm not that far off, is that lichen for model railroads?).   2. The color of the roadwheels/tracks. I assume the effect you're going for is mud/dirt/dust, but it looks more like the tank's entire driving wheel sets are covered in rust. Maybe the earth needs to be a bit less oxide red/rust red.   3. Maybe add some scratches/drybrush in metallic colors.
I agree. Lately there has been tons of self promotion of blogs, and it's detrimental.   It's particularly bad when someone just posts a YouTube blog link and presents no other content. It also happens a lot with someones personal YouTube channel. Like one or two links of particularly interesting content or something unique is good, but using this space to promote your channel or so on is annoying and in some ways doesn't really add to the discussion.
By which I mean to promote their own blog, not the occasional "hey that's kind of cool" video.
Exactly, however, perhaps the current situation of mod policing is okay? Is the volume high enough to be a problem yet? If self policing is working fine, then I'd be for sticking with it as it is.
I gotta admit, while I usually don't really like models like this that come prebuilt, I want that Osprey.   Gimmick or no, that's really clever.   I agree about the engineering; recently I was working through the snap together snowspeeder and marveled at how modeled the same sprue in different colors and the like. I was tempted just to keep the sprue where it split in color just because it was pretty interesting.   Not cheap, but it seems like the ultimate office desk toy.   . . . And now I want to come up with my own, just to say "who needs $150?"
Interesting, but seems overly thick. Try rolling it out into a thinner layer.
Not to mention that the batteries wear down and need to be replaced, receivers and transmission standards aren't industry standardized....remember how long it took for DCC?   It's a lot of additional circuits and batteries to pack into a tiny engine for arguably limited benefit. DCC is not only good enough, it's arguably more efficient.   Why would I want to have to deal with tons of charger cables, risk of lipo fires etc, and inevitable battery degradation? Model rail locos especially in large scale also consume a fair amount of power. Battery packs are just another point of failure instead of a universal power supply, boosters, and a single chip inside each locomotive.     A common rail system of power makes much more sense   Also, open source solutions offer wireless throttles through a computer and USB interface.
Preshade versus black basing:   1. *Differences in level of precision required*: Preshade requires more precision (e.g you paint in the panel lines you want shaded), versus black bases - paint the whole thing in black, then paint in the color of the aircraft selectively with dots of sprayed paint. Can you or your airbrush paint straight lines? Then preshade and postshade is arguably quicker.   2. *Speed of painting/comparison*: Preshading is quicker if you're a precise painter, while black bases are much more tedious to do, but easier if you can't paint straight lines. Black bases (depending on how executed) can also offer a bit more room for tonal variation for less effort on t backend (because of the way you fill in the black areas with the base color.)   3. *The processes are not as different as they seem, just arguably in reverse*: They are somewhat opposite processes to reach the same result. I've used both. It really depends on what you're trying to do, but you can get very similar effects using either. I don't think it leads to some amazingly different result, really, it's kind two ways to get the same tonal variation in the paint. Black basing is more tedious but offers more control because you're slowly adding in paint.   4. *Selected advantages/disadvantages*: Finally, one disadvantage of pre-shading is that for the panel lines you don't shade in, if you're only painting in the base color, then it assumes that your center panels will be a nearly uniform color.   5. *Guys, pin washing is nothing "new" it's just a new name to refer to something that's been in use for decades, and by guys who want to sell you stuff*: Really, this current trend of calling it pin-washing was invented the major weathering experts or weathering products companies like AK, Mig, etc recently to name a technique that is decades old (I'd say time immemorial, but I'm not nearly that old, thankfully); or Mike Rinaldi (love his work and his books) may have coined the term. (To be clear, I don't have any real problem with weathering products, they are wonderful things; it's just that too often people seem to think these things are cure-alls for lack of practice or that a well weathered/built subject is just a question of what *product* to buy).  6. *But wait, if you do preshading and post-shading you can get a similar result to black basing*: But you can solve that with post-shading, e.g. lightened or darkened versions of the base paint to introduce the same tonal variation you'd see with black basing.   7. *Get off my damn lawn, it's just using a panel line wash/what it does*: Pin washing...back in my day we just called it an oil/panel line wash. I always use it. It's a means of adding shadow, depth, and emphasizing panel lines that wouldn't be as visible on scaled down models and also makes engraved detail pop. You should do it almost as a matter of course.
Honestly, if this is of sentimental value or important, this is not a recommended first build.   It's a long shot that you will finish it without messing up. Painting a model this large with a brush also isn't recommended. Also, the kit itself is not that easy to build.
I'd start with a cheap and easier kit. Airfix makes a number of kits in 1/72 scale that will give you an idea of the level of skill needed.   If it's vitally important that this particular model be nice, then you might also ask if anyone is willing to build it on commission. That's not me, I don't have time.   I would recommend an airfix PR.XIX spitfire in 1/72 or 1/48 scale, a can of spray primer from Tamiya, some brushes, and then maybe model master paint or two spray cans of the appropriate colors.   It's not as easy as it looks to get a smooth finish. See the FAQ up top to get an idea of the tools needed or the many threads asking for help to get started.   Not trying to discourage. It just seems this model is important to you and I don't want you to underestimate how hard your first build can be. As you say, it is more likely than not that your first build will look like dog shit.   If you can't assemble those airfix kits I recommended easily, and like the result, you definitely can't do this one.   If you insist on doing this I'd say the best solution is to spray paint it with a can of paint. Then do the details work in brush painting. Like the propeller tips, landing gears, etc.
It's worse than you think. I saw this but just couldn't act on it. There's a bunch of rare kits in there, including by my count half a dozen Pocher car kits that are worth a ton.
Did he? Consider the alternative perspective that this person values getting rid of them (as it seemed) more than whatever this is worth. These cars were located in Long Island, and given the size of the collection probably by someone of considerable means to be able to amass such a collection. In that case, money may not be as important as space.   I wish I'd taken the time to go out and get the Pocher kits personally, but barn finds like these will always happen, and right now, having them would not do me any favors - I would not want to part with them but nor do I have the ability to keep them.   Or maybe they did pay a semi fair price (I doubt it), but either way, those kits will also end back up on the market eventually.   What I *wouldn't* do, however, is pay absurd prices for any Pocher kits that pop up on ebay in the near future because I will *know* where those are from and I'm not paying for that.   No mistake; if this guy rented a truck to take the kits, chances are he knew he discovered a deal, and snapped it up. Such is the way of the open market. But where there is one deal, there is always going to be another one, unless these are one of a kind items, and that, they are not.
About damned time. But then again, now there's like three or four kits of F-4s being announced.   Academy did theirs, Zoukei Mura announced theirs, etc.   At least it's not in VF-96 markings...*again*.  Admittedly, it'll be nice to build a Phantom that isn't from the era of raised lines and poor fit, though.
Quite so, but even then it's an amusing thought.   Psst, airfix, are you there?
Tamiya 1/48 corsairs should be good in either version. But the p51d is easier than either.   Frankly, if this is your first 1/48 aircraft, I'd recommend the P-51D from Tamiya, as that thing is easy to build (but not so much that it's boring). Fit is damned near perfect.   The airfix Spitfire PR.XIX is a close second for me; it offers a bit more detail (e.g. it includes recon cameras and oxygen tanks), and is usually priced about the same. No doubt someone who hasn't built an airfix kit in a few decades will go 'but all airfix kits are horrible" but they haven't built it. I have. Either of these are also comparatively easy first kits because their paint schemes are not terribly complicated. The airfix is easier because the external colors are either (1) a two-tone light and dark blue finish, or (2) a Swedish Air Force version that is all blue. Bare metal finishes (as is the case with the P-51D) is harder to pull off than a two tone sprayed blue.   The corsair is good, but it's harder to recommend as a first kit because that wing geometry is still a tricky thing, as cool as it looks. But if I had to choose a corsair as a first kit, Tamiya would be the top of my list.   Meng also recently released (or it's about to hit the market) a 1/48 P-51D that's snap-fit (I'd glue it together) that has gotten good press. I have no personal experience, but their kits have a good reputation, and if it's a snap fit model it's designed to (or it damn well should be) fit properly.
Because convenience and consistency achievable through use of a prepacked product. At least that's why the other brands that do the same are so popular. They also base an entire system of weathering and such upon their products, so it's kind of a one stop shop for everything.   And because well, companies have figured out this has become trendy and can sell product, so why not.   Not disparaging, but there are indeed benefits to not using oils or using premixed items. I don't really have any of their stuff, but it makes sense.   I'm probably even further into the minority; the vast majority of my weathering products are either (1) water thinnable oil paints, (2) watercolors, and rarely these days, pastel chalk.   I'll admit I don't really enjoy painting five layers of rust onto a fender or something, and prefer a lighter approach.
