or you rethink what he wrote
Hey man I don't come around here as much as I used to but I've seen your analysis recently and it's excellent. Very little opinion, lots of concrete facts organized in a narrative. Great contributions.
nah that's not true. it's the silencer + tighter spread
I will never use it because of the stance on adblock. I respect the choice but I and many others aren't interested in it for this reason.
Very true, but analysis and betting strategy are two different things. It's a good thing that so many people play "pick-the-winner" for guys like you and me though.
lol when should one be trying to scam someone? he's a scared kid -- pathetic by your account -- and yet he's still got you all riled up.  I'd much rather see someone who makes a mistake correct it, even if not by their own initiative, rather than leave the deed unexamined. There's a chance he learned something.
I actually agree completely. I think the issue is that there are just a limited number of niches for pistols. They aren't weak, just situational. The only thing to buff on them would be armor pen. And if you make them viable against armor I think you have to make it swappable with 5-7/tec-9 because they would just be redundant. Lack of armor pen is actually what gives it a unique place.
Ya agreed. It deserves its own slot soley based off the fact that it fulfills a unique niche compared to all the other pistols. The guns it swaps with are for entirely different use cases and you should have to pick which one is available to you before the game.
bad odds = good odds!
considering how much money valve is raking in off micro-transactions, and how micro-transactions directly fund a much bigger prize pool in their other competitive e-sports game, I think it's a very fair point regardless of olof being the one to make it.  at the very least you have to wonder why there isn't a specific micro-transaction used to fund majors. Is The International Valve run? in contrast to the solely 3rd party valve-endorsed CSGO majors?
Ya I have no illusion that they are tier 1 teams. It's just primarily what I watch (just works out time-wise) so I don't really consider that people might think I'm talking absolutely.  Anyways, I've found most people over-exaggerate the skill difference between the top tier 1 NA teams and the bottom ones. The underdog wins more than *expected* and everyone screams "wow never betting NA again, so inconsistent" when in reality they are just overrating the top teams.   You're definitely right to think most all NA games are risky, but that's a good thing depending on your betting strategy.
no he wasn't. someone contacts you with a threat then you block them.
to play with friends. not saying you're wrong mind you
as far as he knows that just puts him in an uncomfortable situation. there is no telling if that would actually have negative consequences for someone.
I mean I completely agree. No significant difference. But if you're going to over-analyze at least be thorough about it!
if you're serious just go to GA. your excuse for not going is weak and just doesnt even make sense
Can you elaborate? Like you set odds then you determine how risky it is? Because I feel like risk is just a factor in the real odds.   Either way, I agree with OP but:  &gt; If you are good with your analysis and you believe your odds are accurate, you bet against any disparity.  I think it's a little foolish to treat personal odds as highly accurate. No matter how informed you are, you can never be sure your odds are accurate. That's fine if you account for it.  Give yourself a margin for error. Don't bet if you think odds are off 5% or less. Then, I think what maybe you are getting at, have a base bet and scale that according to how confident you are in your odds and how far off csgl odds are from them.   off by 10% and you are confident? bet your base. Off by 20% and you are extremely confident in your odds? Bet a maximum of 3x your base (which should be a small percentage of total inventory - 10% or something). Somewhere in the middle bet 2x base.  But betting when there is *any* disparity is overzealous imo. I get the concept and respect it -- not enough people do if you ask me -- but we need to account for our inability to know if we want to bet by EV.
Not for everyone.
lol this fly's in the face of EV betting though because you're not interested in comparing real odds to lounge odds.  if that 80% overdog is more like a 90% overdog, that's a great bet.
it fills a cheap niche which I think will always make it relatively popular. in terms of price I don't necessarily think this means it will really be *high*... but I'd imagine it will have quite a bit of demand.
frankly i suspected this. I think the "no no no walls dont work now because valve broke them" sentiment was a bit naive, even if true. Still quite possibly a workaround.  but how do you know?
These posts make me sick. Read it. Is it good to you? Can't tell? Then don't take a side.
actually you are right - it is free
I think (good) case-hardened AK's will be much more resistant to the market getting saturated with new AK's compared to items. It's just a unique niche.  Besides the noise you cite (operations, majors, valve market changes, etc.), I think they will only rise.
That's why it's a great label. Calling it all Scandinavian doesn't mean there is little difference within the region. The contrast is with realms outside Scandinavia.   Talking about Asian fashion doesn't mean all Asian countries have the same fashion, it's just juxtaposing that entire situation with the West. But you can still be offended if you want to.
something versatile I guess. grey, navy, olive, khaki
fine. i would go with some that end right above the knee. Longer looks dumb on everyone and I'd steer away from anything shorter. I think right above the knee looks better on your body type plus shorter would probably just add to your apprehension.
nah that's the real hook. the idea is just an excuse
i've heard good things about next level's t-shirts on amazon for the price-point.   http://www.nextlevelapparel.com/Prod-24-1-27-2/fitted-short-sleeve-v.htm
Yup basically this. Time and patience. If you don't take this approach starting out you're going to end up getting a lot of stuff that doesn't fit well and you don't like that much anyways. The "I have an X$ budget give me a shopping list" posts baffle me - they're destined to still have an unsatisfying wardrobe and they'll have spent a lot on it.
learn to hem!
Counter-strike players always have and always will complain about hit-reg. Regardless of the state of the game people will be dissatisfied with hit-reg.  It's sad because it trivializes some very *real* problems with hit-reg. But in reality, even if those were fixed, we'd still hear it till the end of CS.
That's because people treat their odds as if they're true. You're right - our analysis will fail. Give yourself a 5-10% gap and your *chances* (it's still not a guarantee) of profitability should increase significantly.   Also, betting for who you think will win is not inherently at odds with betting for expected value (or "betting the odds"). You can do both. It just means to bet on the favored team when they are less favored on lounge than they should be.  In addition, the overpay system in csgolounge throws a wrench in all of this, technically. I think it's the best strategy for profitability but it also requires a substantial bankroll.
Lunatik and Method are very much in the same class and have been for quite some time now. Just both very firmly in t2 NA. If odds are 60/40 or wider I'm betting underdog.
ya... CLG has proven they're capable of dipping really low. and it's bo1. They're definitely a heavy favorite but I would say more like 85%. Wouldn't even think about betting on CLG. Might as well place a tiny bet on winout or just skip.
meh, she probably gets a lot of attention. how else could we expect her to behave?
There is no NA argument. He's talking about the top tier teams in NA. Why would we start the tier list at 2?  It's pretty useless to talk about NA teams in comparison to EU when 90% of the NA teams never play anyone outside of NA, and for the ones that do, it's just a couple times out of the year. The EU scene just isn't relevant to NA teams -- this shouldn't be so controversial.
caster is so fucking pissed at him. love it
G2 and F3 are both kind of sporadic. At their average I don't think they are very far off (but a definite nod to flipside - probably 60/40). F3 is high tier 2 g2 is mid tier 2 and both are very inconsistent, wouldn't you say? 70/30 seems off, given that. I'd put it at 65/35 based solely off the previous games but there is no guarantee how these teams show up. It's 70/30 right now and might fall lower for G2. If it does I think I'm going to bet on G2, otherwise skip.
&gt;I know there isn't a "safe" game, but for example Affinty vs Liquid was pretty safe to me, but Liquid vs Cloud9 was not safe at all. No reason to bet big.  Great reason to bet big on liquid lol. I mean it was 77-23 right? that's just insane. I think in general if you have respect for expected value and bet NA most of your bets there are going to be on the underdog.  I think one of the best ways to become a more profitable bettor is to break the "bet on winner" mentality. If you skip a lot and wait for games with crazy-wrong odds then you can make a lot of profit.
Well I hope you bet on G2. F3 have a pretty poor payout vs. the risk IMO.
last season inferno was definitely liquid's best map. not sure if that's changed or if people are just forgetting.   overall i agree though. I think liquid has a better chance to win but not by a lot. 55/45 or so
It wasn't very close. Not a total stomp but they took a lead and kept it. Exact same matchup. C9 is definitely the favorite but odds for them are pretty shit right now. I feel like LG is the smarter bet. I'm hoping they drop further in light of the fact that C9 beat them convincingly on the same damn map.
the odds definitely are skewed by liquids recent performance. Not to say that should be totally ignored but it doesn't give enough credit to the full picture (liquid and CLG being very close).
I love how it didn't work but he still got him *with a random jumping glock hs.*  God it was so fast. I would have been so frustrated lol
damn hearth's never take a break. can't believe people will still sleep with them in their homes.
he wondered why they still had odds in the 70's. meaning he thinks they should be at minimum 80, or more, right?
a true hero
im just surprised this isn't the consensus
that's just about the opposite of what he wrote though.  do you know how easy it is to win 80%+ of your bets? It's very easy for your average bettor. But how profitable is it?
