Wow, I missed this. What a fantastic play. He should be pumped up, that was a hell of a bunt.
For the love of all that is good and holy can I please get a fucking pitchers' duel at Coors tonight, or at least a regular old 4-3 kind of game. My opponent is up to 26-9-28-1-.413 after *three days*. I have four more days of this ass whooping to endure.  /checks starters  A. Simon (1-5) vs. E. Butler (2-2)  YEEEEEEARRRRRRRRGGGGHHHHHH
I like that trade, with Keuchel not being all that great so far. Holliday has been warming up....he tends to really go off after the ASB. People freaked about Holliday being all OBP and no power after 2015, but he was getting pitched around and then he got hurt twice.
I don't know whether there's statistical proof or not, but CW has always been that knuckleballers are high variance. When they're on, they're unhittable; when they're off, they're doomed.  That being said, it's hard not to be impressed with Wright so far.
&lt;3 Mike Shannon
This is one of the arguments against the DH. If Ventura has to stand in there and get thrown at, maybe that'll keep him from headhunting in the future.
Yep. I think it's telling that Perez didn't make more of an effort to grab Machado. It's not like he sprinted to the mound, he was kind of limping a little.
Anybody think Shaw should be faded against Bumgarner?
Holliday is the better bet. He's got ~50 points of career OBP on Peralta.
Both, if at all possible....
Being hung over shouldn't take 8 mph or so off your fastball.  I can't imagine how they didn't see this during warmups though.
Sounds like a good deal to me. Holliday is a very good bet to run a higher OBP than he has right now, especially in the 2nd half. I like Ross but I don't think he's anything special.
Absolutely. Rosenthal is running a BABIP of .341 (mostly from the dreaded Non-Save Situations) so his rates look worse than they should.   Allen's BABIP, meanwhile, is .220.
The fact that they're being so aggressive with bringing him back is encouraging. If they thought there was a re-injury risk, you'd think they would be more cautious.
Matheny really likes Rosenthal. I think he's still got a pretty long leash. And the Cards also have Siegrist, who usually pitches the 8th, so it's hard to say that Oh is the clear #2. They've been using Oh as the 7th inning/fireman kind of guy, which is where Maness was up until recently, and Matheny likes pushing that button.  On another team, Oh would probably be a better bet for saves.
Depends on what you need. Carter is better for HRs and RBIs, Calhoun for runs, average, and steals.  Both of them have tough draws tonight. Carter vs Harvey, Calhoun vs Kluber.
If I did my math right, he's now slashing .250/.250/.652 for the year  Fuck The DH (tm)
I'm sticking with him, for now. A lot of his underlying stats look unremarkable. .280 avg, .361 OBP, pretty close to his career norms. For some reason his slugging is down about 100 pts.  Not a whole lot to see in his peripherals either IMHO....except for the batted ball rates. He's frequently hitting the ball on the ground and he's never once, in his career, been that type of hitter. He's running a 54.5% GB this year, despite a career average of 40.7%. (GB/FB is extreme at 2.43; career is 1.10. League average is around 1.30ish.)  If you want to know where his power went, that's where. Now why that's happening, I don't know. I've been watching this all season and it's been a mystery the whole time. Is his swing different? Is he nursing an undisclosed injury? The futility of his teammates surely isn't helping--it could be he's getting pitched around a little bit--but that still doesn't explain the grounders.
Yup. If you won't start a hitter at Coors, you might as well drop him already.
Harper, Arenado, Bogaerts, and then whichever of Thor and Arrieta you like better. Gotta keep Bogey because of positional scarcity.
I dunno, feel I like there's more talent on the Bats/Davis/Ramos side.  Davis &gt; Abreu, but Bats &lt; Marte. So that's kind of a wash, I guess. Then it comes down to how bad you need pitching, but Ramos seems like kind of a lot to give up for Disco (who I think is overrated) and a very down year so far from Archer.
Demanding that all your music be sung in English seems to be an American thing (or an Anglophone thing, I guess if you're a Canadian). If vocals are in another language, you tune in more to the sound and not the grammatical meaning.  And I mean, c'mon, the Beatles. They could sing the phone book and it would be compelling.
If you only listen to one Megadeth record, it's *got* to be Rust In Peace. Peace Sells &amp; Countdown are also excellent, but they're not a genre landmark like RIP is. /$.02
I can understand not liking it, I guess, but how can you possibly describe such meticulously crafted music as "phoning it in?" You don't just stroll into the studio and make up those 4-part Brian Wilson vocal harmonies on the spot like that.
I don't care who you root for, that was fucking hilarious
Yeah, why 8th? I don't get it. Does he have bad #s against Chacin or something?
McGee is definitely droppable if you need the spot.
For people that have debilitating medical conditions, it certainly isn't red tape that's preventing them from being entrepeneurs....
If there's anything in the world that needs the absolute fuck regulated out of it, it's nuclear power. It's reprehensible, in my book, to treat something so inherently, uniquely complex and dangerous as just another profit source.
I still don't think they'll replace him, although they may try to give him 3-4 days off sometime soon. If he shits the bed like this a few more times in the next week or two, maybe then Matheny will really start seriously considering a change.  In the event there is a change, it's unclear whether it's Oh or Siegrist. Both have the stuff to close. Siegrist is a lefty, however, and they may choose to give the closing job to Oh because he's a righty. On the other hand, Siegrist has been on St. Louis' major league roster since 2013, and it's entirely possible Matheny will think Siegrist has Paid His Dues or what-not.  Anybody that says anything definitive until we've heard something concrete about a switch from Matheny himself is speculating. Until then, I would assume the gig is still Rosenthal's. (It's also not totally crazy to think they might try a by-committee approach.)  I still don't understand exactly what the hell is wrong with Rosenthal. He's too good for this. The walks are one thing, but he's usually good about keeping the ball in the yard.
Just cause he gets on the right side of one issue doesn't mean we suddenly think he's a hero. I'm certainly thrilled that he's taking such a hard line, it will help create badly needed political space on the right to defy Trump's foreign policy.   We won't just magically forget all the other dopey things he's said and done over the years, but there's also no point in shitting on him while he's doing something positive for once.
I hope he loses money and the new stadium collapses in a heap the day before it's supposed to open  edit to add: and then they have to keep on playing at the fucking LA Coliseum, which is *obviously so much fucking better* than the Edward Jones Dome
These smoke our current thirds, and I do like those. These are just amazing though
Read the fucking books first
What a shift. Easy penalty call there too
Love seeing Edmundson just push Panarin from the net to the corner
Possibly unpopular opinion: Carson Cistulli is unreadable
Don't get it. There must be more going on
I dunno, I feel like now that Columbus has finally lost, they're going to fall back to earth a little.  Hall and Foligno are facing the best goalies, at any rate.
I think you fucked up, sorry. I'd much rather have Staal this year. Less bad if it's a keeper league, I guess.
Nope. Keep Radulov
Same here. Can't help but be impressed with him on this.
Those people are no better than terrorists themselves, then
Dude is persona non grata in St. Louis for that. I don't even really care about HOF balloting that much, but fucking with Stan Musial is crossing a line.
Congressional term limits are a terrible idea.
That's just fucking mindblowing. The cueball travels something like 20' on that shot and hits the balls at the end at exactly the right angle with exactly the right velocity to set him up to keep shooting.
O'Keefe needs to be careful about this kind of shit, since he's already got a rap sheet at this point. Eventually a prosecutor is going to take an interest in him.  Getting people to say stupid things on camera isn't illegal, but trying to bait people into rioting is really pushing it.
I've always thought anything that takes *three full seasons* worth of data to stabilize requires error bars to be really meaningful.
&gt; Take out all the commercials from a baseball match and Baseball players would be homeless.   You're just talking out of your ass. [MLB averages ~30,000 paid attendance at every game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_attendance_figures_at_domestic_professional_sports_leagues). And MLB has 162 games per year per team, substantially more than any other league in any sport in the world that I'm aware of. Baseball is also not [nearly as provincial](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_current_Major_League_Baseball_players_by_nationality) as you seem to think it is.  Notice how I am not tearing down or shitting on other sports, because it's unnecessary. See how easy that is?
The Starr investigation became a witch hunt. Lewinsky had **nothing to do with Whitewater** which is what Starr was supposed to investigate. Prosecutorial overreach. Clinton should not have been forced to answer questions under oath about an extramarital affair in D.C in the 90s during an investigation about fraud on a land deal in Arkansas in the 70s.  That and Gingrich, Hyde, etc being hypocritically cheating on their own wives the whole time. And that is really all that needs to be said about the Lewinsky scandal in the context of January 2017, ten days before a Russian intel asset is inaugurated President.
