Better than Payton?  Yes.  Better than Malone?  Are you kidding?  Malone was a freaking beast, right up until he got hurt.  Had he not gotten hurt, the Lakers probably could have beaten the Pistons.
Ballmer, ultimately, is a sales guy.  Ballmer took the helm of a well entrenched engineering based company and basically rode the coat tails of what Gates left behind.  During Ballmer's tenure, he did increase the value of the company (share value went up plenty), but he left a huge engineering mess behind with a number of his policies.  Now that he's out of the way, MS is making some good inroads on engineering-y things that a lot of users want in this day and age.  Let's hope that this updated focus will get some better products out the door and into the hands of more people.
Who says California wants low/unskilled labor.    Before computers were being built in CA, plenty of clothing was designed and built in CA (denim is still heavily here).  This manufacturing long left CA in the late 80s/early 90s and there likely won't be any push to get most of that back.  The only major "plant" I'm aware of in CA is the Tesla one and I'm sure every CA representatives will sign a blank check to Mr. Musk to keep most of it in CA.  California has a very unique situation where we can attract all levels of skill.  Between our colleges and our companies, there is a heavy demand on highly skilled labor to design "things" -- there simply isn't a huge demand to build those "things".  So many other countries have already mastered the art of building, why does CA need it back?  The big companies that have left CA include big car companies: Nissan and Toyota.  Nissan left to Tennessee -- not only for the low taxes, but because the manufacturing plants were already in that state (moving to Nissan also cut hundreds to thousands of jobs).  Toyota is moving their main HQ to Texas, but none of their R&amp;D.  They will also likely lose ~30-50% of their work force by moving (contractors to full time is nearly 2:1, they won't move any contractors).  Between the tax savings of simply getting out of CA, the tax breaks that Texas will give and the sheer number of people that won't relocate (several of my neighbors work at Toyota, they aren't going), you're looking at massive savings by simply changing their PO.  What I'm trying to say is: looking strictly at companies leaving California for Texas is a misnomer.  You need to dig into the details as to why these companies are leaving and understand that its not JUST lower wages and tax breaks.
&gt; Of course it does, indirectly, that all trickles down.  This has been an economic plan since the 80s and it has been proven that it doesn't work.  &gt; You start taking large numbers of incomes out of California and you'll start seeing demand falling across the various markets, lessening the various resource demands, including unskilled labor.   You're actually listing something that Californians *should* want: get more people to leave the state.  People leaving from the CA (specifically in congested LA, Bay Area) would increase the number of available houses.  With a surplus of housing, rents would have to be decreased to keep them filled.  Los Angeles is very expensive, with no plans to build vertically and we lack affordable housing.  Getting enough people to move out of LA would help reduce the costs for everyone, in LA.  The numbers of jobs and people leaving from CA are in the four and maybe five figure range.  CA has a population of ~18 million people and it would have to take *many* more people to leave CA before any changes were made for business taxes or incentives.  Giving companies a tax break once will make them threaten to do it again -- you have to accept that if they want to move, they *will* move.
If she just started and isn't far dilated, you have time for at least a bucket and possibly 9 holes.
This was such a deadly combo in BF3, but I really don't see it often enough in BF4.
Bingo.  This.  In BF3, you could get a soflam up to cover roughly half of the map and someone with a JAV could cover the ENTIRE map.  This combo was too powerful and BF4 feels far too weak!
The ones that go 54-2 are ones that are utilizing team play with at least a single repair guy and usually a second.  Scout piloting is hard.  Living in a scout takes both piloting, situational awareness and knowing when to GTFO.  How about all the tank videos with the same kill steaks?  Every one of them have both a pilot and gunner, usually having a repair guy right next to them as well -- why are you asking for tanks to also get the nerf hammer?  Piloting is difficult.  Living in those birds is even MORE difficult.  The only maps that have insane kill streaks are the ones with copious cover.  Get those birds out in the open and they are very easy to remove from the battlefield.  If piloting was so easy to get those massive kill streaks, everyone would do it.
Just about every time Don goes and does "Dick things", he ends up getting hurt.  Hitchhiker couple?  He takes a roofie, they steal his wallet.  In the latest series, his car breaks down, he donates money and the locals beat him the F up.  There is a sense of safety in NYC, with Don.  He's respected, he's well known, his chiseled face is something to behold and it's well recognized.  Don belongs in Gotham, he doesn't belong anywhere else but there.  As soon as Dick shows up, he's bound to get slapped back down to where he belongs -- at the bottom.  Don't affinity for picking up hitchhikers is a reflection of what he initially felt -- alone, without a cause.
The Roadster as it was? No.  The Roadster as a brand new incarnation?  Yes.  There will come a time when their R&amp;D wants to completely start over and release a small coupe with everything Tesla has to offer.  Starting from scratch is the "Tesla way" and they'll definitely come back to it down the line.  For now, let's bug them to complete the Model X and Model 3 -- there is a massive line of people ready for electric car adoption, let's satisfy this need first!
When he said that, I firmly expected his hands to lower to Winger's rear.  Winger would then bat it away and then the Dean would then go for a squeeze.
CQ is the DLC that convinced me that BF3 was a significantly better "gun" game than anything else before it.  I'd love for another BF title to have this mode and a few of those maps, but I truly want more destruction to help remove/stop some specific choke points that ended up being the strategy for a few of those maps.
What I want in a grappler:  - Clean AA.  QCF+P and the timing is relatively lenient.  - Some near full screen move that prevents projectile spam from constantly pinning me back.  Think Viper's ground attack.  - Mobility.  Even if this grappler is "large", the dashing and/or roll gets them the stage.  For SF5's game system:  1. Stay without 360/720 motions.  QCF/B is plenty fine, especially if you're doing 2x of them.  2. Allow for special grabs to grab while characters are in hitstun.  As an attacker, you can jump in with an attack, get a few pokes and then special grab them.
Basically, I want [Goro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLk73y4PJaE) in the SF series.  This video makes him look OP, but he was well balanced within the game system: well spaced projectiles were an issue, his jump was terrible, fast poke characters were a PITA, etc.  Omega Hugo has a slew of these items and he's not considered OP (or no one is playing Omega).
Team #WhiteWalker checking in.  Looks like all of your hope and saviors are gone, it's about time we make an appearance.
Bacon wrapped hot dogs.  Since you're putting it on a shirt, the visual will work out quite well.
Lil Bird is practically unfair to fly against, if you're in the Z11.
It would have to behave the same or better than real grass, consistently.
From a player's perspective, it would have to relate to how consistently it holds full iron shots, pitch shots and chip shots.
Title is misleading.  It should be: I made it, I photographed it, I ate it, I posted it.
Removing 15 trillion from our budget?  Ok, I understand the reasons for doing this.  Now where are the 15 trillion in cuts?  The the model for the government is from businesses, this sort of proposal would get you laughed out of the boardroom.
If the top 1% spent %s of income the same way that the lowest 1% did, then maybe minimum wage would be fine -- because there would be SO MANY people employed.    The richest 1% don't spend nearly the same %s of their income on food, gas, rent, etc.  Imagine if a pro sports player spent 90+% of their incoming food, gas and rent (building NO equity) -- they would practically fund entire neighborhoods.  There has to be a ceiling of income where you simply cannot consume that many goods or services, for the rest of your life.
Taxi's aren't the problem, it's the laws.  If you're a taxi driver, you need to pay for a license to drive professionally.  In order to keep this license, you need specific and clear markings on your car, insurance, etc.  These are all mandated by the government, no real way to get around it.  This situation is no different in the states (the cost is very high in NYC).  Uber is providing a service that costs less because it skirts virtually *every* law that was put in place to protect consumers -- hence why it's cheaper than traditional taxi's.  What Uber is doing is providing a transportation service that is better than traditional cabs.  It would take very little work (ihmo) for cabs to adopt a model where it was 10x easier to get a taxi to come to pick you up, they simply haven't adopted with the times.
&gt; So Uber is going against the customer protection by loopholing laws and you want taxis to do the same.  Yes.  Uber is completely bypassing local laws designed around this business.  &gt; Seems Uber Pop is the shit tier service.  Uber Pop (in EU, at least) is the unlicensed driver service that is getting the ban hammer because it works with unlicensed services.  When most people hear and think of "Uber", they are thinking simple of "transportation" and don't necessarily care if it's licensed or not.  The one thing I can give credit to Uber for: building a better service model.  Taxi (currently) are relatively poor are getting you service when and where you want it.  Uber solves this via apps and unlicensed drivers help fill in the time gaps that traditional taxi's do not offer (not economically feasible to service all of many cities).
&gt; When you get repaired in a tank, always drive away so that the engineer can't help you anymore and the fight is fair for your opponent.  Sometimes I wish there was an audio or video queue to tell you to sit still for that rep, possibly a count down until that repair is complete.  There are times when I'm sitting still because of the repair, but then I quickly need to GTFO when the heat is incoming -- I didn't mean to NOT accept your repair, but the next set of rockets would have nullified your torch.
DJ is likely going to leave, as the Clippers don't have the cap space to sign him.  This is a business and unless their new owner really opens the wallet, there are FAR greener pastures out there.  Let's say the Clipper did resign to a big contract: how does it help their paper thin bench?  DJ could tie up tons of cash for years, the Clippers won't have anyone around to help when the starters get tired and then all the star FAs will leave because there isn't a change they will be playing in the finals for more than the first round.
The paint is plenty big.  It's not like they are both Shaq sized.
[Phil's technique](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4DevROGzXM)  This isn't necessarily easy for all (I find Pelz's easier, but not enough stopping power), but it's worked better when I *want* spin.
I, for one, welcome our autonomous driving overlords.  Autonomous driving has been around the corner for quite some time.  It won't be until we get several players in this market, billions of miles of R&amp;D and a bit of laws sorted out before it truly will be "here".  Make no mistake about it, I also believe there will be a time when we're all paying a monthly fee for driving, but I also don't envision it will be here for everyone within at *least* a decade.
Liked EP7, but there were too many things that just felt ... lazy.  Star Killer.  Seriously?  Best you could do was come up with Death Star 3.0?  Almost identical way to blow it up as well.  Seriously.  Kylo took off his helmet way too soon.  Once he did that, his mystique was gone.  Should have stayed on until near the very end.  The foreshadowing of the last dramatic bit was too much.  Totally obvious it was going to happen, by whom and where.  Ending was piss poorly handled and I'm sure they shot several different variations.  The movie should have ended with the Falcon just taking off OR a bit more dialog should have happened.  Instead, we get all these cool scenery pieces for ... a helicopter camera angle?  Lame.  Disney easily told JJ not to take too many risks and he succeeded.  Was it EP7 fun?   Yes.  Was it a good way to bring a newer audience into the Star Wars world?  Yes.  Does it make me want to see EP8?  YES.  Was it just a bit lazy with all the rehashed elements?  Yes.
Big fan of the KOF system and definitely liked the optional things that were done with the CvS system.
Things I will miss:  * Flashy combos. * FADC being a powerful game mechanic. * Bipson s.HK.  Things I won't miss:  * 1F links being absolutely required for some BnBs (play Rufus without it, go for it). * Incredibly powerful dive kick setups. * FADC being too powerful as a game mechanic. * Option selects.  Yes, they HAVE existed in the past, but not like this. * Vortex setups.
Chargers and Rams, then the stadium's naming rights can be sold to Dodge.
Would give up my LA rights for this suitcase.
Apple's Hypervisor.framework lacks several features that other OSes have (USB pass through, GPU pass through, etc), so it's really NOT ready for *everyone*.
Would love to see how well an NFL o-lineman would do in Sumo (given about a year of training).  Take a peak 20 y/o o-lineman and get him in that ring to see what happens.
Make no mistake: I firmly believe that!  What I still would like to see is a well conditioned O-line player that trains for about a year on this.  O-line players basically live for these situations, have the necessary hefty weight required for the job AND have the needed endurance for said sport.  What they lack is training and I'd love to see what a motivated NFL-caliber player could do in Sumo.
If Joel didn't call Jim ... Dean during this, I'd be disappointed.
Move to an area where great golf is year round (likely FL), buy a home on a private course, and just start playing all the time.
Tiger's big domination heavily came in the form of health and fitness.  Yes, there were players before him that took fitness to the next level (Gary Player, etc), but Tiger's combo of both fitness *and* the mental pieces that is required in golf is really what got him to make those clutch chips and putts.  Today's pros have taken their fitness to the next level.  They didn't all of a sudden start going to the gym because of seeing someone else, they've been doing the work since before they were pros -- because that's the only way to succeed at a high level.  There are some pros that haven't adhered to the level of fitness, but they definitely seem like the minority.  Definitely want Tiger back in the mix of competitive golf.  I *want* to see the look on his face when he's hungry and eager.
Learning how to cook and teaching the value of home cooking is an incredibly powerful life skill.  There is nothing better than walking into the grocery store and being incredibly confident that you can easily feed yourself (and family) on the cheap, while providing good nutrition.
While DTLA was my favored location (several rail lines), I'm annoyed that it's now out of favor.  Inglewood location is close to the 105 (LAX) and 405 -- likely the preferred spot due for owners.  I'm *not* fond of this location due to how incredibly busy it already is.  Forget the fact that only eight home games will be played here, the stadium will be multi use and will be hosting PLENTY of other events throughout the year.  Carson is my preferred location.  Close to the 91/405/110 (710 and 605 are also fairly close), lots of open space and it's really not THAT far from LAX.  Getting in and out of Carson is FAR easier than anything near LAX and everyone in LA knows this.
&gt; Even if there is a shuttle or something, that negates some of the traffic reduction benefits public transpo could have helped.  Shuttles have already been talked about for Inglewood and Carson.  The thing is: we're YEARS away from the lines completing, it's embarrassing.  Why NOT embrace what LA is (cars) and go to Carson without all the public transportation.  Anaheim Angels' have an amazing route in and out of their stadium (use carpool, seriously) with the freeways, why not do the same in Carson?  Inglewood is closer to LAX and Hawthorne airports, making it the most prime location for everyone that has the money (owners).  Make no mistake about it, my preference is Carson and they are going to set their guns for Inglewood.
Buy fewer things.
The 405/105 can handle only so much!
Medic class shouldn't have the best ARs in the game.  With BC titles, the Medic has all the support guns instead of the M416, AEK, etc.  Because of this change, the medic is a much better player to sit back a bit, provide supporting fire and becomes a mobile spawn/healing point vs. the run-n-gun machine that they currently are.
&gt; So, tee time is booked for 11 tomorrow, and we're ready to go. What is the most important thing to ensure I have the best round I can, and the best day out into the bargain?  Keep pace.  Relax.  Keep pace.  Bring a lot of extra golf balls.  Keep pace.  Be prepared to pick up your ball after back to back bad shots.  Keep pace.  Be mindful of where your misses are and play accordingly.  Keep pace.
Add the bipod and play a bit of Fortress.  While you don't have the sheer amount of ammo the LMGs have, you're still able to drop people (with ease) with one quick burst.  If I'm picking medium to long engagements with assault, the G3A3 is my definite goto.
WW was broken AF, period.  If you never played it, go find a few buddies and enjoy that snails paced game with all the broke!  Better yet, make sure to get the oldest OG rom you can, as it had all the famous bugs/glitches in it.
&gt; We are getting shit on for sucking due to our history of dominating. How many teams command that type of attention?  The Lakers have been to almost half of the overall NBA finals, ever.  While the Lakers' success in the finals isn't as good as other teams, the sheer number of appearances is pretty impressive.  Laker hatred is well understood due to the consistent performance we've had for a very long time.  For now, the Lakers need to work on their young core to create valuable assets not only for trades, but to help land potential FAs.  As-is, we haven't had a significant FA signing since ... Shaq.  Since that one signing, we've basically robbed Paul to pay Peter (losing draft picks) and it's caught up with us.  Laker FO knows how to rebuild, but it takes several years.  There isn't a single player on the market (or not on the market) that will take the Lakers back to championship contender -- we *must* develop what we have.
