Since I discovered Isopure I have not gone back to making them myself. The coffee-espresso flavor tastes just like a jamoca shake, when made with almond milk.
I liked the strawberry and cream, but this coffee knocks it out of the park! I'm interested in the banana as well.
Maybe you should see your doctor.
When the "Lord of Light" brings her back, healed of Greyscale, you're all gonna be right back on the Stannis bandwagon.
This was my thought, did I miss something?  Edit: Downvotes but no answer... Excellent.
Thanks, it's my general line of thinking right now.
This I was worried about, not to mention the Las Vegas factor.
He said he was coming back y'all. What did you expect?
Get a little more creative, he only has to buy the people that won't already vote for him, and only has to get 50+% of one of the major EC states to swing the election...
Look its not what he is that matters, but how he identifies. When he gets back, we'll ask him...
Busy... So scratch omnipotent and omnipresent... Only one leg to stand on...
Look, I don't know about you, but I see Metallo, Scarecrow, Harley Quinn, and Catman... I fail to see the problem here.
The digital IMAX is bs, but still quite a bit better than any theatre in town. It's all I will watch, and why I also only go to the cinema like 3 times a year.
I'm excited, until they change the battle system, the materia system, and the story... They've already said it won't be just a HD skinned version of the same game.
Call me a homer, but seeing a Colts/Panthers Superbowl would be a blast for the YoungQB showcase. The last several years have all featured at least one veteren QB.
I wish it surprised me the way it declared my standing... I tried my best to be specific in each question instead of accepting straight yes/no.
I don't wanna leave the jungle, no no, no no no no.
Don't give him the benefit of an accelerant...
You hear about it every now and again... Unfortunately there are assholes everywhere.
I've liked the idea exposed on here of watching the films in the order of 4-5-2-3-6 and disregard 1.   1 stands alone and almost every plot point introduced during it is wrapped up by the end. Actors and such change between 1-2 as well, and it's really just not needed. This order also retains many of the plot twists and exciting reveals that you will be cheated out of watching them in 1-6 order.
Enjoy your 39.99 two week delivery once there's no competition...
My favorite thus far is one of the boroughs of Gotham is named '[Otisburg](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tWiwYApseDk)'.
I hope there's a dance this year, they always turn out so well.
It sounds so godawful that I need to try it and see if I survive.
Say what you will about Trump, but that is fundraising genius.
You go earn it yourself. :)
Your George Seifert and the one I remember weren't the same guy...
It's like in College Bball, everyone hates Duke, but Duke only really has vitrol for Carolina.
He always seemed like a Zima guy to me...
Jeff Fisher let us down...
Based on the whole "SuperBowl 50" and the big deal that the NFL has made out of it this year, and I understand they are both good teams with talented players, but, if both the Packers and the Chiefs can successfully navigate this bracket and meet in the Superbowl you will never again be able to convince me that the NFL isn't rigged.
We needed the tie for the perfect nfc west parity.
I've seen enough Hentai to know that this can't end well...
Someone who saw *54* one too many times...
I know everyone loves the hawks right now, and they are looking good, but an early game @ Minnesota where they are calling for 0F is going to test them a bit.
I figure they just make Winston player-coach, dude knows what he's doing, right?
Bourbon... Or that charcoal filtered shit from down south...
I don't know I think there might have been a few more forced throws in one direction expecting the big man to go up and make the catch... having to work with the receiving core we have he had to use his progressions more and find the open man.
I totally think the raiders should go there so they and the Spurs so San Antonio can be the Silver and Black Attack city.
I find it interesting that range where 17-21 all made the top 10. They were rolling on all cylinders.
I know a lot of people who loved 'The Phantom Menace' on first viewing, I saw it in theatres 3 times, it only soured on me a few years later.  I recall a reviewer at the time wrote an honestly negative review about it, and people really let him have it.  Point is, opinions are opinions, and peoples views on particular items are want to change over time.
Unfortunately have to have it to view things like vsphere web client in prod... It blows.
That one play without announcers was phenomenal.
I say you move the pro-bowl to the hall of fame game, and get those that win the previous season to represent, kind of acts as a first preseason game with a few reps per player, and gets people excited to see all the stars out to open the season.
The problem is you give a friend or family member say 1 mil, and say that should take care of you, and they get mad, wonder why you didn't give them 5...
*You can't just put something between two slices of bread, and call it a sandwich. Is a loaf of bread, a bread sandwich?*
I want them, game is going to be so Hype, and I'm tired of hearing about how they're the best team in football. To be the best, you've got to beat the best, I'd like to have them and AZ in our house.
Agreed, its whomever shows up with their A game, two weeks ago we shit the bed in ATL, last week the Cards did the same, and we don't really want to talk about your previous division tussle...  Point is we're all good teams, and as they say in Highlander, "In the end, there can be only one."
Its been proven, if you want to be president you have to connect with the common man of Ohio. What better place?
The permanent record bullshit through school.
