Eye contact is not just "eye contact" though, and some people don't realize this.  Often you can tell when someone is making eye contact just to make eye contact, and often they have these unnatural, big wide-open eyes that are clearly strained.  Or, while you are "trying" to make eye contact, they make eye contact with you, and then you shift your mannerism somehow, or your eyes get larger, or whatever, even in the most subtle way, to their eyes, makes it come off as creepy.  Eye contact is important, but it needs to be natural, and this is a hard challenge for a lot of people.  Also, natural eye contact is not 100% staring into their eyes, no one does that naturally.  It's looking at their eyes, but letting your eyes wander a little to their lips, or you looking away while you think of a response.  This is more natural.  I have a friend who doesn't get this and you can tell he is trying to have eye contact, but instead he just eye fucks you because of the never ending "stare."  And that is the key-word, good eye contact is NOT staring, it is like I said, looking in their eyes, but not penetrating their eyes, not being afraid to look at their lips or something else when you think.  Looking at their eyes can be great, especially with someone of the opposite sex, but if you are going to molest their eyes with your eyes, it better be with someone who you know there is a good vibe with between each other.  Hoverer, I don't know.  This usually just means people don't want you to be "in" on their conversation, but you hang around anyway, missing the social ques.  This could be fore many reasons why they may not want this, but typically if someone is already engaged in a conversation, and you show up, if they don't immediately bring you into it, after the initial "hey how's it going?"  then just move on.  I mean, you might say, "What's new?" and then if it doesn't go beyond a "not much..." then you just say, "Oh just wanted to say hey, don't want to interrupt your conversation. I'll see you guys later!"  Then move on.  Hoverers don't get the social que and still hang around.  I am not saying this is your case, but the situation is situational.  You can be the most popular person around, but doesn't mean that a certain conversation is meant for you to be a part of.  Not everyone wants you to be a part of every conversation, so don't take it as a personal sleight against you if they don't want you to be.  The popular person gets this, understands this, and moves on quickly.  No lingering, no awkward pauses, just, "See you later!"  But, if you are asking yourself why you may not be the person that gets brought into the conversations, there are many reasons this could be.  It's true what others have said, being attractive helps, but that's not really it.  All that does is help you jump through a few hoops.  If you are still "weird" then people will catch on soon enough no matter how good looking you are.  A lot of it has to do with because people don't think you have something to bring to the conversation.  People enjoy others who have an interesting life, have interesting stories to share, or things they can relate to with.  If you are NEVER the person to talk about cool things you did that weekend, or places you went, or relevant things to others, and being able to do so in an interesting way, it is harder for them to even care sharing with you about anything.  My go-to success in social situations is to have your own interesting things about yourself, but to spend 90% of the time talking about things they care about.  See them talking about something?  Ask them a cool question about it, show interest in their topic.  Focus on them and they love you.  Again, this needs to be natural and you need to show sincere interest, and questions can't be technical and just for gaining info, but more along the lines of, "Oh wow, that sounds like it was so fun, did you manage to do this too when you did it?!"  As just a brief example...  Ultimately though, the key is to being able to predict how other people might react to what you say and do, and being able to do that on the fly, without thinking about it much.  Meaning, if I act a certain way and I do a certain thing, what are these people going to think?  Being able to "know" how people will react rather than just guess or try to think how they will is the highest quality to have that will help you succeed in socialisms  more.  It allows flexibility, the ability to discern people's different personalities and how to react to each one appropriately.  It will allow you to more quickly catch the social ques because you can discern what others might be thinking.  Some of this comes from experience, but much of it just comes from self-awareness.  This is all easier said than done, and it is hard to say it is something that can be "practiced." Why? Because much of it you can't really... However, the important thing is this...  If YOU like yourself, and you know what you want in your life, and are going for it, then you will have the self-confidence to be that kind of person.  Just know what you want out of life and go for it.  If you don't, that's step one.  You can't go any further if you are just gonna doubt yourself.  The reality is that it all falls back on you and you CAN and absolutely will become someone that is likable and successful, in whatever way that definition of success matters to you, but you first gotta believe in yourself that one, you are not some creep, because you're not, and then go from there.  Social anxiety is a very real and common thing, but you're not doomed with it from birth.  Much of it is learned... So, unlearn it.  It takes time, but all of a sudden you look back and you realize how different you are socially, but at the same time, never lost who you are inside.  I have confidence that you'll figure it out!
This is cool, but wouldn't it just be more efficient for them to just refund the difference?
But, the base could easily be turned into just a skeleton crew, with significantly smaller programs only. They will lose outon hundreds of millions, likely billions over some years of we can't get that plane here. The sound is really not that bad and the planes even have protocols to follow when flying over residential so it's not deafening anyway.  The A-10 program is not gonna last much longer and the F 35 future proofs us. No other program they bring here is even closer to the scale and size, not to mention that the whole "could bring other programs here" doesn't even mean they will. IF Tucson residents annoy em enough, that might just scratch the base off the list completely for anything.  All I can say is it would be a tragedy if Tucson loses this...
OMG, and you know what?  Who does wallstreet really want on the ticket?  Hillary OR Bush... They want them so bad.  Why does Bush even have a chance?  Why do they keep bringing him up?  I don't even know any Republicans that want a 3rd Bush.  But Hillary, really!?  That lady has so much baggage it's insane.  Can anyone really say they could trust Hillary?  No.  Yet, I feel like I could trust Rand Paul.  Hell, I feel like I could trust Bernie Sanders, even though I don't always agree with the guy, but I could trust him because you KNOW exactly what he believes in as he has been preaching it for decades.  Rand Paul is the same, he actually believes in his politics.  Hillary on the other hand?  She is constantly lying... one cover story after another over the email things.  One excuse here, another there.  I can't trust her. I HATE that she is the DNC's chose establishment frontrunner.  They couldn't have a worse candidate.  Elizabeth Warren would run circles around her if given a chance, but nope, not the establishment's choice.
Oh God, ya that makes a WHOLE lot of sense.  I'll start the flame on you because it's deserved.  For all you know they took that photo in a parking lot or stopped at a red light.  The article doesn't say the photo was "SECONDS" before the accident, they just said it was the last picture of the girls before the accident.  The guy was a repeat DUI offender.  That is the cause...
But that's not what happened is it? It doesn't matter if they almost hit them or whatever... you are on a bike, you end up in people's blind spots, it happens.  What is not acceptable is road rage for any reason at all.  These douchebags put other drivers in danger as they weaved in and out, and then attacked this family in a car... NO EXCUSES. I don't care if they almost ran into one of em.  The proper thing to do is to phone the police and maybe follow them slowly from behind whilst giving their plate number to the police.  What did they do? Smash a window with a toddler in the backseat... Ya, go to jail.  These guys deserve any sentencing they get.  Fucking douchebags that should be off the road is what I saw.
I think that's a fantastic analogy!
I was kind of thinking the same thing...  The guy probably isn't a bad programmer, but got the famous mind-block in an interview, and is now over-reacting.  Interview questions rarely are practical things.  They are like CodingBat exercises where it just tests your comfort and prowess a little from simple to hard coding problems, be them string manipulation or recrusive things.  This is a clever question because it not only tests your comfort level on recursion, but ensures you can handle a Binary tree too, something that is rather simple, but surprisingly not well understood by a huge portion of people that are programmers.  A LOT of programmers out there get good with their If and While statements and some good boolean logic, but then never go to the next level of understanding some interesting data structures.
But seriously, most people wouldn't have even gone to the theater to see it either. Most people I know that even bothered to see it ONLY watched it cause it was free online, and then after watching it all agreed, "Glad I didn't spend money on that movie." Especially since they wouldn't have anyway...
You are right, very clever, but as a programmer with a little experience in forensic accounting, interning at a firm, ultimately pursuing the bio sciences instead, I will say that this may have worked once upon a time, but you will be easily auto-flagged for review with stuff like this, just by software analysis.   This type of "structuring" is well-documented and completely red-flagged.  Might even get the IRS involved, especially for any significant amount of a refund.  You might get away with a few thousand dollars of this, but seriously, 9 or 10k or more, you are going to get flagged.  But ya, genius idea when it was an unknown loophole.
I would also like to point out that even if they got the technology to where you could make a profit selling the SSDs that cheap, they will not sell that cheap.  Demand will be too high.  Enterprise SSDs that are 4 or 6TB in size still cost upwards for $5000 + each one.  I remember we dropped about 9k each at my work for a nice array of a few hundred 4.8TB enterprise SSDs about a year and a half ago.  A 4TB HDD is, on a good price, $120.  Companies would happily pay a few thousand dollars at this point.  And yes, if they can manufacture them cheaper, the price wars may eventually help drop the price, thank you Capitalism on that, but OMG, those price wars are gonna be marginal undercutting for quite a while and these companies will happily be selling a massive profits until then.  There is no way in hell they would kill their huge profits by 2016 Christmas.  Again, is it possible we will see the manufacturing get better and see massive manufacturing cost reductions by then? Sure... But we won't be seeing equivalent pricing for a very long time... sadly.  Plus, HDDs are still rapidly reducing in price per GB as well.  I know SSDs are getting cheaper, but so are HDDs, with 8TB HDDs hitting the market for like 250 bucks.  By 2016 we'll be seeing 12TB HDDs, maybe more.  I just don't buy this at all...
This is why I would be really happy if the Democratic nominee was Bernie Sanders, and the Republican nominee was Rand Paul.  Why!?  Because at least the Americans would know what each candidate really believed in.  Whilst you may like or dislike their personal beliefs and politics, these people are the real rogues of Washington, even though such a term has been mostly made worthless as certain politicians have "claimed" to be as such, only proving they are not.  We know that Sanders is a staunch liberal and he is not ashamed of it and he doesn't pander at all.  We know that Rand Paul is a staunch Conservative with very Libertarian ideas and he doesn't seem to pander at all either.  In fact, when was opposing the whole Patriot Act thing recently, with his "pseudo" filibuster, front page on Fox News was "Rand Paul loses any chance of the White House..." trying to insult him for not wanting to be tough on terrorism or something, as the establishment WANTED it to pass.  Notice how the news media has already chosen Hillary as the front runner?  Notice how the news media has already dismissed Rand Paul as a potential candidate, even though Bernie Sanders and Rand Paul seem to resonate much more with Americans than these other potential candidates are doing right now?  It's once again, like Mitt Romney and the last election.  He was the establishment's chosen front runner long before the primaries were even close to being won.  I remember people had to cause a lot of noise to even get Ron Paul into one of the primary debates even though he qualified, as the establishment had already dismissed him.  And, when they'd do the "analysis" after saying 'who won,' they would never say, "How did Ron do?"  It was always like, "I think Romney took this over Santorum" or something like that.  It was like he didn't exist.  Expect this exact same behavior on both sides of the isle here... the Dems against Sanders and Repubs against Paul.  Again, I am not saying the others aren't sincere in their beliefs and like say, Rubio isn't a good candidate, I am just giving my personal preference because it is at least abundantly clear that Paul and Sanders are not the same kind of politicians we have been used and abused by for decades.  Which honestly, is probably why they won't win, sadly.  Even Glenn Beck said he'd be happier with Bernie Sanders as President than Hillary, because while he disagrees with Bernie, he still likes the guy and respects him because you know exactly what he believes and he is honest about it, no beating around the bush.
Haha alright fair enough.  And ya, omg, I think I just do the garrison because of the easy gold, but it's pretty much the most boring thing Blizzard ever implemented into the game...
Eh, ok deal I guess if you were already going to buy something from there, but BE WARNED... shipping is insane! Makes deal almost not worth it unless you were already gonna buy something from there.
I will also say that it is possible for a woman to have an orgasm without you really feeling it, because she does not constrict the muscles around you.  Some women just don't do this all that well, and honestly, I've kind of gotten a vibe from women that some of them seem very proud of their sexual ability to constrict those muscles, and are very self-aware of how that leads to better pleasure for the man.  I will also say that from what I can tell, it seems to allow the woman better control at having an orgasm.  Not all women seem to be able to orgasm through vaginal sex, and I suspect that some of this also has to do with the inability of some women to constrict those muscles as well, for whatever the reason (usually less active, but some women even go so far as doing exercises to improve muscle control).  Obviously this is not always the case for all women, but the ones that do have better control you can absolutely tell very easily if they are, and not just by it getting a little slippier.  Some women you really gotta go off the wetness AND her reaction AND maybe, looking at their toes is also a good sign, like if they are curled you can tell.  All women are different, but sometimes their eyes get all lazy eyed weird too when it is happening and you can tell by looks, but in regards to sensitivity, ya, some women you can tell better than others.
I mean, seriously, are you one of those guys that doesn't use a bare repository and just commits everything to the main file rather than a clone? I... well, you win this thread!
No, at the highest ratings you will not do just as well. If 2 equivalent geared and equally skilled players are matched against each other, the Human will win. The racial is HUGE! This doesn't mean you can't do well, and it is true, there is a domino effect where all the best pvp'rs for the most part, have moved to the Alliance which can make it seem more stacked on Ally as a fault, but you still are forced to be that much better than your opponent if you want to win.   For context, in MoP, people had so many CCs that having an extra cc break trinket would be an advantage but not horrendously terrible, however, with the ability of WoD, greatly removing the cc overkill (which was actually a good thing), since they also pruned Horde's racials, yet enhanced the human one, the side effect became a HUGE advantage.  So, I disagree if someone says you can do just as well as Horde, it really is that bad. But it is definitely compounded and made worse since the situation is so bad for Horde that there was a mass exodus to the Ally that even if Horde could've at least had a fighting chance, that has all been lost as a massive percent of the pvp veterans and enthusiasts have left.  This is coming from a hardcore pvp 10 yr veteran who has led a pvp guild for 6.5 yrs. Just my opinion.
In reality, this argument sounds like a good idea, but actually it doesn't work.  If you understand the history of tax exemption for non-profits, this was the original argument and it completely failed.  Why?  Because there are too many things that are intertwined between what you might consider "aid" vs church affairs or proselytizing.  The attempt to separate the two would've had to create a massive side-bureaucracy to even attempt to determine what was considered worthy of not actually being taxed.  So, the compromise is what we have, and it honestly is a lot better solution, imo, than the hell hole of a mess we'd have if we tried to remove tax exemptions from religious organizations...
It's definitely a start in the right direction!
And cost 130 bucks more probably... seriously, this is a great card for 100 bucks.
I just want to say that if Obama does anything too extreme here, he's going to push a lot of swing states Red.  He'll push a lot of purple states over.  He may even push blue states closer to red than you would realize.  Many states the 2nd amendment is a non-partisan issue, where both Democrats and Republicans like their guns.  However, the national Democrat party is sometimes not in-sync with local/state Democrat positions, like with gun control, especially if the measures are knee-jerk and ridiculous, like the endless attempts to ban "assault weapons," which is essentially a made-up political name to make certain weapon types sound scary and play to public fears, whilst hand-guns and inner city gang violence account for like 90% of all gun violence in this country (this is much more noticeable when you remove the always included stat of suicide into gun-violence, a stat used to bloat the issue).  Colorado did a recall election on the Democrats after the theater shooting a few years ago when they all went knee-jerk and tried to implement some ridiculous gun bans, of which would have not even stopped that shooting anyway, and all those Democrats got kicked out of office, in the first time of Colorado's history, a clearly liberal state.  Why?  They like their guns.  Arizona is a purple state... but we like our guns.  So much so that the ACLU of Arizona is in contrast to the national ACLU as it tries to adopt the same terminology in describing our 2nd amendment rights that the NRA uses.  2nd amendment rights are almost completely a non-partisan issue here.  But, I tell you, if the national Democrats decide to go crazy on gun control, this state gets Redder.  Seriously, Democrats need to lose their hard-on for gun control  It helps them lose elections, and a lot of what they spout off on it is total lies, like the whole "You can get around background checks at a gun show."  No, I am sorry, that is 100% not true.  I go to several gun shows a year and I've never not had to do a background check and fill out the proper forms at them.  It's total BS.  And hell, the one loophole that exists, the private person to person sale, we almost had a successful bill passed that would have resolved that and the Democrats killed the bill, particularly Harry Reid, even though it was a successful, bi-partisan bill, only to be killed off because it didn't include an assault-weapon ban as part of it... Yay national Dems! /s
Yes, because it pulls the Republican party far right in the primary.  Iowa is more of a state where you win if you can prove you're the best Christian.  That's why it's kind of shocking a person like Trump is even doing as well as he is in the state, and completely expected that someone like Cruz would be doing as well.  But, Iowa's pull seems not to be reflective in the vast majority of other states, but what happens is in the 6+ months of pre-Iowa primary, the Republicans probably make themselves look more and more out of touch from younger generations, of which is going to really hurt Republicans more and more in the not-so-distance future.  This is also why I see Trump as a savior to the Republicans, whether the establishment wants to believe it or not.  Trump is not part of the religious right's hijacking of the Republican party.  The Republican needs someone like Trump to remake the party lets they fall further and further into disarray.  Just my opinion.
That is seriously one of the most biased things I've ever watched.  Someone with an axe to grind against Trump basically did this.  In reality, Trump was one owner of among dozens of teams.  The leadership of this USFL league and all their owners wanted a piece of the NFL.  You try to make it sound like this was Trump's crusade.  This was the unified backing of all the USFL owners, Trump making up like 1 out of 30 of the pack, and this whole documentary was essentially anti-Trump.  Plus, the documentary even exaggerated how well USFL seemed to be doing.  No, USFL never was really starting to take off.  If you think everything Trump touches seems to be worse off you are just plain wrong.  You don't make billions of dollars by being bad at what you do.  Trump has over 500 companies and only 4 of which have ever been chaptered into bankruptcy, half of which were just restructurings to become solvent again.  That is a hell of a track record.  But hey, watch this biased documentary without any outside knowledge and you are going to think, "Wow, Trump is not a good businessman!"  That alone should be the red flag for the skeptical mind.
You mean Hillary, who wants the no-fly zone against Russia, or Trump who says we should ally with Russia in bombing ISIS and have better relations with Russia?  Cause it sounds like if anyone is going to put us into more tension with Russia, it's not going to be Trump.
I think this really went over your head here...
And Clinton was riding the dot com bubble.  It's not so black and white like you just laid out...
That's a fantastic analysis of yours. Very nicely put.
**CONTINUED**  Here's the kicker though.  The reality is that the media underestimated Trump's intelligence, and they underestimated his ability to control the narrative, a job the media has long prided themselves on doing, be it true or not.  But, if you've never read the Art of the Deal, well take a look at this quote from his book.  If one thinks he hasn't carefully crafted and selected his statements and terminology, they are only underestimating Trump.  &gt;One thing I’ve learned about the press is that they’re always hungry for a good story, and the more sensational the better. It’s in the nature of the job, and I understand that. The point is that if you are a little different, or a little outrageous, or if you do things that are bold or controversial, the press is going to write about you. I’ve always done things a little differently, I don’t mind controversy, and my deals tend to be somewhat ambitious... I’m not saying that [journalists] necessarily like me. Sometimes they write positively, and sometimes they write negatively. But from a pure business point of view, the benefits of being written about have far outweighed the drawbacks.  And then he continues...  &gt;The funny thing is that even a critical story, which may be hurtful personally, can be very valuable to your business. Television City is a perfect example. When I bought the land in 1985, many people, even those on the West Side, didn’t realize that those one hundred acres existed. Then I announced I was going to build the world’s tallest building on the site. Instantly, it became a media event: the New York Times put it on the front page, Dan Rather announced it on the evening news, and George Will wrote a column about it in Newsweek. Every architecture critic had an opinion, and so did a lot of editorial writers. Not all of them liked the idea of the world’s tallest building. But the point is that we got a lot of attention, and that alone creates value. . . .  &gt;Most reporters, I find, have very little interest in exploring the substance of a detailed proposal for a development. They look instead for the sensational angle.  Still think he is not calculated?  Let's close with this:  &gt;The other thing I do when I talk with reporters is to be straight. I try not to deceive them or to be defensive, because those are precisely the ways most people get themselves into trouble with the press. Instead, when a reporter asks me a tough question, I try to frame a positive answer, even if that means shifting the ground. For example, if someone asks me what negative effects the world’s tallest building might have on the West Side, I turn the tables and talk about how New Yorkers deserve the world’s tallest building, and what a boost it will give the city to have that honor again. When a reporter asks why I build only for the rich, I note that the rich aren’t the only ones who benefit from my buildings. I explain that I put thousands of people to work who might otherwise be collecting unemployment, and that I add to the city’s tax base every time I build a new project. I also point out that buildings like Trump Tower have helped spark New York’s renaissance.  &gt;The final key to the way I promote is bravado. I play to people’s fantasies. People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That’s why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular.  &gt;I call it truthful hyperbole. It’s an innocent form of exaggeration — and a very effective form of promotion.  Trump wrote this book in 1987, nearly 30 years ago.  He has had several decades to perfect his craft since then, of which he was already one of the world's greats.  Trump knows exactly what he is doing.  The only ones that don't believe it are those that are in full on denial that Trump might actually be as smart as he says he is.   3) Finally, in regards to ISIS, he's been saying for a long time, pre-campaign, like 2 years ago when ISIS popped up, "Take away their wealth, go after the banking donations and bomb the hell out of the Iraqi oil fields they control.  You take away their wealth and there's not much they can do."  Now, strategies change as the US government only finally started bombing ISIS heavily within the last month, and largely only doing it because Russia was showing us up, from what I can tell.    That leads me to another point.  Trump wants to ally with Russia against ISIS.  I am totally ok with that!  He's anti-Middle East intervention and regime change and has been against the Iraq war since the beginning.  In fact, only him, Bernie Sanders, and Rand Paul, of every single candidate up there, was against the Iraq war.  I think it's fairly impressive when he was being outspoken against the Iraq war that Bush sent a delegate to Trump to try to change his mind and stop talking poorly of the war and Trump told this group to piss off.  Now, we have Hillary who is saying we should have a no-fly zone in Syria.  Why? It's 100% against Russia, who is bombing ISIS right now.  Yes, they are defending Assad, but how the hell are we not learning?  Didn't we learn from Iraq that taking out Hussein, whilst a bad guy, just allowed worse groups to come forward?  We took out Libya, and now it's a terrorist safe-haven... Hillary had a no-fly zone there to to prevent Gaddafi from defending their country.  Now, what does she want?  "REGIME CHANGE IN SYRIA!"  How can I support this insanity any further?  I am in no denial that Assad is a bad guy, but whose worse?  I just saw these so-called rebels in a video shoot an unarmed Russian pilot parachuting down (which is actually considered a warcrime), and then shoot and blowup the medical rescue chopper sent by Russia which killed another Russian marine, all the while chanting "Allah Akbar" and then parading around the dead Russian pilot.  Ya, Russia is fighting these US backed Rebels, but that's the thing, that's what Trump is saying, "You can't tell the rebels apart from ISIS! How do you know that many of the rebels are not ISIS? How do you know ISIS and them will not join up once Assad is gone?"  We don't.  Hillary was even asked about that and completely deflected the answer in the last debate... Why? Because no one knows.  Trump and Bernie and Paul are about the only voices of reason, imo, of the Middle East, and who has the best choice of winning?  4) Greatest appeals is I think he is incredibly intelligent, and I think he is not going to get pushed around by anyone.  I think he actually is a hard moderate and somewhat even left of Hillary, aside from his 2 major far-right stances, like on immigration.  But that's the thing, imo, is his genius.  He's convinced the media he is this far right guy so well, that come general election, and he starts showing his more moderate ideas more readily to help win, they aren't going to know what to do.  I also think Trump is a guy that get's stuff done.  I think he's a guy that isn't going to be jet-setting around the world while he's president, like all of them do.  I think he really is going to work incessantly to get things done.  And that ultimately is what he's going to do.  If something isn't going well, he's going to get on the airways and argue his point and get the people behind him.  I think he's going to be a very good cheerleader for this country, unlike Obama, and unlike how terrible Bush was for the image of this country.  Ultimately, I like that he has no fear of what anyone thinks about him.  He doesn't tip-toe around the media like everyone else.  He isn't painfully politically correct.  Hell, a *huge* problem I see with the Republicans is they allowed their party to essentially be hijacked by the religious fundamentalist far right...  But guess what, Trump is absolutely not representative of that.  Hell, I saw him go to one of those big Republican forums for a large religious event done each election, and the candidates get interviewed and each is asked things like "Do you ever repent?"  And you know, you get the same answer from all of em, "Oh I am not perfect and I always look to God for guidance and forgiveness" and blah blah blah, then Trump goes up there, gets asked, "Have you ever repented?"  And he goes, "Nope, never have! I don't think I have.  I like to figure out where I went wrong and then I just don't make that mistake again."  I mean, if Trump was really trying to pander to the religious crowd he could've given the same contrived answer as everyone, but he didn't.  That was actually the beginning of when I started to get sold on Trump.  That was like a month after he announced his presidency and I was like most, fairly skeptical, almost comical in my thoughts about it.  Then, I listened to this, saw him show he wasn't pandering to anyone, and then saw his poll numbers go up.  It just got me super curious as to what he was *actually* saying when I'd turn on the news and the media was telling me how only *racists* and stuff were supporting him, then I'd see notable African Americans on TV get up and say it's all BS and he's not a racist and blah blah blah... it just got me to actually listen to his speeches rather than listen to what the media wanted to tell me I should be hearing.  And you know what I found?  Trump is a fairly amazing candidate and I agree with a lot of what he's saying.  And most importantly, I think he'll actually accomplish something in Washington, unlike the gridlock of the last decade.  Either way, good luck in your intellectual pursuits of who to support this year!
I just want to say that the music was a horrible choice for this.  It was obnoxious.  It felt like someone was trying to be like, "Hey! Isn't my music awesome!?" to which I soundly go, "Not my kind of music..."  There are much better ways to sound fun and edgy.
Except it's been played FOR FREE by every single media news network about 100 times each to talk about it... Sounds like more genius manipulation of the media once again by Trump...
Imo, he should drop out before the Florida Caucus to save face from losing his own state by so much...
ROFL that was so not true.  That was a BS hit-job article saying he left after all the interruptions lol.  He did his full speech, and then even took quests for like 30 minutes.  One of the protesters even interrupted a 10 year old kid asking Trump a question.  Total douchebag.  Trump then stayed another 20 minutes signing autographs.  Yet the news article the next day was "Trump ends rally after 8 interruptions!"  You are being deceived by a fake narrative the media is trying to create.  These protests do nothing, and they definitely don't shorten a speech.  If anything, they draw it out longer.  That rally you just referenced went 20 minutes longer than most of his rallies.  Plus honestly, what does it even accomplish?  Nothing.
But that's the real question... what does it benefit us to become just a service oriented country now?  What does it benefit us to lose 1x 65k a year job and replace it was 2x 25k a year jobs and so on?  Are we really seeing the massively cheaper products as we were promised, or is the massive profits going mainly up top?
And yet the article  gave no reason as to why Trump is wrong, just that Trump is wrong in saying China should put pressure on North Korea...  Their only solution was, the US needs to change its foreign policy with NK.  No explanation of that vague statement, just that we need to change our policy.  I'd say this almost implied that they think we should be nicer to NK and stop all these sanctions or something, forgetting that the US has offered many times that they would drop sanctions if NK ended their nuclear program and hostilities toward South Korea, except NK rejects it everytime and says as soon as they have a chance they are going to take over South Korea and nuke the USA.  NK is isolated because of themselves.  China has been friendly to them, as it is on their border, and NK is a Communist nation.  However, China is just as tired of the stupid "Supreme Leader's" actions probably just as much as we are.  The *only* reason NK isn't a barren wasteland now is because China props up NK.  China does have significant influence in NK and imo, this article is ridiculous to assume otherwise.
So him retweeting something is racist?  The main point of the tweet was to point out the black on black crime as being a problem, which it *IS* a huge problem.  But hey, he must be racist now right?  Homeland security and the FBI said they could not properly vet the Muslim Syrian refugees and then admitted that ISIS was trying to infiltrate our immigration programs, including student Visas and so on.  Trump suggest temporary ban on all *new* Muslims from immigrating to the US until we can fix this.  That is not the same as being bigoted.  Did he say all Muslims in the US are terrorists?  No.  Did he say he wanted to kick all Muslims out?  No he didn't.  Still not seeing racism or being bigoted here.
Dude, everyone does this for political rallies because usually only 10% of tickets given out usually show up. This isn't a sporting event where people are out 75 bucks each for not showing up. It's free. You think Hillary doesn't over ticket her events? They all do it. It just so happens Trump is a huge force to be reckoned with here.  I find it interesting the Mayor was complaining that the Trump campaign wasn't working with them on a plan to handle the 700+ protesters and basically whined about it. Look, no one got hurt, the police did a great job, and the Trump rally was smart enough to deflect the hundreds of protesters that tried to gain entry to the event to cause a ruckus.  Also, WTF, the leaders in this town tried to tell Trump's rally that no signs would be allowed. Really!? Is there a logical, unbiased reason for that?  Maybe Trump will help em with the expenses. We'll see. This city sent a bill to Obama the last time Obama came and he never paid them. Could be a show of good will from Trump. I am certain the local eateries were happy with the crowds.
No he hasn't at all.  The media is lying to you.  He has never said it or implied it.  There are zero quotes that exist.  All he said we temp. ban the Muslims til we figure out our vetting process.  There's nothing against Muslims already here.  Just restricting new immigration because ISIS has actively stated they are going to infiltrate the US' immigration, including the refugees and the visa.  Nowhere has he said we're going to be labeling Muslims.  This was a 100% pure media concoction.  Temp ban new immigrants != internment camps
And when asked to clarify the statement, he clarified, or do you wish to create your own interpretation of what he means by that?  He specifically said that Department of Homeland and the FBI said we cannot properly vet these refugees, so we should temp. ban them until we figure it out.    Furthermore, the links you just gave are a perfect example of media spin and lies.  For one, they all went around saying "Trump said he'd create a database of Muslims!" which he never actually said, just some Yahoo reporter claims he said when Trump was talking about Illegal immigration and interjected himself into a convo.  I mean, it's fairly clear when Trump's followup statement was "It will stop illegal immigration," he was referring to the context of the entire conversation that he was talking about building the wall and just didn't hear this one reporter's question.  When asked to clarify he did, but the reporters didn't like that part of his answer so they only report on the other.  On a side note, do you really believe the NSA doesn't already have this database?   Furthermore, "Trump won't rule out special IDs" is such a disingenuous and BS example of the media's attack on Trump because all he said during a press conference when people were like, "Will you do this?" or "Will you do that?" - it was like a machine gun of questions, what about this, are you planning on doing this, do you think this is the right question? and so on and so on and so on...  What did Trump say?  “We’re going to have to look at a lot of things very closely."  All of a sudden, in the barrage of questions, where it'd be impossible to answer every single one in the moment, possibly because some ideas do need to be looked at closer than others, he gives this blanket statement.  Then what happens?  The media goes "Trump won't rule out Muslim ID cards!!!"  See how they are spinning it?  Later, when asked about this specific question outside of the barrage, he said he had no plans for a Muslim ID card and said the media invented that idea, which he is 100% right about.  But hey, him telling them right there straight to their faces, "No Muslim ID cards," and for a week all you got was the media still trying to say he wanted it.  You have to ask yourself *why* does the media not want the truth?  Why do they not want to listen to Trump and just want to create this narrative about Trump?  Because, ethics be damned, Trump must go down at all costs and they were going to turn this into his huge downfall... except he ended up going higher in the polls over it.  Why did he go higher?  Largely because of the media dishonestly reporting the controversial statements of the temp. ban and the people seeing through it.  People would say, "Well what about Trump's clarification of the statement?"  And then the media would go, "No, what he really means is he is planning on setting up internment camps for Muslims just you see!"  The media's own bias and overwhelming passion to destroy Trump right now is furthering the narrative of the dishonest media better than anything Trump has ever said.  They all thought they had a winner on that one, if they could only just block out the statements where Trump lays everything out in detail and clarifies his plans, and then just tell everyone he is a bigot that hates Muslims.
She stood up and was standing up whilst everyone else was sitting down around her, and she was asked to sit down and she refused.  Also this whole shirt that says "I come in peace" also had a Star of David fastened to it as to imply Trump was soon to impose the holocaust on Muslims.  The only difference with her and other protesters is she didn't shout and scream and flail her arms around.  She did however, disrupt the event by standing up and refuse to sit down, thus blocking the view for those behind her.  I don't think it's that bad, but the media is incredibly biased here in  implying she didn't actually do anything.  She was *trying* to get a reaction.  Also, it was the security of this private venue that had her removed because they asked her to sit and she wouldn't.  Trump didn't even know what happened if you watch the video.  But hey, I am sure the deep thinking people here on Reddit that will go and analyze what happened for themselves will be able to figure this out instead of just blindly believing every story the media tells about Trump, right?
OMG, Hitler references need to die...
You are right, she only stood once he mentioned the refugees.  However, she was politely asked to sit down because she was now blocking the view of those behind her.  When she refused, they asked her to leave and she did.  This was 100% her intent to get in the news.  Also, her wearing the star of david, directly comparing Trump to Hitler at his rally, and it being revealed that she is a known activist, it was pretty obvious she was there to make a scene.  The only thing different between her and other protesters is she didn't flail around screaming.  But she definitely disrupted.
I like Bernie but I'd vote for Trump over Hillary.  Why?  I at least know what I am getting with Bernie and with Trump.  They both seem to be people fighting for our interests and the people's interests.  I actually don't really agree with some of the more extreme ideas that Bernie has economically, nor some of the extreme ideas that Trump has socially.  But, I also think the media has blown most of it out of proportion and they've been incredibly dishonest in their reporting on Trump's actual beliefs and stances, as they have with Bernie.  It really seems like the news media has pre-anointed Hillary, just like the DNC, to be their frontrunner.  I just don't trust her at all.  I don't believe that she is not beholden to special interests and I don't believe anything will happen with Hillary in office.  I actually think it'll be a continuation of Bush era foreign policy of regime change that Obama perpetuated even further, with Hillary.  Thus, Trump and Bernie actually have fairly similar foreign policy ideas.  Now, their implementation method might be different, but they both were against Iraq, against Libya intervention and are now against Syria intervention.  Hillary still wants the anti-Russian no-fly zone so they can keep arming the rebels of Syria.  So, again, with Trump, you know what you are getting with your vote.  There are no shadows behind him pulling his strings.  There are no questionable conflicts of interest as there are with Hillary, like how she's taken millions in donations from places like the Middle-East, and her contributions from wallstreet and her cozy relationship with them.  I also don't find Hillary as a strong leader, nor as a likable person to begin with.  I think Trump is definitely a stronger leader than Bernie, as I see Bernie as more of an 'idea' kind of guy, but he is honest.  Trump doesn't seem to care what you think, he'll be honest about it.  He doesn't seem afraid of the media when other politicians walk on egg shells around them.  And, let's face it, he often says the stuff that we are already thinking but politicians are so careful with their word use that they'd never say it.  I am not talking about Muslim ban here.  I am referring to things even like talking about trade.  Why are we ok with becoming a service nation?  Why should we be ok with all manufacturing leaving the country?  What does it benefit us if 1x 65k a year job is replaced by 2x 25k a year jobs?  Trump is saying all of this stuff to us, only to be countered by the media talking about how wonderful our trade with China is because we get cheap goods, negating the fact that businesses are ranking in record profits, and it's not trickling down to the workers, as now we're having to compete against 3rd world wages.  So, I've never voted Republican in my life, local or national (I am 32 so not that old), but I really don't see Bernie winning this election as it stands now, and if he doesn't, it's an easy choice for me to go Trump over Hillary.
I really don't think this comparison holds up.  This is a comparison under the assumption that Trump is running an election based on racial fears, which completely misses why there are so many non-racist people that support him.  In case anyone doesn't know, George Wallace was anti-Civil Rights and was elected in a landslide in Alabama because he was opposed to the US government's efforts to end segregation and he vowed to fight against it.   They are very different.  Wallace was a one-issue candidate and it was such a divisive issue that it helped him win elections.  Trump is definitely not a one-issue candidate.  Also, it can't be said that Wallace's tactics were unorthodox like Trump's.  Wallace just played to the popular ideas of hist state and won, in contrast to the national Dems/Repubs.  He only was notable because his state was the first state Kennedy sent troops to ensure it would be unsegregated and Wallace opposed, giving him that uncomfortable place in history.  It's almost insulting to compare Trump to that election.  Also, Wallace never had an even closely successful primary run for the Democrats.  He was only popular in the deep deep south.  Trump has cross-party appeal.  It's just not the same imo.  I really think people that are trying to compare George Wallace to Trump are doing so in efforts of branding Trump as a racist like George Wallace.  In reality, and in my opinion, the thing remarkable about Trump's campaign is how decidedly unique it is.  This campaign is going to be studied in Political Science classes for decades to come, even if you disagree with Trump.  He has made so many decisions that seemed so unorthodox as to assume they were foolish only to benefit him immediately.  I really don't think there is a good comparison out there for Trump.
Ok, what Trump is saying is that "We get practically nothing compared to what it costs."  When he says it's "peanuts" compared to what it costs us, he is right.  Last year we got 866.6 Million from SK.  Do you really think this covers the expenses of what the US has to pay?  Even if you divided that into the salaries of 28k soldiers, that's only 30k per year per soldier, of which is ridiculous because soldiers make more than that, especially when you consider how many officers are there.  Also, that factors in zero equipment costs, transportation costs, base expenses, training exercises, and continued cost of naval presence in the area to deter NK as well.  We are paying Billions every year there, likely tens of billions.  So Trump isn't saying 866 Million is peanuts.  He is saying that it's *peanuts compared to what it costs us*, and he is 100% right.  But hey, of course it's "Mostly False" by Politifact.  They hate Trump.
It needs to be trimmed, but honestly, it's too bad Rand Paul isn't on the main stage...  I'd rather have him there over say, Jeb.
The media is so desperate to smear Trump, ethics be damned.
You have to expand your empathy here a bit in trying to understand why Trump supporters like him. If you think the main reason they like him is his trolling ability, you're not trying very hard.
Wow dude, lighten up a little. Stop assuming to know what others would do when you don't, especially when it's obviously a joke.
Honestly, him going after Trump is going to make Trump go up in the polls...
I wonder if it has anything to do with Obama authorizing the release of 150 billion in funding at the end of this week... or, Iran is just a nice country now, right?  Please...  They initially refused to give our sailors back unless the US apologized to them which shows how much Iran really wants to join the league of nations for such a minor thing.  I wonder if someone reminded them of the money they were going to get at the end of this week.  Hell, with that kind of money they can probably just offer a few billion to North Korea for a nuke.
