Kobe isn't greater than LeBron lol! What are you high! What are you basing this on? Being on Shaq's team for 3 championships? Getting drafted by a team that went 56-26 and then 60+ wins the next year?
Lebron is a 4x MVP, and has been the best player in basketball for around 10 years now. He's also been better than Kobe at every corresponding age in the NBA starting from 18 all the way to 30 (this won't change any time soon) and he's also averaged more points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks on a better shooting % in regular season and playoffs, and better points, rebounds, assists and shooting % in the finals (Kobe, 41% in the finals = Yikes!). LeBron is also a 2x Finals MVP on both of his championship teams and has been the undisputed best player on his team for his entire career every year (something Kobe can never say in Shaq's 3 championships with the Lakers) He has crushed this whole LeBron vs Kobe thing and it hasn't been particularly close either.    And dont get me started on all star selections. Lmao you serious? You're telling me lebron would have to twiddle his thumbs and wait for 5 more years and wait to be greater than Kobe Bryant? Laughable way of looking at things, especially considering Kobe hasn't even played the last two years, stunk up the joint with his shooting % and gotten voted in anyway. Yeah really great way of defining greatness. You don't know what you're talking about.
Technically every aspect of life is due to luck. This guy is just being a big whiner. Curry doesn't wanna show up to that guys school anyway.
That sounds pretty dope actually
Don't listen to these guys trying to justify this by saying "you missed shots here and there" and "that only 1 out of 3 of your bullets connected" or some shit like that. That's not the biggest problem at hand. Your bullets are getting refunded. Look after your 3rd, 6th, and 8th burst. Lots of your shots didn't even count.  This is a common occurrence in H2A and Halo 4. It's not just bullets. Watch when your shields are recharging or when you're planting the bomb in h2a in those games! You are being lied to!
Try taking up Barbie's World on the PS2 it might be more tailored to your skill set.
Because they don't want anyone to have fun
It's just something to talk about and it's also easy to remember so people can sound informed in conversation. It's actually silly to talk about a finals record. Would it be better to lose before the finals??
Yeah they should. And they need to make CE 4v4
ripoff of brooklyn nets jerseys.  NEXT
Probably not a decent player
its not that petty, i mean he fucking killed you for the sniper
its because hes probably a teenager or close to it? most halo players are 17-21 years old
He was a rookie. What the hell does "chuck shots" even mean in this case? Who do you want him to pass it to? Anthony Bennett?
He's already better than bird, a player who had two hall of fame teammates (mcHale/parish) on his team for 10+ years and a slew of other hall of famers peppered in there.   The ring counting casual sports fan mentality needs to come to an end.
Chief player did too many random ultras and didn't do a single focus attack....Hand me the controller!!
its "STOP GIVING UP"
I find it too risky to toss a nade. If you're red side, just shoot the middle barrel a little to the left of its middle. It'll fly to front of br2 usually
seems true to how it was before the patch that ruined it  http://www.reddit.com/r/halo/comments/39ig8k/halo_ce_bullet_magnetism_returns_to_preshit_patch/
It's because halo 4 doesn't have bullshit mandatory no BR starts and it's also very well polished in terms of objective game types. And you get to party up with 4 of your pals instead of 5. And those Spartan abilities are kinda fun.
I bring this up all the time. THis is why Halo 3 is my least favorite halo in this collection. What good is an FPS if the aiming is broken?
I don't think so
The biggest turnoff for me in streams is the insanely long matchmaking times. The streams are always around 65% halo and 35% waiting. If there's any way you can minimize that that would be a big plus.
There's really no such thing as a clippers fan of you think about it.
Sounds like you haven't played the game enough considering you don't even have the achievement. If you want to run into Bloodline more often you should play more BtB. and if you really want it, just go into custom games and start a match on bloodline. i think that will get the achievement
Why is the highest rated comment based on whether the stat is useless? It's saying Kyrie Irving did more in his game 1 appearance than anyone else on the roster has done through all 5 games besides lebron James.....
Hakeem or Shaq. Can't go wrong with either one.
Can't wait to see people quit in the first 2 minutes or so if they don't get their vehicle/power weapon of choice
dwyane wade was injured as fuck before the playoffs. he wouldnt have won the championship in miami anyway. do you even follow the NBA?
Don't quit your day job.
I dont think the majority of NBA fans know who Moses Malone was despite being one of the 20 best players ever
PS4 controllers are pretty comfy. It was the PS3 controllers that were downright awful
Haha I thought it was funny
Man there is nothing like getting off to a hot start in Halo
Can we please not introduce the term "hardscope" to Halo? It really doesn't have the same implications as doing it in CoD
Beaver creek is perfect to me. I can't believe no one has mentioned it yet!
His skin tone is reminiscent of a homestyle eggo waffle
Doesn't have to be perfect. That was an exaggeration on my part. Just decent for a 16 year-old
Great song
Kobe Bryant. Underwhelming shooting % and mostly bad finals appearances, especially inexcusable when shaq is on your team and receives the brunt of the defensive attention
Jerry West at 24 is ranked too low! And not all positions were created equal. Where's Oscar Robertson!  Nvm: just saw Oscar :-)
You also don't gain 100% muscle when you are bulking. There will always be some fat gained anyway.
Start a family that's a good one. People got kids they don't even take care of
He ain't light skinned enough sorry
Also lightskin is not a race, please educate yourself
Dave obviously. Kevin hart is funny too. Katt Williams is garbage tier though
One of my favorite players. Very agile and amazing shooter for a big man. Great stroke and some sweet turnaround jumpers from the high post
The Spurs will win the championship that's all that matters
Jeff Withey: new face of basketball
It's not perfect but overall good
