Damn that sucks.  You can try Arata the Legend too I guess, that I think is still going.  The romance isn't quite like you wanted though.  It's there but its second to the action and it's a love triangle kinda.
Man, I love Hudsons.  This sucks monkey balls.
What crime do I have to commit to be chased by adorable bouncing kittens?
Yeah they're still pieces of shit (I got a Stargate one and it sucked), but the ones in the pic seem well, a bit shittier than even that.
It's a ball of fluff and eyes.  Nothing else.
The only really good Minion thing is the Minion Goodyear blimp.
Holy shit, that ray is HUGE!
Okay fine, so it's a dangerous ball of fluff and eyes.  XP
Yeah, it's all made up.  Says so on their about page.
No it's from a parody site.
Only as a joke I think.  Even tumblr isn't that stupid.
Let me guess, is she American?
No more ketchup for French fries until they give in.
To be fair, that's something we've all wanted to do as soon as we saw it.
Ah didn't see hajime listed there, sorry.  Try Ashita no Joe if you haven't already.  It's pretty much THE classic boxing manga.
It could also be a hybrid.  Mallards are kinda sluts and the males will do it with any other breed of duck they can.
I really hope we do get a new season.
God this guy is an idiot.
He's taking good care of the twins isn't he?
Really, no it was just a bad self-deprecating joke.  It kinda didn't work.
Yes.  We really shouldn't let Jar Jar pick our physicians.  He generally tends to go for the shiniest ones.
I remember the outrage when they started desegregation and including *his* kind in schools.  Even all these years later, I still don't think the disembodied heads of the world should be going to school with normal children.
I still think this might be some form of fishing bait you're eating.  Please put the pug in all further videos you do with Barry.
Damn you UK people and your early and exclusive sets.
Love the blue eyes!
Hal and Yona are so cute together!
Uh oh, the bots are becoming sentient.  Lord Business will be taking over soon!
Your box is very cute.  I'm sure you must be glad to add it to your family.
Just like how Subway employees are "sandwich artists."
Mangastorm is the best iOS app I've found.
Too many damn perverts in this manga.  Rin needs to get on her game.
You do not fuck with Helck's woman.
Man, what if Jouchiro is Erina's daddy too?
Snow White with the Red Hair / Akagami no Shirayukihime   Amagi Brilliant Park  The Seven Deadly Sins / Nanatsu no Taizai  If you want manga recs I can give you more.
If weeaboos actually read a wider variety of anime / manga they'd soon see all the warts of Japanese culture (as all cultures have).  Or you know, if they actually read some real news articles about Japan.
I'd upgrade that from suspicious to downright dangerous!
Instead of the World Cup, it's the World Pup.
It's a more realistic Spinnerette.
This will not end well.
Mainly the second one, yes.
Yeah maybe.
I thought this was always a foregone conclusion.
You think they'd put out at least one over here.
Our favorite series is Nisekoi isn't it?
Best Anne ever.
I love this manga.
If children don't learn about umbrellas and hand holding here then they're going to learn it on the streets, and none of us want that.
Yes, I thought including a toy from the completely wrong RPG series would be good.
I hope you greased that tin or it's going to be hell removing it.
Well dogs are called man's best friend, not woman's best friend.
