Shitty game giving away free codes instead of saving world hunger and ending terrorism, that it, im done.   P. S. Hunters are literally ISIS
I question the meaning of life and sanity again
I treat him as Thor V2.  Norse, huge damage, huge mobility (their ult, his dash, thors hammer)  Main difference is Ratatoskr doesn't fall off easily late game and doesn't have haaaard cc like Thor
No we should act like actives don't exist. What's this Cc cleanse you speak of, Ares OP!!!!
Brace yourself, Smite is not in its best state now and you may find some aspects of the game infuriating (burst assassins and hunters) but give the game time and HiRez should fix it and you'll learn the counters soon enough.   Have fun :)
Eh I'd call it a good, clean gank. Pretty much the dream gank as a Janus. A Janus troll would be something like portaling yourself to avoid a sure kill ult.
Alright although I see why you thought so and how the drivers who drove past are heartless people let me clear their name a bit. You are a Formula 1 driver in the 70's. Death rate? 2 a year on average. First I shall tell you death is commonplace in F1 back then and death is expected if you were a driver.   That fact isn't all that relevant. Anyway we know drivers has flame retardant suits, not the Marshall. The marshalls can't do jackshit. Next, the drivers driving past the burning wreckage. Put yourself in their position. What do you see when you drive past that wreckage? Do you see a body? No, all you can see is a driver waving for help beside a car, presumably, you would think that the car is his and he wanted help to put out his burning car. As a grand prix driver you don't stop, not for a problem you assume not fatal, you do all you can to finish the race, already a great achievement for a driver in those days.   The circumstances are unfortunate, sure, but it's not any of the drivers fault, more of the low safety standards back then.
In your logic we might as well make Kukulkans speed buff add attack speed like Artemis because every move has to be equal.   My point is, different gods have different kits and therefore not every ability that are similar should be the exact same thing.
Nu Wa's Stealth is so, so limited.
Well then maybe you shouldn't comment on things you don't exactly know next time :p
I don't think there is a legit way to find your casual mmr, note that smite.guru score isn't accurate to HiRez 's score, casual mmr is hidden. Competitive elo isn't, and it is accurate on smite.guru
Well I guess I should appreciate your upload as it is edited to contain what mattered and fits the screen, so um, thanks.
You'd be surprised
Not trying to downplay the success of the events, but people are using the figures as an argument in various subjects. So I'm making this post to remind em.
I'd rather have Hi-Rez rather than Blizzard, mostly because Blizzard's F2P model turns me off. Yeah we have chests, but they have stupid grind.
If barefoot Aphro helps with your "sessions" then I see why you want the change then,  /u/FappingToAphrodite
Everything about this skin is so perfect. The references, the cold blooded lines like HAL 9000, especially the intro.
I love how you play all the more damaging supports and do stupidly well with them, props :D
I'd make a movie poster out of this if I have the time, it's perfect.   "Tyr needs some love in the solo lane from Thor, and Thor wants some minions to farm-Friends with benefits"
Yeah this would create Dota type items, which I think HiRez is actively avoiding because they want to keep that side of the game simpler, hence duo active slots, and let us focus on mechanical skills instead.
Nah if Dota wants to sue for a similar game mechanic then starcraft and other games can sue too.   My point was that we have actives instead of items WITH actives is because that type of item adds complexity to a game like Smite where such complexity isn't necessary. HiRez is trying to make sure we have a max of two active slots so we can focus on hitting abilities /AAs instead of complex strategies. Unlike Dota, which is more strategy based, those active+item type of items are necessary as it adds a new dimension of strategies into the game.
Well then. Now we have 3 summer skins released. One being Hunkules, 400 gems worth, then there's Cupid, 600 gems, finally we have Aphro, a reward skin, 400 gems worth.   Buy both of these skins you get 2 skins for 1000 gems, you'd get your dollars worth, with an additional Aphro skin for free. Not to mention everybody's favorite CHESTS!!   The point is, they put every skin a standard 500 gems so far, and it seems to be pretty worth it once you do some math. You may argue that no one asked for an Aphro skin vice versa, but I feel the price tag for now is justified
BUT DUUUDEE MY EXTRA $0.000286 MATTERS HIREZ WAS SCAMMING MY SUPERIOR MATHEMATICAL BRAIN ALL ALONG!   Really though idk why some of you bother so much about small matters literally smaller than a cent.   And we do not need another Old Wa argument again.
Boy Smite skins are so expensive and yet we are forced to pay for it! Stay away from this game unless you have money to buy cosmetics!
But dude Hi Rez should be giving us free gem skins by now, greedy sons of bitches.
Not sure if this is a troll attempt or your just a noob.   Assault is meant to be all random, it's the specialty of the mode, and what separates assault from every other mode.
You see complaints apparently must be made in the most hostile way possible cause that'll yield the best results.   Speaking nicely to HiRez? What? No they are game making robots and don't have feelings /s
Pretty hard for HiRez to fund that much sites when they don't have all the resources Blizzard has, asking HiRez to do even 10% of Blizzard in terms of funding is hard.
Yes it could be much better. But expecting it to be better than Blizzard who has been around since like 1991 and has a huge following since late 1990's is just a big ask.
Man, I see your point, and I agree that servers needs some fixing (although I don't have issues). Getting angry over that is normal and justified.   Yet, in this subreddit, people and bitching about the smallest matters, calling HiRez "scamming your money"  over a few cents different in gem prices etc, you get it.
Top EU jouster, and I think brought Hou Yi to the limelight in joust.
I understand that you want the SWC logo to stand out, but I'd prefer if the full logo is shown. But if it had to be shrunk so much that it doesn't stand out, what it is as of now is gorgeous :)
Now you are just finding reasons to trash him.
I'd suggest you remove that last line if you want your comment to actually not look like you are criticizing them out of hate.
He isn't the best "Warrior Solo". He strived in the meta where the Solo lane has carries.
Far from 100% pick/ban rate. She does have a very good win rate.   Khepri's winrate is not as good as many thought.
Late game Janus slows going from 40% down to 20% is quite the nerf, his low CD on portals is still dumb for me though.   Don't think your call of poster boys and girls are any different, that is the consensus of this sub now.
Guan Yu is mini salvation on a very short CD.  If you cannot bear the possibility of rolling a god you don't like, either be prepared to re-roll (If you aren't a healer) or don't play Assault. There are some unspoken rules in the game, and not re-rolling a healer is one of them.
Pretty sure many people here thought that Stellar Burst does too much.
We had Post Match Threads, which is good enough actually. But I'd like to see some Live ones, it would be interesting to discuss there about plays and builds instead of almighty Twitch Chat
You have a point. Maybe we just need live threads for BO3s.
Same thing applies I think. I'm not sure how spammy or not spammy a reddit live chat is, but I still prefer having discussions in a format like a normal reddit thread.
Welcome! Bad things about the game are obviously present, as stated by many. But the core game is really good and really, overrides many problems to me.   IF you aren't aware, tomorrow marks the start of the most important 4 days of Smite for the year! The World Championships starts tomorrow with Placement Games and if last year's event could tell something, it would be that the event is going to be AWESOME!   If you are interested in learning more about Smite e-sports, do tell me and I'll link you to things that you need to know before going into watching Worlds!
There are just some players that can't accept that they could actually be bad at the game and needs to improve, and rather blame others instead. These players will never improve with that attitude, which is unfortunate for whoever that needs to be in the same team with them.
Bad players look at Tahuti as the most expensive item and just think "shit, that means it must be the best item!" while completely ignoring the Base stats and passive. 2nd item Tahuti after pen boots for maximum value.
Amazing, just what the community asked for especially with the mini-boss.
As long as quests don't require us to win games as a CERTAIN role, it'll be OK I guess.
Well I feel that will cause issues like people not obeying conquest role calls and instalock a called role "cuz quest deal with it", that doesn't sound like anti-toxicity to me.
Pretty sure everyone who knows Night from last year would love to see Night's Anubis again, the hype and build up from the community before the match even started for an Anubis pick from Night is quite overwhelming.
Unfair to downvote him, he is simply just asking us why he should choose this over others.
