I've always said there needs to be, at the least, one specially designated Jagex mod to play through every single quest and jot down inconsistencies, typos, redundancies and the like.
You never forget your first.
The Internet, where dicks be dicks and other dicks think it's funny when it really isn't.
Good point, I expect EVERY White Knight in the entire city to have a party hat now.
The search is over, you win absolute best safari owner of all time.
Yes, yes it is. No actual money was taken out from that.
The maze part of SE is longer than the entirety of CoM.
Let us be real here. PvP has been on its deathbed since at least 2010. It's time to let it go.
Remove c wars req then they can add stats.
The additional abs are only possible through intense training and also biology breaking.
Peacocking can't hold a candle to actual style.
Gotta love to hate a smug face
Only the nostalgia blind remember the outfits of yesteryear as good. They were bad.
Not going to lie, I'd prefer it not be there. I doubt most RS players have anything more than a 6 pack... of sodas.
To each their own I suppose.
I wish those and halo worked together...
I'd kill for a tiny crown that floats above our heads.
I like where this trend is going and expect to see followups!
I just want the Guam, Marrentil, Harralander, etc. noted herbs to stop cluttering inventory when legend pet is set to pick up noted items.
I'll pull the ironman card for some of these herbs, but Ice Wyrms are a prime culprit on the higher end of things.
If its scale armour was colored with the defense cape colors it'd be a bit more RuneScapey
I'm thinking Godbirds for the color matching the theme, Runescape tends to go with the color themes.
The irony since Instinct is the underdog
To this day I still don't understand why they didn't make all existing boots the lower value ones and make people pay for the new ones.
The poison should be removed but the wiz given a bit more damage potential. Also combat triangle is why scythe failed.
It's easier to rally around hate than love. A fact sadly proven across the Internet. It'd be highly hypocritical if unwarranted hate managed to pop up for long without being made an example of, considering the show's core themes.
It's the type of lack-of-foresight that continues to be their folly to this day.
Snake logic; the babies are more deadly.
Would it make more sense and be more practical for all the abilities to come from Shattered Worlds? For a uniform unlock method; it just seems locking Ranged's equivalence behind Solak as to Magic and Melee coming from SW is a bit unbalanced.
That would be nice; not really sure why they can't be equipped.
Isn't that one on a timer? Are you thinking the MEP2 ones?
If I had to wager, it's the teaser for replaying that.
All loot boxes are boxes of loot but not all boxes with loot are loot boxes.
I thought the legio souls weren't type specific so you can just murder the base swarm enemy.
This is what you get for growing organic. Pesticides would have cleared this problem up before it even started.
It's best in slot whereas the others are not. Simple as that.
Openly revolting peasants.
They did kind of Shonen anime cop out didn't they.
Break it down into bites. It's a long road.
I would be fine with Tuz having a threshold of 100 or 200 honestly.
Can't go wrong learning money spider.
This is actually a pretty wholesome use of Reddit; I wish you luck, on finding your duck.
I'd say most areas would be typical woodland/nature smell. The swamps obviously more of a rot/mildew smell going on. The Wilderness would be very ashen smelling. The desert would be interesting as it'll smell like a million burning monkeys as per the lore.
Could be useful for Shat Worlds pushing.
Imagine how Shauny feels, since he's been gone a week. A week's worth of PR to answer!
Kind of miss the dragon t shirt ngl
It's sort of the gaming equivalent to rich people getting slaps on the wrist whereas a lesser person doing the same crime would get far worse. If they perma-ban everyone involved they lose a sizeable portion of the game's deepest cash cows; despite zero tolerance for knowingly bug abusing being a thing they've previously done.
In due time I'm sure a 100 in all skills, 110 in all skills, and 120 in all skills milestone cape will exist.
Saying it's a time gated, relatively tedious for what you get task... oh wait, that's perfect for Trim needs.
I honestly can't tell the two of them apart half the time because I don't go by looks or mechanics, I go by amount of pain in my ass, which makes them both identical.
