It doesn't look dumb at all. It looks like it requires loads of skill and would be way for fun to play than football. Or if we're talking about american footbal then way way more fun.
But that awesome Irish accent though.
That's about double what I get and I think of mine as amazingly fast.
&gt;4% believe that shapeshifting lizard aliens from alpha draconis control our government  Surely that's got to be an out of hand joke that led to people trolling the poll right? I hope so.
Then why are your teachers doing such stupid shit!  It's probably just the extra numbers making the 1% of crazies a way bigger actual number.  Also scotland is a way better country (at least to live in as a citizen) than america. There is literally no aspect of living here that I think is better in America.
Mrs Browns boys.  The pilot for mike and molly was also hilarious but then all the others sucked so I guess it doesn't really count.  Also breaking bad but I took so long to start watching it that I was already hooked by people making all the references.
yes we do have better healthcare because we have the NHS which is free rather than your shitty patchwork of health insurance. Better education because we don't have that problem of only teaching kids how to pass the tests rather than learn the subject. Better government because NO NSA. That's enough by itself.
Just some social anxiety by the sounds of it. Relatively normal.
That's weird considering the reviews it gets on steam.
I don't think that can be determined yet. It's absolute luck with a vauge PSU failure like this.
I'm gonna go with some slighly less conventional opinions because I really hate how everyone suggests AAA titles in these threads.    Mount and blade: Warband- Fantastic game, lots of total conversion mods and you can put hundreds or thousands of hours into it  FTL: Great indie game. Difficult but a lot of fun and many hours of gameplay  Also sins of a solar empire if you like 4x style strategy games. Wait for a sale for this one though because it goes on sale a ton.
Holy shit this thread is salty. For good reason I guess but damn, I don't think I've seen  thread with so many comments with negative upvotes in one thread before.
I thought it was pronounced Sputnik. Like with the U pronounced uh.
Almost certainly
Apparently people think that people back then didn't know the earth was round because it was a common way to call someone stupid as an insult back then to say that they didn't even know the earth was round. I think the atheists point is just saying that it slightly invalidates the argument that religion holds back scientific progress.
Yes the church did a lot of terrible anti progress things.
People who are shown to be abusing the system get the refunding privilege revoked. That more or less solves it to me.
Looks good. Not overkill but should play most games pretty well.
Skyrim is a great game. RDR was maybe better but skyrim is still great in a lot of ways.
Don't you think that's exactly what it used for in the original just cause 2 version?
No. I've heard that when games go on a big sale on steam they make many times what they usually do if they get front page. I think it was about papers please I heard that so it's not just big titles.
i still consider alternatives to steam pretty nich but I guess GOG is pretty well known now. I just assume that the mainstream uses only steam.
Yep, that's it. I guess you just didn't read the title very well.
You really should not have desktop icons like that. Just clear your desktop and use start menu for the stuff you need often, pin to taskbar for the stuff you need everyday and a convenient folder in your c: drive for stuff you need fairly frequently. Other stuff is totally redundant, like vlc media player. Open the file and it opens VLC for you.  Edit: forgot to mention, [like this.](http://i.imgur.com/GKRa5Bp.jpg)
playback is way too fast. Would be better as an album of images
I think it's multiplayer only but there are servers just for beginners.
focused on the first sentance too much. As in the were denying the rumors that he was rethinking his decision. Obviously it shouldn't be a surprise that FIFA would lie.
The right i5 is the best processor out there right now.
Why is this of all spoilers the one that everyone is giving away? Every other spoiler, I completely avoided with no problem then this one comes and I was just glad I'd read the books so I knew about it 6 months in advance.
You uninstalled just cause 2? What's wrong with you?
I agree but at the same time a vast ocean is a bit pointless. IIRC there was quite a lot of space between the left side of the map and the right side in JC2 that was just water. Rivers and stuff is nice though.
FTL is always a great purchase.
I'm gonna guess it's something along the lines of, It wasn't in my interest but it was in my nature.
Gameplay wise yeah but it moved away from what I felt AC was and what I loved about AC. If ubisoft had kept AC as what it was and made a new IP which was basically black flag but not tied into any existing franchise, I would've loved it.
The xbox 360 version wasn't terrible if you had nothing else to compare it to.
Might be good. I'd be down for it but don't have a huge amount if games.
Not sure if joking or actually well informed.  In the case of the former, one of the most popular movements hitler introduced was the KDF movement (which you'll have to look up as I've forgotten what it stands for in english) which, amount other things, encouraged employment through non-monetary incentives such as paid vacations and concert tickets.
I so want to meet the guy who makes a living by going to peoples houses, plugs in a USB drive and walks away $45 richer with no other work done.
At least you're the boss  there would have been serious problems if you were a minion.
Mount and blade: warband. Hundreds and hundreds of hours of gameplay there, especially with so many total conversion mods.
I think you have to make an informed decision and that's very difficult to do before release. In most cases I would discourage pre-purchasing but with the witcher 3 and fallout 4 I would say it's ok because the devs are known for consistently putting out good games and sticking to ethics (except the paid mods thing but I have a feeling that was partially just a huge misjudgement.)
Yeah these are always written in the worst way. It couldn't take me longer to find the meaning of the title than like this.
Apart from storage space and kinda RAM thats still pretty good.
I was going to downvote this but then realised it would just be because I disagreed.
I wouldn't say "won" exactly. More of an "everybody dies" situation except not exactly.
Everything you just said is exactly why we should care. We don't want our seal of approval on that shitty game.
I never really considered him "the bad guy" though. and on top of that he only got 10mil to his family. The rest stayed wherever jack hid it after he stole it.
You really need to get more sleep. 4 hours is the absolute minimum that a human can survive on without developing health complications and by the sounds of it you aren't even getting that reliably. Even 4 hours will reduce your lifespan by a certain margin.
Not sure whether to be happy because I finally saw someone else who appreciates the nexus 7, or sad because it was a 68 year old woman.
Amd CPUs aren't great but the whole APU idea is fantastic for a budget build.
