Do this for yourself.  Then teach your kids to do this for themselves.
I think that archeologists in the future will know how to click the link and read.
While the statement is not incorrect, it is misleading by implying that it is unique to bald eagles.  Other birds do this too.
Hippocryt - you voted for Obama without seeing his ;)
Just a little more patience is required
I believe that in winter months ceiling fans should spin one way,  and in summer months the other way around.  In the southern hemisphere it's just the opposite.
Nothing.  Doing something to make you feel cool is a false sense of coolness - it's  an attempt to fit in.  Be who you are, respect yourself, and if others don't accept you that way, then find new friends.
Great igredients.
Wonderful!
That's in poor taste.
Well done
Call Jack Bauer and tell him, "they are at it again"
Consistency in discipline and rewards.  Edit: note that this helps to raise good children, but not so good adults.
The wide ones are more widely used (like your mother).
You have a fixation. At least it's hard as rock.
No, bulldogs get cuter when they are angry.  Definitely bulldogs here.
I don't know for certain, but I think you are asking the wrong crowd if they've heard of reddit or not.
Get out of the house and get some excercise.
Then stop reading it. You must be in the market of giving advice - the truth hurts.
I think they get a day at sea, and they get to keep their lives.  Edit: I would hope they get refunded the port fees that weren't used.
Just not everyday. Once is enough.
Not without having booked a cabin.
So then we have a solution - domesticate them ALL and put them in cages, that'll show them (sarcasm)
Some people are going to have a really hard time with this (understatement)
I think it would be bloody good for all the narcissists to know that "hardly anybody is thinking of you except YOU." Everyone else has more important things to think about.
I hope she shaved too.
He was male because he had a choice - He didn't want to deal with menstrual cycles, or menapause. Really, if you had a choice wouldn't you want to pee standing up?
I'm glad you clarified that - when I read the title I thought you wanted to listen to a book that was different from the one you were reading.
Examine the code in the clock app, because it has a bug.   Edit: if it turns out to be a feature then find a way to exploit it
The DNC did more damage to the election and democracy than Russia.
Well, your team lost, so we don't really expect you to be extatic.
Yeah, it seems that the fans sit so much farther away. I hope they don't charge the same crazy rates to sit outside in another county.
Why would you want 2 rows of teeth?  Or maybe you didn't take care of your grown up teeth, like a grown up should?
He might be bald already
I did not see it either, but it doesn't mean s/he has hair.
So if cats are already there, then why is the internet needed? (The internet is mainly a cat picture delivery service)
That would be one radioactive banana! It might turn into a superhero.
I don't recall saying they weren't radioactive. You should get off reddit and get some sleep.
How's he tie that rag on?
That is NOT the stairway to heaven!
People and chimps can learn things to apear to be civilized, but sometimes you just never know when they're going to do something unexpected.
Make it optional, I really don't want to know how much of my life is here.
It would certainly give new meaning to "bags under your eyes"
Does that start WWIII?
Q. What's brown and fast?   A. Ussain Bolt  Edit: yeah, I screwed that one up
That sounds wonderful. Good solution.
That must be what we sound like to them. Blah blah blah blah blah.
This pops up every so often and I believe the concensus is this image is shopped to enhance the colors.   Edit: 2 years ago the following was posted (still haven't learned how to post links to comments of other threads):  An unedited version for those wondering http://s.imwx.com/dru/2013/07/729dfde9-ac05-4efa-a760-f3e454a1a0ef_650x366.jpg
I think you are a despicable product of your dysfunctional despicable family.
About half of us are. The other half are so confused they have to ask complete strangers on the internet about everything.
