I don't know, I always classify them as ass-kicking ska because it's hard to find a ska band with the same feel to their music. You know, that 'let's go rob a bank' feel.
UGH  They Provide The Paint for the Picture-Perfect Masterpiece You Will Paint On The Inside Of Your Eyelids  Maybe the most perfect song ever
Unpopular Opinion: Keasbey Nights was better done by Catch 22. The sheer emotion behind the album shone through more when a bunch of young guys made it with hope in their hearts; Streetlight's version sounds much more like a technically perfect virtuoso-fest which, while it's nice in its own way, dilutes some of the sheer raw-ness of the original.  I love Streetlight Manifesto, also.
The Receiving End of it All has this amazing medley near the end... I love the everlasting fuck out of that song.
I'm convinced that the band is 100% tired of labels doing this stuff...
This. Relationships are the holy grail of teaching. You're not going to get through to students if you don't have a strong relationship with them. I think it starts with having talks as opposed to giving talks:  "Hey, so. I noticed that things aren't going horribly well in class. I want the best for you, I want success for you, and I want to know what I/we can do to make class more interesting/worthwhile/difficulty-appropriate."  Now I realize that this is not always practical. But. It's worth putting in the effort. And trust me, some students will say things like "I don't care about subject x" and "oh but subject x is so important because blah reasons that teenagers can't relate to" isn't going to do much. But, again, it's worth putting in the effort. Sometimes just showing students that you notice things about them and that you care about them is all you need to do.
Username checks out.  You know what sounds like a good pursuit for you? Finding a way to make it without having any part of 'it,' the misery and the meetings and the minivans. You just need to find that thing that you love doing that you would never, ever stop doing, then you need to offer it to the world.  Also, screw homework.
No idea what everyone is talking about with Reddit drama. Don't care. Everything is great, la la la la la.
That was wonderful. It's amazing how solid team play still doesn't take the spotlight in the Association, even after the Spurs' legacy has shown its merits.
Fuck me. How much did the doctor's expertise cost you? -_-   EDIT: My bad, assumed expensive and lazy American doctor
Okay, then. Why don't we fund him?
I have a crazy idea for everyone:  Let's. See. What. Happens.
China with a more modern / productive bonus under Mao, while still using the Paper Maker and Chu-Ko-Nu? Awesome.  Korea with Admiral Yi Sun Shin, getting a movement / combat bonus with naval units? Awesome.
Delete Facebook, hit the gym.
See, the thing is that some people consider EDM to be music.
BUY A GODDAM BOWTIE
Why do they insist on driving on the damn sidewalk  Or why are they always standing in doorways  Or get out of my way, I'm coming off the subway, I am supposed to go first
Your ideas are a social construct  Everything is meaningless
Because it's boring
Respect = Respect + 1  Honesty really is the best policy
This is not to say that life is entirely meaningless, it is only to say that our lives only have the meaning which we prescribe to them; this is wholly liberating, as it puts us in control of our own purpose. It has, however, been said that freedom is terrifying.
All movements go too far. --Bertrand Russell (not a fictional child)
Maybe you shouldn't have played Diablo 3 as much as you did.
Jesus Christ, man. Nobody wants to learn to ride. Calm down.
You're way too harsh in your interactions with everyone, and I largely consider you part of the reason the sub is so toxic this year.  That said, I agree with you. Batumania was a bit much last year; simply mentioning the guy turned into a /popcorn fest.  Let's all try to be better to each other, guys, even when we disagree. We're all here for the basketball.
How dare you speak ill of Blandy Boreton?
Come on. Just unpack the standards and teach them. :P
If you want to put all of your weight into those 5 cats, you may want to see about moving Monroe.  To elaborate: You may want to see about moving Monroe for someone like Middleton, PG13, Lillard, Rondo, Butler. I'm not sure what Monroe's trade value is right now, but looking at Basketball Monster's rankings over the past 2 weeks, it looks like they're all roughly 3rd-round value in a 12-team league. Of course, YMMV.  Edit: An elaboration
I'll call it Gibson for ROS. Surely Turner is going to win some admiration for his performance while Mahinmi is out, but Mahinmi will come back soon. It's hard to tell what adjustments the Pacers will make, but I'm not sure how much mileage the Myles train has left on it. Naysayers may say nay, however.
Damn, son.  You would think people come here to ask questions and get help.  Also, we do know fuckall about the league. It's a 10 team, H2H 8 cat. Read the flair maybe.  Seriously, people don't need your shit, mate. This is /r/fantasybball, not /r/atheism. Let's try not to make this a toxic place.  EDIT: A word
Wow, nice autodraft. First things first...  You're going to either want to move Drummond, or anybody who has a good FT%. If you keep Drummond, you're basically kissing your chance of winning FT% goodbye. If you do that, you should check out [Basketball Monster's Player Rater](https://basketballmonster.com/PlayerRankings.aspx), which allows you to figure out a player's value based on the FT% 'punt' strategy.  Winning turnovers may be hard with Mudiay on your team. Don't know about the others for sure...  I would keep an eye on Knight and Favors. Once they return, they're both going to make an impact. They probably weren't autodrafted because they're injured.  Never be shy to post a question here. These days, you're likely to get some pretty grating and obnoxious replies, but keep asking. We all love playing Fantasy Basketball and we all ultimately want to help each other.
My league doesn't trade at all. Frustrating for a 12 team 8 cat H2H, but I think it's better than people sending out a bunch of garbage offers. Ideally, though, we would have good and fair trade negotiations. So it goes.
Old enough to know where my apostrophes go, mate. ♥♥♥
This sub is growing increasingly hostile and it's getting to the point that someone needs to address it. Nobody knows everything, but if you had to guess what people knew by their attitudes alone, you'd have a bunch of oracles and psychics here.  Humility. Everyone is wrong sometimes. It's okay.
Fact: downvotes are used to indicate that a post is not adding to the conversation.  Fact: you misread the question, so your posts are not adding to the conversation.
This is the best thing I've read all day.
Sure, but I'm kind of loathe to just let people do so. This sub is, or should be, about sharing information and helping one another.
That's a Hell of a bird.
Why would you buy a car in Seoul?
How do you know he laughed at you? Maybe he was laughing at something else. Maybe that's a part of his natural fan-greeting motion. You can't know that.
May you be eternally blessed with good parking luck.
That's just, like, your opinion. Man.
This was the hardest choice by far.
Wireless does even fewer favors for audio quality...
Downvotes aren't for disagreement. I swear, it's like some motherfuckers don't listen. Sex without consent is rape, and downvotes aren't for disagreement.
It's also fucking stupid. It's not professional, it's not classy, they look like stuck-up beach bums.
Sorry you were born privileged  Must be so hard to read internet posts about stereotyping your people when all of effing society revolves around meeting your needs and protecting you
How dare you doubt the existence of Lord Robert Covington
Never engage a shitty excuse with logic unless you're looking to pick a fight.
All children are precious  Including the punkasses in middle school  Who may actually be the most fun to work with
