Other western developed countries. And why don't you use figures from Germany or the UK? Massive immigration yet still no police homicides.  Also why the fuck are you bringing race into this? Immigrants and non whites are't guaranteed criminals you know.   Why are you listing contributing factors? Are you saying you wouldn't have such high rates of police homicides without the reasons for said high rate? Well gee whiz well done Batman. No country's exactly the same.
Some people want guns*
Felt fine to me, especially when on roofs.
&gt;Unless you believe the rate should be lower   YES! YES IT SHOULD!
How did you share an apartment with with 1 billion people? Because those are some massive generalisations.
How can you compare 1 country to 50 countries just because it's 'big'?
&gt;greatly  Yeah no. They're mostly the same.
Nice generalisation. Could go the other way just as easily though.   &gt;People outside of Germany are very ignorant of how it works. Half of them couldn't point Bremen on a map.  &gt;People outside of the UK are very ignorant of how it works. Half of them couldn't point Surrey on a map.  &gt;People outside of China are very ignorant of how it works. Half of them couldn't point Jilin on a map.
I know states have legal differences, I'm just saying that the differences between countries is 100x more than those.
Even bigger difference between Italy, UK, Finland, Portugal and Latvia (I'll throw in Russia and Turkey for fun too). It is fact that the differences in legal systems between states doesn't compare to the differences between countries.   As for your cultural differences, states have had what 200 years to develop a unique culture? Countries have had thousands.
Your distance doesn't make a single bloody difference. This is what a lot of Americans fail to grasp. Distance and borders doesn't mean anything when they've been changing for hundreds of years. And we have our shit together much more than the US imo.  &gt; Look at the US, some states are great distances apart. And yet they can agree on some fundamental principles.  Apparently not gun control, gay marriage or age of consent though.  &gt;However, a couple of cops in some pretty racist parts of the US act horrible and you think it is the whole country.   When and where did I say this? I have never thought that every american cop beats up random civilians for fun daily.  &gt;yet in comparison they are closer together than San Francisco and Boston.  Why the FUCK does the distance between them matter?  &gt; IF anything Europe needs to spread a more positive culture across some of its more shitter areas.  I agree. But the same applies to the entire planet.
You know you've reached the pinnacle of civilised debate when someone mentions the Nazis for no reason. Goodbye.
&gt;That's like me saying Prague and Marrakesh are the same because they both have roads.  It's really not
It doesn't. Just the usual murica big
Are you sure you're not just browsing new?
Best of both worlds
grammar amerifat
Worse, bagpipes and haggis
That's just your opinion. I love Italian pizza and Chicago pies being called pizza disgust me.
Expense? And before people call me out the upfront cost is more, you can't build an equivalent rig with Windows and peripherals for the same price.
There's no need to use more than one exclamation mark.
I wasn't referring to the reddit drama, I was just saying it in principle that free speech should be for everyone. I do agree with the ban though, because it was for harassment. I just meant to say that if they weren't harassing they shouldn't have been banned because the mods banned people who interrupted the circlejerk.
I'm sure they care.
Yes, I know this and I agree. I was just saying that even if they silence dissent they should still have free speech.  Edit: silencing dissent: how FPH mods banned people that interrupted the circlejerk
I'd trust the chef's decision tbh because it's his restaurant and his menu. And you're not the one paying their salary, they have plenty of other customers presumably.
Yeah you can't see shit from across the ocean so why don't you shut up about continents you know nothing about and stop watching fox news
True, but looking at the populations of countries like Pakistan as an accurate representation is wrong imo, because illiterate people from poor, undeveloped countries will be more likely to be barbaric. It's hard to say how much better they would do without religion.
Isn't a thing and never has been
&gt;Yeah but it's a fun way of ~~pointing out when someone is obviously a teen or preteen.~~ being condescending
Hunting for dogtags in random locations isn't fun
I like the loot mechanics. Seems like the extraction requirements make looting more risky and the items more valuable. The visual indicators are a nice touch, however I'm scared we're going to have high level squads camp the extraction sites and steal everything. Are the extraction site locations dynamic?
Then the water has direct access to the SoC for even better cooling!
no, the Abrams is just 100% shit
If they advertised it too many people would download it and the servers would crash and Xbox Live would go down for a month and then we wouldn't be able to play Pool Nation :(
makes sense
This is a retarded idea
Dulce et Decorum est pro patria mori
Complaining about downvotes is embarrassing and is a sure way to get even more
It's pathetic
Alien Blue is shit, Android has multiple better alternatives.
Diversity is usually code for thugs/urban youths/black people.
sick of this
This is some shit economics analysis, there's other factors at play
Bs
Never, it's their RIGHT to brainwash children
It isn't
No Apple phone I've owned has had "perfectly good" battery life
Oh, you're one of those people who likes peanut butter  Oh, you're one of those people who likes marmite  Oh, you're one of those people who likes orange juice with bits  Oh, you're one of those people who likes physical keyboards  Oh, you're one of those people who likes the colour blue  Oh, you're one of those people who likes golf
better be running M preview :\^)
They don't want the people that take /r/MURICA seriously*. They're fine with people who can handle the banter and see through the deliberately offensive satire which quite a lot of reddit can't.
