I don't get where the fatlogic comes in. Sounds like they are eating an adequate amount to fuel their lifestyle.
10 pounds in 3 months is reasonable and I would guess that the plan you've outlined will support that.  Weight loss is mainly about diet, so my best suggestion is to be accurate in your calorie counting. After eating at 1,600 calories/day for a few weeks, check your weight changes and then adjust your intake upwards or downwards as needed.
Even if your calories are a bit inaccurate, at your weight I would expect you to lose some weight even at 1,500. So, I'd say keep at it and reassess after a couple more weeks have gone by. long term, though, I'd recommend a food scale. It's the best tool available for accurate calorie counting.
If you can still find pumpkin pie Pop Tarts, go buy them immediately. They really nailed the pumpkin pie experience.
That's awesome that you signed up! Duathlons are so much fun!  For your first multi-sport event (duathlon, triathlon, etc), a good goal is to finish and have fun. With an event of that distance, you're likely going to see participants of all ages and skill levels.  The hardest parts of a duathlon tend to be the two runs. For the first run, you want to pace yourself to save energy for the next two legs. The second run is challenging because because your legs will likely feel tired after biking. This is where the training comes in.  In addition to doing standalone runs and bikes, I recommend practicing biking then running a few times leading up to the race. It doesn't need to be a big run or bike, even 10 minutes of running is fine. These workouts are called "bricks" because your legs tend to feel like bricks when you start running after biking.  I also recommend practicing your "transitions". This is where you switch from run to bike and back to run again. In the race, you will have a designated spot where you rack your bike (while running) and can leave other items like running shoes, visor, water bottle, etc. With lots of people around you, it can be a bit disorienting doing transitions the first time, so it's good to practice (e.g. practice setting your bike in its place, then removing your helmet, then putting your hat on, etc.).  Good luck!
I prefer PC Points because I like shopping at Superstore/No Frills (good prices and good selection with PC products) and the PC Points are easy to redeem with "constant" values.
Have you actually been maintaining your weight on 1,400 calories per day with all that activity? I would think you definitely need to be eating more to support all that exercise.
My local stores sell boxed salads in the range of $9. That's a good use of a reward.
Quest's vanilla milkshake flavoured powder is amazing.
Just pick a number in the middle of the range and go with it. From the law of averages, it all works out in the end.  With meat, especially, you never really know because different cuts and pieces of meat will have varying fat content. So, it's always an estimate as to how many calories are in it.
It's easier to add muscle mass when eating at a surplus. However, there's no way to put on just muscle. If you eat more than you burn while lifting weights, you are likely adding both fat and muscle.  So, the plan is to eat a surplus, lift weights and gain both fat and muscle. Then, after a time, you start eating at a deficit to lose the fat. If you keep lifting weights / exercising, you can minimize the amount of muscle that will be lost during this time.   Repeat as desired.
As long as you are still consuming minimally required amounts of fat (some sources say in the range of 25-30g), then it's fine to go over your protein.
It's only been nine days.   A healthy rate of weight loss is 1-2 pounds per week. Assuming your counting is accurate, it's easy for any actual weight loss to be masked by temporary changes in water weight at this point. Especially for a woman where water weight varies a few pounds depending on where you are in your cycle.  Keep going for a few more weeks. If you haven't seen any changes in the scale by then, then it's time to re-assess.
800-900 is likely a bit of an overstatement but, given your weight, you are burning something from all that exercise.  I think you could go ahead with trying 1,800 for a few weeks and see what happens. Like I said above, though, it needs to be a true 1,800. Not 1,800 6 days a week or 1,800 of eyeballed portions.
Cut for now. Recomp is for when you have reached your goal weight.  If you want to minimize muscle loss during your cut, you may want to up your cals to around 1,800, being a 500 calories per day deficit rather than the steeper 900 per day.
In that case just give it time. It can take a little while to get used to a new routine.
If you maintained the month of December (which is a feat in itself), that means you lost an average 1.5 pounds per week the other eight weeks. There's nothing to be disappointed about, that's a great accomplishment!  Don't be so hard on yourself. Be happy for the progress you've made!
I'd say just pick a number in the middle (say, 1,500) and give it a go. Try eating this amount for a few weeks and see what the result is.
She said she recently started CrossFit so I assumed most of the weight loss occurred pre-CrossFit. Otherwise, yes, the TDEE calc should be broken down between weight loss pre-CrossFit and weight loss post-CrossFit.
It's your birthday, go ahead and eat more.  As to whether its a reasonable estimate of your TDEE, if you've been eating 1,500 calories per day and you've been losing 1 pound per week then, yes, your TDEE is 2,000. If you've been losing weight at a faster rate, then your TDEE is even higher.
It's not a plateau, it's just that you are eating at maintenance.  It sounds like you know what you need to do and that is cut down on the chocolate chips and similar foods.   Do you track your food intake? Read the FAQ that the AutoMod linked for you. There's lots of good tips in there.
Weight loss is all about calories in versus calories out. When you eat those calories does not matter and what you eat does not matter (it does for health, but not for weight). You are a healthy weight. That means that if you want to lose more weight, you will need to be very diligent about your diet.  Now, while eating less then 1,000 calories a day was not and is not healthy, doing so did not mess up your metabolism. At your height, you should be losing weight on 1,300-1,500 calories per day, so that leads me to believe that your counting is not 100% accurate.  However, rather than trying to nail down your calorie deficit, I'd really just suggest keeping to your current diet (since it sounds quite healthy) and adding in some exercise instead.  Exercise and lifting weights will not make you bulky. Rather, it can help you "re-comp" your body into something you feel better in and feel better about. Come over to r/xxfitness for great advice on that topic.
I wouldn't do it. The food scale doesn't really do much good if you don't know the full breakdown of ingredients in what you are eating, anyway.   For example, say you're eating pasta. Who's to say whether the plate weighs an extra 50g because of added tomato sauce or because of butter/oil?
Given your height 1,400 is a good place to start. Give it a few weeks. If you are losing too much weight, eat more. If you aren't losing enough weight, eat less.
This is a great rule of thumb! I feel like this sentence needs to be stickied in this sub.
I'm partial to Pampa. Quick service on the meat and great side options (sides include items like beef carpaccio and octopus). Downside is no grilled pineapple.
1. Being fat is hard. Losing weight is hard. Choose your hard.  2. Time is going to pass regardless. You may as well improve yourself in the meantime.
Most likely those girls were not accurate or honest in their calorie counting.
You can lose weight eating anything you want as long as you eat less than you burn.  In general, vegetables and lean proteins (like chicken, legumes, and fish) are good choices.  Take a look at the FAQ over a r/loseit  for advice on calories. For meal ideas, check out r/EatCheapAndHealthy
Different diets work best for different people. Some people do well eating a low carb keto diet, others perform best on a vegetarian or vegan diet.  Some people are best off eating many small meals per day while others prefer one large meal.  Like I said in my first comment, without knowing anything about your specific needs, ideally you will eat a variety of vegetables and maybe fruits and adequate protein. The rest is up to you.
It's fine to eat that low once in a while. I'd look more at your weekly average than day to day.
I would definitely work on increasing that. If you aim to get more fiber from fruits and vegetables, you'll increase your vitamin consumption as well.
Depending on how much weight you lost from the initial calculation, yep, it could be right. However, it's not like your maintenance calories decreased overnight. If you're happy with your rate of weight loss on 1,450 calories, there's no need to change it.
No, you won't fail to lose weight by eating too few calories.  Eating too few calories can result in missing out on needed vitamins, minerals and protein, but that's unlikely to happen at 1,800 calories per day.
You don't have to do IF.   Most people that do IF only do it because it makes it easier for them to stick to their calorie goal. If it doesn't make it easier for you, then there's no point.
I would just say whatever you normally eat is fine. Are you trying to gain or lose weight?
Doesn't matter when you eat/workout. Do whatever works for you.  How much protein are you regularly getting?
Yeah, that's a little low for a man of your size.  For vegan sources, nuts, beans, seeds, legumes and vegetables will be your sources. What does a normal day of food look like for you?
At your height and weight with so little fat to lose, I think you'll need to decrease these cheats to lose more weight.   I'm not saying you need to give these up forever, but sacrifices are needed to get as lean as you are trying to get.  This article by Precision Fitness is relevant: [The Cost of Getting Lean](http://www.precisionnutrition.com/cost-of-getting-lean)
I don't think that fiber intake needs to scale up with calories as much as general macros. The minimums quoted in the OP generally are required regardless of the calorie intake.
The run paces sound good (might be a touch longer for the 2nd run, but not by much), but I think your bike may be a bit slower due to the fact that it's 6 loops.  Have you practiced your transitions? Duathlon transitions are pretty minimal. Mine are generally in the 30-45 second range.
I find the same thing. Walking a lot doesn't really impact my appetite much, but anything that gets my heart rate up makes me ravenous.  No advice, just offering commiseration that exercise doesn't make it easier to eat less.
It's normal to be able to see and feel your ribs.
1 kg of weight loss isn't enough to start seeing results on the measuring tape. My guess is just that you are holding the tape differently.
"Granary Road is located in the Foothills MD just minutes away from anywhere in Calgary."  I guess it's not incorrect to say that, but there's a big difference between 5 minutes and 100 minutes...
The ideal exercise is whatever you enjoy and will stick with.
I'm inclined to say there's something off with that first weigh-in and that you've, in fact, lost three pounds in the last couple weeks.  Assuming you are accurate in your calorie counting (counting all beverages, condiments and cooking oils and using a food scale as much as possible), give it a few more weeks then reassess if necessary.
You should have been losing weight on 1,200 per day, so my guess is that you were actually eating more than 1,200. It's easy to do if you don't use a food scale.  At the time you were eating 1,200, was it seven days per week or were there some days you ate more? Weekends, vacation, holidays, etc.
For sure, a routine would likely help.  We all have the same 24 hours in the day. If exercise is important to you, you'll find the time to schedule it in.   What kind of workouts do you like to do? If it's something involving a team, partner or group class, it might help to have an "appointment" so that you are less likely to skip.
Ok, since you are a healthy weight for your height, it seems you are "skinny fat". Just losing weight alone probably won't help you achieve the look you want. So, you need to add some muscle.  I'd suggest figuring out what your TDEE (maintenance calories) are and eating that amount. Then, start hitting the gym hard. As an (I assume) new exerciser, you should be able to realize "newb gains" where you can add muscle and decrease fat at the same time.   Otherwise, your option is to go through cutting and bulking cycles, which you can read about over at /r/Fitness.
