**quite different from what I've found here in Australia.  I think the sensation was a combination of this and some top-notch softis. It's so hit and miss with the quality of the soft-serve here.
Ssh! Maybe. I have young kids. Does anyone with young kids really "live"?
You want to get stabbed through the heart? Because that's how you get stabbed through the heart.
Shut yer cockholster. That's a complete fucking fabrication, you dick mouthed galah.
I'm not a conspiracy theorist normally, but I don't see this going away through any sort of law reform. Why?   Because cash can't be traced (easily).   I'd bet there are powerful lobby groups on behalf of big business that are telling the government it's a great way to offset the costs/bonuses of law enforcement agencies while encouraging the populace to move to a cashless society where the tax people can trace transactions and the NSA can build a better monitoring program. You know who else it benefits? The guys the lobyists represent - the guys who put together all your information and spending habits to better target you.
Just one more validation of my choice to not read that pile of tripe any more.
Nah, even if he was a New Zealander, we still would have claimed him in the headline.
He's a bit more full on than just opposing gay marriage, though. Happy Clapping world views don't mix with good government.
I think his point was that no one was fighting here?
In the context of the original post I was suggesting that having a VM isn't, in itself, a guarantee of anonymity.
The bull.
Blade Runner. The director's cut is far superior just for the "intelligent" ending. The final cut version is pretty much the same, but nicer looking.
Take action. Instead of watching the scene play out in front of you like some sort of train crash sequence in a movie, do something... anything.
Yeah, I think it was purely an exercise in getting eager students to see how easily they could throw something up on the screen. Like, vomitous. But, people were graded on how smartly they thought about control flow and modular break down of concern.
Significantly different in artistic merit, but very little story difference between the director's cut and the final cut, which is what I meant. You've listed some great reasons to check out the final cut for anyone interested.
TCO is much higher in the church.
Hang on. They got married in a helicopter, hovering over the ceremony while it was officiated via walkie-talkie and they wouldn't pick you up from school with a rope ladder?  Outrageous.
Pretty much any church you become a member of.   What you meant to say was that you've never had to pay for spirituality. Religion, on the other hand, has your wallet bent over a barrel.
Highest gun fatalities per capita of any western country? Yeah, keep on calling them stupid.
Posting [inane](http://imgur.com/gallery/9xCV5v1) questions to ask Reddit that they could answer for themselves with a little application.
Man, your country is eating itself, it's no wonder that anyone with enough brains to become a psych is choosing not to.
I hate to break it to you, it's called long service leave in Australia and you get 3 months fully paid every 10 years of full time employment. That's on top of your minimum 4 weeks every year annual leave and 12 paid sick days.
&gt; there's really no downsides to it as a hobby.    Plenty of downsides if you do it for too long.
I don't know what enrages me more - a bully like Cory being voted in or Bob Day not announcing his affiliation with the party in his mail-out pamphlets.
Australia, I'd definitely trade out Australia.
Or he could have misspelt wife!
&gt; peddling death and destruction and misery  Well, she's not wrong on that front.
Nah, the one where I didn't realise they're all in-game purchases rolled up into a "sale".
It's the denial that's the problem and actively fighting against any move to stop their profiteering of another persons pain.
&gt; Brewmeister  All grain. The Cooper's machine is extract based. I'm not against it, good on them, but let's compare apples to apples.  Brewmeister gives the brewer many more parameters to play with and remains an involved process. Brewdroid is a mix extract, set and forget type deal.   One can make great beer, the other can make good beer.   The Cooper's version appears to simply be a mechanism through which they can sell more of their extract kits.
...ensuring Activision covers for the damages they've inflicted... in a way that doesn't have us wasting time in a courtroom... starting a crowndfunding event later today... to cover: what we are missing out on the largest event.  Sincere butt-hurt.
So you're stronger than most people a quarter of your age?
Honestly, since when has some nobody recording themselves and posting it online become a cultural reference point? Maybe I'm just old and you should keep off my lawn.
How could someone having involuntary movements from a seizure consciously cover them up with other movements? Not possible.  edit: For the record, I dislike her immensely and don't think her entitled arse deserved the presidency. That doesn't make what you wrote correct, though.
Hahaha, really? In USA elections Soviet politics fuck you.
I concur that there's something wrong with her, but it's highly unlikely that she has trained to cover it with a forced action.  Maybe that lizard theory is not too far off the mark?
I would have preferred anyone who appears more trustworthy, honest and had a view that aligns more closely with my own.
Sorry you had to live in LA.  /FTFY.
&gt; "that matters why?"  Yet another reason to call him an arsehole.
iDisagree.  It's bold and shows initiative.
&gt; Holden vs. Ford vs. drunk driving laws  Oh boy, you paint a beautiful picture.
Is that because we've been fucked over and NBNco are delivering the last mile over an ageing copper network?
On facebook? Ads are the creme. Your information is the money.
The world just gets crazier and crazier. Don't worry, market forces will sort it out.
I think you'll find 'let isItWorthIt' is vastly superior.
Don't worry, people get tattoos with even lesser understanding of the full meaning.
Rodney Rude does it better: Hey Santa Clause you cunt, where's my fucking bicycle?
And that he's frustrated by how hard it is to be spiritual in any meaningful way while making the euphoria last.
Don't worry, the market will sort it out.
Hahaha, like that's going to happen. We have the capacity and capability to realise that right now, if not 15 years ago.
