Lame. It would be lame.
*This user probably thinks that they are just as, if not more, clever than the previous users with this answer.*
Most of them have enough balls to not hide behind a throwaway. What's your excuse?
Australia is full of cunts.
You're influenced by bad /askreddit questions.
There's not a doubt about that. ;p
I thought it said weird, not wrong?
If you're from there, people from Freedonia ask lousy questions.
He peaked a long time ago.
It doesn't hurt them enough.
You and I both know it's a little too late for that.
I truly do.  I admire originality and creativity.
You should microwave them.
Stage a student protest for longer school days.
They're all overrated now due to all the people who answered the other reposts of this question.
Because what they have now is better than that idea.
There aren't any left. The people that answered all of the reposts before this one gave them up.
That's up to the parents.
If only reddit *really* worked that way....
Kidz Bop is the asbestos of the music world.
Not at all. It just seemed like the kind of answer you would go for.
Some people have said Jason Lee(My Name is Earl, Mallrats). I dunno...
What body type would you most like to look like(celebrity-wise, just for reference)?
Totally better question.  I'd be famous for murdering Bill Cosby.
No. It was just a perk.
greed
More varied than ever, but sometimes you gotta wade through a bunch of crap to find what you like.
"Let me tell you something, rock bottom is a sweet fucking dream, a myth made up by a liar who's despair is a void you can slip into forever."                                                                           -B4B
Would you want to be part of the Jonzun Crew?
They probably are not, but they have to sense to go somewhere else if they are not finding what they are looking for here.
Yeah....No thanks.
If they really were, I wouldn't be seeing this question asked every other minute.  Reddit seems to want all Orlando related posts in their megathread.
They think that **their** repost is better than all of the other ones.
I'm willing to bet that you give more of a shit about it than they do.
Ignorance
The fifty dead and fifty-three injured are the part that matter to most people.
Saturday is Caturday isn't all that exciting.
If t-shirts are outlawed, only outlaws would wear t-shirts.
I pity the fool that dont eat their school, stay in drugs, and dont do vegetables.
None. I have no pride in things like Youtube subscriptions.
My issue with Salem is that they are capitalizing over such a tragic event.
Ask again when we're at 11 billion, then some people might have started to think about it.
What announcement *wouldn't* make reddit think about dank memes?
No, but you should probably look into senior care facilities now sooner than later so she doesn't stick you into a bad one.
Write over the sharpie with a dry-erase marker then it should wipe right off.
Because most of it relates to Big Pharma.
Because banning murder hasn't helped.
No, a good kick in the ass would probably help more.
They are not worthy of my whim.
Adele - Someone Like You  I'm not much of a pop music fan, but I could see that song still being in people's rotations.
