the idea of jailbreaking is freedom. freedom to do whatever the fuck i want with my device. whether apple integrates/steals features into the next ios (which can be nice if done well), or not, i won't give a fuck as long as tweaks like "20 second lockscreen" continue to work on MY device. i have zero loyalty to apple, android, windows, anybody else - i like and buy what i deem appropriate to me.  i am, however, loyal and very grateful to developers who put out cool little tweaks and apps, and i pick and choose and install things that make MY device more MINE.  deviated from point. if a tweak i've used has been integrated, to me it only makes sense because it's such a wonderful and useful tweak; but if there is no recognition, it doesn't seem fair to the developer. i'll go on to use the ios without that particular tweak, but that developer won't have any incentive to keep innovating and coming up with new tweaks, might just feel the opposite way and quit or jump to another platform.  the apple community in general is filled with self-righteous and bigoted idiots, who reveal themselves as über noobs when claiming (with big bold headlines) that apple has 'invented' this or that, because they had never even heard of such a thing from anyone else until they're spoon-fed at an apple conference.  in technology, as in most aspects of life, nothing is really new - people today build upon what others accomplished yesterday. sure they can be relative, baby steps or giant leaps forward, but this still holds. to me the most important are the programmers who develop new, useful features, and also hardware engineers that enable such features. to claim their allegiance, like daft zealots such as jobs or gates, is fucking absurd. you develop and grow things either for money and/or for the hell of developing something cool that people are going to use and that might even transform how you do certain things in your daily life.  anyways, i've gone on for too long. fuck apple if they don't credit and/or pay jailbreak developers when they integrate their tweaks.
i think maybe safety in numbers; or you can become friends with your neighbours and take turns or whatever "supervising" (i.e. sit on a bench scrolling through reddit for a couple hours)
indians and daft "traditions" - how about planting 111 pipes for clean water and sewage removal instead? fucking obsession of the indian media to disprove misogyny, because all they care about is not losing face to westerners.
maybe you jaywalk here and there, but the french drive like champions on the highway, vive les autoroutes! (whereas in spain you're hard-pressed to over-take even on a three-lane!)
yes: america like statistics, the english like background info, in spain we like fútbol. manda huevos! (funny stand up though :)
i have to say, though, that latin american commentary is just energy without substance. for most of the world cup i had to stream it illegally, and it was always on espn hispano or whatever. most of the games the guy missed the action until way after it happened on replay. his job seemed to be just to yell out "goool" as stereotypically as possible whilst having zero enthusiasm for the actual game. forget the passing, the steals, the counters, the "caños"... totally uninterested. maybe it's just usa, because americans of all races couldn't really give two shits about soccer :-/
i say the old fashioned, two single beds and an alarm clock radio in between, is the way forward for you sire
that's crazy, the first thing i thought was "there neeeeds to be a jim carrey gag here!" somebady stahp meeeehhh
that's it, we need to get the band back together, gang! to the shady camper van i say!
this is so god damn cute!
masturbating women, on the other hand, should receive GOLD!
as disciple? a continuation of the same style of play    edit: if you want to shit on barça for diving, you should direct your hate on suarez or neymar (non-masia, cheque-book hires), and realise that theirs is a tiny fraction of what madrid and other teams are doing (nevermind the whole of south-american "professional" football)
i'd like to see any of your other suggestions for candidates in his position that are cleaner and equally as competent. it's one thing to exaggerate your hurt once you are fouled, another is to flop without contact to get a penalty or dangerous free-kick, like penaldo and peymar. and you will not be able to show me any example of busquets trying to injure an opposing player, the way the madrid defence does when they've given up trying to win and just look for blood
yes! it's not a good movie, but the beginning is so eerily true
so much that can break in that room, my brain is short-circuiting
i like your version of history, like it's narrated by tarantino
the labelling is confusing and irrational :-/
i am in total and complete disagreement!   barcelona would be NOTHING had the olympics not taken place there in 1992, and now people from all corners of the world keep coming in droves.   they not only built world class facilities to host the games, but realised and acted on constructing everlasting infrastructure to handle the increased tourism/traffic.   one of the greatest accomplishments was revitalising the port olimpic area, which used to be a goddam swamp, with thousands of poor people in ridiculous living conditions, surrounded by heaps of trash. people today cannot believe that the beach used to be a goddam shanty!    whatever you will say about corruption cannot detract from the initial wish/vision/desire/hope of both the olympic committee and the fifa bigwigs, that these events would bring a much deserved revitalisation to the "sugar bread mountain" area and other shanties in brazil.   but... nothing. complete incompetence. neither will the extreme poor of brazil see benefit, nor will we have that "carnival smile" kind of beautiful event that all of us (that wish only good things for brazilians) expected when we heard it first announced that the canarinha and pelé would host. completely missed opportunity to shine    edit: i forgot. the poor people in the shitty areas of bcn were relocated (for free) into industrial type housing in other parts of the city. also remember that spain is very much a socialist country, and since around the entry into the eu there is free healthcare, education, etc. with a marked and proven structural break in development taking place at the end of the 80's (shhh::: because of the olympics!!!!!)
but they could've fixed that. if it weren't for the incompetence of the ruling class, they could have: cleaned the rivers, built useful infrastructure, relocated people in shanties, and generally boost both trade and social development within the country.   that's what happened in barcelona. you make a large (no-brainer) investment into your city/country, and reap the rewards for years even after the major event is long gone.   so, the problem is not brazil. it's the stupidity with which brazilians have re-elected such an incompetent governance
you're getting lots of downvotes, but i sort of agree with your point.   i've made three comments already relating barcelona success story as what i expected for brazil.   and i feel the bastard approach they've taken in brazil is the exact opposite of what should have been done.   instead of a top-down approach, just pointing the finger and building shit and worrying about who gets the contracts; it should have started with clearing the city of its petty ailments from the bottom up.   clean the fucking roads and rivers, pay the people in the favelas to move the fuck out (or literally give them keys to newly built housing), repair and expand the public transport (shit that is the bleeding lifeline to much of the population).    case and point is how much brazilians hated the world cup and how much they are complaining about the upcoming olympics.   they're not thinking "fuck me, this is gonna make us a shit ton of money!!" - no, they're thinking "fucking rat bastard politicians, robbing us of funding for schools/hospitals, only to put on a show for the world to think we're okay when we're actually dying here!".    had brazil stuck to ramen, and goddam basic development economics, they'd have fared much better in the lead up to this otherwise internationally revered event. a wasted opportunity...
for many places the olympics is an economic boost and a rallying point for all facets of society to come together. for brazil, it's a tombstone
i like your idea about spreading out in time schedule. the spread in location is a logical way of expanding your radar in planning events with ready-made infrastructure across the country instead of just the city.   but if instead of just lasting the 2-3 weeks it went on for say a month, it would be a helluva lot less chaotic! and i seriously doubt there would be a complaint either from athletes or fans, heck it would be easier to watch the damn games if you didn't have to choose between 130+ events every goddam day!
i think the utilities might be privatised. regardless, you don't write off that kind of debt, it must come from a budget allocation, which is already under pressure from other groups for social spending and other problems. the whole situation is a damn mess
yea, let's make this fuck-up about immigrants, again! 'murica!!!
yes, i'm sure i'm the *only* reason. fuck you
look man, max verstappen is a great pilot, but i am not trusting him [to drive me to the supermarket!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKhDNNvoBEg)
we are both saying the same thing, but you took a different conclusion.   you are right that my assumption about the worker's final decision is just as wrong as the assumption of negligence, because in essence the "moral compass" will depend on a person-by-person basis, and not necessarily weighed by the risk of deportation.   i am saying that if said negligence were to cost human lives, the immigrant just the same as the local would more likely put his foot down, even if faced with the more dire outlook of deportation. ("it's someone's life for fuck's sake!").    my line of argument is perhaps akin to a vegetarian preferring to go hungry than eat meat, or a pro-lifer saying it is always better to keep a vegetable alive until natural death.    but my real argument to the original comment was that putting the spotlight on immigrants and the H1B detracts from the real root of the problem.   i quote myself from another comment i just made:   &gt; the issue created in this news story, the poor moral judgement of management to not heed the warnings of its engineers, has NOTHING to do with the precarious conditions under which H1B immigrant workers are hired. the problem is corporate social responsibility and accountability; of the inevitability that private companies are at many times in charge of decisions that impact the wider society, without said society having this information (until it's too late).    if companies can make these decisions behind closed doors, which is inevitable, the wider society is vulnerable to decisions where people's lives are not weighed quite as heavily in monetary terms.   there is a famous case we had in history class, ford pinto's risk/benefit analysis. not only was it morally wrong to assume the company would find it's cheaper to deal with lawsuits from the defective parts that caused the accidents; but they had a spectacular miscalculation in budgeting the lawsuits, and found out the hard way that it was more expensive for ford to do the *wrong* thing.   i'll try to find a link
i found that *his* comment was inflammatory!   you'd just as easily find that yes-man to be a local than go through the hoops of hiring an H1B!   somehow the existence of hiring immigrants through H1B automatically makes it unlikely to *shift the balance*.   in this context, the EXISTENCE of an immigrant, that enables that possibility, is at the "root" of anger. yes, only a misguided person would think that, but that's a conclusion you can reach - no immigrants, no problems.   i am saying FUCK THAT, and look at the real problem: decisions behind closed doors that affect the larger society at its own cost are very real and dangerous, and the debate here should be about legislation and competent oversight that can prevent senseless deaths worth 90cents
yes, that is my point exactly. you don't need a compromised immigrant worker just to sign-off on shady work. you can much more easily find a local dumbass to do that exactly, for less money!    i implied racism in the original comment because it deflects attention from the real root of the problem which is that large companies like GM are often tasked with big decisions behind closed doors, which can impact society at large without their knowledge. inevitably they will make catastrophic decisions, like valuing the risk of human life lower than the cost of a recall.   it has fuck all to do with the immigrant population
i know this is totally unrelated, but i'm gonna ride it anyway...   bring back small phones!!! for... "security"!!
this is the original article in spanish:   http://deportes.elpais.com/deportes/2016/01/11/actualidad/1452536914_142228.html   i am so happy they translated this, and so damn perfectly!   goddam onions everywhere!
sincerely, i find it hard to believe there weren't other B players that could have been fired before cantalapiedra.   i don't follow the masia very much, but i think that: of the few players that have made it to an A team game, they must have beat their other B-teammates for that privilege.   hence it does not make sense to me that there is a continuation of other forward-players, while the TOP GOALSCORER has been fired. does not make any sense to me
you're being pragmatic and optimistic, i hope you're right.
gawd, this is so real it makes me sad
dammit, you're right :/
that's really cool, but maybe drink things with a straw instead?   or the most european solution of all - don't drink anything til you get there :/
i saw that movie because of comments like these with little clips of the one scene with alec baldwin, which is phenomenal. but the rest of the movie is so fucking dull, even the parts with pacino
voltage standards aside, i think USB is showing promise as a universal plug standard. nowadays most hotels and planes have charging ports for small devices. maybe in future it could grow output to power larger devices?
meh, first comment, low effort, i dunno .. thanks for caring haha :D   i wholeheartedly agree with the girl, though. feminism is not a synonym of equality, and lately it seems more a cause for reverse sexism
i would press her hard against the desk
new q is a hipster dingus, doesn't even like exploding pens
what i find "funny" is that these lawmakers want to outlaw encryption because it's a kind of weapon for criminals - "nevermind the minor privacy violation, it makes us more secure overall" - and yet, banning actual weapons like assault rifles is considered to outweigh the benefit to society.   it is more dangerous to allow citizens to have secret messages plotting mass murder, than it is to allow for the sale of weaponry to carry out said mass murder?
where are you? 1960s louisiana??    and yea i agree - better lawyer, better chances.   probably helps that guns sell so well, and part of that money pays the lobbying cost. encryption is just lame at turning a profit
that chart doesn't really evidence anything.   you could be a gun-store owner, a gun-multinational employee, a resident of a gun-dependent local economy, and still register as an individual member/donation.   like an investment, you invest to protect your interests / your livelihood.   there is no money to be made with encryption, there is too scant amount of employment, and the whole thing is more an embedded feature than an actual product that you sell for profit.   the economics for your argument are just wrong
but why would americans legislate in detriment to american companies? that makes no sense, especially not if it targets the whole industry; who could, as you say, just up and leave so easily.   this is shooting your own foot
i don't agree. governments aren't some alien body. they represent the people that voted them in. if you can't trust in that principle, then why believe in democracy at all. might as well shred the constitution and bill of rights too.   if you are pro other forms of governance, like communism or dictatorships, that's just another issue of its own
that's just dumb, man.   the one thing that matters is money (and the things it can buy).   power is a derivative of money. you are definitely less powerful the shittier the country you rule.   america is great because of its great riches (and civil liberties that led to such enriching opportunities for its citizens).   one of your gems is the silicon valley. you don't piss that away in the name of authoritarianism.   somebody at the end of this is going to calculate and weigh it - the cost of human lives lost due to terrorism that could have been spotted by decryption **VS** tax revenues lost from apple and google moving abroad - and it'll turn out it's cheaper that some people get killed (or try and find another way to stop terrorism that isn't quite as costly)
he opens his eyes so soft and sparkly.. and then "fuck yeaaaa!!"   i love it
this is so beautiful, i'm crying, hahahah :'D
yea, and out of all things, it is meant to sell you a television :D wat
