Title makes it. Bravo.
Looks like my bedsheets in a pile. What a shit sculpture.
Brilliant
Chantelle is one lucky woman.
You think more people being born is a good thing?
Hmm, a gas station coffee, or a yard of ham? Decisions.
Maybe she should of picked a better place to take him then?
Asshole is the new pussy
I don't understand how you could be T-boned on a single-laned rode unless you were blocking an intersection.
We live in the future. This is awesome.
Wow that's ridiculously cheap. Average house price in Vancouver, BC is now $1-million.
Even though they're going to decemate half their countryside (including the largest fresh water lake in Central America) building the world's largest canal?
It really seems at this point, from am international perspective, that this state is really saying FU to the rest of the "republic", and just doing what they want. Hell yeh.
This is actually the legit fact.
I'd say in the next year or two you literally won't be able to buy any property for &lt;$1MM in Vancouver.  Edit: Less than
They said the same when George W Bush got elected the first time.
I find this extremely interesting.
Ah, the American education system at its finest.
Hopefully statements like this will deter religious extremists from committing such violent acts.
As a Habs fan, I endorse this comment.
This post is so incredibly accurate. I commend the poster for an obviously experienced, but also well-formulated two-cents. Great post.
Yikes. They probably will. Martyrdom-an-all.... That's a real scary thought.
Terriby written, this article is.
Don't worry, teens suck. You're about to enter the prime of your life. Be excited!
People are so judgmental.
Sounds more like the AWESOME train if you ask me.
THIS is peak Vancouver
Yeh, they got it from the French, who are still the masters. The rest of the English (for America, "English")-speaking world has already implemented said sense of humour.  If you are unaware, you should check out American political comedy by the LEGENDARY John Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Bill Maher, Seth Meyers, British ex-pat John Oliver, Canadian ex-pat Samantha Bee, etc, etc. Some great stuff. I'm sure others can add.   Case in point, he's getting hammered at home, comedy-wise, too.  He's seriously done-gone fucked up international relations with Europe to the point that he's not welcome. THAT is no joke. Unless you're not American. I personally find the empire-to-ashes scenario fucking #hilarious
Brilliant
Anyone can get that degree online these days anyway
Let me introduce you to the concept of spending all your money on alcohol.
Jar of peanut butter + spoon = you
Plot twist: Those weren't Translink employees
ZEPPELIN RUUUUULLLEEESSS!
Because they didn't want their personal info compromised?
As I said in the beginning, this was all planned with the shake up. Didn't Bettman even use the excuse that "The conferences are uneven as is" to deny QC a team? Such bull...
Still a stupid name
The amount of complaining I've heard about it being hot in Phx... It's almost like it's a stupid idea to live in the desert!
Really? I find it the same as other political capitals I've been to (Ottawa, Canberra, etc) in that it is fairly boring. Night life is ok I guess.
Because malls are doing so well these days...
Who cares?! Especially considering the Aquilini's are notorious assholes.
It's the racism I disagree with.
Yeh the city really deserved it in comparison.
I mean but seriously it looks rigged. Didn't see that happening for QC or WPG ...
I feel like they will be trying to now.
The best case scenario is that they move back to Quebec where the owners would care....
I'd imagine at least 90% of the younger NHLers are bro's... "jock" is pretty synonymous with "bro" IMO.
Yes, definitely will take all the help we can get.
We have. Open your eyes.
Please no.
