i'm more interested in a sex palace
This is silly. If it is someones choice to buy a metaphysical item then they should have that choice and deal with whatever consequences it may or may not have. I dont like when websites parent
I love how [Vanir](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrl7Xgx7EVI) is in the suggested section :D
Welp guess i should feel bad 24/7 because i have food and a home and some people dont have that. Guess im just selfish.
Remember you arent alone in this situation. Im glad you shared your concerns and we are all here for eachother. Do what you believe is the best for yourself and dont apologize. Looks like you have some good support systems in your life and thats important. Please take care.
A beautiful piece. You did an awesome job
Ughh *yawn* is that all he has?
Really it confuses the fuck out of people when they dont play the part in being the cog in the machine like they are told to do.
For sure. Thats why so many people have an agressive view towards the homeless
she was salary but didn't get overtime for the times she did work after hours. and it was common for many of the employees to work after hours too. idk that company just had shitty expectations for their employees. they expected people to come in early and stay late and come in weekends.
if u wanna mainly fuck for 'preservation of the species' and u will do anything to complete that.....yr a sociopath and need professional help
If chads are muscular fools who want sex arent they chads? They are obsessed with lifting and fucking. Havent they become they chads?
I feel spoiled by this picture
look I get what yr saying and life is painful and cruel. I like this sub but the nihilism is over bearing sometimes. Natalists are fools but I don't think life is one giant painful cruel unintentional disaster. There is no inherent meaning to life, that is true, but you give yourself your own meaning and no one can take that away from you. It is beyond powerful to realize you have carved your own purpose and meaning in life, it is you who is your own creator and you make your own choices. You can choose to see everything as suffering or you can choose to see it as a way to understand your self and others around you.  Your dog probably had a wonderful loving and fun life with you and your family, your dog fulfilled its own purpose of being your friend and giving you affection. You fulfilled your own purpose of being a good owner, good friend and good caretaker to your pet. As soon as you got your dog, you signed up for a 'purpose' and that purpose was to take care of the dog. You did a good job from what I can tell, you loved your dog.  Sometimes life can seem like an emptiness barrel of suffering because it impacts so much every day, we see it on the news and we see it in our relatives and pets whom we love. It is so powerful sometimes it makes us forget just how wonderful the time with them was and that the suffering was only brief fleeting moments compared to the love and joy experienced with them.  I am sorry for your loss and I do not like people who trivialize life and treat it as some gambling game.  Edit: well i tried
First of all try therapy.  Second of all get practice. Practice speaking on the phone with someone you trust. Practice being professional with someone you trust. Make a script for yourself for what you want to say on the phone.
im not saying suffering is justified but it also cant be put to an end for all eternity. I'm not saying its good either but it cant be stopped
we are sentient beings so of course we perceive it as being awful but that's just life for some creatures and it is not going to stop anytime, it is such a waste to just mope around about it because its not going to change a damn thing. Yes its awful, no i don't advocate for it...
&gt; Angry Feminists  this is the biggest fucking straw man argument and it doesn't prove jack fuck.  Radical idea; why not have the female characters be the same size, height and weight as the male characters? they dont need to be super busty/thin/small etc to be female characters, have none of yall seen Loadout????  All in all I really don't give a fuck about gender bending characters because I value original well made female characters instead of just putting boobs on a male character.  Making new characters would be a waste of time programing, voice acting and adding to an already massive game.  You don't need to straw man "SJW" and "Angry feminists" to prove your point, and if you do it is childish, ill informed, a weak argument, and i'm probably going to take your point a lot less seriously.
I really fucking hate that thing
Why...? Its their own body and thats  just as bad being those anti abotion people who yell and scream at people and show horrible signs. Im not going to make choices for someone else and force it on them...
satirizing a satire eh? you must be lonely
it also requires having normal human emotions and some level of empathy......all things he is lacking
Its such a feel good show and the animation is great. I love lord hater
Mhm and we still think we have some right to breed into infinity
Is it wrong to think it looks fuzy and cute? But still i would stay far away from anything that is associated with wasps
I want to believe that archwinger ,like most of the active rpers, are all elaborate trolls trying to see who can convince most people of this insane view point.
Some of these symptomps sound kind of like autism tbh. The social skills issue and being highly sensitive to certain sounds.
Sounds like you are having some paranoid delusions. Have you gone for therapy? I think CBT could help you
I still thinm its funny how they use the name Chad as a verb and are 100% serious when they use it
Oh and don't forget they said good and evil was 'scientifically proven'
Waa waa women wanna make games and be treated fairly!!!
Think about this for a second. A species that actively seeks out its own destruction can not survive and thrive.
Thats just one persons thoughts....if a man said the same thing about wanting to have a woman dominate his life are we then able to say AMALT? No because that is generalization. Maybe u are too dense to understand that EVERYONE is different regardless of ethnic background and sex and that we are not micro organisms reproducing from ourselves and are identicial.
It seems very wasteful to forcibly continue a species that wants to destroy itsself. Sounds like a lot of work.....their ideology is just beyond broken.
Another 12th demensial being spouting on about its insignificant problems. Hey us 11th dimensial beings have problems too quit using your prillege to waste tax payer dollars so some lower universe scum can be berrated through a 3rd dimensial chatting forum.
There are many other alternatives for energy consumption. Does no one care about how this affects the  natives?? This is also 8.2 billion dollars.
Assholes will always complain about PC shit or "Sjw" when they arent allowed to be total dicks. It has nothing to do with that. Its called being a decent human being
true, its hella annoying when people use straw man arguments to try and justify their shitty behavior or make it seem like they are being persecuted for not being able to act on their shitty behavior
Ancaps arent anarchists and use the anarchist title to seem edgy and different
You cant be an anarchist and be for the systems that opress. They are still for privatization and the free market.  These rely on state and capital which anarchism proposes to destroy
The market treats people and resources as a commodity and only values people for how much they can produce. There is nothing anarchist about supporting that
ikr? i don't see how someone stopping animated vids they made = game is dying? wtf??
You arent a therapist. You cant just profile this woman from an interaction like this especially when retold on the internet. Maybe there is something going on her life maybe there was something going on in the associates life. Who knows, regardless its no excuse to verbally abuse an associate. Not one day where i suffered from suicidal ideation did i want to take out my suffering on someone else...
Lovely dog and lovely plants ❤ are you also a fan of /r/succulents?
imagine having HOURS of your work be smashed into pieces because of some entitled asshole.....
I'd rather buy a parrot tbh
i'd worship this plant
&gt;He's a wonderful person,   &gt;&gt;Tonight we had an argument. He is apparently dead set and unwilling to budge on having 4 kids, my own personal hell.  how wonderful is he of a person if he is giving you a ultimatum and holding you hostage until you decide?  You will do fine love, no man in this world is worth more than your own choices and life goals and happiness. You will become successful as fuck and watch him wither away in a landfill of diapers.
Suicide Squad. What a boring shit show
i absolutely love hunky fat bacchus. some people are pissed about this but it's actually much more relevant to bacchus' lore....now if only cupid wasn't a cherub...
