He was a great servant to Liverpool. He did slump in recent years but that happens to ageing players and anyways it's not like Liverpool were doing well in that period either. The abuse he gets is insane, I don't get it, a good player who got on with it, never complained or went to the media and he was never in the media for a negative reason!
What is it with all US city skylines that make them so beautiful?
Let's get Ings done too, so we can move on to better targets!
Great, love being able to go to a game!
So much intent in it, I genuinely thought he threw the ball until I saw him turn back and run with it
Lose the border, first one for sure!
As if we need more shitty press
Why is it that so many famous people are morons?
Pissed of TFB in the Cincinnati game was awesome, that game for me was a real statement of intent from New England!
When he breaks the final tackle, I lost my mind, incredible effort and determination from Incredelman!
It's actually insane how quick the whole site can just implode in a few days.
Need to change those background colors!
Absolutely nothing to hate about the afters either..... ayyy
Take it and run!
Oh come on, it's hard not to love Jules!
He's just a lad enjoying his off season, this happens to lots of people on holiday. It's just because he's Jack Grealish that makes this a big deal, stupid!
Having two wealthy clubs fight over him can only be good, more money for LFC!
Glad they turned up, two guys who played hard for New England. Deserved their rings and deserved to celebrate with the greatest owner in sports!
Calling us fuckers isn't helping you out here
I'd love to hear Stevie's genuine, honest opinion on the state of LFC at the moment. All this praise about the club and its players recently has me skeptical!
£10m scares me, correct me if I'm wrong (don't know much about the kid) but that figure seems insane!
Maybe he's hinting about Gerrard in his prime, a box to box role, like the new Schweinsteiger, hopefully!
I'd have to agree!
Best punt returner in the game!
This is very, very intimidating! Huge appearance of power!
Like we stood in his way last summer. I hate all this "I'm a prisoner" press.
Yeah, crazy how someone's voice can turn you off instantly!
Great, delighted but we really need to get some proven talent in. This kid COULD be great, we need players who are great now!
Majestic
It was an inevitability though, more money than sense!
Sure, it should, but it doesn't nowadays!
Gronkowski seems like a great all round dude. He's a chick magnet, he's a beast, deceivingly smart and he's a baller! God, I love Gronk!
Brady and our receiving core were so clutch on long 3rd downs last year!
Scar is a legend, super happy for him!
You're correct. Thanks for correcting me! :)
And said lean shall be bloody majestic!
You say steady to me again... You'll be on the first plane back
A really really beautiful ex
Builds strong character!
Both of you dodged bullets on this one, she's full insane!
Cut throat in the corn store!
I'll admit that this appointment does concern me due to his lack of experience but I'll reserve judgement until we get into the season. But from first thoughts, I fail to see how this is an upgrade on Colin Pascoe!
Liverpool should have players like Torres, Suarez and Gerrard in every position, our current squad has no one near that level!
5th consecutive punt, says it all, really!
Garoppolo should've started!
I think predicting New England going 12-4 is safe, no matter how tough the schedule is, we always seem to get around the 12 mark!
Even a wall wouldn't stop New England from tearing the NFL a new one...
His down field blocks are really good!
Damn, Collies are a smart breed!
I'm not sure there'll ever be another coach that's as tactically good as Bill Belichick ever again!
