Reddit is addictive.
Such a fantastic author.
Don't hump people's legs.
Good makeup. Mascara in particular. Jesus H Christ, it cannot cost that much to make.
Is the 'hey' an expression of interest? Because if it is, you lost me there. :-p
I'd open this restaurant!
They'd be better with vanilla extract and sugar for sure, and I wasn't counting the oil.   But they'd still be very good, IMO.   If you don't want my pancakes, don't come!
I feel deceived! Do you live in the middle of nowhere?
So far, I am not sold.
Highly Overrated.
It will happen. It will. Just don't stop going out and meeting people, and putting yourself out there. Be you, and be happy, and you will attract the right people, and plenty of potential partners. It will be ok.
Life is for living.
Don't lie. A truth that hurts is still better than a lie that's found out. (And ultimately less hurtful).
Right?   I'm not a lesbian, but even if I was, I'd still fuck Jude Law. Everyone would fuck Jude Law, basically.
Great idea! My next ones will be cheesy!
Now I know I can make them... I will never be without!
Chocolate chips and blueberries!
Terrible. Yeah, petite women are easier to overpower!
Live the dream ~~brother~~ sister! ;-)
They are delicious!
Don't regret.   I'm not always successful, but it's a good aim. What does regretting do for you? Nothing!   Be nice to yourself, and learn from your mistakes.   That's what life is.
But pretending is sooooo exhausting!
Except she looks 10
Fair enough! Context matters! :-)
True. Damn my brain though. :-)
Awww, that's so sweet.  Since you already told me you will tell me I'm beautiful, I guess sending the picture is redundant.
Asking the important questions.
Very very dumb. There would be a lot of drinking, prostitutes, pro wrestling, and heavy metal. And a major crowd control issues in travel agents and airports for people wanting one way tickets out. The man is such a dickhead.
Higher self worth
~~Sit ups~~ Crunches or planks. Let's fill the world with hot abs!   Edit. Apparently saying sit ups wasn't ok.
Try doing 50 or 100.   Edit... And... Less bagels?
Was the power he was supplying... electrifying?
Ridiculously pretty.
I'd like to say a big 'fuck off' to continued sadness and worry about things I cannot change!
Olives. Salty Nastiness.
I think it looks beautiful!
It drives me crazy when my students use the excuse " well, so and so did it too. "  This goes for more than just my classroom...  If everyone worried less about others, and more about making the right choices for themselves, the world would be a much happier, safer, and better place.   Edit the second o in too. Doh
Reading this, I'd first like to say...I love how different everyone is. How boring would it be if we all were the same.     Having said that... Immersing yourselves in a virtual world is something that just doesn't interest me at all!   Actually, gaming in general. Doesn't do it for me. (Don't hate me, Reddit! I completely support your desire to do so, I just have no desire myself!)   Especially games and apps you pay for. That's a crazy waste to me!
If only one thing..do this...Practice gratitude.  This ones free! And immensely helpful.   Our life, our happiness, is what WE make it to be.   These also help...  Seeing a life coach. A fresh perspective and guidance from an outsider can be invaluable.   Traveling.   Be selfish.   Doing things to help make more meaning... Change jobs, move house, buy stuff, sell stuff, start relationships, end relationships.   Keep in your life the stuff that's giving you pleasure and happiness, and remove those things that aren't.   Life's too short to not be happy.
An idiot
Model body, confidence of potato.
I do fake it. Hard work though.
Do it!
Somethings can't be defined.
Trim/shave your pubes. Even if there's no intention to go there, knowing you're looking good down there is a confidence boost!
They were probably pretty smelly, by today's standards.
Fresh pulpy pink lemonade on ice.   Or grapefruit pop.   Though I've not seen the latter in years!!
He's a lazy fuck.   And the rest of us have to pick up his slack.
Don't be obtuse.
Everyone's different.
