I feel like these rules are too based off of interpretation. To what extent would it be considered to be expressing excessive profanity? What about the definition of advertisement, or the definition of racism, or most importantly, the definition of "insulting?" Words that may seem insulting to one may not be insulting to others or may seem very insulting to some, due to the way they interpret the statements. Ultimately, these rules are not really definite; the vague definitions weaken these rules.
Portal is the one game I would show anyone wanting to get into PC gaming. Absolutely try it out.
Humble Bundle and GoG are the other sites that I'd recommend buying from. If possible, I'd recommend buying from them instead of the Steam Store, because Humble Bundle can often get you great games for very cheap prices (and supports charity), and GoG (and often Humble Bundle) offer DRM-free game downloads, meaning that once you buy the games, you get the keep the files.
Rocket League :)  If you have that, try out Ori and the Blind Forest. Amazing platformer with a beautiful soundtrack.
Lego Marvel Super Heroes is the Lego game that saved the franchise (I think) so try that out. Lego Batman 3 is basically the DC equivalent of that.  Also tried out Lego Jurassic World and it was pretty good. Not as good as Marvel Super Heroes, but still pretty good.
Played a little bit of that as well, it's decent.
Indeed it is. He didn't give me anything in THE league though (which I wouldn't have done anything with because Rocket League is waaaay better :) )
Psychonauts is only 1 buck and is absolutely amazing :)
Psychonauts is just one buck right now, absolutely recommend it. Also try out Ori and the Blind Forest :)
I absolutely agree with the guy who says buy the Bioshock Triple Pack. After that, you can buy Fallout New Vegas, Fallout 3/Tomb Raider, and then Borderlands 2; alternatively, don't buy any of those games and get Wolfenstein: The New Order.
So it's not an AAA game, but I'm looking forward to this indie game, based off of collectathon platformers like Banjo Kazooie and Super Mario Galaxy: http://hatintime.com/
This might sound scandalous, but I'm going to tell you to download Project 64 and then emulate Conker's Bad Fur Day. There really is no other game like it.
I can agree with pretty much all of the suggestions in this thread, and I'll add on my suggestion of Grim Fandango Remastered. The definitive adventure game with a great story.
All three are amazing, but I like Ori the most.
Definitely! Can't get enough of collectathon 3D Platformers :)
Definitely recommend Bioshock Infinite, and Wolfenstein: The New Order
To be honest, I'm not sure if a "good multiplayer survival game" exists; a lot of these games involve killing one another in mass multiplayer servers to survive.   I've heard pretty good things about ARK though.
Ori and the Blind Forest, absolutely amazing 2D platformer with a beautiful soundtrack.  Also Psychonauts, a 3D platformer with really clever writing.
Depends. What kinds of games do you like OP?
Hey OP, I think you accidentally posted his key out in the open.
No problem, as long as the game gets to someone who wants it, that's all I care :)
Really surprised I don't see Undertale on here, an RPG that messes with the player's mind and recognizes that you are indeed playing the game. I'll also add System Shock 2, amazing and very spooky shooter with RPG elements that was the spiritual predecessor to Bioshock.
If you want to get him an actual good game, how about One Finger Death Punch?
Hey man, could you try PMing the codes to other people instead of posting them in plain text? Lurkers tend to take the plain text codes pretty quickly.
Space Engineers is a bit buggy at the moment and requires very strong specs, so be careful. Subnautica is great for single player exploration of the sea, and The Forest is great for multiplayer survival chaos.
Assuming you're asking for no-violence games (or at least down to cartoon violence), here are my suggestions:  Rocket League Portal/ Portal 2 Braid FEZ Rayman Origins/ Rayman Legends All Sonic Games (I personally recommend Sonic Generations) Shovel Knight Spelunky SteamWorld Dig Subnautica SpaceChem Tabletop Simulator Terraria (crafting/adventure) Thomas Was Alone To the Moon Toybox Turbos Antichamber Space Engineers  Hope I helped!
Still pretty sure Arkham Asylum is a great game. Check it out!
Ah, Hat Simulator is indeed quite a strain on resources. I'm sure an SSD can help to load those hats much more efficiently.
Not entering, but it seems like everyone in this thread got downvoted. A shame really, I'll be upvoting everything.
I believe GOG hosts Secret Santas during both the Summer Sale and the Winter Sale :)
Not a fair deal at all, sorry.
Not a bad deal, I'll keep your offer in mind and let you know soon. And yes, it is a gift link.
Offer's appreciated, but I think I'll turn down Sanctuary for 80 Days. Still thinking about yesterday's offer though.
Compared to the May Bundle, which I thought was alright, this bundle made me really excited. I've already got Rocket League, but I can confirm that it is a ton of fun, especially with friends. WASTED looks like if Borderlands got even more cartoony and became a rogue-lite, so I'm really looking forward to trying that out. Steredenn looks like a typical arcade pixel space shooter, but seems very clean. Dungeon of the Endless (another Rogue-Lite) seems like a strategy tower defense game set in space, and has been on my wishlist for a few months. Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes is one of the best co-op experiences out there, cannot recommend it enough. Planetary Annihilation: TITANS seems to be the (seemingly better) sequel to the original game. A little suspicious of this, due to the developers' reputation, but reviews seem pretty good and I'll give it a shot. And The Forest (which my friends have dubbed Meme Simulator 2016) is a ton of fun with friends. Maybe not as stark of a survival experience as The Long Dark, but it seems quite solid.  I'm going to mostly ignore Cat Girl Without Salad, because it seems like an April Fool's prank gone weird, but hey, sometimes the weirdest games are the best ones. I'll give it a shot.  Overall, this bundle makes me quite excited. Really looking forward to trying these games out.
To an extent it's a gamble, but to be fair, many of the Humble Monthly games are very much worth your time. They try to find games of many different genres (with most of them having very good reviews) to try and cater to all types of players, and many of the games that end up showing up end up being games on my wishlist (for example, April's Monthly had Renowned Explorers, May's Monthly had Infinifactory and Oddworld, and this Monthly had The Forest and Keep Talking and Don't Explode). It's obviously better if the early unlock game is a game you'd enjoy, but I have enough confidence in Humble in that I'm sure they'll manage to include at least one great game that's on my wishlist, and plenty of other great games that I can either trade away or are worth trying out.
I think I'm out of copies of Infinifactory, sorry :(  I think I made an offer on your thread, 1993 Space Machine for Tiny and Big? Let me know if you're up for it.
Hmm... I'd ask for 3.5 keys. Think we can discuss over Steam what to do about the half key?
Yeah, I think I can do that. I'll be looking around a bit longer, but I think you're top priority at the moment. Putting this on hold if you don't mind.
Think there's a good possibility we'll be doing trading in the future, so I'll add you anyways.
I'm afraid there's nothing I'm interested in on your list, but thanks for the offer!
I'll keep that in mind, thanks for the heads up.
I think I've accepted the invite, by the way.
Not the kind of game I'd be interested in at all, so I'm turning the offer down. Sorry.
I'll keep your offer in mind, but I think I'll be looking primarily for CS:GO keys and/or bigger games when it comes to Rocket League.
Looks great so far, I'm going to put the trade on hold just in case other offers for Rocket League turn up. Galak-Z and Stikbold with the three keys seems good, but I'm open to negotiation once we decide to cross the bridge. I'll keep you posted :)
Hmm... I think Rocket League for about 3.5 keys (so about $8.5 ?) is a pretty fair price, so I might turn down your offer for now, but I'll keep you in mind in case circumstances change in the near future. Happy trading!
Yolo!  Welcome back old fellow! Glad to have you with us :)
I guess they have Steel type?  Afraid they don't have that H2O for those double weaknesses though ;)
Sure, why the hell not?
Hey man, I'm sorry that you happened to get scammed. Don't let him go scot-free though; make sure to screenshot all of the reddit-comment exchange between you and the scammer, and send a message to the admins ASAP. Make sure to let them know exactly what happened.
