Just a joke. I love the stuff from Currents so far.
What a ridiculous complaint.
If I were to bet 100 dollars that you are wearing flip flops, I would take that bet.
Man I wish I could replay that game over again for the first time. You saved the best for last.
I would say so. This game has a ton of charm.  You'll likely beat the game the first time you sit down with it, but you can't play each level on any given play through. There are alternate paths and warps to access different levels. Basically the first level will be the same every time but that's it. Play it for the one liners if anything.
I really don't understand this logic. Prayer is answered based off of first hand experience: god exists. Prayers are not answered in others' experience: god exists. Not to be dark, but if your sister didn't recover, do you think your parents would have still found god after your dad's prayer?
No because then it isn't about them and their beliefs being "violated".
Does anyone else want to share their personal feelings about how they feel about Currents? Please make a new thread, and continue to make new threads every time you have a new revelation regarding your feelings and expectations about the album. Thank you.
The Moment and TLIKTB are definitely contenders for dance floor material.
I wish.
And that's not unreasonable. I think if you're drinking more than 10 beers a week, you should expect that there might be health risks that will come with that.   Edit: I'm not saying you can't drink 10 beers a day if you really want to. But if you do, and expect to still maintain your health, you're gonna have a bad time.
If you get drunk more than three nights out of the week, every week, you're probably an alcoholic anyway.
Have you played Prime Hunters before...? I would rather play Other M three times through before I ever try to play Hunters again. Multiplayer is great, single player is awful.
I would rather play Other M three times in a row before I have to stomach playing this game again. One of the most boring games I've ever played. I actually think I would rather play Other M over Metroid, Metroid 2 and MP3.
I feel like I'm one of five people that really liked Other M. Of the Metroid games I've played I would rank them: Super Prime 1 Fusion Prime 2 Zero Other M Prime 3 Hunters
If anything, gyro aiming. And that's a good thing.
I think Star Fox Zero is the best Star Fox game ever made.
I would hate to see the next Star Fox ditch the gyroscope aiming. I mean, Star Fox is probably toast for at least another ten years anyway.
Star Fox Zero is the best Star Fox game by a long shot. I went back and played 64 again after I collected all of the medals in Zero, played halfway through the campaign, and went back to Zero. It's not even close.
No way dude. NSMBU is the best 2D MARIO game ever made. I've played through that game countless times, but 3D World was a one time play through. I think everyone else would be singing it's praises if it wasn't the 4th one in the series.
Completely agree. I think a lot of people are turned off by the same themes for the worlds and the same music theme that's constant in all of the previous games, and I get that, but the quality of the level design is unmatched.
My worst fear is that the deluxe edition will consist of remixes of songs that are already on Currents. Remember how Currents was supposed to release in early May and the reason why it was pushed back to July of 2015 was because Reality in Motion and New Person didn't have any lyrics or melodies? These two songs were unfinished, so either Kevin knew that he wanted these two songs on the album (and left out other completed songs) just based on the music alone, or what we already have on Currents is really everything he recorded for the album.
Thank you. I can't wait until this game is announced so Spla2n, Spla2oon or any other variation of this god awful name dies.
Everyone was expecting all of the rumored games at launch. I never did. If you've ever taken a finance course in college, you would understand why.
Why? That's an awful name.
I agree with you that it's somewhere in between, however I think that applies to both Galaxy games, not just Galaxy 1. They both had branching paths within the linear worlds.
I didn't really understand her rebuttal to that question.  "I believe children of every age should be treated equally". Huh?
The pick up note before the second chorus in Cause I'm a Man. Don't know why, but I absolutely love it.
They really can't pull the obstructionism card this time. They have complete control of the reigns.
You're not interpreting hard enough.
I seriously doubt there will be anything about Kevin on her new album. I know people are going to be taking anything remotely implicit to a relationship with a "DAE Kevin!?" approach anyway. I honestly don't get the obsession with their relationship. Some think that a number of tracks on Currents are about her. I say Eventually is probably the only one. I don't know, it's annoying.   Anyway, I have high hopes for The Weather. I think it has the potential to be Pond's best album. Opening with the three songs that we've heard so far sets the bar pretty high for the rest of the album. 2017 is going to be a great year for music.
Well that settles it. Anytime someone mentions the possibility of Lonerism 2 you can direct them to this interview. Ain't happening.   I'm okay with that. Sometimes you don't know what you want until you have it. I'm excited for a new direction. Tame Impala isn't about quality psych rock, it's about quality music.
*Holds up spork*  Wow so rAnD0m. XD XD. Love it! Can't wait for the rest of the Tame Impala/Minecraft parody series. You should do some Sonic the Hedgehog parodies too! XD XD.
Not surprised that you didn't pick up on the sarcasm. So you saw Tame Impala in 2010? Wow!! Go on...
Wow you sound woke af.
It could be simply because the game isn't for you. However, when Star Fox Zero released, most people didn't like it and some people ended up liking it a lot. I find that those who ended up liking the game a lot spent a lot more time with it. This will likely be true for ARMS. The game is way different from any fighter that we've played before and it will take some getting used to.
Love this album. A solid 7.5/10. Her second album is going to blow this one out of the water if the single that came out a couple months ago is any indication how the rest of the album will be.
I think so. There are some things that I wish were different, but the game is still one of my favorite games I've ever played.
So this actually looks kind of good...
Started listening after Lonerism. Currents is the best album. You're wrong. Every track on Currents is 10/10 including Past Life. You cannot say the same for Lonerism or Innerspeaker. Suns Coming Up sucks and so does I Don't Really Mind.
Pro tip: jokes are funnier when there's a hint of truth to them.
Don't worry, I wasn't trying to help their joke be funny. I was doing the opposite.
If you don't think Democrats have the capacity to go against their party when a party leader is perceived as corrupt then I have two words for you: Bernie Bros.
So woke.
So basically redo the entire game?  I loved those controls. Took about five hours to master, but once you do you realize that it's the best part about the game.
Jeff's voice has improved in the last year or so. Right around 2010-2011 he seemed to develop this nasally quality to his voice, especially live. Now it seems like it has that nice raspy quality that he had around Mermaid Ave, ST and YHF once again.
I love Tame Impala and I hate their fans. That is why I am here.
Fuck Trevor
None of those concerns actually matter to his supporters. I'll make this easier for you:  Does he still make liberals angry? - Yes  *votes for Donald Trump*
Sky Blue Sky could've been left off in my opinion. It's hardly different from the album version. Via Chicago, IATBYH, Muzzle of Bees and In a Future Age are the highlights.
