Yes, they should.  Still, you could do it... ironically.
You. I like you.
I thought you were supposed to get a drink from the fountain and walk it off.
Fuck this guy. He's been here, what, two and a half seconds and he has two poops already? I slave away all class long to find the bewbiest gun pictures and make the spiciest dank memery, and this dirtcunt has two poops just like that?  To top it all, he's probably from Oh*o. Ugh.  I'm just going to repost all my shitty memes from /r/dankgatmaymays in a big batch in the morning.  Also, do you like Trampled By Turtles?
Plebe. That's from the '90s.
Not really. These are people who don't eat marshmallows or drink certain wines because they aren't vegan.  Fruit jellies and jams aren't made with pork products. [This is the stuff I'm talking about.](http://www.foodfacts.com/ci/nutritionfacts/Jams/Sure-Jell-Certo-Liquid-Fruit-Pectin-6-fl-oz/27404)   I'm not trying to argue with you to be a dick; I just want to share pepper jelly with the world, because that shit is awesome.
"Butthurt."   I mean, I thought the whole thing was hilarious.  Why do people always take me so seriously?
For why?   I've always kind of wanted to put a can on mine, but it doesn't seem quite right.
If you're looking to get those off your hands, I'm sure I can find a good home for them. We can probably even come to an amicable trade, too, because that would only be fair.
It always qualifies for Skynet copper rule.
You and me both. Then again, I usually just stay in /r/wg and /dgm, so that's not surprising.   The front page is full of intolerant SJWs and censorship. Ugh.
What if I know people who... should carry like this? I mean, maybe what we need is more accidick shootings.
Then you should get used to Skynet and his hilarious antics. If you're in a band, or live on Ruby Ridge, he'll come for you. He may distract you with a quality comment, but then, BAM! You're a fag, just like that. It can be pretty rough, especially on your raw benis, so maybe you should grab some lotion and try out his suggest NSFW.   Really, just don't be a lizard. Because reasons.
Compens8ing for something, are we?
So, you hate money? Best price I could find is $.40 per bang. And that was lacquered steel.
Don't we all?
Imgur has ghetto shop tools. What, you think I put ANY effort into my shit other than funny words?
There's something very... Canadian... about this.
Don't forget the calisthenics. To much of that nonsense.
Damn, dude, thousand island AND mayo? Scale it back so you can taste other things. One or the other.   Or you can man up, leave both of those off, and use RemOil. Oper9 harder.
Too much nougat. Too sweet. I love the idea, but I'm always disappointed by them.  Then again, these days I'd rather just have a bowl of strawberries. Because strawberries.
Damn if that wasn't fascinating.
But they avoided a good chunk of Oh\*o, which is a good thing all on its own.   Why do all the trees in Michigan lean south? Because Oh\*o really sucks.
I'm talking about suffering at current prices. Barrel prices for the last ten to fifteen years have been on the ridiculous side. Those countries were still fabulously wealthy and stable at current prices before the spike.
When I first looked it up, though, it seemed reasonable. Hell, even a good thing. Are you four hundred pounds? Well, look, you have to start somewhere. Try walking around the block.   Unfortunately, it's become, well, what it is. Are you four hundred pounds? Good! Nothing wrong with that! Carry on.  It had potential, kind of like the Tea Party. Who else feels like taxes are too high when there is so much waste? Then that became the dried on dingleberry of ultra religious knobs and tossers hating progress and science.  Ugh.
I don't know. You haven't been to Portland, Michigan.
For what it was at the time, it was OK. It wasn't Quake, or more specifically, it wasn't Team Fortress. It was limited to four people split screen, and had a pretty terrible controller. Actually, that's probably why I never understood the love for it. There was much better available.   Tetris? Never played it on Nintendo. Ever. Always on PC, and when I found it, Xbox.
That doesn't change the fact that it was an inferior experience when compared to Team Fortress. The controller was garbage, splitting screens in those days was straining on the eyes, since for a lot of people, a big screen was 27 inches.   Tetris came out on computer a few years before Gameboy, and the version I was playing in the early '90s wasn't trash. It had color, worked, and wasn't on a tiny screen.   I suppose to someone who hadn't played PC FPS games, it was great. I just wasn't impressed the way others were, because I had played better.
You'd think this would get me poops. Poops is life. I don't even care about gold. Just poops.  Gib poops. Super poops because super shitty.
Just as a hopefully helpful point, it's utter, rather than udder.
Well, I agree, but for different reasons.
Might I add [this](https://youtu.be/Kj3en1H1jX0) suggestion? Play it very loud all night long.
No, they *meant* a couple shots from a [shitty '90s car](http://www.thetruthaboutcars.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/01-1996-Plymouth-Neon-Expresso-Down-on-the-Junkyard-Picture-Courtesy-of-Murilee-Martin-550x366.jpg).   Because otherwise, they'd look fucking stupid.
I don't know about far worse. GOG is pretty alright so far. Their sales are pretty good, you own the games, the client is optional, and they've got a lot of stuff Steam doesn't. Granted, their DRM-free structure is limiting in the content we'll ultimately see, but I'm OK with that.   They even just released/started Connect, which adds Steam games you to your GOG library, and now you have them DRM free.   I still love Steam, but not everyone is Trog discovering fire in comparison.
First, rename it to PUNisher. You always have to pronounce the upper case letters.
Doubtful. Our brains are wired to filter out repetitive stimuli. I'd bet they become inured to the dates after a while.   I could be wrong, of course.
But in a post apocalyptic world where you never know what might mean survival rather than death, and you've defended yourself against those who fought to end you, is taking their meager leavings any different than coming across them as the next guy and taking them as found treasure? The dead don't own things. They're dead.   Ethics are relative, and at that point, it's not really stealing, is it?
I refuse to buy that line of thinking.   Votes for candidates are affirmative. That is the only information one can assume or glean from a vote. It does not say that you only voted for them because they were less offensive a choice than the others.   “Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.” -John Quincy Adams
That is one of my all time favorite things to say for a double take. Or just say to see how someone reacts.
Then do it better. Just take a regular picture and edit it any number of ways that isn't inferior.
THEN BUY MORE AMMO AND SHOOT THAT, TOO.
Honestly expected r/theocho. Well titled.
Wouldn't it be even cheaper to just use tiny women, since they only cost 77% of what tiny men cost?
That sounds like a challenge.
Clearly, you're wrong. That's garbage, and you should be ashamed. However, I'll help you out with that by taking it off your hands such that you no longer need to feel the deep shame associated with that weapon.
Poorly.
You have glorious rifle for shooting capitalist pig dogs.
You said it, not me.
Vicious, vicious evidence. When is the tribunal scheduled to start?   Will there be Timmy's and water balloons?
I mean, tough, though? Should we get rid of pistol registration? Yeah. Absolutely.   But we're no Illinois, California, or any of those other places. We've got shall issue CPL, and it recently became easier to purchase pistols.   Not the toughest by any means.
