fuck Clippers  lucky assholes who can't even dream to reach conference finals  congrats for Cavs fans, only Spurs would have been able to beat you in the finals.
shit is very important for life.
it was an inside job and all this is just lies suddenly every single celebrity was meant to be on that plane but fate dramatically saved them
front page in less than an hour  well done
ima eat you
true
give that man an A+
so surreal
we're so spoiled
fuck me i'd rather be locked in a room with 4 lions than with those
Cavs will win easy at home  to me it's already 3-1
now that's a real badass man
omg if they legalize same-sex marriage i will take this potato chip and eat it so hard that it will break in half
it doesn't matter where you are, if you're an asshole no one will like you
congrats man
I'm shocked and chagrined by your comment!
no  this proves that girls have always been noobs
dude wtf take it easy
Couldn't the increase extinction statistics simply result from the fact that the science concerned with such knowledge has simply improved, and hence new discoveries were made?   This doesn't mean that humans are the cause of extinction.
you're evil to me :'3
you watch too much TV my son/daughter
suddenly everyday normal redditors become illusion artists  fuck my life
im glad it didn't try stealing your hat
resident evil 2 sucked dick
bet it will still be shit  former PS1/PS2 WWF/WWE game lover
you do realize that given how noob LoL is, a noob at LoL is like a 5 year old down's sydrome kid in real life. hope you understand my analogy without patronizing.
i find this strangely erotic
aaaaand that's why women suck at comedy
we can conclude dick size is a normally distributed random variable.
wow 70? always thought she was much younger
your head is so round, mathematicians should use it as a golden standard for calculating Pi
steam is full of shit  if it wasn't for counter strike and dota 2 i wouldn't even install it
lmao i like it
freedom? lmao look at iraq now  people getting tortured with electric drills
an asian can do better
VELCOME TO CAPITALIZM.
this is aweome!
god bless merica, land of the free home of the brave
it wont change anything  half life is gone forever
obviously...3 digits
it's only gay if u exchange the ballsack hair
that must be some kind of error coming from tax
she should play new stuff and stream on twitch :D
you're an SMG run and gun whore?
that's a good point my friend.
hmm i understand your point. it's intended to be a humours name, because i think humour is the key to people's hearts, and so they will remember the brand and are more likely to buy it
i dont want to crush my idea so early :')
that's another lovely idea  gj :D
well said sir.
thanks a lot KQLY
