Stephanie Powers FTW.
Scumbag Steve-ette is kinda cute.
Damn that's pretty cool.  I wonder if there's a map anywhere that shows what would happen to The Netherlands though if the water levels start rising.
"There's a special place in hell for people who waste good scotch."  Damn skippy, Mike.
FWIW, the Apollo 13 example is a whole huge bit of "things broke".   And they had to miraculously engineer the bits to keep them alive.  So I forgive that trope, given it's real-life inspiration.
The trailer spoiled everything.  Both ships blowing up and crashing, when the premise is "one ship exploring" sort of gives up the ghost.  Fury Road's trailer didn't show anything past the first half hour.  Far better for maintaining some opaqueness.
Apparently fact = downvotes or something.
Isn't that why they have malpractice insurance?  Obviously the doctor wasn't trying to hurt his father, but you'd think that a mistake like that would warrant a free fix for the patient and no fees charged on top.
Jonah Hill.  I just can't.
It's really, really good.  Give it a few episodes to take off, but it's worth it.
God that show is hilarious.  "You...you said it?  You said 'bitch'?"
Can't hate on that user name.
Ooof, Congo.  What a phenomenal book that got insanely cocked up in the translation.  Laura Linney with a laser rifle though...   But yeah, read the book, it's extremely interesting, and goes into way more depth.  You'll hate the switch-ups they did for the movie after reading it.
Fuck Ellaria so hard.  God that was awful.  Beautifully executed Chekov's gun, though.  Slowclap.jpg for that one.
If Pitt's football team is suddenly disbanded, then yes.
You could tell Paxton loved every second of that role.  Probably because he didn't get killed by an alien life form this time.  But he's trying to keep from having a shit eating grin the whole time he's on camera.
Timing is everything.
In fairness, the walkability situation in Orlando is beyond dreadful.  Autopian nightmare.
Fuck that.  Merrit/WCP &gt; 91 &gt; Charter Oak Bridge &gt; 84 &gt; 90.  3 hrs Boston to NYC if you do it right.  I-95 in Eastern CT is awful.
I worry if he's rubbing sticks together...
Soldier was awesome.
Don't see Red Dog.
Yeah.  Great movie, I need to see it again.
It's only wrong when it's being done TO you.
This.  Craftsan tools are solid, you can get yourself kitted out real nice on the cheap at yard sales.  Also, things like power tools will be bargains.
Since neither of those exist, I'm pretty sure my point stands.
Don't sell Cutco Knives, kids.
Life.  Work hard and get ahead, they said.  Follow your dreams and live a fulfilling life, they said.
Sneakernet FTW.  It'll be a very, very long time before a better solution is found.
Better idea would be to make the trailer frame contain the cameras, then just drop the boxes on top, with sensors at the load bearing points that give an idea of center of gravity.  should be super duper easy given what some Google cars can do.  Best place to test would be on docks, wouldn't need to intermix with public vehicles, you'd have a closed environment.
Up?  Oil is heading down still.  Going to be down for a while with all the glut in production, and the Saudis not turning off their spigot.
I always rationalized it as being the shortest possible distance to travel through the Maw, indicating that he could outrun imperials who would take a longer more circuitous route.  But I think that' shuts a fan service ret con.
I Wouldn't put it past them.
Hmmm, I'd like to hear from Chelsea on just how qualified Hillary is as a parent.
I love it when people who know how to connect to their wireless router suddenly think they're IT experts.
Ludicrous display last night.
Eh,there's enough paintings of Jesus in the world that look like Thor, at least the redo was a little more brown.
Eh, takes 11 guys to win on the pitch, not 2.  Damn if they haven't played well though.
Is the hood in ATL as bad as a 3rd world country with rampant violence, though?  At least the social services here are dependable enough.  Water quality usually isn't a huge issue.
Yeah, that was surprisingly good.
Failure leads to success.  You have to know how to fail, and learn lessons from failure, in order to put those lessons to use and become successful.
The effort and the concept were worth praising.  The acting, not so much, outside the adults.
It's an amazing place, too.
Yeah, go to a real eye doctor, get your script, then go online to get the glasses.  All that LEnsCrafters shit is bullshit.
I'm 5 eps in, and I have no clue what to think.
I gotta say, you southerners keep saying "well we don't really need them", and then year after year you get 3-4" and all hell breaks loose.  I'm starting to sense the need for an added line item on state DOT budgets south of the Mason-Dixon line may finally be in order.  Also, the south fucked themselves by sprawling out as far as their cars can carry them.  Sure, it's going to snow 10"+ in NYC tomorrow, but we can all just walk to where we're going or take the subway.  It's 5 blocks to the grocery store, not 5 miles, you know?
I assume it's a budget issue here in NYC.  Just toss a brush on a maintenance train every morning and have it precede the morning rush.  He'll just tack on car on the front of the trash train that rolls out of Grand Central.  It shouldn't be that hard.   Btw, I love Denmark, got to go to roskilde fest, had a blast.
The Lives of Others.  Phenomenal German film.
Dude got an Oscar Nomination, I think.
That's fair.  This whole thing is fucked, TBH.  I still want bad things to happen to some of those sheriffs.
