Nah. She's not. It's just the idea of a woman president that people are pushing. I think Hilary would be a terrible choice.
Bloomberg tried to ban large sodas and failed.   But I don't like Bloomberg so I don't mind. He's a control freak.
I liked the setting and theme. I read a lot of tintin books and thought the plucky kid/adventurer/roguish hero in the early 29th century was always a really cool thing to read or watch.
Fair enough.   But your original comment seemed to imply that a counterattack is a negative thing.   I just want to get your thoughts on that.   Do you think that Implementing a counterattack to stop an assailant is a bad thing?
Nah. Some local bullshit.
That rule sucks. I understand it but I still think its dumb.
Antigun chucklefucks showing the common citizen that the constitution is no better than toilet paper in their eyes.
Dang that sounds worse than I thought it was
It's probably cheaper and easier to have someone write a bunch of cool awesome stuff rather than make a storyboard, character models, visual fx etc.
If people have the right to their lives, they have the right to defend their lives too.   A firearm is an effective tool for that.
How about your stupid assumptions about gun owners?
It's not an assumption it's a fact. But you are assuming that most of all gun owners fall into the dangerous category.
You agreed that getting into a car with someone with a firearm is scary. A terrifying thought.   Your assumption is that the person with the gun is planning some nefarious act.
It would probably be manslaughter.
I'd bet that someone mad enough to go and kill someone will still be willing to kill after a few days.
I'm pretty sure a mass shooting is defined as 4 or more people being shot.
Sweet. This is perfect. Thank you.
He wanted to make something cool and was able to make it. That's all.
All firearms? Or only allow the state to have them?
Unless you want to nuke the world back to the Stone Age then I would say it's impossible to get rid of all guns.   I have a limited knowledge of guns but I could go to a Home Depot and get tools to make a crude shotgun. Given enough time I bet I could make a decent firearm.   Unless you get rid of the knowledge of guns, you can't get rid of them. Plus you'd only delay the rediscovery of gunpowder and firearms.   Also the mounted division of the NYPD with swords would be pretty awesome to see.
Sometimes the raw footage looks better and (in my opinion) more honest.   I liked colion noir' videos on YouTube before he was hired by the NRA.   They were less flashy and unscripted which I liked.
I think you meant martial arts not Martial laws.
I believe he also said that his gun control pushes would be helpful to him as they would drive up the price of his illegal guns.
You must be new to Reddit if you think this is weird.
I'm hoping this turns into one of those bullshit things on Reddit where enough people buzz about it and the famous person in question (in this case Kobe) gets dragged into meeting the OP's friend
I really hope they revisit that somehow.   I'm hanging on to my optimism that BoJack gets some goodness his way in the end somehow.   Although I acknowledge there likely won't be.
I like to think that part of his character is loyalty to a fault.   Since he's a dog.   Kind of like how Princess Caroline is fiercely independent (most of the time) since cats are kind of like that.
If money was no object id probably buy one out of novelty but it's a stupid feel good concept from people who don't know about or like guns.
Yeah. As if the cops will be the ones carrying "smart guns".
I thought the building belonged to the Bureau of Land Management though.
Actually we have inherent rights. The constitution just says the government can't infringe on them. (Like passing a law to make Christianity the official religion or something)
Regardless of whether or not the ad is inappropriate, the proposed bill is a moronic waste of time that only serves to hamstring lawful gun ownership.
If only they filled out a form of some kind. In a building with CCTV cameras. And had to present ID
A good example of how money in politics has played out in the gun control debate was when those two democrats supported Bloomberg's agenda and were elected due to his money, passed a bunch of ineffectual gun control laws then were recalled.   Just because Bloomberg has the ability to throw $50mil here and there doesn't mean he should get to dictate what laws someone on the other side of the country should push for.
I'm not a member of the NRA yet. I'm wary since I've heard that they are relentless with mailers and stuff, and they support people who are too right wing and religious for my liking but they do help block laws that are bad for gun rights.
Eh more or less.   I feel that people everywhere l should be able to form and express their own opinions and beliefs. And worship or not worship as they want. And live free. (As long as their doing so doesn't infringe on someone else's rights.)  But when it comes down to it, there's no such thing as human rights even. It's simply something a big group of humans thought up and codified.   Another example is that I think there is a human right to be free of ownership. In other words I don't think any human has the right to own another human. When it comes down to it, that's simply my personal belief and I as an individual don't have the power to enforce that belief on someone else. I'd love for it to be the case that any cases of someone owning another person for labor or sex were looked on as inherently wrong and dealt with in those terms but that's not possible.   I guess this was a long way of saying you are technically right.
In my opinion, someone who is in favor of an "assault weapons" ban is definitely not a friend of gun rights.
That sale sounds illegal.
After Carrie Mathison stopped that sarin attack I'd think they might be a little bit more lenient on what the government does.
Yeah. I was making a joke about Homeland.
Honestly I could somewhat agree with a few gun control proposals in theory but my distrust for the gun control agenda outweighs my desire to support something and get screwed down the road.
No
The number one killer of old people is retirement. People got a job to do they usually stay alive long enough to do it.
Well that's one of his better ideas regarding guns.
The only people who would want these protections stripped are people and groups whose goal is to bring constant frivolous lawsuits against gun stores and manufacturers in order to tie them up financially until they go bankrupt.
I think the reason why they are protected in the first place is a good reason to keep the law. Namely that anti-gun groups will bring constant frivolous lawsuits against gun companies in an attempt to bankrupt them by tying them up in court.
Although that isn't always desirable
The whole article is a good read.
Fuck you Osip
You're right they were probably trying to find dreams of a small but successful interior decorator career, and a pursuit of a degree in gender studies.
