I understand the premise of your post but the issue here is there is always going to be someone that dislikes something that is popular for one reason or another.  Like the aquarium, I love what they have there but it's always been a pain in the ass when I've gone because it's so crowded.  I wouldn't skip it if you haven't been yet, but it can be a bitch to navigate.
I hope we don't hear of this one showing up in FL/AL/Etc. before GA like we have with the other Reserve releases.  After the backlash on the last couple releases I'd have to think it was intentional if it happens again.
I think it's neat to have local breweries included but have to agree that I just don't get the idea at all.
I really look forward to your insightful commentary on ATLbeer.  Thanks for not disappointing.
Best. Interview. Ever.
Like looking into a cloudless sky...
SA and Koch are beer people to the core.  He's a sharp business man but he's all about the community and he wants *everyone* to succeed.  I don't think it's as much hate as it is indifference, a lot of self-proclaimed beer geeks don't reach for anything from SA because they want the next, latest, greatest, thing - and Sam Adams is too familiar.  That's unfortunate because he's still making some great beers.  In addition to helping people out during the hop shortage he also offers business mentoring and he has competitions for up-and-coming businesses to help them with funding.  I've got a lot of respect for what they do.
It sure is, I don't know why it doesn't get more hype.  The burger itself is great but even the toppings are very high quality and fresh. My buddy saw mine and commented how red and fresh the tomato looked.  Definitely a contender for best burger in town for me as well.
I gotta get some of that Tritonia.
&gt; Honey Mustard Saison  I'm intrigued... but also a bit scared.
I'm experiencing a case of butthurt over this.  It's happened with nearly every Reserve release that other states get it before GA and IMO that is unacceptable.  I've heard this is the distributor and not Terrapin, and that may be, but whoever it is this needs to get worked out.  It's kind of a slap in the face to the locals that support them daily to wait 2 or more weeks after other states for a beer release they hype up in their home market.  It really sucks to go on Untappd and see check-ins from MD, PA, AL and I can't even buy the beer yet.  I know it's just beer, and it's not like I'm going to lose sleep over this, but I want to support the GA breweries just as much as they want our support, and this isn't the way to do that.
Yes.  I think that is the preferred method to check for signs of life.
&gt; because their events sucked  Where the heck did you get that?  I always heard Hotoberfest was one of the best events in Atlanta.
The fact they scored a 52 then a 44 on the re-inspection shows they just don't give a shit.
[The owner of Caution Brewing sent a response and they posted that.](https://www.facebook.com/EvilTwinBrewing/posts/931832096859398)  He basically said the guy went on a rant and they didn't agree with his opinion.  I'm also of the mindset that you can set whatever price you want and people can choose to buy it or not.  I can get bombers of Sweetwater Happy Ending for $5-$6 here in GA, which I think is a great value.  I do get a bit annoyed seeing similar beers for $15+.  However, I know that Sweetwater has grown to the size they have volume on their side to help pricing, and a lot of nano/micro breweries do not.  If the $15 beer is one I really want I'll buy it, but I pass a lot of those up.
I wondered how that Tunes from the Tombs event was.  Your saison sounds really good.
I think people would eventually figure it out if all the breweries do the same thing, but it's going to be hella confusing if each brewery sets up their system differently.
Right, which gives us and the breweries some flexibility.  We don't have to go in and decide right away if we want some beer to take home.  We can get the "Tasting Tour" then if we find a beer we like we can get another "Souvenir Tour" to take some home.  This is good.
While I agree I don't think Hunah will cause a shit show on its own with the other beers that are on this list I do have to say that it's one of the few I think lives up to the hype.
I agree, I don't have an issue with a bucket and some ice and a picnic tap.  At $700 I don't see the value/benefit in this at all.
The BANDITO is shady as hell, there's no telling where he might show up.
I think this is confirmed based on comments from Molly at The Porter and /u/barrelandzachary, both have said they have the Alpine beers on the way.  &gt; The Porter will also have the 6 Alpine Beer sent to GA on draft this Thursday. &gt; Cheers, &gt; Molly  I've heard of the beers but don't think I've tried anything from them, the ratings are stellar, I'll have to check them out.
No one likes those people.
True, I just imagine most of the people that would show up for this are going because they like those types of beers.  Will definitely be interesting to see the results.
I'll second the recommendations for Three Taverns.  Might see if you can find a bottle of their Departed Spirit still around.  Not local beers but based on what's mentioned he would definitely like La Trappe Quad or Gulden Draak.
If you can get the New Holland Incorrigible it's a great value, like $4-$5 for a bomber.  Looks like it didn't make their rankings, but I think it's a pretty great beer.
OP we need to hear what you ending up doing and how the trip went!
Thanks for the info.  I'm fascinated by the scientific aspect of brewing even though a lot of it is over my head.  Even with all that we do with beer now I'm sure there are many undiscovered ways we could make amazing brews.  That is a sexy pellicle, isn't it? :)
Yep, the laws are crazy.  Every state has their crazy laws, you couldn't legally homebrew in AL until about a year ago.  However, it is a step in the right direction and is a HUGE change for the brewers of GA.  Sure not where we should be or want to be, but it's a start.
Yep, that's pretty much what I said on my Facebook comment on the post.  IMO Wrecking Bar is making some of the best beer in GA and if you're not familiar with what beer to pair with your meal I'm sure they'll give you some suggestions, but it's not fair to blame it on your beer selection.
I'm going to see what everyone else says then go there an hour earlier than that.
Both!
Exactly, and we're seeing the other side of what that brings.  Same thing happens now with bottle releases at retail.  I'm going tonight for the fun of it and I hope to get some vintage beers, but I'm not going to let that ruin having some fun and being part of something historic for GA beer.
I agree with all of what you said except this part.    &gt; Avoid... (2) yeast-forward styles of beer (requires at least intermediate skill and extra equipment or DIY methods for fermentation temp control) such as saisons  Saisons are actually a great first style to brew as 1) They have relatively simple grain bills, 2) they aren't a hop forward style and don't require a lot of attention with additions, and 3) they can ferment at room temperature without any temp control.  You can get more character at higher temps (I ferment at 85-90F) but a saison fermented at a room temp of 72-75F can still be a very good beer.
You clickbaited me with that Wicked Weed mention.  I'll never forgive you for this.
To the first point, refrigeration can definitely slow an infection but it may not stop it from growing all together.  As far as refrigerating adjunct stouts that's going to be totally up to the individual.  Spices, coffee, and booziness can fade with time, especially at warmer temps.  If you drink a beer and think it's right at the perfect spot for you then throw any others you have in the refrigerator to slow any changes.  Again, this will slow but not stop the beer from changing.  However if you try one and it doesn't seem quite where you want it (too much coffee, too boozy, too much pepper heat) then store it warmer to allow the changes to take place a bit quicker.  Cellar temp is preferred (~55F) but if you can't do that then just put in the coolest and darkest place you can.  It's interesting to see how changes happen over time.  Some beers lose all their magic, and other become phenomenal.  I had a 2013 BHB Kolb's Farm about 6 months ago and it was perfect, but I also had a Westbrook 4th around the same time and it was a shadow of its former self.
I've had it on draft and a couple times from bottles, the draft pour I had was amazing but the bottles were meh.  I didn't get any sourness in the ones I tried, but they definitely weren't right.  This is a huge mess up for GI, a brewery their size + backed by Big Beer really doesn't have room for errors like this.  They should have quality control measures in place to prevent this from happening, especially on such a large scale.
I knew any comments like this would be downvoted, unfortunately.  It's kind of funny to me that everyone in here is bitching about the shitty drivers in Atlanta and saying what a hero OP is... I think I see why there are so many shitty drivers in Atlanta.  So let's say the Acura driver was 100% in the wrong here.  Letting him in would have helped traffic flow and it would have taken OP exactly 1 car length longer to get where they're going.  Instead they lay on the horn, slam the brakes, and force the Acura to drive further (but slower) in that lane, probably backing up traffic behind them, and making traffic as a whole worse.  I think they got 2 birds with 1 stone for their bad drivers YouTube channel.
Toughen up, Buttercup.
It's probably in the best interest of the sub if we just ban you.  Cool?
Can confirm.
I think about this one a lot.  My brain can't wrap it's head around either scenario.
Hater.
I bet if they tried they could find some other GA beers to replace that Lone Rider. ;)
Gimme a break, man.
Great story, glad to see they were able to get that accomplished.  The grassroots effort here will be very important as well.  As more info comes out the GCBG will be releasing Calls to Action to get the public involved.  Even though SB63 was not ideal, it was a huge step forward, and the grassroots support was crucial to getting that passed.
A few people have way too much power in GA.  This is crony capitalism.  There are a few families that were born wealthy and still hold a lot of clout in the state.  It's time to put an end to that.
I don't think 2 and 3 can both happen.
I thought it was pretty good even a couple months ago, being a sour I could see it getting even better with a bit more age.
Wake N Bake and Moo Hoo trade OK for other market seasonals.  This is a limited run of a mixed pack so that will bump it up some.  I got HF Birth of Tragedy and Twilight of the Idols for a couple reserves once.  What will really decide on the trade value here is how good they are once they get out.  Terrapin does stouts pretty well so I'm hoping for good things.
