it would be weird to be a dog. it would be like being just as horny as you were from ages 14 to, well, ever since, but you have to live in this amazing magical world and you can't comprehend how to interface with the internet to look up porn, and even if you could, the humans would be videotaping your triumph and putting it on the internet.  its no wonder dogs resort to pillows, pillows are all they have
i recommend it
don't worry  i will hack you back in time
Ah ha! See a professional office is exactly the kind of place I think about hanging them.
Of all the states, I'm the least sure of the existence of CT relative to all the others. Like, ok i'm sure its really an actual place and everything, but it seems sort of plausible that its all just really one big hoax.
i am reasonably sure you are in fact cabbage, but that doesn't have much to do with conspiracy :)
I bet you're saucy.
the soccer games get me every time... until the player wraps itself into a pretzel and phase shifts into the terrain.
amateur. stand one one leg and use the same leg to lift.  never skip leg day
At the end of the day, aren't we all a little weird and douchy?  Especially you, humble reader.
This is a popular notion, really, but I've come to accept a different view. All these songs are so highly produced, they can work right into the ear and conciousness. Really catchy stuff-- what you don't like are the "artists" and the production style.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ez-apj-Od1I  &lt; - anaconda bluegrass version  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzPGzGUNZbs &lt; - fancy in 1920s flapper  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBmCJEehYtU &lt; - lorde royals by a sad clown   I really like the fancy cover but I really like this one  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJY83K3o670
I mean, 'absolutely amazed' is a stretch. It was really more of a "maybe it won't be too bad" to "lol" in 3 seconds
I tend to shy away from the nature babies in general-- but sci rep... what are your thoughts on that journal? I don't read it much, but the collective atmosphere where I work is that its kind of a pay to publish journal.
What about a minute with periods of heavy breathing and some mild drooling? That wraps back around to a compliment, right?
i think its totally rad
&gt; The same way Barack Obama's rise to the presidency as a Kenyan Manchurian candidate was predestined at birth and orchestrated by a clandestine group of evil global community organizers, American Pharoah was born and bred to be the first Triple Crown winner since 1978 at precisely this time in history. Why? To trick people into thinking about how cool the Triple Crown is and hey, why not give the president a chance to win his own Triple Crown ...!? We are now galloping on that slippery slope.  &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;  im so glad this appears to be satire
this is really more appropriate for /r/shittyshowerthoughts  :)
This [video lecture series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-QA2rkpBSY), "Arithmetic, population, energy" is an excellent look at population and energy issues.  Brilliant. "The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to comprehend the exponential function."  I strongly recommend everyone watch these videos as they are extremely interesting and informative.  He also wears a bolo tie with is fucking pimp
or did we not go too far enough?
it seems ridiculous at times, but institutionalized safety practices are extraordinarily valuable.  These sorts of regulations tend to be put in place to prevent horrific accidents from being repeated in the future. "i didn't realize the truck had a nonstandard wheel base" crunnnch
"Nirvana is such a great band! I love the oldies"
I didn't think they could top last time.  Its a shitshow.
RAW MILK ONLY
yeah what a dummy, the 's' is silent
body count based updates bother me. this is the same sort of thing we did in vietnam. body counts make us feel "#winning," but it is not always indicative of actual progress.
I dont think 9 people is genocide.  We also have hate crimes and a plethora of other crime classifications. Its mostly semantic discussion, here, though. Its a tragedy for everyone involved.
love weird al  hate 'american pie'  This video puts me in a pickle.
ugh i know fucking druids leaving rocks everywhere wtfffffffffff
Your style is electric and out-of-this-world.
KRAFT SINGLES 4LIEF
he seems to be using the term facetiously
And North America will be the US of Mexico!!!
you like it chock full o' nuts
&gt; Christianity&gt;Hindu&gt;Islam  jesus numbah 1
local pothead labels hillary clinton most total buzzkill since nixon
texashawk of imperia notoriety is a good target and is already a member of the community i think
Its 15 billion dollars taken back by the very west that consumed the KSA's resources.  The saudi's know how to play with black gold, but they're suckers. The whole lot of 'em.
i feel like the saudis see the writing on the wall for the future of an oil based economy and they're trying to sell of literally every barrel before the world gets full swing towards de-carbonization.
I like Nipponium MUCH more than japonium  ugh japonium
Nah its easy; during the autopsy, you just flow in LN2 instead of formaldehyde based embalming fluids. So simple! ;)
im not sure the whole bean thing is accurate, however, attempting to brew coffee with whole beans gives a poor extraction with very little color. that extraction would still taste of coffee, however? if you really wanted a light colored beer, it seems like that approach could pop up to use a yellowish colored coffee extraction?  a whole pot of coffee diluted to 5 gal would also probably have a pretty light color
I don't know why you'd bother with shortbread when theres plenty of sweetbreads available
Do you expect Cruz supporters to understand the concept of cognitive dissonance? (Spoiler alert: not a chance!) :)-
And i totally agree with you there. However, its *really low tech weapons* in hardened bunkers pointed at a first world mega city with a population upwards of 20 millions, and over the past 30 years, all the previous restrictions on building height in proximity to the DMZ have been rolled back.  Its not like the north could somehow flatten seoul, but even a few hours of unfettered shelling would cause millions, perhaps billions in damage. NK is capable of causing serious damage and civilian life in a major world center for at least a short period of time.   The nukes are not the threat, nor is their million man army. Simple, boring, soviet era shells are.
OH YEAH? WELL MAYBE YOU SHOULD GET OUT... *LESS*...
its not in a research paper  take a stand against it and dont prepare toc images for your journal submissions if you really hate it  edit: (well come on now guys maybe this came out the wrong way. My beef with toc images is that they're a really arbitrary thing to need for every single paper, and then the existence of TOCROFL has caused people to compete to get featured on this "terrible toc figure" blog. A colleague visited from europe and was beaming to be featured on the site, and was enjoying all the publicity. So its no wonder we get these cringy memes start coming up; because how many of you clicked the article because of it? no such thing as bad publicity, right?  I think TOC figures are overused by journals and are consequently filled in as an afterthought by authors.
it may hurt some sectors of the US and EU, but cheap energy equates to consumer-level stimulus and we're diversified enough to handle it.  We've survived economic turmoil before, i'm not ready to doomsday prep because of the global race to cash in on the dwindling oil reserves.
yeah but think about the nobel prizes for making hydrogen become pentavalent $$$
most folks dont tend to properly comprehend the power of nuclear weapons-- why would Un be any different i guess?
I guess the first one is the barrier. After that its just variety?
