Meh, they combined Sansa's story with Theon's so it's a real stark instead of Jayne whats-her-face.   I actually like the changes the show has made. IMHO GRRM has completely lost control of this series. He's turning into Robert Jordan.
I agree, definitely not grimoire score. It's not your Crucible gamer score either. Maybe hours logged? I have no idea.
Hand cannons just need another range nerf. They should be short-range weapons only.  IMHO TLW is fine since it has such short effective range, but Thorn is still too effective at range.
If you're having trouble maybe a pulse or scout rifle would be better suited to that situation. All primaries should be most effective at a specific range. If one is best-in-class over multiple ranges then there is a problem.  HCs - Short Range  AR/Pulse - Mid Range  Scout Rifles - Long Range
Small damage buff to AR's and SR's and a slight range reduction to HC's. IMHO.
What makes you think they aren't? They're constantly listening to us and he's told us that many times over. Weapon balancing doesn't happen over night.
The counter to Thorn is Red Death, not more Thorns. IMHO.
I'm confident that's how this is supposed to work.
The most likely explanation is insane plot armor.
Super hard to aim, but it's a lot of fun when you nail it.
Shooting someone with TLW at range (as in, scout rifle range) essentially feels like you're just tickling them. 9/10 you'll lose that battle to anything but another HC. If you're using aggressive ballistics you might as well not even bother.
I don't know how much of the outcry is from PVPers to be honest, this topic always comes around when IB is up, which is when the PVEers all try for the loot.  Most PVP guys I know don't really care that much about nerfing Thorn. They either use it because they like it or they deal with it in other ways. It isn't the end all be all weapon that a lot of people make it out to be.
GRRM gives off a bit of a George Lucas vibe to me, which I hope I'm wrong about. I feel like one day he could just get fed up and say "You know what? Fuck you guys. I'm out."  Thankfully we have the HBO series that is guaranteed to be finished so we'll never not know how all our favorite characters die in gruesome detail.
You're doing god's work. Saved me a lot of headache.
The montage was for sure PS4 graphics.
Don't feel bad. If you were a Gunslinger you wouldn't have to worry about it because you never have it after you die mid-animation :)
IMHO the only game that has done well in this genre has completely gone outside the box, Destiny. It's a shared world FPS with lots of MMO tendencies and it is killing it right now. The subreddit is over 170k subscribers, which is quickly approaching WoW's subreddit level.  I think Greg is absolutely right that you can't build a better WoW than WoW, you have to go a completely different direction.
Recent Lucasarts history would suggest it would have looked amazing in promos but then been really short and shitty.
You are literally doing god's work.
It is way too big for Control and Clash. Maybe if it was 12 v 12 it would work. I've never played a round on Bastion where we won before the time ran out.
It's a top tier pvp hunter exotic, no question. I'd much rather have constant tripmines out than an extra golden gun shot.
They aren't mutually exclusive. Taking away the power of the confederate flag is a much simpler issue than racists with legally obtained firearms and no moral compass.
That build is kind of worthless now (a whole lot less ammo available to pick up so the scavenger perk is useless now), but the Spine is still good. You quickly learn the most effective places to guard each control point with a tripmine to ensure kills. Most people don't see them until it's too late.  Although all you assholes running max armor are ruining our fun. And shotgun users that sprint past them, grr.
I don't think anyone was complaining about the physical items though, were they? I thought everyone was losing their shit over not getting the emotes and class items?
I just wish people would stop lumping TLW in with Thorn as if it's totally OP as well. It's only really good in extremely short ranges and it has a tiny mag with almost no aim assist. It's certainly no better than Red Death at medium range or MIDA at long range. That to me says it is balanced.  Then again I don't think Thorn is that unbalanced either. I think if they changed it so the DoT couldn't actually kill someone it would be fine.   But to be honest if they actually nerfed the hand cannon range it would probably be for the best. Hand Cannons should be short-range weapons only, the fact that they outperform all the medium range weapon classes (ARs/PRs) should not be happening in PVP or PVE.
Yeah I agree, I think that's a bug and not intentional and should be fixed.  I'd be ok with an across the board range nerf for hand cannons, but I don't think it will change much in PVP where it's 85-90% short range engagements.
World's most obvious strawman argument.
I'm just sitting here waiting for the Westboro Baptist Church to do something hilarious and hopefully not tragic.
Ask any PVP player if Truth is an underdog. It's easily the best exotic heavy in the game to pvpers. I always switch to it right before heavy ammo drops.
Leave it to attorneys to make sure they butt right up to the line of the law to make sure they screw you over as an employee as much as physically possible.
FWIW, the Head Teller could easily be the Assistant Branch Manager at a community bank. Shit, the Branch Manager could BE the Head Teller.
The shocking thing to me is that someone who wanted a confederate flag iced onto a Wal-Mart cake even knew what the ISIS flag looked like.
It's either true or they're too ignorant or too young to know the true meaning. There are definitely people who use it strictly as a "proud to be from the south" flag, but 10 out of 10 have no idea the history behind the confederate battle flag or it's history with the KKK. Maybe Maybe 1 out of 5 could identify the real confederate flag.
It's not automatically deception. Many things could have happened between then and release that could cause it to fall by the wayside.    How many times have we seen previews that show off unbelievably good graphics only for the release client to be average at best because the consoles couldn't keep up the FPS at the higher graphics levels?
He might not strictly have an obligation to finish, but he certainly has a moral obligation. He created a story that many of us fell in love with and have obsessed over for years, decades even. We're the reason he can do what he loves. We support him. For him to just drop it for no legitimate reason would be a seriously dick move.
It's not perfect, for sure. No adaptation of a book series that routinely hits the 1,000 page mark for each book could be adapted to TV well. There's no doubt that they're streamlining the plot quite a bit too, it is definitely more plot focused and less character focused, but I would argue that it's because the books are so character focused that the plot has all but disappeared. Shows need to have more plot than books do.
When they left out the Tysha story I was seriously let down. Talk about a change for no reason. Not to mention a great moment to develop all of the characters involved substantially.
Surely you're making more money than you did right out of college?
Maybe you need to step back and consider what would be a good reward and whether it's even possible to get it from the Nightfall? If you already have every exotic you're not likely to have a chance at getting anything useful.
It would be a cosmetic item, good luck convincing them not to charge you silver for it.
In case you're just blissfully unaware, you get downvotes because your posts are aggressive as fuck.
Oversoul Edict was fucking amazing in PVP, and this was before Pulse Rifles got a buff. VoG weapons were way too over powered. CE got it just right (IMHO), and PoE was a major misstep. KF is somewhere between CE and PoE right now.
It would actually be a really nice bone to throw us, updating VoG / PoE / CE with higher level enemies and updated loot. The VoG weapons would need some tweaking (really just ditching the elemental damage on primaries and making the perks randomized like KF), and they'd need to be updated to the new loot drop system. But we would be eternally grateful.
I mean, they've already told us that they're spending almost all their resources on Destiny 2. This implies that there is no "plan" for the next six months, what we have is basically what we'll have in 6 months. It's just that the community doesn't accept that answer for some reason.    I'm fine with a content drought if it means we'll get Destiny 2 soon. I've got a ridiculous backlog of games to start on from the last year and a half.
If it makes you feel any better, you'll be a lot better if you don't use the full auto mode for anyone further away than shotgun range anyway.
Dude, Yoda trained Luke for like a month at max. He was trained for the length of time that Han and Leia sat in that worm's stomach and then traveled to the cloud city.    Then, after training him for a month, he tells Luke he can't go save his friends because he has to finish his training. But when Luke comes back to finish, he's like "Oh I was just trolling man, you're done bro. Now all you got to do is kill your father and you'll be a Jedi."
It's what we did for Destiny 1, I don't see why the sequel should be any different. We're always striving to make each new game a disappointment.
It has no noticeable effect. You won't be able to tell a bit of difference between 319 and 320.
Virtually every bank has a totally free checking account, why would poor people be choosing one that requires a minimum balance? Your whole post reeks of strawmen. For someone with an MBA you sure don't seem to have much actual knowledge of how banking works...
Yeah, I mean there will always be content droughts between expansions. This is just the first of many. I'm sure many/all of us will be back immediately when Destiny 2 releases.
