Yea that's pretty good. Hold onto it!
Rugrats, solid
You should probably take the words off at the bottom too, makes it cheesy
That's OK, because the labor was not done on the sabbath. Labor is good. Labor on that sabbath is bad.
Yea they actually need to be removed by the parent. Talk to your pediatrician.
Why did they get to inbound it from the sideline instead of the baseline?
Aww we all know the school will not change its decision come hell or high water
Seriously though! It's opposite on phones and computers too. It kills me.
They've probably watched the show and seen people complain, or they are specifically told to complain to create 'drama'
Can you imagine a burger with all sauces? More like a sodium soup.
I think that is what every low end restaurant worker does.
It's such bs!
Come on, pride leaves a much bigger mess. And there are not usually 50 arrests in the area on a Sunday night.
Of you win, it WILL be peyton
Dude you're in the playoffs have some dignity.
Pure Hate directed at Denver, I'm sure.
It's a black joke
You're just mad cause when the bathrooms are labeled 'ladies' and 'gentlemen', there's nowhere for you to go.
Reach for the stars my friend. Even if you miss, you'll land upon the stairs.
Agreed, he sprang up so fast
Wrists can't be down
No
Agreed
If it's a big office, you probably won't get enough for an island.
Mixed.
it says you're a damn good Cincinnatian.
Ha a lot of people are rooting AGAINST the Cardinals for the same reason. I dunno if I want him to get a ring.
The ONLY reason I would want the Pats to win is to watch Goodell have to hand the damn trophy to Brady.
It deserves a penalty, but 15 seems like so many. I can see it in other instances, where they actually use it to get a competitive advantage.
DON'T carry a knife for self protection. If you are a smaller female, you are more likely to have it turned around on you than you are to use it successfully. Tazer, pepper spray is way to go. Something that can be used from a distance.
Ugh the streetcars. Some people wanted a light rail system, some people wanted nothing, so they decided to compromise and make something useless that EVERYONE can be mad about.
Thanks for the tip, I think I'm getting near the end so I will get the first DLC now.
A 6 pack of bud is like 6 dollars, not nine.
Wowza, pricey. It is tough to find places that do a good job though...
Don't go to Salsa Gomez at 1 am if you don't want lines
No you can tell I'm not cause nowhere did I use the word cuck.
Seems unsafe
Probably not room for a full kitchen.
Those would be some tiny plums
I'm confused... I think I have 15 down, but I can stream Netflix in 1080p?
I think she did! Glad others stepped up further down the chain while I went to sleep.
This is just not helpful!
Yea he clearly has none of those, as evidenced by the obvious rush job of the contraption.
Seriously. School doesn't teach you how to apply for college. The school website, or college packet does.
I mean the speed limit is 45 but yea, everyone goes 70 when it is clear. What always shocks me are the freaking divvy bikes
Well yea, obviously he is despicable. But not exactly in the way /u/Msmit71 said he was.
Consider voicing these concerns to the AMA, and bring up the fact that their top donations went to republicans who plan on repealing the ACA with no replacement.
On the one hand, a poor work-life balance. On the other, your family being butchered because you couldn't afford the protection.  I get it, it is really a toss up.
If we are going to pedantic, it should be Straße. But from your username, I bet you knew that already.
Preferably he would move somewhere NOT in Cincinnati then.
