All kidding aside, the GOP candidates for 2016 are going to fawn over this one and blame Obama for pulling out of Iraq too early.
An hour ago, I was hoping Stannis would bury the Boltons. Now, I'm hoping it's a tie.
Oysters. Big difference.
They put the southern part of Bayonne in Central Jersey. Blasphemous.
Just put her in the same room with the High Sparrow &amp; I'd watch that duel.
Sounds like OP and friends need to volunteer with those kids. That will save money. Let's start an army.
Don't think that's conservative at all. You could definitely add more to CT, throw in southern Putnam County and sprinkle in some Monmouth and Hudson County ferry commuters.   But good points overall.
I feel this is an appropriate comment for your username.
I agree that NATO membership is important, but that hasn't stopped Russia from[stoking up fear](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/10/06/world/europe/estonia-russia-cold-war-eston-kohver-border.html?referrer=) in other areas.
He'd probably be running for Menendez's seat, not Booker's. Yes, he'd win BIG.
Drunk on the champagne, I suppose he is.
Funny how they consider Turkey part of Europe, but not Belarus or Russia.
A buoy tender on the Great Lakes? I would definitely read an AMA about that job.
Yes. And I'm not saying better - just an alternative.   Google "Mummers Parade" right now. My top 3 "In the News" results:  * This [from the NY Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/mummers-parade-draws-ire-float-mocking-caitlyn-jenner-article-1.2483314)  * From [NBC Philly](http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/More-Diverse-Mummers-Parade-Mired-by-Homophobic-Racist-Acts-364008161.html)  * From [Philly.com](http://mobile.philly.com/beta?wss=/philly/news&amp;amp;id=364009351)  So maybe reactional bullshit(s) plural?  Edit - was NY Daily News
Why has there not been a petition yet starting to get the DOJ and BLM to enforce the laws?  Can "We the People" sue the DOJ?
Won't be popular here, but I saw Die Hard 2 in the movie theater and was much more on the edge of my seat than the original.  I still think it's a great film.
Jon Gruden could take either Philly or the Giants job &amp; get to coach against his brother twice a year.   Maybe the sibling rivalry is worth it to him?
Pretty sure they wouldn't be doing this if the game was vs. Mendham or Chatham. So is there intent to inflame? Umm - Is the Pope Catholic?   I think the principal is handling it fine:  * Let them wear their patriotic clothes * Ban the props    . . . and probably beef up security.
What's funny is that there is a big football game going on in Minnesota right now. I hope their hockey team, without a lot of fan enthusiasm, lays an egg tonight.  Next Saturday - there's a pretty big football game going on in Arizona tonight, I hope the hockey team, without any fans, lays an egg that afternoon.  I'm all about positive karma.   EDIT: a word
Hooray Devils for contributing to the worst day in recent Minnesota sports history!
If I'm an older St Louis fan, I really hope the Arizona Cardinals do not win the Super Bowl.
American here.  Met an Aussie in Toronto over the summer who nonchalantly told me he just picked up and moved there spontaneously. I paused for a second and said, "Commonwealth?"   He said, "Yup."  If I'm correct, it is amazing you can just move back and forth between commonwealth nations *and work.*   Ireland has the EU.  Almost made me sad our forefathers revolted against British rule. Almost.   Edited a sentence for clarity
Thanks , I know, just was wishing for like a live map with conditions.   Would be nice.
I am loving this, but it's the type of game where we're ahead too early.  This game will end up 3-2 or 4-3 and we'll be biting our nails in the 3rd.  Hope I'm wrong.
Hate to see Cory lose the shutout, but that was one of the greatest reactions shots after a goal by Byfuglien.
Hated to see Cory lose the shutout, but it was great.
I hate Christie, but I would actually chalk a lot of this up to the North-South Jersey divide in the state. Few governors could have acted differently without sacrificing their political career here. And we all know that Christie wasn't going to do that *on purpose.*  Christie needed Sweeney and company to ally around the public employees cuts enacted. Sweeney delivered. Christie had to give him something important for South Jersey and going in on AC was a case of returning the favor. So is [politics in our state](https://newrepublic.com/article/116601/chris-christies-rise-and-fall).  Former AC mayor's Langford's take on just leaving the city alone might seem good in hindsight, but there were too many issues - like Revel.   And what was the alternative there? Leave it half built? Then, New Jersey would [join Pygonyang](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/05/22/nobody-s-home-at-the-hermit-kingdom-s-ghost-hotel.html) as having a hulking unfinished structure just sitting there. A symbolic half-built ghost tower would've served as [a permanent eye-sore](http://guff.com/16-amazing-abandoned-former-olympic-sites) and would also have cost money to tear down (granted, not as much to keep building it). It could've driven even more casinos out of town and believe me would've added another chapter two the Jersey joke canon.   Edit: two words
I enjoyed most of this. But would not enjoy the loonie right now.
Yeah, going into the history of the Pale is going to make an explanation to 14 year olds even more complicated.   Maybe I'm better off noting the history of Christian anti-Semitism in the region (and really a lot of Europe) prior to Nazis and that the Nazis exploited this.
I really enjoyed The Greatest Movie Ever Sold. Spurlock is gimmicky as usual, but it works here &amp; is a valuable teaching tool.
Think of the other people who have it a lot worse than you.  Not to say our problems aren't important, they are. But perspective helps me.
Same - Atlantic City and Wildwood should have come up
Your job then is to make them experience a real deli - fresh bagels, pastrami, etc  Don't mess it up
GOP split the vote, but yeah.
It probably sounded more eloquent in French
Yeah - but to tell her all those secrets &amp; just let her go?
Jaime got Riverun without bloodshed, why couldn't he earn back Tully's wife &amp; kid without it too?
I don't know.   The guy just completed his objective and is free to return to King's Landing and see his sister.  There's got to be some revolutionary character development changes over the next two episodes for this to happen, and with a majority of next episode dedicated to the Battle of the Bastards, I just don't see it.
I'm a little disappointed the article didn't mention this, but what if they were to categorize acts committed by children of immigrants?  * Boston marathon  * VA Tech  * San Bernardino  * Orlando  * Fort Hood (the 1st one)  These are just examples off the top of my head.  By the 3rd generation, assimilation has pretty much taken place, and true, right wing &amp; other domestic lone wolfs are the biggest groups, but hopefully the above doesn't represent a growing trend,
I don't think it causes a problem, it just kinda annoys me.   When I'm speaking in my other language, I try hard to get the correct pronunciation *in that language*
No way - Sansa is going to renew her vows with Tyrion by the end!
1) The Knights of the Vale are marching north, but aren't also the Tully's now?  2) I think something is going to happen to Robin Arryn here. If he dies, doesn't Littlefinger rule the Vale?
In the previews, Jon tells Mel if he dies to not bring him back again.  I wonder if Davos has a moment with Jon beforehand, tells him what he think happened to Shireen and how the Red Woman used Stannis.  Sure - she has magic that killed Renly and magic that brought Jon back, but "do you want to be on the side of virtue or sorcery?" I think Davos will warn Jon to not be a pawn in Mel's game.
Hope it doesn't end up like /r/worldpolitics here, but I posted because I think the editorial is an essential read and haven't heard much chatter about it.   &gt; A state government that divests in companies purely based on their political opinion should expect to be sued in federal court, on First Amendment grounds. Like the man flying Donald Trump flags on his home in West Long Branch, this is protected speech, like it or not.
Did I not just do that with the above quote?   Besides being a free speech issue, Cuomo's actions in NY are concerning and I didn't [buy his argument](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/gov-andrew-cuomo-if-you-boycott-israel-new-york-state-will-boycott-you/2016/06/10/1d6d3acc-2e62-11e6-9b37-42985f6a265c_story.html) (look at the last paragraph).  I don't think many Americans realize how right wing the Israeli government has become in the past decade. Maybe a second intifada will do that, but I saw the divestment movement as trying to encourage a more-level headed government in Jerusalem.   Now NJ wants to throw its hat in too? Can't we just leave state government out of it?
How important is public transportation and walkability to him? Because Dover is great for both .
I buy into the Varys in Dorne theory.   I know in the books he kills Kevan and Pycelle, but I think the show is going to tidy that up by having Qyburn or maybe even the Little Birds do it? They certainly so look like they are [stabbing someone in the previews](http://i.imgur.com/FxEcvcU.jpg). Maybe it's actually Qyburn, the High Sparrow or someone else.    Back to Varys. He's a dead man if he tries to re-enter King's Landing. What strategy would it be going into a city that is already weakening itself on its own?
Good points.   Maybe I'm still picturing Dany walking in the throne room with the roof blown off &amp; it snowing in season 2.   So that explosion has to happen, right?   But maybe the timeline for that is not episode 10.
I think that scene is the future. Why else put it in there with the snow?
I think Bran reveals himself to a young Howland Reed
