Sushi.  I don't see the point in it.
There is no being named Satan.  Satanists are pure atheists.  There are no supreme beings.  Nature is indifferent to us.  The closest thing to a god in our universe is ourselves.  You are at the center of your own universe, and you have the power to change it.
Your girlfriend is rotten to the Corps.
30Rock.  I will get a joke on the fifth viewing that I didn't even hear on the first four.
Usain Bolt winning the Olympic gold in the 100 M is the best athletic performance I've ever seen.
Is Saturday Night Live popular?  Either way, I just don't have the patience for it.
Somehow it's OK to throw around the word "idiot,"  even though clinically that falls below "retarded" in the spectrum.   Next step down is "moron," and that gets used with impunity too.
Eaten sushi.    I'd try it if it was put in front of me, but otherwise the rawness doesn't appeal to me.
People controlling their own cars at high speeds on highways, rather than a computer driving it.
I hate the "you choose to be happy or sad" nonsense.  Tell that to a slave, or an ISIS victim.
Cheating on your spouse is life changing, and almost always for the worse in the long run.
10 great stories...50 amusing anecdotes....200 well timed puns....and 5000 comments that nobody gave a rat's ass about.
Donald Trump said that Sen John McCain is no war hero, because he got caught and imprisoned.    He's said many outrageous things since then - but I think this is where it all started.
Just because it's in a fancy meme doesn't mean it's true.
This is brilliant.  You don't have to peel their whole hand away, just part of it.  I shall remember this.
Ask if they ever peed in the pool.  If they say yes, they're a pig.  If no, they're a liar.
"The Movie Was Better"
Arrogance.  Whether they're a have or a have-not makes no difference.
Reading under a dim light.    That strains your eyes no more than quiet music strains your ears.
If you think Obama is the worst president in US history, you don't know your US history.
This is why we shouldn't elect people who were born on other continents, and then show fake ID.
Saving money at someone else's expense?  At the grocery store, that's called shoplifting.  Brag away.
Men tend to say "uh," and women use "um."  As we get older, the more likely both sexes are to use "uh."
Recreational running.   I understand the appeal for those who like it, but I never did.
I like the Polish,  "Not my circus, not my monkeys" for "Not my problem."
That would scare the devil out of me.
The pack mentality.  How quickly people jump aboard a movement without questioning it.  Social media has made it easier to form a mob than ever before.
That's why I usually say yes, and it's actually an enjoyable day.  I'm referring to when I *can't* do it.
"Coming up...watch what happens when this poor skateboarder's face meets the bicycle rack!"   Um, no thanks.  Hand me the remote.
Clear the microwave timer.  Nobody wants to see "00.06."   And why didn't you just set it for six seconds less, anyway?
Scream!  Man, woman, big, small...doesn't matter.  If I find myself in a situation I can't physically escape, the first thing I'll do is yell my loudest incessantly.  Not only does it attract attention, but I'm unpredictable and not communicating.  I've become a terrible target.
"The best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter."  Winston Churchill
I understand that backstories add additional drama, but if it's truly a competition, all that should matter is their ability.  The fact they were orphaned at age 5 is irrelevant.  Instead, their sad story gives them somewhat of an advantage over those with a more normal upbringing.
To control his language around people it might offend, which includes anybody he doesn't know.
Another life after this one, in a happy place, with 107 billion other people who are also on their second life.
If 5K turned into 40K, then 50K would have grown at the exact same rate.   It's not the bank's interest rate.  It was in treasury bills the whole time.
I'll bet the person who discovered it was also the person who's fault it was for happening, and they covered it up rather than admit the mistake.
A lot of lottery winners fall into this trap.  They buy their way into a lifestyle they can never maintain when the well goes dry.   Nearly a third of large lottery winners end up declaring bankruptcy.
I hate how many people don't recognize addiction as a disease.  They only see the recreational side of using.  "Deny them welfare until they quit."  Would they ever suggest this same cure for cancer patients?
Reagan's two speeches in Japan for $1M a piece immediately after leaving office was very questionable.
Found the upper middle class white guy.
An older person would recognize that the OP's comment was the insensitive one, not mine.
The good parking spaces are actually further from the store, not closer.  The additional hundred steps you walk take very little time.
I compare it to water.
Mass shootings.  I can't think of a place where "it would never happen here."
"I'm not paying what I owe you."
Checking out girls laying by the pool.  Is binoculars crossing a line?
How crazy.  It's acting.  It's like not taking a role in Goodfellas because you don't believe in organized crime.
I liked the finale.  The plot was weak, but it was a way to parade a bunch of the side characters by who made the show so funny.
I recommend watching it again, just like the Sixth Sense.  The second time through it's a different movie.
