I appreciate your response.  It sounds like what I would come up with thinking about it on my own, I just need to be careful I don't agree with you because of my own bias on the subject.  I suspect others with similar views, and hopefully an opposing viewpoint, will add to your response.  Have a good evening bud.
Those aren't salepeople, those are assholes.     It's one thing to be a go-getter salesperson, it's another to be an annoying douchenozzle.  But hey, gotta make that nut each quarter.      Turn those machines back on! Sell, Sell, Sell!
She used to be attractive. I mean she still is but she used to be too.
Pretty sure most TSA workers have failed 95% of all the other tests they've taken in their lives.  How else does one end up with the TSA.
This pervert should do the world a favor and hang himself in his cell tonight.  Not only a child predator but a teacher of young men. Disgusting.       Edit: I'm guessing whomever downvoted my comment supports this man and his actions.  Sad.     Edit2:  Are there that many Trinity kids on Reddit?  What's with the circlejerk downvoting?  You want this guy to be free?  Do you want the court system to pay to prosecute and house people like this?  Any other day of the week Reddit's mindset is that pedo's should get what's coming to them, yet this guy /r/louisville wants to defend?  He's admitted to it all, so it's not a question of quilt.  Do you want this guy on our streets and in our schools?  Judging by the love in this whole thread for this guy, looks like there are a lot of former students defending him.  You are defending someone who is now an admitted sex offender, you realize that right?  An admitted sex offender in the education system, how do you justify that, honestly, plead your case.  It doesn't matter how nice he was to you as a substitute teacher, he's a wolf in sheeps clothing.  Any one of you or your classmates could have been a victim and you're lucky he was found out before something more severe occurred.
The experience of failure is pretty important. Trying something once and failing is okay.  Try it again, learn from your mistake.  If you fail again, chances are if it's something you can do the third time is much more likely to be successful.  You've done it a few times, learned what not to do and thought a lot more about how to do it.  You've probably develop at least some muscle memory and if you're already failed a couple times, you've got that fear out of the way.  A lot of doing something is getting over that initial fear of failure.      It's like trying to ride a skateboard on a halfpipe.  You are going to fall the first time you try it, so it's easy to talk yourself out of doing it.  If you just suck it up, do it, take the fall, you get over that fear and can then move onto overcoming any true physical rather than psychological barrier.
We've quite simply attacked way too many chickens.
That's a frightful thought.  You're probably correct.
Jesus Christ, Gil!  There's just something things you don't talk about in public!
Start saving your caps chiilllllldren.
Moss Def is a really talented heart guy.
That dog is not on a leash.  Savages in this town.
Typical ghosts.
Bunches.  Love would be measured in bunches, of course.
I love lamp.
It only gets harder.  Welcome to Grownupland.
Usain Lighting, I'm sayin Gold!
Garbage article.  They're trying to make you think Mitch was smuggling drugs, as if Mitch has anything to do with the sailors on the boat or much in the way of hands on operations of thr company.      It's like saying Greyhound is for drugs bevause a passenger was carrying a joint in their pocket.      Edit: I don't support Mitch at all, but this story is pointless malarkey.
History of Mental Illness.      History of Moving Violations.     History of Public Intoxication.      So multiple run ins with the law.  You can tell from the history and the waist up photograph this man was a heavy drinker, look how distended his stomach is.  It's as round and beachball.      Celebrating graduation?  A drinker is likely to be drinking at such a time.      An unhealthy man with a history of alocholism and violent behavior (he assaulted the mayor) who recently had heart surgery is just the kind of person you would expect to have another run in with authorities and be at higher risk of death by tazing.  Electricity + a weak heart do not mix.       This family is just looking for a pay day by talking like "make sure their loved one didn't die because something wasn't done by the book".   This is classic legal talk.  If your loved one wasn't an alcoholic and took better care of himself he wouldn't have been in poor health or needed heart surgery and would have been less likely to put himself in the same situations with police over and over and even if tazed, would have stood a much better chance of survival.       Sensationalist story trying to piggyback on the national narrative of police brutality.  This is not one of those cases.
God, thinking about eating that many Oreos makes me nauseous, especially if you only buy Double Stuff.
That's pretty much what I would do, but I'm no lawyer.  Make sure you write into the contract what happens if they don't pay (do you return funds in full or with a penalty) and what timeframe they have, and what happens if they miss that timeframe, extension options, etc.      Also, just wanted to point out, it's "prospective buyers" not "perspective buyers".  They mean very different things.
Good.  Good luck in prison boys, gonna need it.
This guy needs to do a TIFU, seriously.
If your opponents are playing to loose you should be playing tighter and if they are playing to tight then you should play looser.  This generally goes for the table as a whole and against specific opponents.  Obviously you have to adjust to each situation accordingly and there is never a hard and fast rule so this is more of a broad stroke reply.
Thanks for he input.  If they're only taking in 20-30k from roadblocks, that's pretty low.  I know there is a lot of volunteer that goes into it but there are still costs involved.  When you consider those costs (even if they aren't fully 20-30K) there is still a cost incurred due to economic impact from reduced traffic flow and increase chance of accidents.      I'm sure in the past when more people carried more money (cash/coin) there was a higher percentage of donations via roadblocks compared to the overall total donations.  But based off your numbers alone the community actually loses more economically than the donations from roadblocks bring in.      Don't get me wrong, I'm not advoacting people not donate as the Crusade does good work, but it's looking like (again, based on your numbers) that the roadblocks are a step backwards in terms of community advancement.      Would love to hear others thoughts.  Thank you.
Poor thing, dragged off to Petdumb like that.  Such a shame
That's assuming all roadblocks pull in similar numbers (even percentage-wise) to the Fern Creek roadbloack and that those percentages apply to the overall Crusade totals for the year.      While I agree that $750,000 is no small amount of money, the question is what goes into pulling in that portion of the total through roadblocks.  We have to take into consideration all costs associated with those roadblocks, any labor and equipment costs, labor and revenue lost through traffic delays, increase in fuel consumption across the city as a result of traffic delays due to roadblocks, the costs to citizens of any accidents that occur as a result of traffic congestion, and other costs I'm surely overlooking.  All those costs matter when considering the overall community benefit.  If it costs the city, via tax dollars or citizen out-of-pocket, more than is brought in via the roadblocks, then there is a net negative benefit to the community at large.       We agree there needs to be a better look taken at the practice and how it's implemented as well as all the other roadblocks throughout the year.  The Shriners and Crusade I understand but so often we see other people just standing out there with buckets (or boots) looking for change and they often do feel sketchy.  Unfortunately I think the legitimacy of the Shriners/Crusade roadblocks lure people into a false sense of acceptance for all the others (not that they are all for disreputable causes).      I believe we also agree that roadblocks during rush hour are obviously poor judgement on anyones part.  Louisville has enough traffic problems during rush hour to purposely add to that mess.
Oh Darwin, handing out them awards.
You financed a liberal arts degree.      (probably)
If your lease is setup as you describe, that the landlord can change it on a whim, then sure.  If you're serious about an answer though, only a lawyer can really give you the right information.      Depending on the laws in your area you might be breaking one or two in some way and your landlord should be concerned.      But that it's an issue for your roommates, it doesn't sound like you're the best person to be living with.  Don't care about what affects your roommates and don't care about what your lease says or what your landlord says.  Is a poker game worth being homeless over?  Is it worth pissing off your roommates and making for a tense living arrangement?  Is there no where else you can host these games?
I love a good commercial but marketing doesn't move me.  I've never bought a product or service that I've seen marketed.  I've never seen a commercial, magazine ad, billboard, etc, and been swayed to utilize that service or product.      If I have a need for something, I do my research online for what may fill that need and then purchase or build what I need.      The only exception to the above may be coupons, but then only if the coupon is a good value relative to normal price and even then, rarely.  I will utilize coupons for places and things I already buy but that isn't really marketing, that's just taking advantage of a discount for something you were already going to purchase.      It's like Coke and McDonalds.  They spend gobs of money marketing, as if people don't already know they exist and utilize them on some regular cadence.  You either eat fast food or you don't, if you do, you know about McDonalds and Coke and Wendy's.  You're exposed to a lot of these things through your parents habits growing up moreso than marketing.
It's something that not only should be legal, but mandatory.  Business has shown that when no one is looking they will attempt to get away with whatever they can.  Purposely creating an environment of zero transparency is the same as saying we you have something hide.  It's the same for businesses as it is for drug addicts, you hide your bad behavior because you know they're wrong and don't want anyone to stop you from doing them.
You'd still have considerable economic issues.  The blow to consumer confidence would wreck havoc on the US economy and filter through our trade partners, just on a much larger scale than post 9/11.      Then, if NY destruction was a result of an attack (of any sort) there would be a massive mobilization of US military, even a build up of troops and supplies.  This would likely occur throughout the military's of our closest allies as well, depending on the cause said destruction.      Further, it would like lead further to the decline of American influence in the world creating a power vacuum to be filled by who knows who or how.      This is likely the same result that would happen if any major city, think London, Paris, Berlin, Beijing, were to be destroyed.
I may not be the biggest horse in the barn, but I'm still a horse.
What?  I've not advocated secret spying at all.  I've called for transparency on the part of government organizations and watch groups.  Again, since you still don't seem to understand, I am talking about TRANSPARENCY, not secret spying.  Mandatory transparency.  The shit the NSA pulls, that's secret spying.  Governement organizations and watch groups going in for inspections to provide TRANSPARENCY is not what the NSA is doing.  At first I though you were dense but now I suspect you're simply trolling.  I'm not going to keep repeating myself just so you can understand.  Farewell.
Well, it certainly is if she doesn't have kids.
Organs, hell!  Get this kid a piano!
Those aren't kids man, those are little strippers.     You know, midgets.
Perfectly.
Get out of here with your common sense and logic.  You are however, very correct.
God Damn, I love that movie.
Just don't give a shit about being rejected and it'll be so much easier, trust me.  Not every piece fits, not every two people are supposed to get along/be together.  There are lots of other fish in the sea.  If they were your soulmate, they wouldn't turn you down (if you believe in that nonsense).      Just be yourself, don't be a creep, but certainly don't just do it out of the blue.  At least make eye contact from across the room first or something.  You don't just go up and tap a girl on the shoulder to get her to turn around and be like, "I like cheese.  You like cheese too?".
I'm sure it lowers the overall costs for services to some degree.  Fast response times to treat the more common emergencies, lower costs of that response time due to less equipment needed, better survival rate and lower malpractice/lawsuit costs, plus better deployment of the response fleet in general.  Sounds like a good idea to me.
As someone else said, WHOOSH!
Why does it matter?  People die, it's a fact of life.  Most accidents and deaths occur in the home anyway.  Given a home of sufficient age, it's not unrealistic for someone to have died in said house.
It's a much better game when it's played right than with everyone's BS house rules like Free Parking money (all those fees really go the bank, not awarded for landing on Free Parking).      Look up some Monopoly strategy and you'll get a much better appreciation for the game.
Quotes are like rape whistles you know.  They ward off rapists in the real world and pitchforks on reddit.
Sounds exactly what a dad should do.
Pretty wack that their currency has a higher value sold as a novelty than used as actual currency.  You can buy their currency as a novelty but you can't use their currency to buy novelties.
And now you've got internet and video games making it even less neccessary/attractive for kids to go outside.  It's a vicious cycle.  One that starts now as soon as parents can stick a phone or tablet in their kids hands to keep them quite and occupied.
