Clearly not. He just blocks most of the net. That's why Lindback who was only 1" was so good, too.  /s
I won't say we're necessarily the best, but I definitely like where we are now and in the upcoming seasons. We're still marinating and sheltering prospects like Drouin, Vasilevskiy, Erne, DeAngelo, ^^and ^^Gudlevskis and we're obviously having success now. This season's playoffs is actually a bit of a happy surprise for most Bolts fans.
Seeing Gudlevskis would make me happy, but not like this.
People who don't live here (or who haven't visited for any period of time) have no idea just how far out of the way the Trop is from a large part of the Tampa Bay area *and* what a craphole that area around the arena has been for most of its existence. Don't get me started on the Trop itself, either.
He picked us to lose every series. Fuck that guy.
Fuck the non-believers. I'll take some of that pizza if they don't want it.
Better than Uno's, but your question is valid.
&gt;It's enough to make any true Blackhawks fan who lives in Florida   There's your problem right there.
This brought back many feels.
We have so few celebrity supporters. Let us have this one.  Uh...who is this guy, again?
Fuck the last 45 minutes of that game. Shark-level choking.
Considering the jersey rule only applies to 7% of seats, your math doesn't add up.
The revenue the team is getting doesn't change at all and every single playoff game was sold out. The secondary market was certainly impacted, but that's not the Lightning's concern.
SWITZERLAND IS OVERRATED.  SOURCE: JUNIOR YEAR OF COLLEGE
Not a bad choice!
Stamkos is very shy. He does the PR stuff when needed, but he's not naturally extroverted like Ben or TyJo. Still a really nice guy, just not comfortable with huge crowds (from what I've seen).
Lightning 3-2. GWG scored by Stammer. No OT, because that's not how we roll.
At least they've stopped bitching about the ticket/jersey nonsense. #PoopGate is more entertaining.
Fuck that guy.
The nice thing about going to games and watch parties is missing this fucking idiot open his pie hole.
Was a good penalty to take, but definitely a penalty.
Sustr/Carle will cost us the cup at this rate. We can't get the puck out of our zone when they're on the ice.
Loving this reffing.
Fuck those guys.
Bish: FUCK YO COUCH
People constantly underestimate us. To their peril.
Simple statement. We're better on the road. Never said we're a different team, only that we're better. Our record, in the playoffs, reflects that. It basically negates the home advantage teams think they have. See also: Rangers, game 7.
I'm still salty with Hattrick's for refusing TO PLAY HOCKEY ON TV for most of the regular season.
I'd like to say I won't continue to boo Marty next season, but a lot depends on what he does. Everytime I think I've stopped being angry at traitor hobbit, he opens his mouth and says something shitty about Tampa.
Dammit, Coop. I like bats. Not cool :-(
I mean, I could say that the Lightning have won the Stanley Cup every time they made the final. Because 1/1 thus far ^^SHUT ^^UP ^^CALGARY. Yay stats.  What matters is the score at the end of the game tonight. Nothing else.
TyJo really injured. It so shows :-(
Guess I'll blame Carle there.
Tyjo has GOT to come off the PP. Like now.
Vasy should have had that. No excuse.
FUCK NO, IT'S NOT. IT'S POWERING HIM.
I think he'd like that second goal back, but really the whole team was playing differently in front of him without the lead we'd garnered in game 2. This loss rests 95% on the forwards. Excepting Killorn, Kucherov and Paquette they didn't get it done tonight.
As much as I love me some Kristers and I think Vasya has great potential, I really hope Ben feels well enough to play tomorrow.
I think Ben will play tomorrow if he's upright. As the press conference goes on, that's more what it sounds like.
JUST SEND IT ALONG WITH THE CUP. BEN WILL BE ~~DOPED UP~~ FEELING BETTER TOMORROW.
OF COURSE YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT THE CUP. IT'S BEEN 22 YEARS AND YOU'VE FORGOTTEN.
I saw someone at a watch party with this kind of design on a t-shirt. I would buy the shit out of one.
Needs more profanity
He's fucking horrible and has been all season. Many of us have been saying that.
&gt;I have seen Bishop roam about the defensive zone like a lost Corgi before  So true. We need to get him a leash.
Fuck penalty minutes, too.
That's what really burned his bridges here. Most people at least understood why he was upset about the Olympic thing, even if they didn't think he handled it well. But taking jabs at a fanbase that worshipped you for 14 seasons, through thick and thin? Unacceptable and petty.
Kuchy is pissed.
Morrow has been fucking useless all season.
Sustr should not be playing this period at all. AT ALL.  I'll be with my bourbon.
