This makes me so insanely jealous. Gorgon makes my MK eat rocks instantly.
I think they got him wrong in the VO in game. I would have liked to hear more of his multiple personalities. And the demon voice is Khonshu.   He's a great comic to read. The 2015 run of Mr. Knight is good.
Why not make a all time use medkit like D3 has? Unique drop and rare.
Not really. Tried it.
Probably.
You're not the only one. Flooded with rude elitist pricks, 'who should I pick next' threads, and Gaz sucks for no event cryfests.
Posts like this will push people away from the game.   The Mods need to start deleting toxic trash like this.
1. That username is good.   2. I think with the endless events that have been going on for the past month, people felt they should have another. IMHO they should have did all the weekly events this month as opposed to last month and a half. Or do a big 10/a set xp bump that scales per week instead of weekly and getting dumped/set xp bonus for the month.   Hell any of those options are better than the rolling weekly xp.
MK is my main and is an absolute blast. But if youre not into getting punished for the playstyle, then I wouldnt use him for the freebie.
Nope. Sell em.
I feel like she plays the way Nova should play. I just can't get into him at all.
Agreed. The first 6 were phenomenal. But you could REALLY tell the shift on book 7. Now I'm all caught up to 16 I'm ready to see how this ends.   Did you read the secret wars with MK in it?
Yeah. I wasn't a big fan of it. I wanna see what's gonna happen if they push on with it.
What a bunch of aholes..
Spider-Man made his own suit so no.
Kyuss and Sleep are great. Jerusalem/Dopesmoker are amazing.
I'm assuming you know Tom Jones is 75.   Or are you placing Hey There Delilah pre-Delilah?
What a strange thing to ask. Here's an iconic comic book family you probably know about, but don't research the part and don't read comics.   That honestly makes 0 sense to me.
You seem to be in the very small minority.
I feel like Tasky has the potential to be a A-list villain but no one ever uses him to his potential.
MKs nerf wasn't as bad as it was made out to be. We lost some mitigation but gained more DPS from avatar being buffed. Honestly it made the gameplay way more fun.
Apparently I was way off. It was his dad's boxing robe apparently.   But I did read something that said it. But ofc I can't find the source. Who knows.
Second this. I refuse to play anyone else beyond just leveling to 50+ because I absolutely LOVE his mechanics.
Want me to spoil it? It's a fun read.
Yeah that struck me in a bad way, but wasn't it a different writer for that book?
Moon Knight is far from what he wants.
I don't even use it in my current build. Kinda lackluster and CF does more damage with the bleed tick.
Yeah that's why I wanna go with it now instead of later.
Then they should have made it a Matrix from the get-go and not MKI
If you can kill cosmic terms in a timely manner then go for it. If not then having massive amounts of hp defeats the purpose.
Is this high school?
How many posts are you gonna make crying about the same thing?
I'm trying to grasp as to what Gaz owes you. They're providing a FREE game for you to enjoy and you bring nonsense entitlement that they OWE you something.   You act like you're the only one who bought boosts for the weekend (you're not) and got a less than satisfactory leveling experience (you're not the only one). Instead of being pissed about it, why not wait and see what's going to be said and done to remedy the situation.   Edit: I came off soundin like a prick and that wasn't my intention. Everyone is upset like you. Instead of being brash, give it a day or 2.
I'm pretty sure you can get enough shards on the second log in day to get a hero to level to 60 to raid on.
DC is scrambling to catch Marvel at this point. Not including the TV shows in the DCmovieverse hurts them in the long run too.
He's fun, but if you want to buy him I'd say no. Random box like I got him he was a fun level.
I just hope he's not like he was in Secret Wars Journal.
There's a difference between being interested in that stuff and committing murders..
The story explains why there's tons of the same hero.   But seriously I hope this is a joke.
Let's see. You just called the main guy of a game you play a fat moronic slob in so many words and you got banned but claim you're "not surprised"? Give me a break. There's no place for that shit anywhere. Matter of fact, call your boss that and see where you end up.   They don't owe you shit. Stop acting like they do.
Slap subpar gear on a non-Godtier hero and tell me how that works out for you.
They probably realize not everyone is gonna go opening night to see BvS.   Makes perfect sense to me.
Such a slow and boring process.   Story 100% with a MM or a LQ or 2 thrown in.
Not announced yet. And why not play now? Get a hero established.
I hope you're kidding. She had 2 weeks on TC while the rest had a week at most. The less than stellar feedback on Kitty was so bad they basically had to redo a few skills.
Oh chicken little, the sky isn't falling..
Equip relics on any hero to save space. It's not too expensive to unbind them.
Holy shit. I almost wanna join that campaign for Carnage now.
I have a feeling he's gonna be Doom 2.0. Summons tree with a melee side.
So you've been banned since beta. That's neat.
