Am I missing something?  I didn't see a checkmate, I just saw a guy quit.
Oh man, that would be epic!  Wait...NHL players aren't allowed in the Olympics anymore?
I think you meant "A history of being a terrible team with the greatest and most exciting-to-watch running back that ever played the game."
I can only imagine the havoc US defense would bestow upon the opponent.  I'd think it'd be like Sauron during the opening scene of TFOTR.
Just the size difference between the Chinese and Americans would have me cringing for the Chinese before the opening kickoff.
If Suh and Watt were really playing against say, China's team, or Egypt, they very may well kill someone out there.
I thought the trailer for "The Happening" looked incredibly creepy; I was sooo stoked to see it.  We all know how that turned out.
TL;DR:  **EVERYONE STOP BEING EXCITED!  YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO PLAY ARMCHAIR GM, AND SUGGEST TRADE PROPOSALS IN THE OFFSEASON!  HOW DARE ALL OF YOU THINK OUR PROSPECTS HAVE POTENTIAL!!!**
As much as I and probably the majority in this thread would've *loved* to see that, it more than likely would've resulted in the dad with charges as well.
Yeah, I'm just referring to what you said in your comment, though.  You said "beat her ass to a pulp." Which I'm pretty sure you couldn't justify as self defense.  One hitter quitter, sure, but not a prison yard beat down.
You should probably go outside...
I like how the guy who attempted the pass smacks himself in the head while running after the guy.  "Idiot!"
More like a coward, liar, and a "thi-oof!"
Arby's.  Mmmm...beef &amp; cheddar
Exactly.  Wings were a powerhouse during their run, and the Hawks now are always a threat, but when I think "dynasty", I think of Jordan's Bulls in the '90's, '80's Isles and Oilers like you said, or '50's Yankees.
Divorce is profitable if you make less than your spouse.
Well fuck, I actually liked the Kings.
Lol, I'm not even sure.  I was just thinking about how they call Evgeni Malkin "Geno", so I figured it'd be the same.
My guess is you're not funny no matter what you say
I just imagine you reading his comment, then opening up tabs and logging in to stat websites like, "I'll show that fucker", spending way too much time looking it up, then posting your comment, and sitting back, arms crossed, with a shit-eating grin on your face.
This might be the most interesting explanation I've read.  It makes so much sense.
Man, I can't wait for us to get to your guys' level.  I predict some fantastic rivalry games in the coming years.  Long live The Game.
You find it that hard to see?
Fuck it.  Let her think it.  I just imagine all these sinister fucks making these movies, knowing they're intended for children, and thinking, "This'll fuck 'em up. Heheheheheh."
I would think that whatever has happened in their lives to drive them to that point, with the feeling of no hope, that immortality would be even worse, thinking the shit's never gonna end.
That might have been the craziest postseason game I've ever seen.
I like doc too.  Such an energetic old man
I honestly think this sub has the overall best titles for its posts than any other sub.
Tip:  if you're over 30, just exit this thread, or have Wikipedia and YouTube open and ready to go in another tab.
If you're into sports, the 30 for 30's are fantastic.  Bad Boys, The U, Fab Five, Broke, Four Falls of Buffalo are all great.
Lol, that's a lot of googling to try and prove your point.  Agree to disagree, have an intelligent debate, because you come off as a cunt, and no one that is arguing with you is going to say: "OHHHH!!! ***NOW*** I get it!  You're right!"
Get yer logic the fuck on outta here!
It's almost as if yer a cunt. :)
Man, that was a fantastic watch.  Thanks for posting!
Why because they made it to the Stanley Cup Finals, or because they lost the first game by 1 goal, or because they lost by 1 goal in overtime on the road to a fantastic team?  You're a fucking idiot.
That was because the universe hated Hossa for two years. :)
I'm gonna call it; home team wins every game this series.
Sorry, but making it to the SCF is not close to choking.  They weren't known as choke artists because they went to the WCF what, 2 or 3 times ever, and lost?  They were known as choke artists for putting up top numbers and wins, division wins, and high hopes, and getting bounced in the first or second round year after year.  And yeah, getting smoked in the CF the 3 times they went ever doesn't help, but the reverse sweep was icing on the cake.    And I know you're only on the bandwagon, but Jesus Christ...seeing someone with Washington flair talking shit about a team choking is comical.
Bold prediction:  Sharks lose in overtime, then proceed to do their own reverse sweep.
Damn, looking at the replay and seeing dat focus...dudes a beast
I fucking love seeing goalies that go ape shit beast mode on both teams
But the company will still say they didn't make a profit.
Hey calm down, you are free to say whatever you want here.  I'm just telling you you're coming off like a cunt.  Judging by the downvotes of your comment, I'd guess a lot of people feel the same way.
He made the same decision any of us would make it a foul ball is coming near you.  He wasn't the only one trying to get it, there were other people too.  It's funny, had he sat down the whole time and didn't try for it, we'd be talking about another fan that "ruined" their chances.
I would say the Cubs' WS run was ruined by the Cubs playing like the Cubs.
Perhaps that secret society should've taken their English classes a little more seriously.
I'm going to go ahead and agree with you there.
Nah, centers clack their sticks together three times, then go for it.
I like their black unis though
Yep, will probably even be more lenient in the third.  No ref wants a penalty to possibly determine the outcome of a championship
