And you think the Windows "everything's a tablet" approach will be cleaner?  How about iOS?  They're certainly not trying to sell you anything.
Wow, your definition of "works" differs dramatically from mine.
That the Internet thing was just a fad.
Damar would have been more compelling, had he survived and had DS9 gotten another season.  By the time his arc got really cool it was all over.
It's a shame you present things so confrontationally.  Your ideas have merit, but you won't get many people to listen, the way you present them.
Higher than the typical 20-30mg trip report.  I'm curious what it might be like, but I'm a little afraid to try it myself.
I agree that there should be a changelog available on MSDN or TechNet or somewhere else like that, but the "Windows has updated" slideshow is NOT the place for them.  Something that every user must see and cannot skip is not the place for indepth technical stuff.
If I'm going to disable everything on my phone, why keep it at all?  I could sell it and buy a Windows Phone or something, to the same effect (no Google, hardly any apps).
I've heard that a lot, but I've never seen any evidence that this was the case.  In any event, that's not what they are doing now, and not what the people living in there now agreed to when they moved in.  I don't think taking housing away from anyone is the answer, even if the plan is to give a third of it back.  There's lots of buildings that aren't lived in that could be renovated (and probably cheaper, since they wouldn't have to put up the current residents somewhere while they did the work, not to mention the asbestos removal), or a new building could be built.
An article on a forum.  Surely a primary source.  I saw another article in a forum that says that is bullshit, you'll find the link right under this comment where it says Permalink.  And you should never have been allowed into the building without showing ID, we have security for a reason and the guard wasn't doing her job when she let you in.  If you think that is fascist, feel free to show us your disapproval by not visiting.
Spaced apart, it is one of the greatest cliffhangers of all time.  Editing them together as one episode completely destroys an iconic TNG scene, to the great detriment of the episodes.
It's better than any other such thing I've used.  It's not flawless, but it's sufficient for light use.
Hmm, pretty sure Apple could have Trump bumped off, and pay for it out of petty cash.
I don't think they were wearing non-marking shoes.
Can effects be both definitely noticeable and subtle at the same time?  That's the best way I could describe it...definitely there, but somehow more subtle than I'd expected or wanted it to be.  Don't get too hung up on the dose amount...200mg is a lot for some substances, nothing for others, it depends on the substance.
DXM is much much much much much more euphoric than ephenidine.
"Notifications".  It installs itself when you install anything from TV Addons, then pushes near-fullscreen popups begging you for money.  Scummy behaviour.
Too bad we went on this big digression.  Now it looks like I got an answer to my question for any one casually scrolling by.  Guess I'll wait till next week.  :/
Sick of the drama queen posts.  If you don't like it here, go away.  Don't spam our reddit feed with a post every other day about how this or that sucks.  Don't pretend like you're Dudley Do-right, trying to save the community like some methed out white knight.  Just shut up, unsub, wipe the dirt off your boots and leave.
Sorry, didn't realize this sub exists solely for bitching about itself.  Please, carry on with your navel gazing.
Must be nice to be so ignorant, you must not have to worry very often.  I'd rather vaping be able to stand up on it's merits, not something you have to trick people into supporting.  Obviously you feel vaping is so dangerous that we have to distort everything to make our point.
The unspoken assumption there is that we are completely gullible idiots, which is what pisses me off I think.
I love the Doctor, too, I just don't see how he could work as a character without some contrived reason he was forced to stay on, if we're discarding the Delta Quadrant thing. My Voyager would have been quite a different show, perhaps the Doctor wouldn't have been necessary.
Really depends on what doses you want to hit and whether or not you like the taste of propylene glycol (hint: it tastes like cough syrup).
They aren't interested in valid discussion here, this is a circlejerk, not a subreddit.  You'll be downvoted if you don't conform to the groupthink (or if what you say is subtle and people can't immediately determine if you agree with them or not, that's a downvote, too).
And what do I get for pointing that out?  Downvotes.  Thanks for proving my point, stay classy.
Or we could, idk, wait a few months and install the Android app.
The R ought to be Ⓡ, the T ought to be ™.
Small businesses already get a lower fee.  Walmart wants to get in on that, as if they were a small business.
They wouldn't let you leave?  That's some crazy kidnapping shit, you should've called 911 right there.
I wonder if I should go over to that apartment and ask them if they've seen my missing pot of gold.
How many pitbull deaths were there in Quebec over the past 15 years?  I'd be interested to know just how much weight I might expect on my conscience.  Must be at least a few hundred, to provoke this kind of response.
Axe and you shall receive.
This issue seems to escalate every time it's reposted.  I'm waiting till it gets to "INTEL AND ISIS HIDE NUCLEAR BOMBS INSIDE EVERY COMPUTER!"
That's a very interesting and insightful analysis.  Thanks, was nice to read.
Nobody in the government spends even a second thinking about the psychedelic experience, in any way, positive or negative.  They aren't trying to suppress it, it doesn't exist at all in their world.
[When This Is Over](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bV9uABlJGyI) by Hayden.  Definitely the saddest thing I ever heard, absolutely heartbreaking, about two children being murdered and not understanding why.
Different government now, we can't predict how they will respond to this like we could with Harper.  Whatever else can be said about Harper, he was definitely predictable.
Ketchup = Satan jizz.  Got it.
Without a doubt, Shield TV is the best gadget I ever bought.  Every couple months it gets better and better.
Again, I don't see how you can smoke it without holding it.  I think charging him for a bullshit offence is perfectly reasonable given his insistence on charging other Canadians for offences that are equally bullshit.  Why are you willing to split hairs to get him off the hook, when he's obviously unwilling to do you (you, the Canadian people, not you personally) the same favour?
You can't really infer anything here by absence.  I've watched every available moment of Star Trek, and I never once heard any reference to a Cleveland Steamer, but I can't draw any conclusions about Trek or the Federation from that absence.
or you could, idk, pay for the pro version and support the developer.  I know it's anathema here to actually pay for things you use, but it is an option.
I'd love to see Combs play a human starship captain and head up a series.
It was accusations against Wikdd as the head mod who was involved with vending that brought on ResearcMarkets reputation as a scam haven. You obviously bought in to that, which shows how effective a smear can be at destroying the credibility of a sub. I don't think you are the scamming type, but an accusation doesn't need to be true for it to be damaging. You've done a lot of work revitalizing the Etiz scene here on Reddit, I don't want to see that all brought down by some scammer with a few sock puppet accounts bent on smearing your good name.
Beer, of course!
Refugees are fucking hot dogs!?
The English language is a truly majestic thing.  There are literally millions of ways you could describe the behaviour you are talking about.  He could be a subhuman reprobate, or a ridiculous cretin who was a great disappointment to his mother.  There's a whole wide world of insults out there, don't take the easy way out.
Just like Chromecast, it was six months before it got really awesome.  Google does slow burn well.
I'm seeing a misconception here in the comments.  You don't need to have been to war to get PTSD.  Sure, people who have been to war often have some of the worst PTSD, but that doesn't mean people who are exposed to smaller traumatic experiences are immune.  And I suspect most people would find having to examine in detail multiple pictures of dead children who had been starved and beaten to death traumatic to some degree.
