I wish they would just make another game like Generations or Colors. The Boom games just seem like souless beat-em-ups.
They also seem to be incapable of gaining the realization that if you ship a game before it's completed then it's going to be shit.
That dude sucks at taking photos
It felt like a very bland Zelda game. I honestly didn't enjoy it at all.
It's all fun and games until your electric bill goes sky high.   However if he has enough money for this he probably has enough to pay it.
You know this is a repost when they use rage faces. They haven't been relevant since 2012.
10/10 on the swood factor
Mods, this is the one time where it is actually necessary to ban someone.
&gt;I AM NOT POSSESSED  Now you see that makes me think you're possessed.
No ones gonna by a game that looks like that nowadays.
Yeah, but i'm sure sooner or later Peter and MJ are gonna get back together somehow. The whole damsel in distress thing feels played out, i'd rather a superhero couple kicking ass back to back.
I honestly can't tell if this is taking shit to the extreme or if it's brilliant parenting.
Obviously not 616 because we don't have Spideys and Captain America running around. I don't think they've ever mentioned if we have an earth.
The girl Inkling is much cuter imo
I'm pretty sute this is Boku no Pico. Suprised you don't know that.
Why not? Dude, if you could shapeshift wouldn't the first thing you do is give yourself breasts?
Well, you're not wrong.
Not really.
3DS all the way.
This sounds like personal experience.
Please mods make a post about this theory, it's posted every 5 minutes.
The Daredevil outfit looks so funny for some reason. Maybe because for so long ive seen him in his DIY outfit for so long and now he actually looks like a superhero.
LITERALLY UNWATCHABLE
donald duck for president
This could parallel the whole Bill Clinton BJ thing. I don't care who he messages as long as he's a good moderator. If I knew him personally i'd be disgusted but I don't.
Well ever since Spidey became the next Tony Stark I'd imagine it would make criminals easier to arrest. Just as long as they know the person *is* going to do it. As in the person is already comitted to doing the crime. I'm also guessing Peter is going to fund Captain Marvels side.
It really dosen't. Once they start playing this theres gonna be a shitstorm on this sub because Arin is gonna rip on it. Same reason I want them to play Twilight Princess because it's my favorite Zelda but I also don't want them to because Arin is gonna tear it apart.
I agree, but it's inevitable. When Arin shit on Sonic Adventure people flipped out, imagine how it'll be with something as beloved as Ocarina of Time.
This is weirdly hot.
Well to be fair, Eddie/Gargan never were really "protagonists".
Yeah dude, look at him. Those are the eyes of a winner.
Real talk tho, this would be awesome.
Am i the only one getting a zoinks?
There's enough loyalty to go around.
They keep using the same footage. Give us something new.
Considering Ewoks straight up annihilated a stormtrooper army. I think Wicket has more of a shot.
It has that "LOL SO RANDOM XD" vibe to it.
A better version of this is still on the front page. At least check before you post.
People are stupid if they think Peridot is redeemed. She's obviously a double agent and the message to YD was recorded.
Still better than Trump.
How is it possible to be so douchey?
Sorry, I only question sailors
We can be super villains and hold the site ransom.
Such a barren games list.
Honestly didn't expect the end but loved it.
Fish I think.
I feel like this is something Marvel would do. Like, Frank Castle dies during Secret Wars or whatever and Electra takes over the name.
Dude gets off to kids, he should do it.
Ironic considering the game had some of the worst.
Someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
