Well go ahead and give it a try then. Just temper your expectations more reasonably. It has to be a good deal for everyone. The dealer has no incentive to take a trade-in that they will lose money on.
I don't think they are trying to scam you. You got a tax break based on your trade-in value. Basically you only pay sales tax on the difference. However since it was a lease, you don't get this tax break. If it was a dealership that handles leases, this should never have happened. If they don't normally handle leases, then i can understand the mistake.   You aren't obligated to keep the car in this situation, but it's kind of a dick move to not pay the taxes you owe.
Why would you let someone borrow your car for 6 months if they aren't trustworthy enough to have already repaired damage like that?
i've had a couple. Damn good batteries. Interstate's top of the line battery.
yeah. stock tint is inside the glass so it won't hurt it, but better safe than out $250 for a retint.
yeah, i don't think he needs a second opinion on this one but i'll give it anyways. /u/Pretaco is right.
probably not if the bottom is rotten. Good rule of thumb for cucumbers/everything else is to water when the soil is dry to your second knuckle (an inch or so). Maybe more if you don't live somewhere very wet.  Just replant in a new pot with new soil. It's still early enough i think.
it's probably worth it for the two gt86's, but you can't really compare two different makes and models using the same metric.   The BRZ is an awesome car though, the s2000 is just too cramped. I'd go for the subaru.
Quicklubes just use whatever is cheapest by the barrel. Another reason to change your own oil, or be very specific.
yeah, trailers are pretty aerodynamic, and it will reduce the weight load on your cars suspension.
not really if he's using good factory parts that will last. Or you could have someone slap on an el-cheapo cat and it'll last a couple years, not the 16 that the original did.
The oil pressure light came on and you kept driving it? did you atleast check the oil?
compared to a rotary? you really have to fuck up to burn through paint with a DA.
the ACDelco stock one is the best one. You could get a couple years out of an airtex or delphi though. The delphi is the better turd in a warrantied box.
the 300-6 is a tank. Best ford motor ever made.
yeah the rest of the grounds are way cooler.
yup.. looks like a GS400 to me.
Spinners! haha. jk. Get a set of nice used alloys from the next trim level up to replace the steelies. It'll look right and be much nicer.   Most aftermarket hubcaps are worse than the factory ones.
that's not really good advice. If you negotiate hard on the sale price, then throw in a trade at the end, you will end up lowballed on the trade.   Also if you don't say you want financing, a cash sale is assumed.  Not to mention this tactic wastes a lot of time for both you and the salesperson. Usually this equates to a worse deal.
Depends. If you have a car that is worth a decent amount of money, and not great sales skills, it is likely that you will only be able to sell the car for the trade-value when you include the sales tax savings.   Often when i run over the numbers with people, what they would ask private party, and the trade plus tax savings, are the same or very close. And your time and effort is worth something.
fair enough, but if the car is totally wore out, it's going to be worth pretty much scrap value on a trade-in, or at the scrap yard.   And in that case it can be donated and you will get a tax deduction worth more than the car is due to mechanical failures. It's not as hard as one might think.
yeah, i wouldn't put it on the roof unless you plan on reinforcing and redesigning the roof and load bearing walls.
honestly that's a pretty bad idea. Sometimes the computer can make up for predetonation on newer cars with VVT-i, but you will be sacrificing gas mileage, and slowly hurting your car.
yup. That is why it is important for people to vote in their local elections and pay attention to state politics. Everybody gets worked up over presidential runs, but really most of the day-to-day benefits we see come from the states.   And congress is tough these days. They really took most of the good parts of the healthcare act out, so asking them to add a line like that is about as likely as getting them to cut defense spending.
I like it. Looks solid. Those arms look a little beefy for the piece though, if it were me i would shave them down about 1/2 inch along the inside and front edge.
Yeah, subaru's are actually pretty expensive to fix.   Look at a Toyota Matrix as well as the domestics. More upfront cost, but they are pretty damn reliable. They offer the same sort of room in a FWD platform.
Jackhammer, or a reeeeaaallly good hammer drill with rock bits. Like the ones they use for mining.   A jackhammer would be cheaper i think.
This thing hurts my brain to look at. In a cool way like an optical illusion. Good work.
don't buy a performance muffler. Either get a stock bolt on replacement, or go to a muffler shop and have a regular replacement muffler welded on. The latter will be much cheaper, even having someone do the work for you.
most of the AE muffles i've seen are loud. But i'm sure they make a quiet one as well.   That price is really quite good.
sometimes the simplest solutions are the best.
hmm.. i should try that sometime. The acid really is harsh.
Yes it is lifter noise. I wouldn't say it's all that abnormal though. Those overhead cam nissan engines tend to be loud.
Usually you'll want to do them all, but if you're cheap you can do just the one that has play in it.  look at the tie rods while a buddy turns the wheel back and forth and you'll see which one has slack.  If you do just do one, the next one will probably fail soon, and you'll have to pay to have it aligned twice. Murphy's law of cheap auto repair.
this should be higher up. Put a paper towel in it, and replace when you get some out. It'll last quite a long time.
05+ had a redesign i believe. Headgasket failures are much less common than the older ones. Like only 1/10 of the potential trade-in's i look at have bad headgaskets. It's closer to 7/10 on the older ones.
slapping a headgasket on without new bolts, surfacing, etc, is not better than leaving it good if it isn't leaking in my opinion. But whatever floats your boat.
Yeah, while the cars are cool, pretty much any other manufacturer would close down pretty fast if they continued to lose that kind of money. Luckily for them, it's pretty much Elon Musk's baby, and he doesn't seem to care if they make money.
also don't leave it standing up too close to your firepit. That one was a serious oops.
I'm pretty sure it's the other way around. The blowers provided the boost through a roots style supercharger, and the turbo's were mainly to keep them fed with air.
you blew a fluid line.. Don't drive it until you identify which one and fix it. Check all your fluids and see which one is low.  And as far as the coolant goes.. That's generally a bad sign when it goes milky.
Foresters are like crack for people in BC. They are even more popular than in the interior.
On a truck that old, that seems pretty normal. Nothing mission critical there.
yup. Test the radiator cap. Or just replace it. They are like seven bucks.
flex pipe replacement should be under $100 at an exhaust shop. And it'll last for a long time. Get a quote before trying yourself, most of the time exhaust work is just easier and cheaper to have done.
No for so many reasons. Because it's illegal. Because it's a shady practice in a business where people already assume you are shady. But mostly because....  Would you risk losing your job for "X" under the table? What would that number be? $1,000. $5,000? 10,000? Even the most idiotic salesman won't risk his job for a couple hundred bucks.
it's a serious bitch to clean out. Scrubbing everything and then changing filters every month sucks. Black algae only grows in the dark and in diesel. So a car gas tank is basically the ideal environment.
Fuckin eh. My 110 is a hell of a rifle. Basic and no frills, but accurate and reliable.
not if you live in an at will state in the US. You can not show up for one day of work without proper authorization and get shitcanned. Or for basically any reason at all. Vacation time is not a right in the US. Nor is really any kind of sick or medical leave except in certain situations.
you need to give notice to your landlord, not her. Who gives a fuck about her, but you don't want to tell her you're cutting the lease, and then end up having it drag out another month.   You have a contract with the landlord, not your ex gf.
