Mute her. Unfollow or "hide all posts from ..." Options are your friends. Less pushback than defriending or blocking, same practical outcome.
Blocking her might have been the answer, that way you still see what your brother posts.
Report the post, mute the poster. Fuxking disgusting. Or retaliate in kind, send them (privatley) a picture of a shit you are particularly proud of, with a note about  how you thought they would like it as they seem so interested in this stuff etc. See if they get the message then.
Yeah that guy was not a friend, he was an asshole you knew once.
Worst I ever heard: taking a girl to a porn theatre on a FIRST DATE. (Clearly this was years ago when they still existed.) Hope I don't have to explain why that was bad.
I very much want to track this guy down and give him a taste of his own medicine. With the right kind of wire and everything.
Did he think he HAD to join up?
Ask people about their favourite subject -- themselves! Express interest, admiration, and enthusiasm (ideally these will be genuine) and Bob's yer uncle.  It's not hard, most people are really quite interesting.
If it's happened more than once... Is there any possibility you could be bringing these monologues about by being TOO quiet? Some people are made nervous by silence and feel they have to fill it.
You kidding? It was only ever creepy pasta right? RIGHT?
Bee tee dubs, your parents sound like bastards.
What a pair of cunts they must have been. No, what am I saying, cunts are *good*!
Holy fuck, where are these assholes getting the fucking nerve to say this stuff!
That wasn't what I said. If this was on a date, it's an opportunity for the two of them to get to know each other, so presumably, if she were interested in him, she might have stopped talking long enough to ask a question or two. If she NEVER directed the conversation to him, well, kinda looks like she didn't care about what he had to say. The other possibility is that he was *so* silent it unnerved her a bit; lots of people get scared by silence and might jabber to fill it. I mentioned that in a different comment.
Like taking candy from a baby... Wouldn't the baby scream it's fucking head off? Those critters are already incredible sound producers, and quite fond of their sweeties.
&gt;  She would have been believed as a matter of course, I would have been imprisoned on her word alone, convicted on nary more than her say so, and thrown into a concrete box for a decade or more.  This is a bizarre fantasy. It is not how the system works at all.
You know that many too, you just don't realize it (I'm assuming here you have female friends / relatives / women in your life.) It's really common, people just don't tend to talk about it and even then only in circumstances where they KNOW they won't be judged.  Do you know four women? The estimate is one in 4 (or even one in 2!) is a victim of sexual assault at some point, so there you are, you know a rape victim. If you have a mom, Grandma, sister/s, favorite aunt, well based on the odds, one of them has been attacked. If you know 8 women, likely two have been sexually assaulted. Etcetera.   Thinking about it like this might bring it home how shocking prevalent sexual assault is.
I'm sure you're right; was just responding to the ridiculous claim made above.
You're right, sexual assault is not the same as rape, but then again sexual assault is rarely as mild as butt touching; if it were surely the figure would be 100%.
Nope, wrong. I heard about that study too, but this is a figure that predates that one.
Now you're talking -- sounds fantastic!
It's almost like redditors think about sex all the time!
That's the kind of thinking I like!
SO hope you're kidding.
Also, it usually takes women longer, so you might want to start on her first.
She was a fuxking idiot yeah, I kinda thought she was an insulting take on a female character and set up the kind of dichotomy you used to get 20-40 years ago I.e. Woman is helpless/useless/active liability, man somehow overcomes her shit as well as the situation at hand to save the day. Pretty regressive actually. I wondered if she was meant to elicit a reaction from the men in the audience, you know, a bad one.
No, and believe it or not, porn lied to you on that front (and others.)
That edit is a really good point and so very true.
That high self esteem culture thing has actually worked out quite badly for the poor feckers raised in it, who are coming into adulthood and the shocking realization that a lot of what they were told was a lie AND they are unprepared for life's ups and downs. Ironically, it leads to low self-esteem.
Nb the right *kind* of hard work, expended in the right way (because people who work shitty minimum wage jobs work plenty hard and it barely allows them the resources to live.)
Licking pussy is a rarity? Does that mean in your circles getting  your cock sucked is also a rarity? Fair's fair.
That "If they don't fit/ you must acquit" mantra was bullshit then and it's bullshit now. There was no compulsion on the jury or anyone else to acquit based on that alone, which goes x1000 when you consider how the defence manipulated the situation ie getting him to stop taking his arthritis medicine so his joints swelled.
It sounded like you were saying giving  oral to a girl is a rare thing, versus getting oral from a girl which is kinda taken for granted, therefore the girl would/ should be grateful. I'm saying that's not fair, if you don't give you don't deserve to get. What you wrote above, that "the average guy would not do" pussy-licking confirms my original interpretation ie that you think she should be grateful, because it's so rare for a guy to do it (?)  Nb i explicitly asked if both pussy-licking and cocxksucking were rare in your world and was completely confused  by the answer "If more women did that, men would be encouraged to up their oral game."
Apart from anything else, to my eyes it looks like they *do* fit.
That's really smart. Will use.
Jeeee-suz! So the female body *doesn't* shut that whole thing down after all?
You sound like a wonderful dad. Your house must be filled with joy.
Right, because resources were scarce and if you missed out no one would care or notice, sounds rough.
I did not. Was being sarcastic.
You should write a book.
I'm not suggesting it was a *rational* fear, just the kind of fear a father might have clutch at his heart. I would, in his shoes. (Also, he had no way of knowing when the draft would end.)
Yeah I bet it would be challenging piecing it all together... but dang it *I* would buy that book!
THe fact that other people have it worse does nothing to alter this guys story. Also, it's the law, that minimum wage. They were breaking the law, to his detriment and apparently expecting him to go along with it.
What did they *think* they were doing? Did they think people were not generally aware of the minimum wage or what level it was? What did they think that you would have thought gave you a reason to stick around? Like, were they selling it to you as a management trainee position or something?  Also, did you ever get paid for that shift? (Or, even better, did you don them in?)
You're right about the facts, but unpaid interns get exploited nonetheless. Also plenty of shady employers fiddle the system to get around it somehow.
That sounds awesome, you could read, draw, study, play guitar, apply for new jobs and get paid for it!
No, sadly, or the old bastard would be on trial/ in jail.
Completely agree.
&gt;He would sign them up for cards without their consent and make current employees sign up for them  How is either of these things legal? You said he got fired, so I guess it caught up with him, but what did he *think* was going to happen?
That fucking bastard. I hope he goes the same way, the evil fuck.
