To be fair, writing and drawing stuff by yourself helps boost your memory.
I can imagine you making the kid lick them up and reassemble the cube.
Come to the neutral side of the colors, you won't regret it!
It's kinda click-baity, tbh.
Odd. You might've used too much - I lube my cubes with 100% silicone and makes them wonderful.
That's fantastic advice, IMO everyone getting into CFOP should read this thread.
Coming from Beginner's Method, CFOP is the easiest progression towards speed and efficiency. Roux is fantastic, but it will be pretty much like learning it all over again - which isn't so ~~bead~~ bad because you need way less algorhitms and also haven't cubed in a while, so there's a high chance you won't be mixing up methods.
- Faster  - Easiest   Pick one, tho
Congrats! Love the cap!
Nooooice, fam! I gove you less than a week to break through the 60's!
Different strokes for different folks, then. I had tried a couple approaches and his is what clicked the most, despite the style.
Good call!
Meiying is a FANTASTIC cube. Very fast and stable. The stickers are top notch and the color scheme is very bright, I love it. The Gans 356 is definitely one of the best cubes out there, too.
Need to step up my game now.
It happens to me sometimes - one of these days I was constantly smashing my averages, it's crazy. As far as PLL goes, my suggestion is that you learn about one per week, and drill each one until they're natural. Start with easily recognizable cases containing full bars or headlight sets (like H and Z, for example), and check out www.algdb.net to find algs that work well for you.
"Impressive" is an understatement, IMO.
I'd say OLL, then. One-Look is the way now for ya, IMO
You took advantage of the situation and made it happen. Damn right you should be proud of it, and not guilty at all.
There's a reason why they're a substitute teacher.
It works wonders, for real.
Definitely worth it. Might take a while to get used to them, but you'll have a blast.
Says who?
Thankfully you're not our Lord and Savior Leo, so your rudely expressed opinion doesn't really matter to OP, I supposed.
My feelings, precisely. I mean, this topic has indeed been discussed before and whatnot, but it has sparked some fine discussion overall. I'm cool with this post.
Bowtie OLL friggin' hate that regrip and y2 combo.
Nice! Keep practicing, F2L and Cross are things that always need improvement, regardless of your averages.
You clearly never had cats.
Android? Try Twisty Timer. Many people sing high praises about it.
Getting good at F2L can easily get you under one minute average.
Probably magic.
They're not smartphones, lol. They will either suit one's turning style well or not :P   AlgDB is an amazing source, nonetheless.
Noooice, GJ! Keep practicing and you'll be sub-30 in no time!
It does look cool, but gaaaaah, those M' slices tho, doesn't flow well to me :| all the whole I love doing the Na Perm, even though it takes forever to execute, lol.
Woop-dee-doo, beat my Ao12/50/100 (Sib-29 hype!)
Just how high are you, OP?
Make an unofficial comp. Problem solved.
You see, *now* we're getting somewhere. I'd trade an official PB for a Drunk MultiBLD at anytime.
Force yourself to use the easiest cross available. It's super awkward at first, but very doable as well. Unlimited inspection time, as well as not timing yourself is mandatory - you just got to force yourself into learning to recognize new pairs.
Doesn't sound uh... Feasible to me. Dunno, could turn our surprising but AFAIK it shouldn't turn out nice.
I think you overtensioned it, OP.
CFOP is a tool, and a rather efficient one while we are at it. Can hammers be lame? Nah. Can people make lame, boring use of them? Yeah.
The 70s called and they want their jokes back.
You misspelled parody algorithm.
Slow?   Your F2L must be godly.
Don't think so. Cyotheking is the best when it comes to PLL videos.
Next step is practice, and the one before it -  the step you should focus in for a while - is more practice.
You're correct. It sounds like such a counterintuitive strategy at first, but slowing down allows you to cut pauses off from your solves, and this pays back with an effectively faster solving time, even though it may not feel like it.
You're correct. It sounds like such a counterintuitive strategy at first, but slowing down allows you to cut pauses off from your solves, and this pays back with an effectively faster solving time, even though it may not feel like it.
I love your flair so much.
I call it selective myopia.
