How dare they take children to a theme park run by the world's largest purveyor of children's media?
Wow whoever you traded with got screwed.
It's not a touch screen, but I love the design of those old easel displays. If I were you I would still try to buy it :p
Wow that sucks.  But hey, at least it's still a marginally better investment that setting a stack of bills on fire.
&gt; He must have thick fucking skin  If I was making the kind of money he is, I wouldn't care what people say about me either.
Yeah I guess you're right, I didn't think about it like that.
I didn't say they're necessarily better, I said they're preferred.  A lot of programmers prefer Unix, and OS X is the most well supported Unix OS out there.
I don't understand why people are so adamant on defending this guy.  I would think people would be against child molestation no matter who did it.
I had to look her up on Wikipedia because I had never heard of her before. I don't know much about that situation, but if she molested her sister than she deserves the same amount of public shame.
Yeah, I'm sure no one in the audience at the World Wide Developer Conference cared about changes to developer account.
Most average users are going to use the service that came with their device.  Average people know that Apple and Google's services exist because the device asks you to make an account when you set it up. As far as I know, no phone or other device out there prompts you to make a Dropbox account.   I'm not saying Dropbox is an inferior service, I'm saying that average people are less likely to know it exists, so Dropbox needs to work harder than the others. If Dropbox were built in to some popular OS, I'm sure it wouldn't be as cheap.
Apple insists that having the apps open in the background doesn't harm performance at all.  If they made a "close all apps" button, they would be going back on that.  Apple hates admitting it was wrong.
It looks more like alcoholism.
The British version of his show is way better than the American version. It doesn't have that stupid drama music, and feels more like a documentary since he's narrating, rather than the smug idiot who narrates the American version.  All of those little touches make it feel like he's actually trying to help the people run a better business, rather than just making a TV show.
Yeah, I agree.  I mean, I'm all for being inclusive whenever possible, but only when it makes sense.  Maybe they have homosexual relationships once you get into the wasteland?  You're right that in the prewar fallout world, it would be as frowned upon as in the 50s.  But I could see people loosening up given the whole end of the world thing.
Having a cylon next to the UFP seal just seems wrong though.
Is that really what Sony calls their smart watch?  That's really shitty branding.  They probably can't even trademark that.
I do love their approach, because for a lot of the cars people think of as terrible, it's really only because it's supposed to be the cheap model.  Now, cutting corners isn't necessarily good, but it's far more egregious if it's done on something that isn't the budget model.
That's debatable. I personally don't consider what he or any other rapper does to be real talent.
Well I hate to help validate a TRP argument, but he is kind of correct- the labia and the scrotum form from the same fetal structures, as do the ovaries and testes.  Obviously one isn't *better* than the other, rather they branch from the same origin.
Steve Jobs wasn't a genius because of revolutionary technical ideas, he is a genius because of his ability to look at the available technology and make it something everyone wanted to own.  The iPod is a great example of this.  Before the iPod, there were plenty of MP3 players on the market.  All of them were ugly, clunky devices with unintuitive software to match.  The iPod was easy to use, and came with decent PC software, not to mention the legendary marketing campaign.  The iPod marketing campaign was so successful that simply having white earbuds was a trend, and other companies started packing in white earbuds to follow suit.  Even though they haven't run an ad like that for years, if you showed people a picture of a silhouette of a person wearing white earbuds, they would probably correctly identify it as an iPod ad.  It was the same with the iPhone.  The iPhone wasn't the most capable or powerful smartphone on the market, but everyone wanted one because of how easy and *fun* it was to use.  If you want to see what I mean, go back and play with a Palm Treo or a Blackberry Bold.  The iPhone made the smartphone accessible and desirable to people who had never wanted a smartphone before.  It changed the game, and pushed the old kings of the smartphone world to the fringes of marketshare.  None of the products Steve Jobs led Apple to produce were technically impressive, the technology has existed for years in many cases.  What made it genius was execution and marketing.  Apple had (and still has) the ability to take technology from the niche and make it desirable by the masses.  Steve Jobs fostered this ideology, and that is why he is considered a genius.
I enjoy SimCity and Cities Skylines. There's no reason to hate one or the other. In my option, they're both good games.
By that logic, London should have a statue of Harry Potter because he saved the world from Voldemort.
One day the world will listen to us black mages.
There's really nothing that's a spoiler in his post.  The only thing that has spoilers is the link, but if you care about spoilers and don't know to not trust links then I have no pity for you.
That guy is totally not a Romanian click farm
I have a feeling it's more to do with reporting than anything else.  If a person commits suicide in the middle of a remote jungle, it's possible that the body would never be found.  They would just be missing because no one knew what happened to them.
I'm amazed that they still don't think Barrack Obama is a Christian given the negative press he got during the 2008 election when the pastor of the Chicago church the Obamas attend said some horrible things in a sermon.
Yeah I won't be buying an Oculus simply because I wouldn't touch Facebook with a 50 foot pole.  I don't care what the organizational structure is, I'm not going to feed that horrible machine.
The Avatar extended edition made it a much better film IMO.  Most of what was added in was character plot stuff, like the extended intro on earth or the bit where they visit the school.  I hope an extended edition of The Force Awakens is the same situation, because as a film, I enjoyed it but wasn't really blown away.  The Force Awakens had a lot of flash and obvious references to the original films, but little else.  I walked out of the film unsure of why I should care about these new characters because the film told me almost nothing about them other than that they're the good guys.
Why do so many people have Jony Ive?  I love most of his designs and he's also kind of sexy.
It is racism because of the way they're using these arguements.  They don't necessariy care about all immigrants, just the ones from Mexico (Trump's Great Wall of America for example).  They think it's okay to bar specific groups from entering the country because a terrorist could slip through, like with the Syrian refugees.  Or weeding out terrorists with racial profiling.  How high do you think the chances of a guy named Mohammed getting extra screening at the airport are compared to a guy named Bob?  Racism is broad discrimination against an entire race of people, which is exactly what the anti-immigration and anti-terrorism policies end up being in practice.
It just means that black people have been on the road to having their rights respected longer than 100 years.  100 years ago, being gay would get you institutionalized, homosexuality was considered a mental disorder.  200 years ago, a white man marrying a black woman would have been seen to be as ridiculous as him marrying a cow or a chicken by the vast majority of people.
&gt; a "de-transition" clinic in Belgrade has had "1,500" inquiries.   I bet a good number of those are also from the unaccepting parents of kids who might be trans.
I'm sorry, I don't usually do this, but it just bugged me too much.   In all the places you used "hole", it should have been spelled "whole".
It's like he did the whole thing in character as David Brent.  The joke had that same feel as something inappropriate said in front of coworkers.
You're probably not going to find a genuine one for much less than Apple charges.  Most stores don't discount Apple products unless it's clearance or a big sale like Black Friday.  If you can't wait for a sale and need it now, you may as well buy it from Apple.   If you can wait a while, Best Buy sometimes sells open box chargers (usually ones someone returned because they bought the wrong connector or wattage)
Wow if that's true, then he's an idiot.  I doubt Firaxis will let him in on that information anymore now that he's leaked it.  Kind of like how Apple stopped inviting Gizmodo to events after they leaked that stolen iPhone prototype.
I could see companies sharing game release dates before announcing it to the public.  They already do this with movies, studios share release dates with each other in advance as a courtesy so other studios don't inadvertently release same genre films on the same day.
When I read that, I pictured B-Rad from Malibu's Most Wanted.
I think the Verge probably didn't work because they use that horrible web layout meant to mimic an "app".  The web has become pretty infuriating now that web pages are overriding touch gestures.
I would be at war with everyone.  Missionaries from the AI's heathen religions are shot on sight.
You're right, but I still think it's hypocritical for trans people to be against gay rights.  Their struggle may be different, but they face similar adversity.  However, Jenner's case is worse, given that she is now presenting as a woman attracted to women.   Jenner may not want to think of herself as homosexual, but by definition she is a lesbian.  The gay rights that she belittles in public affects her whether she likes it or not.
I didn't notice it at first but you're right, just the second sentence in is this run-on beauty:  &gt; Well, technically, it released Mac OS X into the wilds with its public beta program, but since this preview version of OS X was codenamed “Kodiak,” a species of bear found in Alaska, I think I can be forgiven for spicing up the opening sentence to an article about an old beta version of an operating system.  I can just hear the creak of the teacher's desk drawer sliding out as they reach for the red pen while reading that.
Is Brazil considered developing?  From what I've seen, it looks pretty modern.  I mean the only thing that would prevent me from living there is the fact that a Playstation costs like $1000.
That's because most of the wealth is only in the hands of a few people.  Most of the Arabian peninsula is highly unequal.
I don't know if it has time.  Once the oil money is gone, all they'll have is a bunch of empty buildings with no money to run the lights, fountains and air conditioning.
I think that describes all tourist areas.
I'm pretty sure Esperanto is only spoken by like five linguistics professors, so it makes more sense to use the languages that most of those maintaining the standards speak.
This isn't just unethical, it's theft and could get you and possibly your friends banned from the theater if you get caught.
