I actually think it's brilliant in a meta art sense. There's always a larger commentary being made in an art project this big, and the fact that these images were effectively stolen is part of that message. There's the whole "living in public" social media angle, the voyeurism angle, the "authentic private moment made public" angle, the copyright angle, the question of whether we own anything in the Internet age including our own image, as well the beauty of taking something transitory and almost meaningless like an Instagram post and turning into a lasting work of art. I'd really like to hear from the artist.  I'd also like it if the artist, his point made, gave half the money to the original owners of the photos.
Yep. Should have replaced Jon. I have no idea who the new guys is, but John Oliver was a perfect choice.
If only America went after wall street criminals with as much vigor as they go after steroid users in baseball, refs who rig NBA games, corrupt European soccer officials, NCAA football championship designations, etc.
Shitty spelling aside, what is it with Americans - especially the right, but not entirely - vilifying the politicans they disagree with to such idiotic extremes. Obama is Hitler. Obama is a secret radical Muslim. Obama is coming for your guns! Obama is a socialist. Obama is bringing in Sharia law in the U.S. Obama is a traitor. Obama is a dictator. Obama is Illuminati. Obama is a lizard. Obama is the Antchrist.  It's natural to dislike politicans from parties you don't support, but I can't think of any democracies where dislike amps up into such intense, polarized, unreasoning, unrepetent hatred! You don't like a politician, you vote them out. It's not some some endless battle of good vs. evil where the soul of a nation is at stake, it's a four year term at the head of a massive bureaucracy with a ridiculous number of checks and balances, followed by another four year term.
Agreed on the LPC getting killed again, although you'd think they'd have learned something by now. I would not make it a full merger, I would only make it a temporary coalition with a handful of goals - including bringing in proportional representation or ranked ballots and conditions for calling the next election.
You'll be thinking differently on the eve of the election when the CPC is sitting at over 35% and the returns start coming in. I'm not saying this should be a permanent coalition of the centre-left, but a temporary measure with one purpose - to bring in proportional representation and end this situation where less than 40% of voters are choosing our government.
Seems weak and does nothing to address organized crime or raise taxes for education and health care. This is the only issue where the LPC have the lead. If legalization is inevitable, the same way gay marriage was inevitable, then stop dragging feet.
PR win? They could have done this a few years ago when the issue came up.
We're still too far out for the polls to matter, and the Cons always make a strong comeback in the last month. Plus, their followers actually do come out to vote, while the natural constituency for the left - students, young people, immigrants, urbanites - stays home. 4 out of 10 people don't seem to give enough of a shit about anything to take an hour out of one day every four or five years.
You're getting the Cup back. Four first overall picks in six years will see to that.
I really think that most people are naturally polarized to consider two choices at a time - this or that, in or out, on or off, do or don't. When it comes to politics, they want a simple choice - and luckily the LPC is making it simple to vote for one or the other. No nuance or equivocation, which is all the LPC seems to offer these days.
I'm more referring to things like health care, education subsidies, the social safety net for workers and seniors, etc., which all parties support to a certain degree. However, I'd suggest the NDP platform (past and the things Mulcair has said) is a little stronger on those things than the other parties.
Mulcair: I will vote against C-51 and repeal it if elected. Trudeau: I will vote for C-51 and will repeal parts of it if elected.  Mulcair: I will bring in proportional representation. Trudeau: I will create a committee to discuss the possibility of changing to an alternative of first past the post.  Is it any wonder the LPC is getting creamed in the polls? Do Trudeau and the LPC believe strongly in anything?
Just curious, but why would you saw Obamacare has turned into a disaster? Most of what I've read suggests that while it started out as a disaster, it's actually been quite successful - more people are insured, medical costs are rising more slowly, people aren't being denied coverage, etc. - and getting more successful as time goes on. It's not a universal or single payer health care system like every single other country in the OECD offer its citizens, but surely it's better than the past?
I'm not saying he hasn't done anything, just that he hasn't done or said anything of consequence that has had any effect on the polls. The voters want some red meat and he's giving them broccoli.
Fictional quasi-sport - Quidditch is the dumbest game ever conceived. 150 points for catching the snitch, "the team almost always wins"? Why not have a 50-point shot in basketball, or a 30-point kick in football. JK Rowling is a great writer, but not much of a sports fan.
Given the birth rate, and especially teen birth rate, on reserves, it's fair to say that we're letting down one of our most vulnerable populations when it comes to reproductive health. Are we making it too hard to get condoms? Are we not teaching sexual health at a young enough age? Are we not making the knowledge and resources available? Are we letting religious leaders who don't believe in contraception call the shots? (For the record, the current pope is actually on record advocating for smaller families, but still won't approve of contraception.) Seems like an easy issue to fix with education and an investment in health care.
I honestly don't think our licensing program for trophy hunters takes into account other things that can impact wildlife populations - food scarcities, accidents, poaching, etc. All it takes is a bad couple of salmon runs, a few poachers and a couple of trucks at the wrong time and suddenly we go from a "healthy population" to an endangered one in a given area. I understand that these hunts do raise money for conservation, but I find that a little offensive - we really can't find money to preserve something rare and beautiful unless we allow people to hunt a few of them?
Soccer is one sport where statistics make the winners fairly easy to predict most of the time, but anything can happen - home crowds will help, and might influence a few refs as well. Whether they can upset three games in a row is left to be seen, but I'm hopeful!
Meanwhile you can't have a flat surface of brick or concrete anywhere in Canada that doesn't get tagged by young shitheels who confuse their elegant squiggles with artistry, and this guy's portrait is just sitting there, begging to be vandalized. If government won't force its removal, somebody needs to do something.
I'm more speaking in terms of cultural use of First Nations symbols and culture than an actual political change. Obviously some things are a little more difficult here - lack of treaties, the fact that there are so many different First Nations languages, etc. - but celebrating First Nations in a symbolic way will have a huge impact on the way they're viewed and view themselves on the national stage. The hakka at rugby games has nothing to do with treaties and everything to do with pride. I'd like to honour our own First Nations the same way.
The problem is that the stock market, and the need to post quarterly profits, forces short-term thinking on companies that might otherwise take the long view. They need more revenues, and they need them now to keep shareholders happy - and ensure their own share holdings keep their value. However, I think an honest announcement - "the media landscape has changed drastically, and it's clear that we can't go back... this is what we're doing to move forward" - would go better than they expect, and prevent shareholders from jumping ship.
Still, Google Fiber could have started in New York, LA or Chicago where there's enough population density to justify the investment, but instead I think they chose Kansas. If they can make a go of it in smaller markets, then I imagine Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal should be relatively easy.
And, by benefiting the wealthy, it also robs the federal government of billions in taxes, which has two outcomes - the rest of us pay more taxes to effectively subsidize a tax break for the rich, or our country slashes programs that help lower incomes while sinking further into debt. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Nobody asked for this, nobody needs it. The NDP and LPC oppose it, and hopefully will turn it into an election issue.
Shouldn't stop you from making it federal policy and trying to make a change. I think the provinces would agree on a lot of different things, including what to do about the senate, if given the chance - and as long as they don't use that opportunity to try to force through a lot of other things, and stick to the issues.
Reddit answers are more entertaining.  And besides, there seems to be a few different theories floating around. Sometimes on askreddit you get an answer that is better than anything else out there.
Values. Biden and Sanders share a lot of opinions on the working class and the same vision for America. Just watch his speeches from the last time he ran in 2008.
Adam Driver's acting was first-rate. The way he presented his internal conflict, and lack of confidence in his powers, was amazing. Darth Vader was scary because you had no idea what he was thinking or feeling, but when Kylo Ren's mask is off he's a hot mess. You almost feel sorry for him. As to why he took the mask off earlier, the scene where he tries to draw out Rey's memories works way better with a face.
A small but important step in the right direction.  I'd like to see Canada become an R&amp;D powerhouse, leveraging our excellent schools, and managing patents and innovation for a net benefit. The return on investment is huge.
It shouldn't be, we're far too trusting. A few case workers and investigators watching wire transfers and making random calls would probably uncover a lot of these scams.   I hope anybody who used these services is on a flight home soon. There are lots of immigrants and refugees far more deserving of Canadian citizenship. In my view, if you cheated to get here, you're probably going to cheat once you're here.
Inflated ego? Check  Overblown financial credentials? Check  Complete lack of empathy? Check  Doesn't think before he speaks? Check  He could use a few ex-wives and a bad toupee, but otherwise O'Leary passes the Trump test.
Harper was at least somewhat capable of nuance, and changed his mind about things once in a while. Trump and O'Leary don't have it in them to see another side to any issue.
I think the better plan is the Canadian one that would involve refining the oil here and selling processed gasoline in Canada, the U.S. and overseas. China would still be a customer, but in the event of a nautical disaster - which is a virtual certainty over time - gasoline is far safer for the environment and easier to clean up.
Because of the value of the dollar? You'd really move to a country  with 64 million people, essentially twice Canada's population, jammed into an area two thirds the size of British Columbia?
Trudeau's position is that we may not have a choice - if we're not in the TPP then it stands to reason that the other countries will trade more with each other and Canada will miss out on any of the benefits of those open markets. We lose if we join, we lose if we abstain. And if TPP doesn't happen at all, China will continue to benefit from the uneven playing field they've created, and we all will lose eventually.   In that light, TPP could be a good thing if it were written by governments for the betterment of the people instead of by corporations for the betterment of themselves.
I hope I'm wrong, but overall polling is stronger for Clinton outside of the primary states and in the end the winning candidate is the one with the most national delegates at the convention. You can win the early primaries in Iowa and New Hampshire and still lose.
You could make the programs revenue neutral and ensure that every cent goes where it's intended rather than government coffers.
GST isn't regressive, it's entirely based on consumption - the more you spend, the more you pay. If anything it's progressive.
Raise rates? There was a bit of an economic boom after 2010 that lasted until the oil crash, and nobody would have batted an eye or been bankrupted if rates went up to 2% or higher during that time. After the 2001 crash, interest rates fluctuated between 3% and 4% and the housing market didn't crash, or the bankruptcy rate explode.
Please don't pretend that economic experts and business journalists - people who do know what they're talking about - are united in their support for the Bank of Canada, there have been lots of criticisms about the lack of action and the impact that low rates have had on housing prices and debt.
We need a word for things that approach a Gilliamesque level of awesome. Gilliastic. Gilliacular. Progilliar. Gilliesque.
It's hard to create carnage when you're driving at a third of the legal limit, enjoying the branches of the trees overhead.
Decriminalization is NOT the answer, it doesn't create taxes, regulate the industry and distribution, curtail organized crime, or lead to any of the real benefits of legalization - it just saves courts and the police time and money.
Squeaky wheel, no disrespect intended. Breast cancer outraises colon cancer 10 to 1 because of the people involved and their ability to organize. Men tend to think of suffering as our duty, and honestly probably never joined the dots between all of the fatalities and disappearances because they weren't organized.
The idea of filling out a form in this day and age is ridiculous. Put everything online and automate - only people who have changes to make or things to add outside of regular employment should have to file anything.
If there's a lesson here, it's to tell all the land developers out there to start building up and leave our farmland alone - food security, and maintaining the ability to grow our own food even if the economics don't work for the current generation of farmers, is a more important long-term goal.
I would say they've been completely consistent - the LPC was always leaning towards yes on the TPP, but agreed during the campaign to make the contents transparent and to review the details.
Moral judgements and anti-nuclear proliferation. The world, and especially Israel, really didn't want the Supreme Council of the Cultural Revolution to have the bomb.
Wideman said he didn't see the ref and couldn't avoid him, not that he wasn't seeing clearly after the hit:  http://www.sportsnet.ca/hockey/nhl/dennis-wideman-on-linesman-hit-i-couldnt-avoid-it/  The thing is, he could have absolutely avoided him, and he definitely shoves/crosschecks the ref to the ice - and then skates off. When you accidentally bump into a ref you try to catch him, and you apologize after.  I think he was pissed off and overreacted. There might be some head injury involved, but he kept playing and didn't say it - even though it was probably the only excuse to save him from a suspension.
http://www.sportsnet.ca/hockey/nhl/dennis-wideman-on-linesman-hit-i-couldnt-avoid-it/  If it was an accident then he would have tried to catch the ref and then apologized after - he had lots of time to miss the ref, and definitely makes a pushing/cross-checking motion. I think he was pissed off after the hit - and maybe concussed a little - and he wanted to go the bench but the ref was in his way.
