Lel I think you meant to post this on /r/soccer
I agree but that was during the knockout stages. The group was incredibly boring though.
Not sure what Arsenal have to with a discussion of Juventus' and Milan's relative successes.
Good job trying to derail this thread, you both are very funny with your original comments.
This was one riveting tale!
What do you think will happen? You can't get to be smug about being right if you never make a prediction.
Yes! Absolutely right. By far the worst of the year I think haha
I liked Monreal versus United.
Completely agree with you 100%. We really do need a 2nd Coquelin and another striker to aide Giroud. Walcott can work but it leaves our right wing very sparse.
I mainly use my brain.
BETTER
Arsenal Cesc = Real Madrid Ozil
Fabregas is not too bad, being honest.  It's more memorable because of his goal on that shirt versus Milan too. I wouldn't mind. Fuck Ade however. This goal versus Liverpool was amazing though. Fuck that year was a Rollercoaster.
I love Aronofsky but that movie wasn't good at all.
The anus was pretty good for Man City.
Japanese men cucked by a gorilla. Not even surprised.
Agreed. No one ever thought Marco Fabian would be the future of Mexico and he hasn't "panned out" yet as he is only 25.
Career hasn't panned out yet, he's 26 and still one of the first names on the team sheet.
I think you are confusing trequartista with fantasista and regista with barista.
Good one actually. I'll do this and also not read threads about them.
I reckon it's Ruben Loftus-Cheek vs. Man Utd this last match day.
Repressed memories are the most painful
Rest or not, I think he needs to be dropped at least for one game. He's been playing quite poorly for about a month now.
Fabregas is the new Gourcuff now
They're just a shit Liverpool.
False 9, the classiest of all strikers, right?
&gt;Unreal arrogance  &gt;Chelsea  No surprise at all
This is more of a $100 question.
He's not wrong, though.
Seriously doubt he lives in Madrid or even Spain. Not that it matters.
That music was weird.
Need to burn those tendy calories
Slaven is an amazing coach, everyone should have expected you to do well. At least I did.
Didn't lose to a good team? Liverpool must have been massively shit then. Such an insult to West Ham.
/u/NickTM is a wonderful poster, you must admit
Honestly, you can shower every other day if you shower properly, clothes are clean, and you don't exercise.
lol, that's pretty disingenuous of the OP to choose when in Benitez's career we can criticize him.
That's unbelievable. Another month of this level of play, Neville might not even make to the end of the season.
I feel like him choosing Moyes had a lot to do with him also being Scottish. He probably saw himself in Moyes a bit.
Same. I'm glad they are shit when dealing with transfers.
Why do you keep going on about teens and kids? You have no idea how old a particular commenter is.
Kek, this is actually true
If it helps you fall in love
Last paragraph was spot on. Serie A fans after every English team lost in Europe would say how shit English teams were and all other fans from other leagues would join in.
I know you're just trying to make a joke here but honestly this is a good thing. Would rather face Barcelona now than in the later rounds. You find out now if you are good enough to win the CL instead of playing other weaker teams and possibly finding out in a later round after having the team tire itself out for another month
What are you on about? He has the most upvotes in this whole thread. We want our players to do well of course but are under no illusion they will always be successful. We know Raul Jimenez is very inconsistent. No need to characterize all Mexicans.
Maybe he was but there's still no need to make generalizations of Mexicans. It would be stupid to say that Portuguese downvote any criticism of Mourinho and Cristiano Ronaldo. Don't stoop to that level.
Let's say the comparison shouldn't be made. It's not fair to then say Mexicans downvote everything that criticizes their players and up votes everything that praises their players. That's the whole point of this conversation. I don't think your example of someone mistakenly making not the best comparison, in your eyes, is proving that.  Lastly, there WILL be people who deliberately and unironicallly make ludicrous statements due to their bias. Every country has those fans. Kane will win the balon d'or in 3 years and lead England to a World Cup, Martial is as good as Henry ever was already, Hazard is one of the top 10 all time best players. There's a lot of stupid shit that gets said and gets upvoted. Drawing inferences from those statement is stupid in my opinion.
It's comforting to know that no matter what happens at the end of the year, it won't be as catastrophic as that series of events
I reckon farms worth of pigs
