By a Japanese(-American) guy, as a modern spin on a Japanese custom. Surely they'd be considered Japanese as well.
I think I made my initial point unclear. I don't mean to call if specifically one or the other. It can be both American and something else. Fortune cookie, strong Japanese influence, geographically invented in America and adapted to American tastes. I'd say it's both, because on one hand it's strongly based on the dish of another culture, while made in the US. It detracts from the other side to name it one.  As for the burger, I don't even know that back ground entirely, but the same logic applies to me. Maybe I'm stupid
I'm going to say something that probably makes me a terrible person, but this video with police showcases a lot more problems than the other recent outcries against cops. While the events that led in deaths earlier this year escalated further than they should of, while the officers involved could and should have handled it differently, perspective is key and a lot of people choose to just see it as cops casually assaulting and gunning down kids. Whereas here, that's actually fucking happening. They're throwing down girls who are doing nothing but sitting on the ground and getting scared, they're guns drawn chasing people who were trying to protect the former. I don't think all cops are bad or racist but Christ this video shows that we need to be more vigilant concerning who gets not just a gun but a badge. People should respect and trust the law and those that represent it, but in turn the law and those that represent it should respect them. Fuck this Judge Dredd noise.
No you don't. Her arranging for his murder doesn't mean he couldn't have been suicidal. It's possible for both to exist. Suicidal people can still be murdered. Yes, he may have killed himself, but you don't have to ignore that possibility to also consider that he may have also been the victim of a drug addict looking for a way to her next fix.
I want to believe that r/creepy's self posts are true stories whereas r/nosleep is for fiction
I dig it. I also don't find Aqua Teen funny in the least, so to each their own.
A lot of people do this, even the ones that aren't the inbred racist hicks that people think everyone in the south is. To many people, Confederate pride is American pride, because the Confederacy is an exercise of American rights. The Confederate States of America, the right to bear arms against a federal government that you feel like no longer represents your best interests ("hurrrr slavery and racism the latter of which was surely unknown in the north, that's not revisonist at all") and the very action that founded America. As much as people want to deny it, for a lot of southerners it really is a pride thing that has nothing to do with racism, and when people like you and the ones responding to you dismiss them like this, I can sympathize with them taking pride in a rebel aesthetic.
I hate you Heath Slater
It's really dumb. It's not hard to type "Andre Battle Royal" unless you don't know how to type, and it's not really a mouthful either. It's a quirky acronym for the sake of being clever.
There's plenty of logic to it. Swords = bad, and Luigi does seem like one best designed for spelunking.
Well yeah because sometimes you want Lucina in your butt so badly that it's worth it
Yeah because similar angry groups like nWo had logos meant to look like they had high production values too, right?
Great, another one of the Rock's cousins    /s
This is pretty cool, I like it when people get unique merch other than just a t shirt.   Also, I just noticed that the Conner's Cure bracelet is in the eshop under "The Authority".
I think it's a good gimmick. They're her stooges. It's not B&amp;M managed by Bliss, it's Bliss managing B&amp;M. Her having two too tough, generic crony hounds to build her up makes her look that much more capable.
&gt;The tag team division is what is going to, in my opinion, be the area they mass improve on the main roster this year  Every year for the past four years has started up as the year where tag teams matter, and every year it quickly grinds to a halt. WWE just won't invest the time and effort into making the tag division anything more than a side show for more than a couple months.
Bisexuality just enevelops the "two" sexes, pan- can encompass all of the sexes. You know, the ones the invented that aren't male or female. Like "attack helicopter".
Deadpool, cringy? No, never! The popular Deadpool of the last decade of so has been a shining paragon of high brow humor!   No fucking shit, dude
Because Harley Quinn is a shit character, redesigned and rebranded to appeal to edgy kidz.
I could really get behind Deadpool just going back to being athe self aware "merc with a mouth". The fourth wall breaking was fun at first, from time to time, but it's been so overused by everyone that it's just gotten annoying. That and the purely random humor. It's like how Spider-Man portrayals have been. Do people just not know how to write clever/witty/funny anymore without scraping the bottom of the barrel?
That is disturbingly untrue. Harley has been increasingly portrayed as competent and in control of herself. She started as some goon, brainwashed by the Joker into thinking that she was the only one who understood him and that he loved her for it, while in reality he just liked having a slave. As Harley got more popular, she gets written less and less like a simply stupid and impressionable woman that slept her way to the top of her field only to get dominated by a better manipulator than her.
Yeah, I might've misworded. I'm sure that all the sets covered the original 151 Pokemon, but that there were probably duplicates, meaning there weren't an "original 151 cards".
It looks like they have a pretty nice ass, I'll give  them that.
Stick figure families on cars are lame. Innocent, but lame.  Parodies of them are fucking terrible though.
&gt;Beretta and Romero at an event that Triple H was scouting   Please don't. ^unless ^the ^money's ^good ^or ^something ^^I ^^guess
&gt;self entitled  You're on fire tonight
I think you're getting the same drink in the UK, it's just bottled by Coke at Coke plants. It's still a non-Coke produced beverage.
I also blame Roman Reigns for most things
It's probably creepy for the snake
This is beyond just cringe and it's actually depressing to see, esp in comics because it shows the silly tumblr mindset somewhere that isn't just online. Here it's physical and real and taking over another medium other than video games.    But [unsolicited opinions on Israel???] is hilarious
Is just an old, ingrained trope. Something similar is from older Chinese cinema, where when a character would be introduced, the screen would freeze and their name would appear. I don't think it's a matter of telling and not showing, especially given how your example includes them showing. It exists in fighting games too. When Ryu does a hadoken, you know it's a hadoken, you don't have to take his word for it. It's not meant to handhold the viewer and explain what it is, I think it's just a dramatic element of introduction that western audiences may differ on.
&gt;Your example of fighting games is actually a very prime example, they are special attack/techniques that the characters often name out so that you, the player(s) are aware they are special and different, and not just a simple combo move.  Then why isn't it done for every special move? Balrog and Vega rarely do it, for example. Ryu cries out the name of his fireball or dragon punch, but there are on screen visual indicators that these aren't just punches, they're flaming, they look special. Meanwhile Balrog's specials are still just punches, and they don't have any accompanying name telegraphing. Surely if the naming of moves had to do with balance and hand holding, everyone one do it to make a fair, especially the guy whose normals and specials are both punches with decidedly less fire radiating off of them.  Instead the ones getting audibly introduced are the ones that also have visual recognition - the recognizable shoryukens or raging demons that a seasoned player could identify long before the character starts talking about it - because the introduction is for drama, not gameplay.
Anyone playing can tell that a hadoken, even before Ryu yells, is not just a normal punch. The naming has nothing to do with it, he's throwing a fucking fireball. But at the same time, Balrog is never shouting out the names of his moves, which normal or input, are still just mundane punches.  Yes, the shout does help player response in a way, but I highly doubt that was intentional, it just become a way to time the move because it was happening.   The moves that get audible names are often the most flashy of the special moves, which leads me to think it is entirely similar to how it's used in movies/shows.
&gt;but instead created a precident for other games to learn from. Powerful moves in most modern games have some sort of flashy way to signify what is happening and the easiest way to do that is to have a character tell you.  As someone else said, even more fighting games *don't* do this.   &gt;It also makes games more accessible because even a new player understands that the enemy isn't going to shout out weak and ordinary move names so they know to block  Many characters, even in SF, don't do it. None of Balrog's special punchs have a visual or audible key to set them apart from normal punches.   I agree that the naming of the move does help to some degree, but it's an unintended side effect.
&gt;however the first anime series that did it, their reasoning was as I said  [citation needed]  That said, I think we're just saying the same thing in different ways. I don't see it has handholding, I see it as a different culture's way of heightening the drama for a specific situation. It's a very eastern cliche that is rooted in traditions that don't really exist on the other side of the world. You don't need to hear a narrative explanation to know why Goku's fireball beam thing is any stronger than his punch, or even any other fireball - there's all kind of pageantry around it that does it other than simply giving it a name. Giving it the name isn't skipping the story telling to tell you that it's now suddenly stronger, giving the name/sounds to go with it [*makes it stronger*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiai). Eastern cinema, and a lot of the culture, just really likes verbosity and titling things that don't really need an introduction - which what the OP is referencing in the first places.   The audience will realize it's stronger without the quirk. Most anime, especially older ones, use a lot of recycled footage of long start ups and "powering up" for strong moves. It has nothing to do with shouting its name - even if that may often be a part of it.
I think 3D Dot Game Heroes on the PS3 has it.  There's also a DS game by the Scribblenaut guys that lets you draw in the character, weapons, etc. It's not too great, but it's worth looking at. Drawn to Life, I think.
And now everyone has long hair.   They should've went with poofy mullets
This is everything that I wanted out of a Matt Hardy feud  Laughable writing, ludicrous fall from grace, jilted dialog and nonsense angles. It's as crazy as a Hardy should be.
Well , he's retarded, but kinda right. Internet memes weren't always synonymous with image macros, which they are now. Before, memes were based on the actual meaning of the word meme - they were essentially in jokes. References that were meaningless except to the culture that used them, the internet. Now it's just text on pix and that's not really what a meme is, it just jokes of debatable humor that explain themselves, eliminating any real memetics.  Make memes great again
Well the person was the one cheating on his fiancée so he's not all that much better
No, he was cheating on her with the "Nazi".
I don't, nor did I ever claim that I did. But I don't see you lobbing this half assed response the way of all the people claiming to love him based a small, one-sided peek into his life, so there's no reason why I can't dislike him for an equal reason.
So it's totally cool to talk about a wrestler's personal life when it's positive, or a negative that you don't agree with, but everything else is off limits?  People watched a WWE special and are now spouting praise about the person behind the character as if they know him. He recovered from an injury, he started poor. That's fantastic. But it no more makes him a person worth cheering than cheating makes him worth hating. If you're going to open that door and start using his real life as a reason to love him, I'm allowed to use it to dislike him.   Nothing against him as a wrestler, he's goddamn fantastic and I love his work. But don't act like I'm out of line for criticizing his personal life when it's fine for others to compliment it. If someone said "sweet moonsault", I wouldn't whine that he's a cheater. Then it would be irrelevant.   Keep in mind that Hogan's dirty laundry was between him and his partner (at that moment in time) too, and that was put out for the world to see. A lot of people laud him as an irredeemable racist but I can't seem to recall him ever acting on it or doing anything to promote it. But no, someone calls to attention Seth Rollins' blemishes and the defense force comes riding in.
Yes, but that's not what he started with. It acts like booking Kevin Owens and Asuka was part of some unspoken war. Neither of them had anything to do with NJPW. Obviously it has nothing to do with fighting New Japan, they're just hiring talent from everywhere.
For everyone thinking that TNA's production is just terrible, look at the Lashley/Galloway packages. They're nothing impressive, but they're by no means bad.   This weird Matt shit is just that. It's weird Matt shit. It's supposed to be avant-garde house bullshit because Matt's character is avant-garde house bullshit. And I love it
&gt;his best   Look I think he's great now too but honestly his WWE Champ run with Riley in tow was just as good.  He was a shitty, unworthy champ. That was his character. A sociopath coward who felt validated by a belt that he didn't deserve. Having the belt made up for everything, it made him think he really was the best. It was really good, he sounded like a legit evil threat when addressing opponents, and you knew he wouldn't win fair which made it all the more menacing - what was he willing to pull out to put them down? Other than the finish, his I Quit match with Cena was amazing, story wise.   And Awesome Truth was amazing too, but that was a continuation of that character.
Out of touch with what? A former celebrity whose best years are decades behind him? Kanye's bigger today than every remaining Beatle whether you like his music or not. Why on earth would people today need to be "educated" on bands from the 60s-70s? Are you one of those people from the shitty mspaint comics where they shoot people for not listening to "real music" like The Beatles and Grateful Dead in favor of Bieber? They came and went. It's perfectly reasonable for people to not know of the members today.
And racism and segregation existed in the non slave holding north, including long after the Civil War. In many ways it still exists today, with how racial ghettos are just as prevalent in NY as they are Atlanta. And the "back to Africa" movement didn't work last time. And plenty of blacks don't care about this slavery thing and are perfectly well adjusted Americans that just happen to also be black, so waving this in their face because of how other black people act is racist in itself, so it wouldn't exactly "cure" perceived racism.   The cure is eliminating this propagated victim complex that everyone in America wants to have. They, not just blacks, people from any demographic, want to be able to say that they're being oppressed, so that they look like harder workers, so their faults can be blamed on someone else. It has nothing to do with slavery, that's just a convenient excuse.
Slavery wasn't the cause because it was considered morally wrong, slavery was the cause because it was affording the southern states power and production over the north. The north wasn't some haven where black people were seen as equals, even without slavery.
Right, only teenagers listen to Kanye West.  Or you're just out of touch.
