Yeah well good, that champion fucking sucks and isnt fun to play. I understand the zac criticism on not having a new skin until, but yorick actually blows.
No its aesop rock. Asap rocky is a bitch rapper
Also his newest album is the ep with one catchy pop song, and the rest is shit even with a jayden smith feature. What a joke
So what you are saying, is that the harder to play champion, riven, is better than the simple champion garen, in terms of skill ceiling? Why would you want it any other way? I understand riven can be absurd, but the people doing crazy things on her play alot of riven and have mastered her combos, her cd, her limits essentially. Why punish people for being good and putting time into a champion. God this reminds me of the AWP circle jerk in csgo.
To be honest, Lee sin is best played in a non flashy way. Like sure you can insec and it looks cool and everything but it makes so much more sense to just assassinate early with your innate dmg, then build tank and just peel for carries. For real, if you can kick one guy back into his team mates so your team can get free dmg, that is so much better than kicking somebody into your team. If you want to do that, play pick champs like thresh, morg, blitz and get a tank jungler instead.
Dexter season 4 was in my opinion the highest point of the show, perhaps the first season is equal. Anyways season 5 was like watching a show written by retards. I honestly do not understand what the fuck happened. And then they kept going and it stayed bad til it ended. It was amazing and one of the best shows on til season 5.
See I'm one of the people with the unpopular opinion that ac2 is by fsr the best assassins creed. Everything else felt like a money grab to keep the series going. Ac2 was fresh, new character, great new cities, aqesome mission structure. I don't know the other games after just make me think about ac2. I haven't played black flag though
I hear alot of people saying Brotherhood or Black Flag is their favorite. Guess we know different people.
Pretty sure comms and video are not synched. Could be wrong but it makes a little more sense
Half Life 2, fallout 3. Couldn't choose one sorry.
Yourmoviessuck. Lots of good reviews and then lots of reviews of awful movies. I recommend watching his m night Shyamalan review videos
The best way to smile for pictures is to think of something funny like a Louis ck standup and then laugh because when you laugh you naturally smile
Well that would include everything I guess. We do not have many adjectives in the english language so I guess everything is cringe now.
This sub is the king of posting stuff that everybody has heard already several years ago. Bravo! I love the song though.
I hope you give her as much in return. That sounds like a 50's wife
Yeah this album is awesome. Lots of different sounds in it.
Parenting is work after all. A work you can't leave at the office
I hate to break it to you, but being an analyst in the scene gives you free reign to...analyze whether it be criticism or not. As a team owner, you do not get to be an add on social media and make a fool of yourself. Thoorin is a journalist. He generates clicks and views so he can make money. I like regi, but it was obvious after the whole thing was said and done that regi was in the wrong. Gotta remember he's not just a kid on the internet. He runs a business where your image can hurt you if you fuck it up enough. Luckilly the pr saved him the apology and he has been portrayed much better since then. I'm sure he's a great guy, who got caught up in the moment and forgot who he was. The boss does not argue with the people talking shit. He says nothing and continues running the biggest brand in the scene.
The tyon is by far the best though
Alrighty, I just do not know why people do not just go to the top posts of each month. Like as soon as I found this sub, I went through all the top posts of each month to find music. This will probably end up on the top posts of January. I am not mad that people found this band. I actually want them to be known, I just think it's funny that it gets posted again when it's on a top post of the month already. Not a big deal.
Ahh thats a shame. Fizz is actually really good right now lol.
I mean the time travel makes no sense. And the plot makes no sense. Sure it's a cool movie, but it kinda takes you out if you try to think about it. Watch YMS review of looper on YouTube and you will see what I mean.
Yeah I'm liking it so far. Reminds me of sons of anarchy and boardwalk empire
Could I have some examples? Genuinely curious
While I don't think you are a god with mastery, I honestly am not opposed to the idea that you must have some level of mastery on the champion in order to play them in ranked. No clue how the specifics would work, but I am just tired of looking at lolwiz and seeing that half my team doesn't even have 5 games played on the champ and zero normals on the champ. Gotta practice a lil bit before you go ranked
Sell me on it. With text or video
Can shiphtur just retire already. The dude still can't even cs
Well I mean the reason that there exists a one shot caller model is because everybody is so damn quiet here in NA. I mean yall remember TSM of last season. Bjerg would talk and the rest would not talk. Of course it makes more sense to have democratic shot calling if all the shot callers are good shot callers and talk.   Better to develop a primary shotcaller for team fights, shot caller for early game and objectives, while everybody calls out. Like every spell thats important, whether a lane is gank-able. I mean everyone should talk.
You think they would have won with any other adc in Europe? Please man. The fact that they could ban forgiven out and nobody else on the team could carry with op picks proves my point. Yes they had an I interesting strategy where they pushed all lanes and let svenskeren duel the enemy jungler. This was the lee sin, elise khazix meta after all. Just saying if their shot calling was really the reason they were winning, then banning forgiven out wouldn't have done anything.
Honestly fuck Hillary Clinton. We do not need a robot puppet hack fraud as president. God what a cunt
She hasn't even undergone the sex change yet though... What if I put a wig on and wear a dress I'm a female hero? It's a fucking shit show. Jenner is a disgrace to women, men, and transgender people. Go talk to trans people, they do not consider her one one of them. She's not courageous. She could go back at any time. Real transgender people with the surgeries feel that they are in the wrong body. What so Bruce finally realized after training for the Olympics, getting married, having kids, being over 50, that he's a woman? It's honestly a fucking joke. Then when you act surprised, everyone thinks you are insensitive or prejudiced toward trans people, when really I'm just insensitive of a fucking celebrity hack fraud exploiting the transgender movement to escape the car accident where he killed people. Perhaps that last part is out of line. I just don't think she's a fucking hero. Certainly not woman of the year.
Are you just parroting? Go talk to a trans person who has gone the whole way, with surgeries and medications and everything. Caitlyn has yet to have the surgery and trans people don't see her as their own.
Well I am sure there are two sides to this obviously. Nearly every trans  Ive seen claims it's a publicity thing and that she is a disgrace. You honestly cannot think she deserves woman of the year though? I mean that is just silly. What did she actually do?
The Prince's Tale in Pt of Harry Potter. My favorite chapter of the whole series, and Rickman is my favorite actor in the movies.
I like Kobe too. I just think that he gets wayyyy too excited sometimes. Like that's not a bad thing. It was amazing at the end of the C9 vs. Najin White Shield game when he yelled "thats game!" 3 or 4 times. As for really nice, concise analysis, I think Jatt is a hair better in game. Of course Kobe is the bomb with his theorycrafting out of cast though.
I mean New Balance has Sk Telekom right? Nike will be on TSM is a year or less, i guarantee it.
Sk Telecom is sponsored by New Balance....Also chess is a sport. The definition of sports changes as the culture does.
I totally agree. Monetizing your free time would be one of those things you can limit though.
Good choices. However I love every song by this band. Even their splits
Well everyone has different opinions right? I think a 6-7 is a fine score for it. It was a really entertaining movie, but to me it wasn't fantastic. I don't think people rate movies low because of who directed them.
It's okay for us disagree!
Sure there is...but as a general rule of thumb.
Not as big of a gap between 2 and 3 as with 1 and 2. It is still great. But it feels like uncharted 2. I would still play it. I loved it, but it just was not as awe inspiring as uncharted 2 because it just feels like uncharted 2.
Brandon Rogers is so fucking funny.
At least your stupidity has created a meme that I laughed at. Look at top comment
But dexter has the worst decline of any show ever. 1-4 are fantastic television. Then each season got stupider and stupider. Don't even get me started on the last season.
Yeah to be honest that's murder in my eyes. Like how is the copy cat of the office rated higher than the office. It's a fucking copy. It's not bad, bit for real it's always sunny is way better than Parks
It's honestly fucking stupid. House of Cards developed one good character. The rest make no sense. We watch the show to see frank and Doug do shit. Mad men developed every one of it's characters including non important characters like dons secretaries and even the minor people from other companies.
Sorry bit you aren't a horror movie buff. Compare original Texas chainsaw massacre to Jennifer's body
No.....Bjergsen is really good, but last season he was not better than Febiven.
