I doubt it. If this was the case, we'd expect people who drink, say, wellwater to look significantly different. But seeing people in rural vs urban areas, I don't see a significant difference, suggesting that environmental estrogens aren't a major contributing factor.
Uh, there's a big difference between 1 in 292,000,000 and 1000 in 292,000,000 (or 1 in 292,000) - you're a thousand times more likely to win.  That doesn't mean you're LIKELY to win, but suggesting you aren't at all more likely to win is nonsense.  The reality is that you should never buy lottery tickets because it is always a losing proposition - on average, you will always lose money.
Because the only people who can be trusted to capture him are exactly the sort of people who won't extrajudicially execute people.
Flash is a great program for animation. What you get out of it is what you put into it, as with all things.
What qualifications do you think would qualify someone to criticize politics?  Absolutely anyone is entitled to do so. Fox can put whoever they want on the air.  Freedom of speech.  Doesn't mean anyone has to watch.
It would be a bit more convincing if he didn't blow up children in other countries on a regular basis.  It is, at the very least, hypocritical.
It is a bit more complicated than that - remember the OJ Simpson case, where the jury basically found OJ Simpson innocent because the defense discredited the cops?  Just because someone is a bad person doesn't mean they're lying about everything.  Do you think that the sexual history of rape victims should be admissible in court, on the grounds that the "victim" was a slut and repeatedly engaged in similar sexual conduct?
True. Median income for a man working full time is a bit over $46k/year. Bit lower for women.
Seriously, being sad over the deaths of people is stupid anyway. It won't bring them back to life. This is why you have to have a wake where everyone tells funny stories about the deceased.
The world economy isn't doing "shitty as fuck". If you believe this, you don't live in reality.  So, let's be clear here: the economy? Pretty awesome.  Anyone who claims that wages have been stagnant since the 1970s is either a lying scumbag or someone who has no clue what they're talking about.  Here's reality. Not fantasy. Not bullshit. Reality.  The computer you are writing this on would have been worth tens of millions of dollars in the 1980s. Possibly in the 1990s, depending on how nice your computer is.  Tens of millions. All for what, a thousand bucks? Less?  Look at cars today. Not only do they have far more features than cars in the past, but they have vastly better gas mileage and are safer, AND last longer - average car age has been going UP for years as cars have become more and more reliable.  Our phones are things which were simply not available long ago, and which were very valuable back in the early days - and ours are vastly better, each containing computers that puts 80s supercomputers to shame.  And they connect to the World Wide Web, which contains a ridiculous storehouse of human knowledge which is vastly more accessible than any library, can be accessed instantly from anywhere, fits in your pocket, and and allows you to instantly communicate with anyone anywhere else on the planet with voice and video.  Everything we have today is better than it was in the past.  We are vastly, enormously, overwhelmingly materially wealthy compared to our predecessors. Living like someone from the 1970s would make you poor by today's standards.  But the thing is, this wealth is invisible to a lot of people. They just are incapable of understanding it.  They see wealth as being a rich idiot with no day job. But that's not what wealth *is*.  You are wealthy. Compared to the vast majority of humanity, and compared to the history of humanity.  But you aren't a rich idiot with no day job. We do still need to work. But our money buys us more today in terms of awesome stuff than it did historically. A $30,000 equivalent car in the past is nowhere near as good as a $30,000 car today.  This sort of insane deflation is invisible to folks, though, because we see it as a car, not as a "ridiculous luxury vehicle", even though, by historical standards, it is.  Unemployment in the US is low, and people have jobs. We produce vast amounts of wealth. People are better off today than they were historically.  People just love to whine and be entitled.  Yes, we're not all rich idiots with no day jobs, but that's not what wealth is.
They're both deeply dishonest acts.  And frankly, if someone cheats on tests, why would you expect them not to cheat in relationships?  Cheating, after all, is in part about not getting caught, and not caring about what harm you might cause to others by doing it.
The only people who starve in America are children who cannot feed themselves and are neglected by their parents, and idiots who refuse to apply for government aid and are too proud to seek other forms of food assistance.  We spend enormous amounts of money every year making sure of this fact.
That's because people are idiots.  The reality is that the best books ever written were probably all written after 1980, simply because people are so much better at everything these days.  I'd be surprised if the best book ever written wasn't written within the last 15 years.
You must think coal is a great Christmas tradition too.
Pretty much zero. $23 billion is more than the company is worth, and is incredibly excessive. The DOJ is seeking $900 million, which is more achievable. They'll probably settle for less than that. It will likely hurt, but $23 billion for phone calls?  No.
The topsoil isn't dangerous. People just lie to you and tell you that it is in order to scare you and to get money out of you.
130 year old houses suck.
How am I a conspiracy theorist? What conspiracy theory did I advocate? Do you even know what a conspiracy theory is?  &gt; A conspiracy theory is an explanatory or speculative hypothesis suggesting that two or more persons or an organization have conspired to cause or cover-up, through secret planning and deliberate action, an event or situation typically regarded as illegal or harmful.  What conspiracy am I claiming?  &gt; I will never bother to actively look up information on this murderer, and hopefully the media censors themselves because morally it is the right thing to do, as proven time and time again by the thousands of people who study rampage murderers.  First off, you're lying.  You're in this thread, proving that you are interested. If you weren't interested, you wouldn't be here.  Secondly, suggesting that the press shouldn't report on things which contradict your world view is deeply evil.  &gt; If you truly believe that the world would be a better place if CNN, Fox and CBS were all up there feeding the United States full and complete coverage of the story in order to prevent corruption because you genuinely fear that the community can't handle their own business, then you have a very flawed and narcissistic view of humanity, as a whole.  I don't think there's anything wrong with them doing it.  If you really think this is none of your business, please leave and never come back.
Given that pretty much everything will probably be recorded in this future, the cases aren't going to hinge on very much supposition - we'll have the data on the incidents taken from the car's databanks. It will be very clear who is at fault in many cases.  If the driverless cars are designed well, it is likely to be the fault of the pedestrian far more than it is the car. And given that the whole thing will likely be on video tape, with a recording of the car's performance, I have the feeling that these cases will often be dismissed or settled very early because they'll be clean-cut in a lot of cases.
People need to stop being awful people.  That especially includes you.  Yes, we rescued numerous Nazi scientists. This was a good thing; most of them weren't evil people.  Do you know who Wenher von Braun is? He was a German scientist. He is also the reason that the US and Russia got into space.  MKUltra was not run by a bunch of Nazi scientists; that is outright false. MKUltra was mostly run by Americans.  It was also a legitimate program. People act like OMG IT WAS SO AWFUL but the reality is that people ran these tests for a reason - people didn't KNOW that mind control was impossible, they didn't know that truth serum wasn't real. They had to test it.  Moreover, most of MKUltra was not unethical. Crazed conspiracy theorists have turned it into the ultimate bogeyman. Were some of the things they did unethical?  Yes. Absolutely.  But a lot of it was very reasonable.  People grossly exaggerate shit because they love to sensationalize.  Has the US done bad things?  Yes.  Has every other country done bad things?  Yes.  Have most countries done worse things than the US?  Yes.
Why does it matter?  Seriously, the purpose of these laws is to keep the children safe.  It is not to make bad parents happy.  You're acting like children are objects.  They're people, and the government tries to protect them.  Do you think that the government should leave them with families who are incapable of providing for their basic needs?
They're deliberately misleading you and trying to avoid you thinking about things rationally.  Why are they being charged for their water?  Well, because they're *using* the water (and yes, they are still using it, for showers and suchlike). You pay for what you use. If you're using water, why shouldn't you be paying for it?  Indeed, the reality is - and this is the fun part - the reason why this whole thing is such a clusterfuck is because the people of Flint aren't willing to pay for their water.  I'm serious here. Back in the 1970s, there were plans to fix Flint's water system.  The people of Flint said no, because they didn't want to pay for it.  SHOCK AND SURPRISE, 40 years later, shit has gotten so bad that now they *have* to fix it.  How is them *not* paying for their water - which it costs money to fix - going to lead to them fixing the water system?  *Where do you think this money comes from?*  The people of Flint.  This is yet another example of the people of Flint *trying to avoid paying for their damn water*.  Once you see it in that context, it is VASTLY less sympathetic, isn't it?  ---  The reason why people get their children taken away is because their homes are not safe for children.  Do you think that a home with toxic water in it is safe for children to live in?  No.  The purpose of these laws is to keep children safe. It is not to make excuses for shitty parents.  If their parents are incapable of keeping their children safe, then they are taken away.  The purpose of the law is to keep the children safe. Objectively, these parents are failing at it, by failing to provide a basic necessity like running water for their family.  These people shouldn't have kids.
&gt; Um, no. The problem was caused by an unelected emergency manager appointed by the governor and not accountable to the citizens of Flint. He made a decision to save money in the short term by changing water sources and bypassing procedures to insure the water would be safe to drink. Lack of accountability is why the emergency manager is not in jail for poisoning Flint residents.  This is actually bullshit. You're blaming the final link in the chain.  Why was Flint put under emergency management?  Because Flint couldn't run itself.  Why couldn't Flint run itself?  Because the people there weren't willing to pay taxes but kept demanding more services, resulting in the city going bankrupt.  Why is Flint's water system so shit to begin with?  Because the people of Flint were historically unwilling to pay to fix it in the past. In the 1970s, people said it needed to be fixed. Didn't happen. Today, it is a crisis, so it *must* be fixed.  The reality is that the reason that Flint is a shithole is because of the people who live in Flint.  The emergency manager isn't the root cause.  The root cause is decades of mismangement by the city of Flint.  Was the emergency manager responsible? Sure.  But to blame it all on the emergency manager is wrong.  The City of Flint is 100% to blame. If they hadn't been so wildly, moronically incompetent over decades and decades, they wouldn't have an emergency manager. They wouldn't have a shitty water system.
They should drown the entire population of Flint, Michigan while they're at it.  The population of Flint is equally or even more at fault than they are.
No.  Lying about your identity and qualifications has to be illegal.  Otherwise, there would be no consequences for pretending to be a doctor/lawyer/engineer/qualified truck driver/scientist/not being a child molester/legal resident/ect.  Reporters don't have any special rights. Everyone in the US is a journalist. It is the first amendment of the US Constitution.  Journalists who want special rights are the scum of the Earth.
This has nothing to do with GMOs, though. It is misleading to even talk about GMOs in this context.  It has to do with farming practices.  Soil exhaustion is not a new thing and is unrelated to GMOs. Organic farming can and has destroyed soil historically.
It is a terrible argument with no basis in reality.  We already do this.  Everything humans do is incredibly unnatural.  Unnatural does not mean bad.
Yeah, because it is a scam.  Organic produce is no better for you than any other form of produce, and is worse for the environment.
No. No one will remember them.  Benedict Arnold at least did something that mattered.  They're just small-time criminals.
TBH I think the reason they didn't do that is because they wanted to avoid them starting fires in the facility to keep warm. These people are idiots, you know they'd do it.
You know, this ironically means that if part of your plan is to murder one of the other participants, you wouldn't technically be guilty of felony murder under Oregon law.  I hope someone makes that argument at some point.  '#TheJokerWasInnocent'
In all fairness, the Unabomber was probably the ultimate terrorist. Most terrorists and criminals in general are stupid or stupid.  Dealing with highly intelligent criminals who actually have thought about what they're doing is an absolute nightmare.
Not really, no. Criminals can't really generally afford it, and most criminals aren't really big on the whole "planning" thing.  If you are in a confrontation with the police, you lose. Like, that always happens. The only way for criminals to win is to not get caught.
The best thing to do is to avoid being in that situation in the first place. If you're in the situation where you need to defend yourself, you're already in deep shit.
The court shouldn't have exonerated him, because he clearly stalked Trayvon Martin home. There's no doubt that Trayvon Martin committed assault. The problem is that Zimmerman was a violent man who stalked someone home while fingering their gun, provoking a confrontation with them, and never "regained his innocence".  If anyone had a stand their ground case, it would have been Martin, but given his actions of returning to confront Zimmerman, that's unlikely.  The jury misunderstood self-defense. It isn't just about defending yourself.
Jury nullification is a *bad thing*.  It is what the Southern states used to let lynchers free.  It is a side effect of the jury system. It isn't a good thing.  The correct thing to do is to amend the law.
So do you think that people should be able to lynch people freely?  Because that's what jury nullification enables.  Most lawyers will ask you a question like "If you believe that someone is guilty of a crime, would you ever find them not guilty for any reason?"  If you answer "No" to that, but believe in jury nullification, you'd be committing perjury.
So you'd rather people who lynch people go free?  Because that's what juries enable.
&gt; What do you think about stats like the "one in five women will be raped" being leveraged by feminists?   Again, this depends on what you're defining as "rape"; as I noted above, different groups define rape differently. Some groups only define vaginal penetration as rape (which also means men can't be raped). Some consider rape to be any form of penetration of any oriface. Some only consider forcible rape. Ect.  Some groups also have wrong-headed ideas about what constitutes rape, such as, for instance, the idea that intoxicated sex is intrinsically rape (it isn't - it is only rape if they are so intoxicated they aren't capable of meaningfully consenting to sex). Otherwise, you could end up with the (obviously insane) situation where two drunk people rape each other at the same time, or where something is or is not rape based on whether or not the "rapist" was drunk at the time.  It is likely true that 20% (or more, even) of women become victims of *some* form of sex crime at least once in their lives (and probably a decent percentage of men as well, for that matter). But something like someone getting groped on a bus is very different from what most people are thinking of when they think of "sexual assault". And of course, even something like being groped can be very different depending on the situation; someone grabbing your ass on a crowded subway car is pretty different from the situation in Germany where a large crowd of men were groping at women as they passed through them, which was probably a deeply traumatic experience for many of them.  It is really hard to know with any confidence whether or not these surveys can even tell us anything useful given that we don't really know how much social desirability bias is involved here.  For instance, if you poll gun owners and ask them if they've prevented a crime from happening in the last year using a firearm, you get numbers indicating somewhere between 1.5-3 million crimes are prevented by gun owners every year. But the problem is, that number is wildly implausible against the background crime rate; it would suggest that as much as a third of crimes are being prevented by people with guns, which doesn't make sense given that many crimes happen while people aren't even present. The actual numbers are believed to be a tenth of what are reported in the surveys, or even less; some estimates put it as low as 50,000, which would be two orders of magnitude below what the surveys claim.  On the other hand, a lot of victims are likely to be reluctant to admit to being victimized to a stranger over the telephone. So there is good reason to believe surveys might simultaneously underreport and overreport victimization. Again, we're trying to measure things which are totally unknown and unknowable here, and the numbers may be wildly different on both ends.  That's not to say that they're totally worthless, but unless you know the questions they're asking, the methodology, and what their definitions of various words are, you don't really get useful data. And it is hard to know their "true" accuracy. The fact that we see such different numbers from different surveys suggests that the data may not be very reliable or comparable, but that doesn't necessarily mean we know in which direction it is unreliable.  &gt; Resulting in shit like rape tribunals in colleges.  These are very bad, but are less of a function of statistics and are more of a function of a violation of due process and a lack of understanding of the law. The reality is that these are extremely damaging both to rape victims and to people who are falsely accused of rape. Universities are ill-equipped to serve as law enforcement, and frankly, it isn't their job.  People shouldn't be reporting rapes to the university. They should be reporting them to the police. Rapes are crimes, not academic violations, and rapists need to go to jail, not be suspended or expelled. Investigations should be done respecting the rights of the accused, with warrants, by police, not by people who work for the university (or worse, students) who have no understanding of how to properly go about conducting an investigation and little to no accountability. A rapist going free because his rights were violated during the investigation and all of the evidence becomes inadmissible in court is an unacceptable outcome, but is likely to happen in some of these cases - if they even get charged by the police at all.
I don't get why people think it was so horrifying to be honest; I've seen lots of accidents, it wasn't gory or anything, it was just an accident. "Welp, seven people died."  Showing kids space program stuff isn't traumatizing. I saw all sorts of stuff like that as a kid.
Most of them are, though.
The problem with renewable energy is that most of it is what is known as an intermittent energy supply. You simply cannot rely 100% on solar and wind, and geothermal and hydroelectric power is insufficient for powering the world and is very geographically deterministic.  There is really no plausible route to 100% clean renewable energy on Earth of which I am aware.
Well, given that he is doing something out of pure, sheer spite...  How can you really feel sorry for him?  I dunno. I mean, doesn't this kind of point towards them making a wise decision here?  The sort of person who goes through this kind of elaborate revenge probably isn't the most stable of individuals.
&gt; The emissions from cattle farming are the single largest source of carbon.  *ALL* agricultural and land use changes *put together* constitute only 24% of human carbon emissions. All livestock put together constitute only 14%. Cattle farming is not the "single largest source of carbon". It is the largest source within livestock, but that's 65% of 14%, or 9% of global emissions - far less than transportation (14%) and burning fossil fuels for heat and electricity (25%).
Bernie is worse for jobs/the economy than Hillary.  Why wouldn't he lose?
The thing is, this study may not really involve any data manipulation at all, and yet still not say anything of value.  Fat people are more likely to drink diet soda.  Does diet soda cause obesity?  No - but people who are fat are more likely to drink diet soda.  This is the problem with what are known as *correlational* dietary studies - it doesn't tell you anything of real value.  Fat people may be less likely to eat candy because they're "dieting". Or they may be less likely to eat it because candy is a terrible food to gorge on - any time I eat too much candy I end up feeling sick. If you're gorging on food, chances are you won't eat something that will make you feel sick from doing it.  Meanwhile, someone who is of normal weight may eat candy like a normal human being. My parents always have candy in the house and aren't fat.  The thing is, this is true of ALL dietary studies.  Remember, the next time someone tells you that Extra Virgin Olive Oil or eating nuts causes you to lose weight, they're saying candy bars cause you to lose weight.  It is *exactly* the same thing, and is caused by exactly the same effects.  Don't ever trust any dietary study which isn't performed by taking two randomized groups of people and feeding them diets. Anything else is probably going to be garbage.
Trump is much more likely to be indicted; Trump University was a pretty standard scam operation.  If you read the laws WRT: Hillary's handling of classified information, there's no way she'll be indicted, because she didn't break them.
How was she unqualified to be Secretary of State?  She spent eight years in the White House and then became a senator.
&gt; It's an impossibly hard task.  And an utterly thankless job. "So, who do we let out, the robber, the rapist, or the recidivist burglar who invaded three people's houses the last time he was out?"  No matter what you do, you're letting out someone who isn't a very good person.  &gt; Jails are also overcrowded, but they aren't under Re-alignment from the Supreme Court of California, so there's that.  Not *yet*. I'm sure it is just a matter of time if they continue to be overcrowded.  Part of the problem is that no one in California wants to pay for more jails/prisons, but no one wants to let a bunch of criminals free, either.
That's like saying that pledged delegates don't count because they haven't cast any ballots yet.  It is over.  Bernie lost.  It was over in MARCH.
