It is when used correctly. But it's been waaaay overused. Same with Papyrus, which is a nice font, but every single nature show and spa seems to think they need to use it.
~~You're~~Your stupid until proven otherwise.
OP said you'd be immortal, he didn't say anything about STDs. Having a massive case of herpes for eternity would suck.
Burn him.
Well that was unexpected. Well done!
Yep, the mom killed her son. Poor guy just needed some help and support.
What the fuck is wrong with people? They were doing well and were very successful before. Now they're going to ruin their business because they're greedy fucktards.
Never go full retard.
I like how he gently strokes it with his fingers.
Are you single-handedly responsible for the Earth's deforestation?
Are you sure this isn't a gay dating site?
You have to hide in the bushes outside her house and then sometimes quickly rise up and peek in her window. It gets the point across you're serious and aren't playing games.
I actually love it when a girl has a very small round bead piercing in her nose.
Why does God want Benny Hinn to knock people over? I really don't get this.
That was pretty damn good.
Unfortunately that's probably true.
The print/cursive mix should be the standard. It's so much faster to write like that than either print or cursive alone.
&gt; Isn't it a bit sexist to assume that she "allowed" us to objectify her?  You're right. Maybe ESPN hogtied, drugged, then stripped off her clothes and took photos.
So the Christian motto is basically, "It's easier to say you're sorry than to ask for permission"?
I only watched it a few times and I knew that.
They don't think it be like it is, but it do...
What if you yell racial slurs at the takeout box?
Thai sweet and sour soup would be pretty bad with cheese.
Maybe it's the bare minimum, but I wish we had more nice people on this planet.
It seemed like The Majestic was unfairly judged. Everybody was saying how it was Jim Carrey's attempt at getting an Oscar, so they scrutinized it way more than they should have. It was a good movie.
One of the funnieth movieth EVER.
Actually, for maximum gains she should probably have injections in multiple locations at the same time...
Have you tried talking to her and explaining that you're an adult and she shouldn't be so controlling over your life?
This is true, but this gives us more leverage when convincing clients to not require support for IE 10, or even 9 or 8.
To steal money? Are you serious? They're taking more from the middle class as a percentage as they are from the rich. There is nothing unfair about this, except being unfair to the middle class. It's still going to be capped at 250k, so it's still showing favoritism towards the wealthy.
One other thing I haven't seen mentioned is that Forbes most likely doesn't directly control the ads that are shown. Most companies use an ad network to serve and monetize their ads. It would definitely be Forbes' fault for using ad network that would do things like serving up malware, but you can't blame Forbes because a bad ad came from their ad network.
Yeah that didn't come out right. What I meant was it's partially Forbes fault, but the majority of blame should fall on the ad network.
It's actually kinda good. I'm tempted to draw something and put it into there.
I'm into it.
I'd like to see this.
I see so many things posted that are blatant propaganda and I get the feeling the government has something to do with it. Reddit is the 10th largest website in the US according to Alexa. If the government wanted to spread propaganda, this is definitely one of the websites they would do it on.
Once Americans get their free healthcare there's no way they'd let anyone take it away. They'll realize the negative image of universal healthcare that republicans try to portray is completely false and the republicans would have to start supporting it.
When I die, I want someone at my funeral to say "Gdj11 puts the 'fun' in funeral" and then quietly sit back down.
This title of that article is complete race-baiting shit. It's not even from a reliable news source. How has not a single person here questioned the source or article?
You must be fun at parties.
He shouldn't be fined anything. They should investigate what led to the boat being anchored there and deal with the real problem.
*Deliberately* planning ahead. Instead of accidentally planning ahead.
James Earl Jones would have pulled it off.
Was Sinbad a man?
The scent of victory. And burning hair.
America could end North Korea's nuclear program if they wanted as well.
Of course you can. It'll end up costing a lot more in the long run obviously.
What I always heard is "they're not dead until they are warm and dead"
How would you prove that the person wanted to be killed? Would you need to get some type of consent from both parties, certified at a government office, along with a mental health check? Seems like keeping it illegal to kill someone is the best approach.
Why would you filter an instant massive change? Faults are very important to show in logs, especially for maintenance.
