I swear George is saying "Poor defensive alignment" when he says "Ford defensive alignment."  I fear this has been prescient every game this series.
Bad habits beget bad habits, and so forth.
Native Americans is the preferred nomenclature.
Yep, he could have been mur-dered.
and with the way that ammo prices went up because paranoid assholes, I'm not wasting money these days.
I regret I have but one upvote to give for this post.
Yep, and they refused to put up with this shit.
I don't know, man.  Act like an asshole, get treated like an asshole.  That's the problem these days, society has gone the politically correct route, wherein we're not calling out assholes when we should be.  America would be much better with less assholes.
Goddamn, a lot of salt in here from non-Wings fans.
The first step is avoiding step one.
Groomsman was a terrible groomsman.  That's basically his job, doing battle with all manner of asshole.
And he seriously sounds tired of this shit.
I don't think nearly enough people have mentioned Abacus.  For fun times, get one of their early Flight Decks.  Maybe 1 or 2.
And a golden stream for worst streaming/streamer.
I fucking hope there's never a basement DLC.
Yeah, front fell off the shark  That's very unusual.
No, Messi took it.
Except when it comes to the All Blacks.
Fuck no.
No, it's everyone else who was wrong.
So, it's settled; Shia does an autobiographical flick next.
Really takes the edge off another Colorado Sports Season.
Things are looking better for the Oilers, not a lot of asses to give on that roster this season.
My advice to you is to start drinking heavily.
Did the past 8 years not happen for anyone else?
I don't remember a large swath of the population thinking Bush was secretly a Muslim or that he wasn't born in this country.  Besides, I'm not talking about Bush.  Try to keep up.
Seriously, how much fun are gliders?
Improve yourself by fucking off and not commenting.
Counterpoint: didn't he once coach the Islanders into the fucking ground?
By the definition of not wanting to support a team that's successful, and a hate of the Bruins, your only option is the Montreal Canadiens.
You shouldn't be posting while you're working.
I know, I'm kidding.  It's...honestly, probably the best place to be as long as he isn't given carte blanche to just do whatever his id wants him to do.  If that happens, though, [KICK OUT THE JAMS MOTHERFUCKERS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvJGQ_piwI0).
Do you know how I know you're an asshole?
That's it, /r/hockey, we need a hobby.
That's the kind of brain-to-shitpost we need around here.
That really captures the spirit of it.
How much do you trust your vendor?  I think a lot of the issues I've seen, and have read about, have really been vendor related.  However, I've been told (and have seen) that the Crestron equipment is of questionable reliability at times.  Still, that may be vendor related, but there are some serious quirks in our systems (like how one system required me to change input 3 times for it to actually change).
This sounds pretty fair all around; don't be a dink to your teammate 101.  I know there's teams out there with one goalie.
Let him play, until he doesn't want to play anymore.  Also tell him that hockey isn't everything.
With that kind of attitude, you could live in Cincinnati.
Thornton needs to shave and wear a vest.
Well, when a two people love each other...
The Wings need to trade for Yzerman.
Guns aren't for starting fires.
Thanks for being Better America, Canada.
Go fuck yourself.
This is my very reason for being against the death penalty.  Why let the person who committed a crime get out of life early.  Let them spend the rest of their life in a small cell, 23 hours of the day.
This needs more upvotes because it's the only correct answer.  But only if the RIO gets the camera.
No cuck.  No cuck.  You're the cuck.
Honestly, I think this is the only way to write things out.  Leaves nothing open for interpretation, and allows cross-checking to make sure everything is 100% right.  Covers all the bases, avoids gray areas, eliminates gremlin infestations.
