not stressin to hard about it... Pretty sure *most* of the new recipes will not be added to the "master" tab but instead a new 51-55 / 56-60 tab. But there is a possibility that they throw a bone to people who have suffered through MB's and Main tool grinds and put some higher 5 star + stuff in there so i just wanna make sure i'm ready for it.
why a new master tab when you already have three books under one? (MB I and II and demi book) And once we are top tier at level 60 those masterbook 2 items will not be so hard to craft, especially since you only need 3 of em... *and* you need to make nq versions anyways for supra. (whether or not the continue to use the blue main hand will make this a must or useless) anyways it's totally possible.
Some of the top people in the fucking DEA are still living in the 1800 when it comes to info on pot. [It's bad because it's drugs and it's illegal because it's bad.](https://youtu.be/sw2wjrsdZSM?t=17) When the eventual wall comes down (prohibition) and more case studies can be conducted... that's when we will really see wtf is happening on the inside because it most certainly has a negative side. Same thing happened with cigs... not even half a century ago everyone was smoking cigarettes everywhere, it was the bees fucking knees! But after the huge wave of studies, information, deaths, so on... we now realize whats really happening. Weed has never had this chance and has only been studied from a biased "how can we keep this illegal" stand point that only warp actual facts (as seen by the idiot who post something they didn't even read and probably walks around town spewing the same bullshit lol)
i think you miss my point... it was not gonna be the thing to revive swtor... that ship has sailed long ago. I was simply saying that it should have always been there from the start, and because it wasn't, and then took 2 years to get it, kinda foreshadowed the whole demise of swtor. I mean it is Star Wars... not Planet Surface Wars
woo... the way it rained down debris was terrifyingly awesome
misery loves company... if anything else you must ignore him. Once he realizes he can't affect you anymore he will move on.
wow... i am really sorry. Since this guy has all of your real info (and 6 months of dedication to making you know how upset he is) i would call the cops. Might be hard because you might not have any info on who he is IRL but that does not matter, you could be in danger and it needs to be taken seriously.
Nael Deus Darnus - That bitch takes the cake for hardest thing i've done in any FF game, thus not only sticking out as #1 boss (monster) in FFXIV but also hardest in all the series.
not crazy enough to do savage lol
dont even need to get into the fact that shes is not the real challenge, the 7 people you can with are your real enemies lol.
needs more rng
i mean... have you watched the news at all? this place is fucked!
always wondered this myself... with all the feuds between the two why would that on thing carry over... maybe it was subconscious? lol
you realized why he gravitated towards this?
lol yeah i detected a sense of something... i think that just means don't start wars with other people/groups then expect us to back it up OR if WWIII broke out we need to protect them in turn.
he was 13th in line for the throne... give him a fucking break for wanting his own kingdom! And the only real "bad" thing he did was lock Anna in the room when she was dying... that bitch was singing about true love the day she met me... i should take her crazy ass out :P  edit: he even saved Else from being shot by that one dude...  edit 2: yeah i guess he was about to [murder Elsa](http://33.media.tumblr.com/ef21c17b0a335d1c97f44045426c7e8b/tumblr_inline_n05poe2AbQ1qk3ggq.gif) when Anna ran in and saved her... HE WAS SO CLOSE THO lol
*sigh* this pissed me off just reading it...
I really hope they do. which reminds me i should go buy some ex primal items while they are still cheap!
Jeez all this over some dick pics... or do they actually think they are making a difference in terrorism?
oh i'm sure you're a shining example of a human being... your ability to quickly judge people for one reminds me several bags of shit.
i.... i just dont get it... you asked for the money and they said sure whatever. What if the said no? what if they just froze (fear) and did nothing? Its not like you could reach in there and force them to do it. Did anything like that ever happen?
could it something as simple as core size? What if Uranus just has a smaller core producing less gravity which in turn produces less heat and Neptune is "big boned" lol so shes puts out a little bit more heat.
hopefully some creative minds over there can come up with something like this... a freaking cat bowl or litter box that unlocks all cat minions to freely roam around your house... except fat cat of course, he don't get around much :P
oh it would have to be re-imagine from the ground up, certainly a challenge. Creating one class that branches out to different positions on the team like goalie or forward etc... could be a start. You would still want it flexible in traditional FF-MMO style so you can fill any role and not be tied down to the first choice you made.
Im gonna guess a humanoid personification of Alexander... So like a knight.
Also if you lift your truck make sure to readjust your lights so that your low beams don't turn into high beams and blind every fucking thing in front of you.
it just makes to much damn sense now &gt;.&gt;
and the constant mouth breathing is hard to get past.
I for one am really looking forward to Machinist but now that we get [A FUCKING AIR STRIKE!!!](http://i.imgur.com/yZ7ZSiF.gifv) i'm officially HYPE!
Exactly... when your following the end game (raid) story that shaped the entirety of Eorzea as it is now. SE gonna have to come up with something a little deeper than whatever they can come up with for a reason for gobs to go all crazy on us and summon a primal, thats on par with the normal story of what the scions were doing... so why step back? Instead how about something steeped in the history of Ishgard herself... making alexander connected to the 12 knights that defended Ishgard long ago... with the goblins as their puppets.
story wise them being used as puppets works way better... using their collective prayers for someone else's main goal?
"The Undersized Party option can only be used for the following duties 2.X dungeons / 2.X Trials / Binding Coil of Bahamut / Second Coil of Bahamut / Final Coil of Bahamut"  whos gonna be the first badass to solo his/her way through all of coil??
it is all about delivery... that is why there seems to be a half and half consensus on which version is better. On one had the english version makes us think *deep* but on the other hand it makes us look unnecessarily close to EVERYTHING said trying to pick out some deeper meaning (which can really throw us out into crazy town fast) And even with the other translations... were being told very important information that can get lost in translation but if the delivery is off or seems forced we just feel like passive observers being told whats happening. Both have their moments but it will always come down to delivery.
tisk... casual &gt;.&gt;
yeah and the shield / sword oath one sucks!  ended up just going back to have both on the hotbar.
alex's body is like a clock constantly running, always turning :P
Several items have not had the source filled in... but this still gives me hope!
THERE IS NOTHING ELSE MORE IMPORTANT RIGHT NOW!!!!   jk made another thread looking for answers... overlapping ftw :P
pretty sure this is because the part of your brain that controls motor functions is shut off during sleep. So you're having a dream and your brain says ok lets run because the fucking raptors are getting closer, signal goes to motor function portion of brain, see's "sorry we're closed" sign, signal bounces back to dream and sorry this is a no go lol.
Also consider that many who have never thought of being a tank are wearing the title and responsibility for the first time... that alone is enough to cause this perception. give em time :P
this is going to get so many healers cleaved lol
i really hope they don't fix this...
Finding *any* relationship with God is just as hard as finding a meaningful relationship with anyone on this planet. As you pointed out you are single... so finding a meaningful relationship with just normal people has been a challenge, but i can promise you one thing... He wants a relationship with you. Relationship is the whole purpose! (love thy neighbors, honor your folks) its all about people (even though they can be really horrible at times) and if you want to start looking for God then you need to starting looking for him in all of the people you are shying away from. (not staying at home where it is comfortable and you know nothing bad will happen) He dropped a little bit of himself in each and every one of us... you just have to start looking.
As it has been said before different strokes for different folks. But have you considered the trinity before? (father, son and holy ghost)  The thing you are going to "on the inside" is the holy ghost... the little voice in your head that always knows whats up or is saying you know whats right. It's the little piece of God that was dropped inside of us from the start. Y'all are still going to the same source :P
[prove it...](https://youtu.be/AcqaHxI5-P8?t=87https://youtu.be/AcqaHxI5-P8?t=87)  or do you honestly think that out of the entire universe there isn't a single thing that exists that can't be proven?
...and i completely get that. And anyone who is acting like that should also be paying attention to anyone around them to see if they are barking up the wrong trees so to speak.   But on the other side you have God's view on blessings... He normally does not bless someone with something they need/want just because, he does it so that you can spread the wealth and be blessing to others. The more you give the more you get. This is why those who act like that do what they do... because it's part of the rules to give as freely as you received.
Science can not measure faith... and thats what it always comes down to. It's just easier to explain it as love because if i'm having to explain this at all it's usually to a person who does not understand faith (when it comes to God) But make no mistake it is real and based off my senses and observations I have concluded that God is real. Thats as far as i can go because the implications afterwards are to mind boggling for anyone to try and explain without fucking up. (where religion tries and fails)   So why is my scientific method (based on sense and observation) invalid because im talking about something you don't believe in? Or how about the fact that 95% of the worlds population believe this in one way or another... what about their senses? what about the life changing observations told throughout this thread?  The point is the title of this very thread, one day there was nothing, and the next day there was faith.   (edit of observing/studying/measuring faith: unless were talking about brain scans while someones prays, or the 7 oz. that leave the body when we die, etc... there have been notable exceptions but nothing conclusive like your looking for.)
dammit i didn't even half to get halfway though that to know that's where you were gonna take this... when it comes down to it man God don't want it easily know he exists (in a provable way, the only doubt we experience is created entirely by us) , that would completely defeat this whole thing hes got going on where we find and except him our self though life. That whole process would equate to nothing if it were easily know that he's just over there chillin in some 4th dimension.   but back on topic... you often see those who give but dont get back, normally has to do with some internal conflict with there life that they are trying but cant overcome (pain of past so on..) or even that act of given still irks them deep down. But that's ok because that just means it takes them longer to understand... and its a good thing God remembers because he stores up all the credit until your ready to receive it.  and almost every other thing you said is chalked up to free will... mans will is strong, greed is easily attainable through will power alone. But how often do they find that money doesn't mean anything compared to relationships and connections. Best part is this is all happening even if you want to believe it or not... hell this very conversation... im not saying everything's "causally related" ...everything IS related.
&gt;So when your prediction about god rewarding generosity is correct you declare victory but when it fails it's either because god hasn't done his magic yet or "because free will"?  when you break it down so simply... can your own intentions prevent you from being successful in life?   "You're just accepting them on preference and acting as though you have good reasons." ...could you give me an example of this? Also you talk of this model and apply it's results across a broad board... results may vary, exactly as i said before you get out what you put in... sames true for anything.
the only real asset these guys have is the internet they provide... and we've all seen how they handle that business. It's gonna be slow and painful death as they latch on to the helm of their sinking ship that everyone else is jumping off of. They are to stubborn to carve out a new place for them to continue business and to dim witted to create anything of worth.   The final nail in the coffin will be some new thing that comes along smashing their capabilities of an ISP, just watch :P
