Habs shoulda signed Shaw for a day
The Best of shit isnt really good imo.
Well jobs is dead so that certainly doesn't help him out in terms of earning more money.
Also is complete trash, keeps his trapper down by his leg and can't butterfly to save his life
I could do a lot of things with a million dollars
i should win because karambutt is dream knief
Just when I've had enough csgo for a day this pops up, God dammit....
Guitar and disco are my favorites
It makes sense, I'll play a game at MG1/MG2 level and if I'm on the other team calls hacks
Wouldn't having your dominant hand on top over use your hand as it's the only hand you're supposed to stick handle with?
So I suppose your home buy scoring is the creamy filling that makes you feel warm and bubbly inside?
I'm aware, idk why I'm getting downvoted when all I did was explain a shitty joke.
I'm wondering why your comment didn't get nuked with the rest of the thread
def a miata, i think the number plate may be from italy
No you're good, this whole post is confusing as hell
C5 corvettes are fucking atrocious
Yea summit lost hella money and wins about as much  as any of us would, it's silly to accuse him being rigged
heh what a fuckin nerd
fuck that, i understand not liking trump but hillary should be in fucking jail and executed for treason with what shes done
oh bull fucking shit, shes not just the most corrupt mother fucker on the world but she fucking exposed classified information to the entire world by purposely avoiding the fucking protocols that would keep said information secure. Thats fucking treason which is punishable by death. The fact that she is getting away with so much that has ruined and imprisoned people for far longer than "6 months to a year" is fucking bullshit. Send her to gitmo for all i care but you saying she doesnt deserve a long sentence in prison is just plain ignorant
Most countries don't have bloods, crips, Latin Kings or every other fucking gang under the sun who'd rather die than go to jail. Most of the people killed by cops are by no means innocent
youre dumb to be honest. most of the people kid by police are gangbangers who do not comply with police, often time are carrying weapons who behave with much hostility towards police because "they aint goin back man"
Same with Great Lakes, like this dude put St. Louis in the Great Lakes and not buffalo. Bruh do you even geography
Most people are keen to forget that aspect, half of our population lives in the country side or in smaller cities such as roc, buffalo, cuse, Utica etc.
It does not and that is why healthcare is so expensive. Hospitals can not refuse care whether the patient can pay or not. The ones who do pay end up covering for the ones who don't through incredibly expensive bills which then starts the fucking circle jerk you see everywhere. Get your facts before you start spouting bullshit and continuing the circle jerk
Pls giv Polaris :D   In all seriousness these cards look great and I'll probably pick 2 up if I don't win anyway
Stick with the 918, it's much more exciting than a panamera lol
True, the market shouldn't have even done anything. It's not like England is gonna stop trading now with brexit. Whatever, I got cheap stock. Not even mad
Wait a 10th of an amp can't kill you? So my electronics teacher lied?
ESEA master race
Ok while the first part of your sentence is true the second is incredibly inaccurate. If you do not want to see combat you will not see combat. The guys you see with PTSD are the grunts and SF guys, not the logistics people or mechanics or other pogs who never have to go to combat and never have to watch their friends die. While yes death and mental illness can occur, it can also be avoided. Not everyone has to be a gunfighter
Ahh ok, that's how I missed it then, I hate convertibles and I'm not a huge Buick fan
I don't think it's for the selfish reasons you do, I'm normally a pessimist but I believe these guys are incredibly proud of what they accomplished in ww2 and like anything that people are proud of they want to show it off
You still double clutch?? Damn you're old :p you gotta hit the rev match while your down shifting, clutch in once and you get going much faster!
The technology wasn't there 5 years ago for autos to be faster than stick (not true) so it would make sense that the faster car (stick) had a higher resale. Or at least that's what I think he was trying to say
Probably cause us millennials are so far underwater with college debt that we can't even start to think of purchasing a luxury like a sports car
Nah FUCK you guys snowboarders fuck up my terrain parks
I used to watch street speed but I just can't anymore. Idk why but his videos are just boring now
Even the hellcat is still slow, my buddy gapped the fuck out of a FBO hellcat with his 590whp Z06
You'll never see a cougar on the groomers where the casuals ski, but in the back country? Yea there's cougars man
Not if your only stock plays are options and 3x etfs ;)
I don't wanna one up op, but this used inventory might tempt you a bit more   https://www.reddit.com/r/Corvette/comments/5b5gh0/when_you_accidentally_stumble_into_heaven/?st=IXJHRX16&amp;sh=f8ddc004
Swapping a cam in a pushrod is like the easiest thing I've ever done...
200fps is shifty frames? Well fuck me sideways
Listen guy I don't think you've ever played hockey, because If you run the goalie you're gonna get your kidneys punched to shit. Goalies don't forget that shit
At least you're not 2 years in :/
I think it's awesome that RJ actually called the games ray played in and now they're an awesome casting duo. Shows how seasoned he his.
There's no intent to injure in this play, you can't even argue that. Please brush up on your hockey
Buff is a dirtbag anyway, I'm glad he didn't get in there. Especially with the shit fit he threw at the end of the game. And to everyone saying that buff could fuck up the whole sabres bench, Risto restrained him with relative ease in this clip
But we already have Larkin, eichel Mcdavid and Matthews, we dont need anymore talent   ^/S
