I think (or at least hope) that Bungie has it set up this way so that everyone gets a chance to play through the bosses.  So for example, I'm lvl 33 and didn't care to try Qodron last week because I didn't want to deal with fighting him at 1 lvl higher.  But now this week I can get a taste of what other players did last week, though it's not as difficult.  So in theory, next time Qodron comes around the rounds will be different.
I was really hoping that not only was it like this, but that the SSGSS color were based on the mixing of their ki.  So, SSGSS Goku would be orange (red god ki, plus yellow SS ki).  SSGSS Vegeta would be green (blue go dki, plus yellow SS ki).  Ideally I'd want Vegeta's ki to be red as well, so it doesn't get crazy, but when I saw the blue form this was the best I could hope for.  Very disappointed it didn't go that way.  As /u/Saratje points out, the golden hair is iconic and now it's basically gone.
You can still think it looks silly, regardless of whether it is historically accurate.  This is fantasy, we're talking about.  A bit of unrealistic design is expected and shouldn't be a bad thing.
Coulda just given himself cancer or a debilitating disease somehow.  And then you get Deadpool.
I enjoy Star Trek, but just because something "is the point" doesn't mean someone has to like it.  He says he didn't like it because it's too philosophical.  You say that's the point.  I say yes... And that's why he doesn't like it.
They are still pretty damn horrible.  They berate every single thing Harry does, don't even consider his words when he explains something to them; yeah Harry grows to be very sarcastic towards him, but then I completely understand why.  They really sorta deserve it.  Logic isn't going to work with them, so Harry doesn't bother with logic anymore.
People like you are the problem...  He didn't half-ass it and it's extremely frustrating seeing so many people out to demonize him for this role.  Ghost has plenty of great lines.
I see your point.  I'd personally like to see the TTKs of Thorn and TLW toned down just a bit; literally every other weapon in the game falls into neat little categories; someone here did the math on it, and I apologize for not having the time to find it right now.  But both Thorn and TLW were complete outliers and did way more damage than their "gun type" should allow.  That's frustrating, knowing that.  I just want them nerfed slightly to fall in line with other weapons, and then auto rifles re-buffed slightly.  Then I think we'll be at a nearly perfect state, at least for primaries.
Full Auto and Firefly aren't the best combo; better to have Full Auto and Zen Moment, which could help with the stability once Full Auto starts kicking in, and then you could have Explosive Rounds rather than a stability perk.  Or if you want Firefly I might suggest Triple Tap and Firefly with a stability perk; I personally love it.  Great against anything that doesn't dance around too much.
Yeah, definitely dollar signs scattered around.  Well, guess I know better now.
I just finished reading *The Silmarillion*. Iluvatar very clearly describes them as "the children of my adoption" vs the Elves and Men, who are "the children of my choice."  Sure that can be interpreted different ways, but it would seem to me that he does take them as his own in a way.  This is also the only reference I can find to the Dwarves and an afterlife;  "Aforetime it was held among the Elves in Middle-earth that dying the Dwarves returned to the earth and the stone of which they were made; yet that is not their own belief.  For they say that Aule the Maker, whom they call Mahal, cares for them, and gathers them to Mandos in halls set apart; and that he declared to their Fathers of old that Iluvatar will hallow them and give them a place among the Children in the End.  Then their part shall be to serve Aule and to aid him in the remaking of Arda after the Last Battle.  They say also that the Seven Fathers of the Dwarves return to live again in their own kin and to bear once more their ancient names: of whom Durin was the most renowned in after ages, father of that kindred most friendly to the Elves, whose mansions were at Khazad-dum."  These are two separate beliefs, but neither is given as the true belief.  I'd say it's up to personal choice, and I'd personally lean toward the latter.  Especially since there *are* a bunch of Durins that are *supposed* to match the Dwarven belief of reincarnation of the Seven Fathers.
True of all races and classes, really.
The instinct NOT to jump from a great height is really strong in our species.  Generally it doesn't end well for us.
What I mean is that she's still innocent to me, at least as far as being deserving of death.
Great designs, though I'd personally like them more with a standard "eye" on all of them.
Yeah turtles split off so long ago.  I was surprised to learn that.
Funny enough, I actually don't think they are *Deinonychus*.  I think they are *Achillobator*, which is exactly the right size AND lived in Mongolia.  *Deinonychus* was smaller than the movie raptors by quite a bit.
This is how I planned on eventually doing it.  I see shamans as basically being clerics of nature; they worship and interact with spirits the way a normal cleric worships a god.  Seems to be the better option.  The lack of spirit companion sucks, though.
He's sweet until you start fucking with his job or insulting him.  Then he's going to fight back.
The acting in A New Hope is absolutely atrocious; I realized that when I was rewatching the films with a friend a few months ago.  Only Obi-Wan, Tarkin, and James Earl Jones' voice over is really well done.  The acting in The Empire Strikes Back is leagues better for everyone involved.
The hell is this man being down voted for?  You ever see Wedding Crashers?  Horrible Bosses?  Forty Days and Forty Nights? Super?  The Rookie?  Female-on-male rape is constantly played for laughs in Hollywood, or at least not a problem.  It's disturbing.  And /u/Oldchap226 was using sarcasm to acknowledge this point because it's very relevant here.  And you guys downvote him??
Is that true, though?  Fist of Havoc was always regarded as "space magic" by the devs before the game was released (when we kept getting the same gameplay over and over again), and the Defender bubble clearly shows the Titans channeling magic in their hands and then throwing the bubble out.  They *are* magical, just in a more direct and brute-force-ish way.  They're not going to necessarily cast Magic Missile, but they can magically empower their strikes or create a ward/shield.  Different kind of application; still magic.  That's what makes a Titan a Titan.
His concepts of economy are concerning, though.  His policy would flood the market with Strength-based and anti-shank armors and weapons, which just isn't sustainable.  I do have to say I appreciate his social policies, though.
I'm of the assumption that the cells are stasis containers that you basically just throw someone into and lock them down in cryo.  They keep the guns because it's done hurriedly; no time to disarm them.  They aren't actually put in chains or handcuffs and then put in prison so much as they are captured in the midst of battle and contained, like what we see happen to Skolas on Venus.  Then for PoE the Awoken let them out.
Being outside the Crucible doesn't mean you die permanently though; Ghost revives are part of the lore.  Now it absolutely is still a Guardian killer; I just don't think the "outside the Crucible" part is apt.
You're right.  I just meant that the Ghost revives aren't a Crucible-only mechanic or something; you can revive outside the Crucible in the same way provided you aren't in a Darkness Zone.
Thanks, Dad.
Completely disagree with that.  Star Destroyers are the main battleships of the Imperial fleet.  They are ships-of-the-line and firm the backbone of the Imperial fleet as a battleship should.  Destroyers don't operate alone, as ISDs can, and frigates don't have the firepower to do what an ISD does.  The SSD is just a specialized and even larger battleship-like vessel.
The way I see it, not catching the Snitch gave them a *very* small chance that his team could have come back, and a very very very big chance that his team would lose 320-10.  That would hurt the team more than anything else.  I mean, Bulgaria won the last Cup anyway so maybe it's a moot point.
If I said that around my Chinese co-worker shed poss herself laughing.  There's racism from hatred and then there's.... well this.  Our generation is too easily offended.
Pisses me off and I'm not even a father yet.
Maybe we shouldn't be afraid of our wives?  No?  K, I'll be quiet.
"Crusader" would have made me piss myself with joy.  You get that nice imagery with Dark Souls and knights/paladins praising the sun in there as well.
It's much more likely that InGen had designed a couple of version of raptors, and these probably were a "reject" version that they kept alive for reasons, but then moved on to the JP/TLW versions.  Remember that InGen was doing its cloning in the late 80s/early 90s; if raptors had popped out with feathers or bright colors back then they likely would have said "Oh shit, we messed up.  These aren't right.  Back to the lab to start over!"
Well yes, it is explained that the purplish raptors with the quills are male and the white ones female.  Problem is both designs are completely different from the female raptors in JP and the males and females in TLW.    The explanation given is that the raptors evolved, but frankly that's illogical and comes off as JP3 trying to be edgy.  We see in JP that the embryos that Nedry steals have version numbers on their labels, and version numbers were a big part of the books.  It makes more sense that the JP3 raptors are just another variety that InGen made.
Sure sure, you aren't wrong.  I just need to argue hesitance for people.  Most everyone assumes she was fluent because that's basically what we were told.
Oh I absolutely would not disagree with you.  That's fucked.
True true.  Potentially much better profit margins.
Apparently it only takes a handful of generations for people to forget things; not *entirely* unreasonable if SS wasn't brought up often.
Don't downvote this guy; he's completely correct.  Birds fall under the "reptile" group.  They are technically reptiles just as much as lizards are.  Source: biologist.
*Iguanadon* that gets you more fiber would be awesome indeed; I'm not a huge fan of the *Gigantopithecus* idea; I like dinosaurs personally.  If not an Iguanadon then maybe an *Edmontosaurus*, or a *Maiasaura*.  *Iguanadon* would be more iconic, though.
I'd love this idea.  However, aren't the particular "favored" berries for each genus the equivalent of prime meat?
That's very fair.  You make a good point.
"Melanistic" I *think* is the correct term.
I thought it was the Galaxy-wide term for the children of any species.  Hence when you have a collection of many species' children, they are "younglings" rather than listing children, cubs, calves, chicks, etc.
Yeah, but at least they did have people's livelihoods in mind.
I personally find Abjuration to be a great school to multiclass into if you're a tank; refillable ward that *isn't* considered temporary HP?  Yes, please.
I'd go with just a wooden longsword.  With a medieval culture, the wooden longsword would carry an even more obvious statement of non-violence/refusal to kill, as the bokken comes from a different culture and might just look like a weird stick.
Oh true true, I was just arguing that there are people besides the Weasley's and Hermione that he considers to be more than friendly acquaintances, and seem to regard him in the same way.  Maybe not Lavender and Parvati so much, but certainly the other boys in his year.
You have committed horrible murders in the past.  You have violently killed people before; maybe war crimes, maybe you were a killer who is seeking forgiveness and repentance, maybe you killed children or something; whatever.  Point is, *you* refuse to kill anymore, as a personal vow, but you cannot and don't expect other people to follow your example.  Your alignment is thus "Lawful Neutral," you follow your own rules and personal laws.
