I see a lot of typical call outs on here, but not to the lovely platformers that made me want my PlayStation.  Sly Cooper, Jak and Daxter, and Ratchet and Clank all have trilogies that are so worth it! Platforming fun with witty cartoons! Also the PS3 exclusive, Puppeteer!  For RPGs, you must try Nier! I haven't finished, but it is absorbing! Ni No Kuni is another must have in this category.
At this point I don't think you're the teacher. You're a concerned friend of the mother's who is trying to help her son. When it gets to giving your number out and saying "I love you", I think you're actually not the teacher any longer  I don't think it is wrong, by the way, but I think you need to realize that this is a friendship with the woman. I think she needs you as much as this kid does.
How can they not have this in high school? Listen, I know I couldn't ever teach elementary, I just am not a fan of the formative teaching, the management at that level, and the tiny children minds, BUT there is no reason high school teachers should be left in the dust!
I love my talk radio!
All walking? That's too awesome!
Perfect time to listen to an audio book!
I think if you are this stressed, you should only look to assist. That, or you can look for part time, though I don't know how you are off financially. I had a .8 for the second semester and honest to goodness I walk grateful for the lighter load. I also switched schools, which I think was a major necessity.
I've never had anyone ask me about testing in an interview. I'm secondary, so testing has been wonky lately, but it has never been recommended to me to put anything like that out there, nor has it shown up in any questioning.  I mean, if this IS something your district asks questions about, I think you have a solid answer. You helped raise scores. Simple as that.
Percy Jackson is fabulous. Get it. Love it. Mythology it up!
I always chime in with "There are things in life you might lie about, but this is a terrible moment to try. You will get nothing out of this."
I'd say if you don't like it now, don't watch it. I enjoyed it straight away. It's like a Saturday morning cartoon and it gives me the feels when. I least expect it!
It is never okay.   Incidentally, I round up with my grades if a student is that close, but I don't discriminate on this either. Still, it is my choice as a teacher, not a demand of my students.
If your kids can't even read at grade level, you need to be focusing on that. It almost sounds like you need different groups of students in class. Assess half for the PLC data, and half for simple fluency. I know this is hard, but I felt like this was what I needed to do in my ELD classes.  I hope you can convince your admin of the fluency focus.
I've thought about this before, and honestly I think you just have to be aware of what you are writing and be willing to stand behind it. Is it the kind of work that would jeopardize your position? Is it racist? Sexist? Hardcore sexual?
All of them are repetitive. Whether it is running through the same place for the umpteenth time in FL, picking up the same ingredients in RL, or farming your crops in SOS. It's really a matter of what kind of repetitive you're okay with.  I've played all and the only one I put down after a week was RL. Honestly I feel like it tries to do EVERYTHING, but is average on all. It wasn't compelling to me.  FL is like a cartoon Skyrim. I loved it. I ended up returning it before I finished because of the repetition. I just got tired of beating up animals. It will last you quite a while though! I sunk 82 hours into it.  SOS is what I'm currently playing (between my upkeep in Animal Crossing). I have to say I adore this game. While it may be repetitive, I harvest and grow something new. I can change the way my farm looks. I can make furniture, and I hear there is clothing and so much more! I'm just focusing on main ting the farm right now, but I hear interactions with villagers can be beneficial. I only don't do much with them because I need to sell everything, at the moment, to make enough money for blueprints, recipes, and materials. If you enjoy Harvest. Moon, you will love this.  All in all, I think Rune Life is at the bottom. I think you're better off getting FL is you want cartoon Skyrim, and SOS if you want Animal Crossing with more farming.
Seconding SOS! It is good! I didn't dig on RF like others seem to.
Professor Layton is pretty great! There are tons of extra puzzles even after you've finished the game.
This is a crazy amount of work for a second year teacher.  Use your summer for solid planning. Don't be afraid to use the internet for pre made lessons. Don't be upset if some days are read-book-answer-questions days. They may be boring, but if the content is there, it is just fine. Use your energy to class manage and let your passion shine through.
I agree it looks totally cute, but it doesn't look like you even "compete" in challenges. It looks like a Sorry! Style board.   I got Mario Party and was sorely disappointed in how long it took to get to a dang mini game. If this is the same, I sadly will not purchase.
Way cooler than. I thought! I'm actually excited for it now!
I have to say that the kind of interview you went through needs to be the kind more schools do. I honestly believe the starched shirt, royal table where you sit at the head and are looked upon by the panel, and the questions they NEVER divert from, are the interview tactics that cause administrators to hire people who they will lose. There is no intimacy in that process. People don't really get to know you!   I'm happy you managed to land something with REAL people!
This looks like a great game! I'm really freaking excited for it now!
This! It was just too predictable, and not in a satisfying way. The atmosphere was cool at first, and then it just felt drawn out. I left feeling un satisfied.
Agreed. It's a stock letter. Be happy you got one! So often no one will bother even letting you know what happened.
It was this way when I started watching months ago. I could NOT handle the ads though. It is so cheap, so why not pay?
I absolutely loved Hunter X Hunter! Yet, I have read your complaints throughout the thread, and I don't think it's the show for you. The aura is explained in more detail much further into the show, but the "randomness" of people is not. It simply is, and you accept it. You appear to want something based further in reality, and Hunter X Hunter is not that.
There could be a variety of reasons:  1) it's summer vacation. They aren't checking anything until the deadline to apply is up.  2) you look great on paper, but people with "more experience" are getting in (I'm having this issue after the interviews and have likewise been told my resume is on retainer for anything else that pops up).  3) HR is going through paperwork and the principal isn't in on the initial step. Or it's the assistant principal.  4) did I mention it's summer vacation?
I don't know anything that is set up for this, but I would recommend Cosmos Latinos for short Sci Fi stories. Amazing stuff!
Thank you for going to Sam and Max! I was going crazy reading this thing without a mention of it.  I think you're right, we need puzzles back. I want to feel like I'm DOING something! In S&amp;M, I felt like I had to really work out what was next, or how I could proceed. In the latest games, I feel like there is no interactivity. I could just as easily read a graphic novel.
This is adorable! My favorite use of Dino minis so far.
Sounds like she would want RF4, or even Story of Seasons. I loved Fantasy Life, but if she wants to make relationships with people and put stuff in her house that is interactive, do RF4. FL house stuff is just aesthetic.
Exactly! Verbal is not binding. Be courteous if your find something else.
Yes. You are teaching phonics.  Will they know every word they say? If they are low, probably not, but that doesn't mean it isn't helpful. Hearing and speaking words are two parts of the equation. Having a lexicon, with definitions, and understanding syntax are different. Both are important, but you don't always learn it all at once.
Definitely give this a shot! If you ENJOY the mindless grind, but want something that has a great atmosphere, this is it. I didn't even finish it, because I became so obsessed with switching between jobs and just grinding them out. I still had crazy fun. There is also DLC for this if you end up loving it, and I hear it is worth it.
Sharing a room can be super hard. Are there other factors at the school making you want to leave?
Charter schools are a good call. Private schools too. Look into those.
I think Nier was only mentioned once, and I want to promote it. I haven't finished it, but I really enjoyed what I started! Great dialogue and story.  Folklore was also mentioned once, and you really should give it a try if you are interested in old PS3 games. Has a cool comic book cut scene style.
One of my favorite college professors said to do this. I listen to both extremes on the radio to this day. I think when you hear both sides, you start to see the middle ground.
I am hyped for BD2, but I have to agree that I hope there is not the length padding. I didn't actually play through to the end of BD due to it feeling horribly repetitive with little discovery, once you get into "replay, but harder!" Mode. I'm not a New Game+ kind of player, and I felt BD Forced me to play that.  I looked up the ending online.
Take a breath, rearrange your seating, and teach to the kids who want to be taught. I have literally turned desks to face the wall, given those kids packets, and told them when they want to join the rest, they can.  I don't find it cruel, I find it practical. I do make it a point to check in with my turned around students. More often than not, they will choose to join again. Rarely have I had a kid who actively wants to be ostracized. When they ARE that obstinate, I feel secure in knowing the packet work has the material I want them to learn. It may be mind numbing work, but it meets standards.  You have to do something to survive. It may make you feel like crap because you aren't reaching those kids, but not all kids WANT to learn all the time. Sometimes a kid has to find his or her way. Think of yourself as a facilitator, and you'll relax.
This is exactly how I was coming in mid year to a school last year. Do not put all of this on yourself. Do what you can. Focus on specific skills. Don't go too broad or you lose any significant build in one skill. Trust that you are doing the best you can!
See the comments about it being time consuming. If I had 50 students total, and not 150, I could do this.  It also depends on the class. My honors students would all do retakes. It would take forever to grade! My low level kids don't care. No time consumed with grading.
I give extra effort points on assignments. Basically, if a student wants more points, they have to show they are willing to go the extra step to bring their mastery up. I want them to focus on the material they have right now, not some superfluous assignment.  There is something in place at my school that allows students to make up an inexcusable absence, and on that day I give them an opportunity to make up a low point assignment for an hour of time spent there.
I adore progressive, but there needs to be a balance. I've worked at multiple project based schools, and what I've seen is that "fun" is being held so high that "rigor" is suffering. Creativity is fantastic, but students who are not given an outline more often will never make it to the tracks.  Progressive education is not for all students. Some kids just can't handle that freedom. They thrive in an environment of strict rules, hard deadlines, and lectures with notes. That isn't to say these are bad students! One type of learning simply doesn't fit all!   A truly progressive school needs to throw away traditional notions of "periods", "finals" and "homework". If you let students truly choose and dictate their learning, you need to allow them a wide workday that can be manipulated to fit their will. This is FRIGHTENING to most admin, but I've done it, and if really does offer great freedom and more personal motivation to students.   However, these students couldn't write you a standard essay. They didn't fit into the mold society has placed on a typical education. They also did not fit into a high academic language standard. These students could speak well and were confident, but without the skill and drill of vocabulary and DOL, they didn't have a collegiate lexicon available.
This coworker feels the need to ask everyone about whether they go to church, or saw someone at church, or had to bring up "faith" subtly in every discussion. Then says "That's good." If someone DOES attend a church.   I think she is weeding out the sinners.
I would suggest making your middle school experience speak to how great you would be in high school. You know what the base skills should be, so if students are lacking, you know how to scaffold to get them on track.  What subject?
ELA high school teacher here!   I think having in mind a book you would love to teach to HS is important.
unfortunately, everyone does not always want what is in YOUR best interest. I'm with WorstTeacher here. I bet this reference just doesn't want you to go.  Why can't you take this reference out of your call list?
Looks like the kind of game I could button mash to victory, but I love working the armor enhancement system and actually attempting good combos, so I'm taking WAY longer than I probably need to. Still worth it!
This woman clearly doesn't have much else to do. You should feel honored to be so important to her :P
