Each case is different but this case is strange to me. Considering it mentions that the boys parents knew or ought to have known.
You are putting your perceptions into what I wrote. I’m not saying it is  right on any level. Again I think it is strange that a parent would not take issue with a 24 year old being around their son.
David Spade  He is not suave or classy
Don’t let them take advantage of the situation. Log anytime that you are working more than 50 hours a week and make sure you take it back
Sell the car, save on insurance. The car isn’t going to all of a sudden become more valuable.
I wouldnt say Amish Paradise has any foul language either.
I would say that is illegal and wish them luck
Then hopefully the people can kick both of them out.
Its too bad that he will have made it farther to become president than anyone in your class ever will
Really depends. Is it for a portfolio or why is he/she producing it? I would say I monologue, a lovers quarrel, or possible a faux news cast
“Since we’re all in the business of ruining men’s childhoods,” Why would you want to make a movie that pisses off 50% of the population? I still think this movie is going to tank
I don’t think they were being sarcastic. I think this is a response to the overwhelming distaste for this movie.
great idea, but they do feed birds and are an important part of the food chain
I don’t think it would matter. But you never know
Highly doubt it. There are already over populated countries and they just keep on going
I don’t think it will hurt them at all.
We need to make big changes. Too many people are living in poverty under the current administration.
Probably theft
Sushi is probably the most versatile other than pizza
I think it is relatively small. That being said hotels are pissed because AirBnb members don’t have the same standards and taxation.
morals:a person’s standards of behavior or beliefs concerning what is and is not acceptable for them to do. Yes it is morally wrong. If you want to give money to Africa earn it yourself.
Others have given you the best option. Set it up that a portion of your money goes straight into another account. An account you can not access unless you go into the bank.  Use the envelope system as outlined in Till debt do us part.
I believe it is.
I would not pay for this.
I disagree. Roy Rogers uses grenadine. Grenadine is normally pomegranate or blackcurrant dominate not Cherry.
Two questions come up for me: When the boy was hired did he ask for more money? When the boy was hired was the business doing better? I really don’t think it is a gender based thing because the manger was a woman.
I wouldn’t call it sexism. Off the top of my head I would call it jealousy or insecurity.
If this is true, not sure that it is, wouldn’t it be better to get rid of women in the workplace and stop all of this bad sexism that is going around? Im kidding of course.
Best thing I can suggest is have your parents deposit a portion into the bank into an account you can not access unless you go down to the bank.
Death seems extreme but make sure they aren’t spreading it by others means I could buy into.
I have heard individual cases where it has helped but yes I agree not yet accepted widely in the medical community
it was easy
Learn to be confident
Super sexy
No Pulp. A drink is not suppose to have chunks in it.
Remedy is really tough.  Gatorade or similar beverage, Tylenol, And Sleep.
In his defence. He does look pretty cool
rainbow was pretty creppy
off the top of my head... pickles and chocolate.
I didn't vote for them but I think people were really pissed at the Conservatives and wanted to send a message.
fat, they are always fat.
He must like cats
better battery life
It will help you gain lean weight. You can't just eat meat. You need the vitamins and minerals
Nirvana in the NE. Which is indian is pretty good
It's illegal, it's a sin, it's unnecessary.
Sonic and Inandout burger. Those are the two I want to see.
I would teleport every where and not bother with a car or become the world's greatest magician
except all the added sugar and coloring you have a point.
walmart.  They sell everything you would need to be happy for a night.  Junk food, tvs, movie, pillow, blankets, airmattress.
