&gt; he used to read Flash comics when he was younger and was a big fan.   Nothing I love to see more than this. :) Like Capaldi and Tennant.
This is one of the most true comments here
Eh. I still think it's implausible.
Lyla is probably the breadwinner of the household. ARGUS work can't be cheap
I am 100% sure he did nothing but work for his people to get that high. He kept his peas out of his rice apparently.
&gt; your brother's step-uncle's neighbor   Wouldn't that also be your step uncle's neighbour?
I love this idea because Kate Bishop.
I'd say that's not a coincidence at all, no.
Yeah. I think so too. He committed mass genocide in Hong Kong... why exactly?   ...in fact, that's totally not surprising at all. I could see that happening in real life
No. Ugh. Jesus. You missed my point completely. I was trying to say these synopses give me belly laughs like those comedies do.
I loved S3 in general so whatevs, bro
&gt;Don't like  But yeah that scene was great and everyone in the theatre laughed when he made that self-assuring face like "yeah. I'm badass"
Ugh. I know you aren't trying to be rude or offensive, but that was rude/offensive. You should work on that.
Wow, I never thought of comparing them and scoffed when OP said they have a similar look but this... wow
It's a beautiful name, yes!
No, that would still be cool.
So no Don Cheadle?
Eh. That's pretty risky honestly. I think Sun is gonna get out of prison via some kind of legit means. Maybe nearer the end of Season 2.
Oh God if this guy does an AMA for... Expendables 4 (?) he is so screwed
They have good shows
Okay continue to be bitter and I'll continue to enjoy a fandom.
Kala is absolutely gorgeous and she's the purest and most innocent character on the show. That's always something I tend to love in characters. Capheus has some of that too.
*Frank Underwood voice* Power.
Meh. I didn't hate it. Honestly.   Also they can still make it work.
It wouldn't be the first time. We're sensitive because people think they're inferior.
Too soon.
Still... That doesn't give him the excuse. He's pretty much a monster to me but he can be redeemed.
Ugh. Absolutely. It's like they forgot to give her any redeeming qualities. Like we see flashbacks with Alex, Healy, Pennstatucky, Red and other characters we were supposed to hate and we suddenly began sympathising.   Cindy's flashbacks just made me like her less.
ahhhh okay. I just don't think he'd disappear and go on the run like that
Why would you want to go there? The FPH people are going there.
I think the low budget feel of it was great. I loved the scene.
I can't believe I'm saying this but the methheads are pretty great in this episode
I think this was the first death on the show that truly topped that
God, I really thought this was gonna happen. And now Arya is probably Matt Murdock'd up, Jon is probably dead and life sucks
Nice that he and Polly got a good thing going though. That's nice.
&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; Oh my gosh, well that's awful
That said, there's still a lot in common between the two characters I think. I hope some day, there's a Netflix Original crossover special or short or something (non-canon) where Matt Murdock is the lawyer of one of the inmates and Frank visits Litchfield.
That dude was probably the only major guy in her life who ever treated her with some dignity...
Ew, don't say that about Justin Bieber
Eh. I don't think that's sexist. It's a generalisation for sure (which isn't good) but not a serious one.
That would be great!
what. time to nope the heck out of my country.   Nah. Jk. We aren't in the running. Australia still wins
Haha. Those last few episodes coming up to the end were amazing
Yeah I don't like it either. If you just say "Who's your favourite Doctor?" they might not know what you're talking about.
I sincerely hope May has a niece or nephew by marriage that calls her "Aunt May" even though her name is Melinda
They aren't.
Sigh. Yeah, I think I really woke up to the characters this season. I hate Morello, Bennett and Piper and love Pennstatucky and Alex. Wow.
&gt; good console  You have now been banned from /r/pcma-- oh wait.   Joking aside, yeah. PS2 really was good.
Wow, I see how what I said could have been misinterpreted. I meant there's a logical explanation for Black Widow not being in the pic, not there's a logical explanation for complaining.
Somehow the writers on other shows I watch seem more prominent. Maybe because the subject matter of the shows are generally more nerdy
