Carew is definitely a 2B
Holy shit that was nearly an all-timer of a game-winner.
What is your basis for Felix going up (aside from owning him, I assume)?  He's doing worse than last year, which is what his ratings were based on.  The guy's already a 97, just because he's doing well doesn't mean they HAVE to bump him up.
Nice, Ryan is unhittable
Yeah that seems like an anomaly
28 stabbed, ZERO dead.   Sandy Hook: ??? shot, 27 dead.   Do you think that the lack of a gun MAY have made a difference?
Niekro is ridiculously hard to hit
He's still dead before I am
This is amazing!  Great work
You wouldn't happen to have either Backes or Pietrangelo along with Senko would you
Would you lend just Tavares for a 5k tip?
Honestly when I saw his comment in your HUTRep was deleted I thought he was just trying to use a fake sale to you to make him seem legitimate.  I was wrong, evidently.
I agree, you could even make it a big deal when a guy is going for or holding the title leading up to his breka.
Guys have said in interviews that it is impossible to call those big multi-man matches (especially ones with weapons or whatever) on the fly.  It makes sense, 1-on-1 you can communicate with each other, but when there's 6 guys flying around everyone needs to know everything or someone will get hurt.
That Vermette is going to be really solid
Yeah I'm looking at the 85 TOTW Kuzy, I just worry about his overall game.
Spurs have the better SRS (12.41 to 10.73) and on pace for one of the greatest defensive seasons (relative to the league) in history.  The gap between 1st (the Spurs) and 2nd in DRtg is equal to the gap between 2nd and 17th.    The Warriors have been slightly lucky and the Spurs somewhat unlucky (they're 33-6 and 2-3 in games decided by 3 or less), but they're just two ridiculously amazing teams.  If they don't meet in the WCF it will be a shame.  They're a combined 40-0 at home.  For fuck's sake that's amazing.
You're wrong, if you control the player in the centre solely to stop the cross-crease then that's not "skill zone" or whatever.  It's when you sit there and never move the entire game (and never control the defense on the rush, always let the AI play) that it's an ass thing to do.
Yeah I did a google search, he entered one evidently random event.  I mean I understand some of the arguments pointing to him being on something but that's a pretty weak one to throw in.
Neither one is expected to get any upgrades and nobody east of Alberta gives a shit about Vancouver so...yeah
Or it's because Wikipedia is fact-based and that listing reads more like a blog post than an encyclopedia entry.
Then why bring up their culture when the EXACT SAME thing happens all the time in North American culture?
First, google "grope" on any porn site and you'll find plenty of NA examples.  Second, millions?  really?  And I'm the stupid one?
You're telling me that rape, sexual assault, gang rape, harassment and dehumanization of women DOESN'T happen in North America?
McDavid is still just an 87, and POTG Draisaitl deserves to be good
Well yeah, this makes sense (depending on the full story).  If it was a situation where a stumbling drunk and obviously confused kid broke in and the guy pummeled him, that's still assault.
Well yeah they might charged him with underage drinking and B&amp;E but the other guy still gets assault charges.    If I do a line of coke and then I get robbed, the other guy still gets charged as well.
Depends on the situation.  For example, drunk in public is a crime.
If you can find a source to back that up I'll cede the point, but I think you're wrong here.  Again talking about dog/bear mace (which is legal in Canada to carry), I don't see how it is any different than defending yourself with a baseball bat that you happen to have in you car.
You can try it, but it's a terrible plan that makes no logical or mathematical sense.    He will need another (very unlikely) upgrade just to be equal to OEL, who sells for 50k (PS4).  Maybe you'll get one or two suckers to pay 70 or 80k for him, but this is like one of those get-rich-quick schemes from a bat sitcom.
Players are rated by skill.  Using an injury to alter that is not how they do it, period
I said multiple times that it wasn't going to work.
The hypocrisy here is amazing
How about that?  Fuck yeah
I thought they would do that, but I'm wondering if they want to go straight Zayn/Owens as a rivalry or if they're going to push Owens/Styles.
Mean Creek, I think
She made a forearm smash a believable finisher in women's wrestling.  That says something.
Pretty sure he still counts against the cap, doesn't he?  I didn't notice any difference.
That's not my issue, the problem is him eating up a ton of cap space when in reality he doesn't
I'd love to see them debut the Raw BEFORE Mania, if only because it's in Brooklyn and the place will go insane.
You must be a hoot at parties, Mr. Literal
Damn, that 1 block (and the 2 missed shots) prevented the 17 trillion, which would have been the highest trillion in NBA history (I assume, I've never seen one at 10+
Well no, because the gap is 15 years, the gap is not 15 years old.  That would just be grammatically incorrect.
Don't get mad at me because you completely missed the point.  And yeah I'm not "on you" junior, I'm the guy with the epic shitpost.
Right now you pay more per capita in health care than we do.
Agreed, as it stands that card with Circle on any type of board is insane
For what it's worth I do find bunting has more risk last year than this.  I've popped up (and induced pop ups) far more often and low-rated bunters do push it foul fairly often.    With that said, when Yoenis Cespedes reaches 1st on a bunt that he puts on the first base side of the mount because my third baseman is the one to play it...I get a little pissed off.
Larkin was running, I think he's 83/88.
No fault on Osuna at all.  Runner on 2nd with nobody out and the heart coming up, that's an insanely tough situation
Holy shit I hate people like you.  He was at 95 pitches, had 12 strikeouts with TWO balls that had left the fucking infield.  Yeah let's pull that guy.
