That's more like you're change back. A refund would be all the amount they took.
I think he means it's not printed what the money is used for.
If you pay ten bucks for a beer that's sic bucks and get four back the four is not a refund.
Change with no interest.
Wet means vermouth.
The link you posted is basically quoting my original statement. "Wages have stayed the same" vs "wages have barely budged for decades"
He hooked himself. Implying he's not too smart.
Better in the sense that it doesn't take oil to make and is completely renewable?
I would argue it does as you scale up for production. Just to pull one of your examples how many years would it take to grow a coconut tree just to use the byproduct of the fruit and not the entire plant?
We're in debt to them because they purposefully keep their dollar low and exploit workers.
The difference would be wolves not stray dogs.
Never here. Politicians in my state do whatever they want once elected and it's pretty damn hard to vote out incumbents.
He just defined the word. I'd say that's checkmate dude.
Probably just wait ten years and send in the robots.
Did it work? I'm actually curious.
To be fair we took all five miles. No animal in the history of earth has made it this far yet. We will eventually fail no doubt but the next big thing will see all we left behind.
Hey that thing that got destroyed that cost billions of dollars and years to build? Some rich dude has another one. Crisis averted.
Wait til it comes out their super pacs are buying our presidents elections.
He should've sucked his dick.
Meh I dunno. I seem to remember Bart Simpson getting an elephant from a radio show on this premise.
Whitest video I've ever seen.
Dude just doesn't get it. Let's cut our losses on the one Asian dude that doesn't get math.
Live in your car be home faster!
Live in your car be home faster!
I get that it helps you get to work to make the 30k which may seem like the return on your 3k purchase however roi would be if you sold the 3k car for 4k.
Fat kid still fat.
Pretty much just wants to be from the 1910 to 1940s era dude with a cell phone to post shit on the internet.
I thought a drunk driver plowed these down last year.
Jesus lizard is a sweet band.
It's poptarts all the way down.
Fried beer raviolis!
Yeah fuck them.
The world went and got itself in such a damned hurry.
So maybe don't call them korea anymore? Why is it's south Korea's responsibility?
I think it's inevitable.
He wasn't wrong in 2002
Uh except the name fallout sells itself. Why pander?
Ten rapes sounds like a lot. When is amateur hour again?
We also don't have to worry about bears like they did. It actually made sense to have guns back then as nature was not our bitch like today.   Without a common enemy we create our own. People killing people over emotions. Adults throwing tantrums with bullets.
No sarcasm or anything but *why* do you carry?
Took me a while to find the guy with any sense. The people want the right to defend themselves from other people who have the right to defend themselves. Everybody is the good guy in their own eyes. Pretty sure I can live my whole life without being worried about being murdered.
Letting women die due to pregnancy complications could be viewed as murder.
Guam still not too pumped.
Those two sentences are contradictory.
This was hard to read.
Am I wrong in thinking our sun is 14 in galaxy years then?
No wonder my sun is always jerking off.
Pragmatic and dark. Pretty good.
I think they are mounted next to the espresso machine in newer fridges.
Maybe even tattoo them with barcodes?
