No way, even Byron wasn't as bad as that demon :( All out religious demonic force with terrible CGI flames? I'll take the singing Byron over that any day...
Lyta's development through Byron is interesting though. The telepaths weren't that interesting as a group, but seeing how the others interacted with them revealed a few new things. In particular Sheriden having to deal with troublesome rebels, and Lyta learning the truth of how warped and used she's been. If the Byron arc had been condensed and more thrown in about Lyta's resulting terrorism involvement I think it could have been far more gripping.
You need to calm down and step out of this thread. It's fine to dislike a game, but don't start attacking individuals.
Few dozen is fine for this sort of gathering. Do it! Get IRDC USA 2016 scheduled now!
Well there was a push to maximise numbers on this to make best use of the space. If you're restricted on numbers then concentrate on getting key people instead.
It's most of what we received - a few we couldn't use due to audio issues. But in the scale of all YASDs ever, this is nowhere near representative of the total human suffering roguelikes have caused ;)
I'm not sure if I have much positive to say about either topic, but I'll see if I can get on people with different views ;)
Give Hoplite a go. It's a mobile game, quick to play, very tactical, has the core roguelike formula. I know very few people who haven't found it addictive :) From there try to branch into the bits you like the most or what you feeling is missing for a fuller experience.
Sad fact is the same is true about fantasy. Fantasy is utterly limitless, but it always ends up Tolkien spin-offs.
PRIME is like a sci-fi version of Nethack. Might want to check it out for inspiration. Does a lot of fun things - has corrupted floppy disks and so on.  What I'd love to see is a cyberpunk roguelike :)
Butt of the joke? This is a silly way to think of an xkcd strip. I took it to be an absurdist piece (think if it had been coffee instead) with maybe some reflection on people that do drink beer just to fit in (definitely happens).
Randall lives in the Boston area - I find it hard to believe he's not exposed to good beers. Option c) is that he just genuinely doesn't like beer, option d) is that he was making an absurd joke.
I feel like this is beyond even the 7-year mark, into an 10+ year zone of "embarrassing to man and beast in both our languages".
It would likely work a little better than there because we'd have regulars coming to post their LPs every week. Less need to constantly teach the rules to newcomers.
Other countries like Turkey have physically blocked the likes of Facebook for a lot less.  Not that this is relevant - reddit haven't given any law-related reason for their actions, just their own community standards. The whole point of the xkcd linked at the top is that the rush to the law in these debates is absurd. If you're kicked out of a social place for doing something against the rules of that community and your only recourse is "yeah, but it's not illegal!" then that probably makes you more of a prick.
The banning reasons was for harassment, not free speech.  Not that I care about the free speech element. There's no such thing as true free speech, and expecting that from a commercial organisation is in itself worthy of ridicule. Getting into a storm over not being able to tell fat jokes is downright hilarious.
You're saying a harassment policy is a bad thing?  They've evolved their policies to deal with becoming a much bigger thing that when reddit started. As this happens you inevitably need new policies to keep in tow the most extreme elements. And you inevitably piss off a few people in the process...
It's interesting that you attack Pao for having ideologies when your real problem is that she doesn't follow your own extreme ideology.  I don't really think ideology has much to do with this from the admins. They have rules, people broke those rules. If it was really ideology driven we'd see far far more than just 5 subreddits banned.
I love how "slippery slope" is used to attack everything. Banning FPH is a slippery slope to restricted speech and supporting racism! Allowing FPH is a slippery slope to all-out wars between subs! Ultimately saying something's a "slippery slope" is outright reducto ad absurdum - anything can be a slippery slope to anything else if you want it to support your internet argument.
Yeah, it is that extreme a view, because as you know illegality gets crazy hard to define in this situation. You can go full permissive or full totalitarian with it - many reddit subs are absolutely illegal in various countries.  Reddit is a corp with a media interest to protect, so expecting them to only act in the most extreme illegal cases is not reasonable. But even beyond that, there are many dickish things in the world that aren't illegal - we shouldn't defend them just because they aren't outright illegal. The law doesn't exist to provide a moral code for social interactions - *we* decide that by what we say and do.
I see it as extreme because it's impractical for a social group. As a comparison, /u/soccer never did anything illegal or against reddit rules, but we all bloody well wanted rid of him.  The essence of Western freedom of speech legislation means that the law only gets involved at the most extreme of cases. The law is almost worthless for any sort of social moderation, and using that for the only rule leads to... well, 4chan.  To me this idealism of minimal administration is an impractical dream, especially on a site as big and as noted in the media as Reddit.
I don't think its been working entirely hunky-dory, and in particular I think online hate groups have become much more active and organised in the last year - Gamergate especially. Reddit don't want this place as home to organised harassment campaigns and I think that's quite sensible.  Yishan Wong's statement seems to tie in reasonably well with what Reddit said yesterday - they're banning for actions, not opinions. Harassment of individuals is not a form of free speech. I don't entirely know what harassment went down (I've heard of many allusions to pics and doxxing of imgur employees, and pics of a trans teenager misused) but it seems clear they're not attacking ideologies, which is why so many horrendous subs still stand.  I agree that it still seems inconsistent, and that Reddit admins have been poor at communicating their actions. Transparency is something they said they wanted to promote but aren't doing too well on so far.
Well, the harassing bit of Gamergate, as opposed to the general complaining bit or the serious about ethics bit, or whichever other bit :) And part of the problem here is that fatpeoplehate was being used innocently by many to make jokes about fat people. But some, including the mods, were misusing the sub terribly. The stories about attacking suicidal people sounded especially bad. In fact it's pretty awful that nothing has happened till now.  Illegality is very messy in these situations!
If you pray whilst on good health with poison or sickness then the god will heal the ailment. So effectively pray twice in a row to save yourself from strong poison. Also if you keeping applying first aid after each poison spasm it helps you survive.
Would you prefer another generic fantasy dungeon crawler? :P
I wonder if the "Seal Team Six" thing is actually a double-bluff. Everyone thinks There's just that unit, whilst the other 5 operate in secret. When people hear things about teams 1-5 they assume it's a deliberate navy hoax...
One of the issues with the dungeon is that it was intended as a very late game thing, after one has learned the full lore of the orcs. But gameplay wise the incentive was for people to do it first thing in the East, because of the effect on patrols and all the easy loot and xp. So new players were being told to go do that first, and without the context of the orc's history were presented with something horrific that seemed out of place with the rest of the game.  I also think some of the language used is more accepted within some subcultures than in other communities internationally. Mentions of "distended vulvas" in particular seemed to gross people out! I think next time I'll introduce something with bulbous penises... ;)  It's easy to be critical of people who are offended by something when not offended yourself. But their criticisms are still criticisms, and if people don't like the content then it may simply not fit. Getting defensive about it doesn't help anyone.  If DarkGod wanted to reintroduce the zone I'd suggest only having it appear for people who have already won the game, or who have already collected all the orc history lore. With context (and a few gameplay tweaks to reduce the zone rewards) I think people would be more accepting of it.  For the upcoming orcs expansion as far as I'm aware the breeding pits will still be canon, as well as the sacking of them by the evil adventurer from the West. The impending doom of genocide will be a significant factor in the plot for the orcs.
That might have affected things a bit. You didn't get introduced to the characters in the right way, you didn't see them grow as much over time. The characters are the heart of Babylon 5, and especially important is seeing the season 1 buffoonish Londo and rage-fuelled G'Kar change into the people they become later.
Not enough Summer Glau. Though personally I thought Furiosa was cooler.
Well you have all the major boxes ticked there. Hell, there's decades of gameplay in those titles, why do you want anything more? :P  My only recommendation might be [The Curious Expedition](http://www.curious-expedition.com/), with is an exploration-based roguelite with survival elements. Managing resources whilst exploring for treasure / trying not to go insane is very fun. Doesn't have traditional roguelike combat and interactions though.
It's more a matter of quantity. Roguelike-likes tend to be commercial and much more successful / well-known than traditional roguelikes. This means more people are doing LPs of them, and there are more financial incentives going round.  Anyone doing a traditional roguelike LP on the other hand is clearly doing it out of passion.  So we had the problem here of people posting numerous LP links, and usually they were people with zero post history here and zero connection to the community. It was spam essentially. I don't have the time to check every post to identify spam so I made rule 2 as an easy way to filter things while still being transparent.  Of course it does mean some good content gets blocked, which is why I started the weekly LP round-up thread. Anyone motivated to post there must be part of the community :) Whether it works out or not remains to be seen!
I think the sections where people could vote for multiple options would be better represented with bar charts. Otherwise, good job!
That's a tricky question because you then have to consider what does or doesn't fit the bill. It's not something that can be easily enforced.
7DRLs I'm not counting for that question, as many are easy to beat and many meander from the traditional path. Some people don't count 7DRLs as traditional at all due to lower scope.  But yeah, that question should maybe be "a big traditional roguelike". The point is to see how people fit on the spectrum of play experience, though the simple "number of years" can indicate that too.
Zero G hot tubs are the best :)
The curmudgeonly people aren't the type to go to these events :) Plus I think many people are nicer in person than they are online...
I can imagine zero g water torture being even worse!
Up to your opinion when filling in the poll!
I think 1-5 is about right for people to make snap decisions. The stats all get aggregated anyway, so I don't think 1-10 helps and makes it a little trickier to answer.  I'll have a think about how to approach the "current play" thing :)
Your opinion still counts :P And there is an almost won option - level 26 of Brogue definitely counts!
That's a perfect question :)
Yes, there's some grey areas here, it's hard to be perfect. But there is, I think, a meaningful difference between games where permadeath is clearly expected and those where it's optional or where persistency after death weakens the effect of permadeath. Certainly the voting so far has shown a meaningful difference, with strict permadeath seen by many as necessary for a roguelike but not so necessary for a roguelite.
Ooh, I wouldn't define it quite like that :) Procedural is when the structure is designed by the computer using rules, not something pre-designed picked out at random.
There's too much variety here to go into with a simple poll. Is ToME's lives system anti-permadeath? What about games like PrincessRL where losing in combat costs you time/development resource instead of ending the game, yet it still has permaconsequence? And is an unlock system after death as bad as Rogue Legacy's progression *through* death?  By including the strict/optional division we can at least see what number of players care about these sorts of distinctions in general.
I think any game feature can be done bad or well :) Hunger is one of the worst for this though, as it's very important yet often screwed up.
Yeah, that's an easy way of putting it! Procedural = random + design.
In a way yes, but for new players it has the same effect of softening the introduction to the game. Essentially modern designers have taken one aspect of save-scumming and formally integrated it to make the game more accessible. Whether or not that's to the detriment of the game itself is up for debate.
I would interpret narrative-orientated gameplay as still being gameplay focus as long as the narrative stems from the game mechanics (Dwarf Fortress or King of Dragon's Pass are good examples). Where the narrative is developed *at the expense of* gameplay is when the focus is lost. Unskippable cut-scenes for instance :)
Yeah, on reflection I think "mechanics" would have been a better term for the poll.
Counts as a victory, yes :) Most people who have won Nethack did so with spoiler support.
