I hope to see more of him, but I have a gut feeling he's gonna become a wight eventually and that's equally sad and terrifying.
That's for sure going to happen at some point. Wights only die by fire (or pulverization?) so yeah Daenerys is gonna be fucked, because how do you kill a dragon *with fire?*
I thought the same. It doesn't make sense at all but.. eh?
Do you realize that you don't have a convincing argument? I want to understand where you're coming from but I just can't. You're thoughts on the Sharmat itself from comments in here are cool, but you still haven't convinced me that Miraak *is* the Sharmat, you've just basically told me to see it on my own multiple times.
I don't think so, but he's got a whole island of dragon glass .
Because I think it's safe to assume they have penises and vaginas considering all of their other traits lol
If you have a problem with that then you're going to have a bad time on this sub.
You're unwillingness to change is what's dooming the world.
You're only solution is "stop breeding" and you're a fool if you think that's going to happen to the world anytime soon. This would use less land, energy, resources and death than currently, but you don't even want to take the time to *consider* it because you've apparently got it all figured out on your own.
Hey, I was thinking this the other day! I think they'll all have such pivotal roles and make so many hard &amp; personal choices that multiple people could be Azor Ahai, or hell even all of 'em at once.
Him pushing Bran *had* to happen because nearly dying and disability allowed him to become the way he is.   The world needs Bran, so that makes Jaime a bro 3 times, ultimate bro.
I think you're on to something.
I heard that isn't true.
I know she's 14, but this is a show and can't be as realistic. Tommen got fucked and Myrcella had a makeout session this season and it's understandable why they'd bump up their age. They didn't want to show a 14 year old getting raped the first episode because no one wants to see that and so *ta-da* Daenerys is 6 years older in the show, and Jon, and Robb, etc. Even the adults are older in the show. Baby Sam is still a baby because they don't need to deal with a toddler right now. Just be patient.
Maybe they thought it was ~~silly~~ stupid for a girl who was just forced into a marriage she didn't want by her brother to be all up for Drogo's dick just because he's "sexy" :p  I don't even know if I'd say Sansa is even that young in the show now. It's been at least 3 years since the beginning and she was already 14-15 there.
Pretty sure next season is gonna be a lot of "guess what happened with a bunch of other people too" recap kinda stuff.
Everyone who was paying attention got it... This show is fast and the scripts have more meaning than dialect. People shouldn't be watching if they can't fully commit in the moment.
Why should we judge him for incest? Just because you think it's gross doesn't mean that it's damnable, especially since him and his sister have been consenting to it for at least a couple decades.
Don't hate him at all, if he didn't do that Bran would have probably never developed into the super-warg messiah that he'll be.
No one said the Lord of Light was "good". In fact, Him and the Great Other are pure neutral. They are forces of nature bigger than anything and they don't "need" morals. I'm sorry if this series isn't all rainbows and sunshine like you want it to be, but neither is the real world and that's GRRM's point to all of this.
It's definitely the way I see things now. Since the world pretty much ends at Tamriel (besides Oblivion and what-not) it ought to feel grand. A big ass scale also gives a lot more freedom for worldbuilding too :)
*From only one perspective* aka the whole purpose of the universe of ASOIAF. There is no right or wrong, just actions and consequences.
Breeding with 1st cousins doesn't really effect anything badly. It's when you start breeding with immediate family (siblings, parents, children) that the odds of something bad go way up.
Like like Ramsay *more* than Joffrey?? Absurd!
Nah dude that was hot. Bronn *needs* the bad pussy ;)
You're only getting down voted by those who want to jerk.   edit: point made  edit 2: he was at - 2 when I made the comment
Yeah she wants to fuck him.
When are people going to stop whining about the show not being a 1:1 interpretation with the books?    Brienne is somewhere else, big deal.   Stannis is a pure fanatic seeing the error of his ways, opening up a redemption arc.     Danaerys dropped a ring in the middle of a circle of dozens and dozens of horses that would surely leave a long lasting ring of dead grass and dirt on the ground not too far from a patch of burned land and animal bones. Is having one clue next to so many obvious others *that bad?* No.
&gt;High horse?  Because I don't like Brienne the Half-Wit and her dancing monologues I'm on a high horse?  Yes. All you're doing is whining about all the undeserved screentime/plot and shitting on her fans all because you don't like her.   Dismount.
Seriously. "The way she let him know she was receptive to dick was so bad!!" Umm yeah telling people you're dtf usually comes out in intelligent, well formed sentences in the real world /s.   Come on, people :p
I think it starts to become a circle jerk when a new post is made on it every other day. Hearing everyone complain is what has become tiresome, at least to me.
&gt; Let people be entitled to their opinions.
Oh it is, but I'm just assuming that's why.
You know games but you don't understand game *development*. This shit ain't easy or glamorous. No need to be salty towards Apple because it's just hands down so much easier to develop for the IOS.
Codependency?   &gt;Codependent relationships are a type of dysfunctional helping relationship where one person supports or enables another person's addiction, poor mental health, immaturity, irresponsibility, or under-achievement.  All of those sound like Sheo traits tbh.
&gt; I would rather give them the benefit of a doubt and not accuse them of incompetence.  Are you sure about that, because you haven't done that *at all*. I wanna play it too, but I'm not throwing such a temper tantrum about it. It'll be out when it's good and ready.
Bethesda isn't really known for having the best upper management or work conditions though, which could definitely be effecting things.
Yeah, Ramsay's only weakness is his adoration of his father.
That's really cool, but like I said *we'll see* when it comes to D&amp;D.   Downvoting isn't changing the fact that Bran is the *only* Stark warg on the show. Have you guys not been paying attention?
Why do people hate that so much? It's either that or just *magic*, and I don't have a problem with either.
I like you.
I don't really think Pokémon have sex. IMHO, Pokémon are more akin to kami or energy beings, and making an egg is probably just the parents coming together and combining their spiritual energy on a focused point that gets bigger until it's a complete egg.   Or something.
Because why the hell would energy beings need literal sex in the first place?
In Lyanna's eyes though Bobby B was just some NiceGuy who got her dad to say yes because he was bros with her bros so she ran away because she wasn't feeling the arranged marriage life then he went all postal and killed her bf and his family.
Holy shit! That makes perfect fucking sense... I don't really know anything of Wolf-Deer but I'm really loving the interpretation, and it seems so obvious just thinking about the names themselves.
Humans eat flavored salt from little tiny bottles, I'm sure the taste and temperature are pretty damn interesting.
There's a difference between paranoia and using your smarts. Cersei has had it out for him since their mother died giving birth to him, he knows he can't trust her ever.
I don't think anyone really knows. It's whole point though is that it's "opposite, but equal Tamriel" so take that as you will.
Who do you think it is? To me it kinda seems like Zurin took that mantle from Wulfharth after he was soul trapped and no longer a smoke monster.
Any kind of baked version, even from a dispensary, can make a room smell like butt haha.
