They believe that they are superior in all aspect..., and that their countries are being overtaken by these primitive savages? I don't understand that contradiction.
Practical-minded practices are like laying down a towel before sitting on a public bench to not transfer fecal matter. What practical reason is there for hiding a natural spontaneous erection?
I agree. Once you see that immigrants are just people trying to find a better live, it's hard to spout hate at them.
I disagree. Languages can be changed forcefully, if the desire behind it is strong enough. What gives me hope is the recent addition of a new word in English, santorum. (Disclaimer: I don't have any stand in that matter, only interested in the process of getting the word out.)  What I hope to see is a movement by all German esperantists to introduce something like 'dojcxo' to mean Germany. If they can push out enough literature, change all of eo.wikipedia and use it in conversation, I believe that the change can be made.
Like it or not, Microsoft, Apple and Android are the trendsetters in this field. As of June 2015, "modern" means a flat design with two or three bright colors, no grays, and simple silhouette icons. XFCE is about ten years behind I think.
When live gives you a hole in the wall, you make a door.
Does he actually believe that those are respectable sites, or is he aware of OP's bullshit and is cryptically conveying it by suggesting those sites to him? I seriously can't tell.
Thank god we know at least ONE thing that jet fuel can't do.
You should keep your job in a safe then. If you're parading it around, you're just asking to be robbed.
You actually made the trollocs look cute... They look like furries.
And the company is supposed to repair and maintain the fleet. Fuck, that's a really good deal.
She's the freaking Amyrlin during the Last Battle. That's like, the fourth most important and most heavy role behind the three Taverrens. If you want to excuse Rand for being the Dragon, you should excuse Egwene for being Amyrlin.
I think that was a shower head.
Ellaria is secretly an Aes Sedai.
&gt; Separating out the AsyncTask would mean somehow passing everything I need to the AsyncTask, which makes no sense  No, that makes all the sense in the world. Make the AsyncTask into its own class, give it a proper name that indicates what it does, then pass in all the data it need through the constructor. Pass in the reference to the TextView through the constructor as well. Why do you think that's a bad idea?  \* passing a reference to a View to AsyncTask might cause trouble, so hopefully your Task is shortlived. Otherwise, use something else.
They were stoic, not emotionless. Maybe you just read their faces differently from me, I don't know.   They were doing their duty, no different than when they patrol the wall or when they scrub the floor. Just doing their job. For the Watch. Nothing personal.
Yeah, until you end up with a 2000 line file. Different people have different style I guess, but I believe in breaking up the procedure into logically independent parts. Whether I use the method or class anywhere else doesn't matter at all.
So tell us, are you a sociopathic jihadist lizardian atheist paedo trans furry, or do you order steak well-done?
I don't know about that. Outside on a warm day, your skin can be pretty conductive.
Hunter would still make more sense than warrior, what with their engineered guns an all.
Jew crime: we must take all of their money.
I'm just laughing here because to most people, your sentence is completely gibberish. =D
Unless they present measurements of load time under controlled condition, I'd assume it's placebo.
It's like laundering money, but with your dead daughter-niece instead.
But redditors said the jewish slaughter is not ethical, because it causes pain to the animal. I'm confused.
Do we really have to suffer 10 months of this?
If the dog is innocent it shouldn't need to defend itself against the government. The fact that it's so defensive means that the police should really search the cage, could be hiding smuggled bones.
Nobody said you can't, it's just that you end up with shiny turd instead of gold.
It absolutely is. Your clothing, accessories, skin ornaments, hair styles, body composition, posture. All tell a story of how you think of yourself and of other people.
Just recast your Galleons into Shekels. The IRS won't touch Shekels.
As a non-american, what the hell is a credit rating?
If your problem space allows for a constant 'g' assumption, then it's perfectly valid to interchange mass and force (with proper conversions of course). People who chides you for saying "I weigh 50 kg" are just being pedantic.
It's weird when somebody would get laughed at on most subreddits for saying that they invested in BC "in case shit hits the fan", when in fact BC is currently being used for that very reason right now. It's not really a case of paranoia when the possibility is real.
I just can't imagine playing my mage without that double blink glyph
Haha yeah, I hate the attitude so much "hurr durr, I'm 13/13M why won't blizzard suck my ass more". Like, come on, go on wowprogress and look up how many people have done heroic archie even. There's even the big movement to help people boost up to get that moose. Blizzard spent the entire early portion of the expac catering to those elite raiders, fixing bugs and hotpatching mechanics. Now late into the expac they are starting to shift their attention towards the rest of the player base, the elites suddenly start crying that Blizzard is "abbandoning" them.
But what if the vulture is literally groping his dog and whispering sexually suggestive phrases? Surely the man has a right to punch the vulture in defense of his dog without being charged of battery.
In capitalist USA, companies boycott you
If you squint a little, yeah, it does look like an onion
What are these glorious orc- and troll-like creatures who are not hunchbacked? Blasphemy I say
In that regard, pandaren actually have a stronger case than gnomes.
What do you mean by shit exactly? WoD and MoP have incredible zones, in terms of graphics, physical layout, story, content density and music
Lobbying for more convenient farming versus more utilities/tricks for cutting edge progression? I hope you like that bench, cause you'll be sitting on it if you keep this up.
We are all Tywin?
I don't get this. Of all the BiS lists that I've seen, none of them says "Helmet A is BiS, unless you get warforged/socketed Helmet B then Helmet B is BiS". If you have an example, I'd love to see it.  A BiS is a BiS. If you get it warforged/socketed, great! If not, nothing changed. It is still the best.
Minimum wage is pretty arbitrary because it depends on what the politicians think "livable income" is, either just enough to buy a hunk of bread three times a day, or enough to pay for a small apartment and internet connection on top of the basic necessities. Usually we use median income instead, which is about equal for australians and americans.
Just roleplay as a Russian for the rest of the semester. Come to class drunk
If your house is being invaded by Canada, you might as well get the Canadian toilet flush tank, if you haven't yet.
On some news thread you can feel the tension between their xenophobia and their misogyny. "I hate these Arabs, but they share the same view towards women as me, so maybe they're not so bad after all, but they're still scums"
No, MC is a GREAT way of examining the viability of old-raid timewalking, for exactly that reason. People who keep saying that a past expansion was the greatest ever expansion need to recognise that it was due to external factors, like their age at the time and their social circle, and has nothing to do with the actual game. The game has done nothing but improve for each expansion.
What exactly sucks about ability overlap? All classes have overlaps between their specs. Maybe less so for mages and warlocks who only share utilities between their specs and not core DPS spells, but shamans had always been a hybrid class since Vanilla.   The only difference between elemental and enhancement is combat style and philosophy. They both use elemental powers offensively, they just do it differently. Having a little bit of overlap is totally expected.
