Far Cry 3 was awesome. Far Cry 4 sucked.
LIS is winning so many prizes, its fantastic.
Nathan is the kind of character you dislike in the beginning and start to like near the end.
The art gallery one was nice, everyone seems to forget about it. But overall im for the rachel outfit.
I did not expect that. Hella awesome!
Definitely not overrated.  LIS just kicks every games ass in storytelling, and im not fanboying right now, ive played many other games and not a single one was as good as LIS. LIS was a game i could instantly feel myself into the character(s). The only other game that allowed me to do that was Far Cry 3.  Plus its the first one that actually made me cry.
Black Ops 3 in so many categories? I cant take that site serious anymore.
Sounds a bit similar in some parts, but its still two different songs by different people.
Yep, i love the innocence and happy theme during ep 1 and 2, before we get into the deep lands of feeladelphia.
I'd love to play nathan, lol.
Hes an interesting character and i'd like to know more about him. Warren is just a typical school loser tbh.
Definitely the first one. I didnt like the second one in the game.. :c
That would be sooo mean. I bet you'd even PM me some pictures just to tease me.
I dont think so, its all rendered ingame and all the different visuals may loop at different times.
I agree.
21:9 will just break all the cutscenes, because you see stuff you shouldnt see.
Yes! I'd love to see more stuff similar to "Storm", "Sail Away", "Price" or "Forever"! :D
Thats quite kooL.
Its crap.
Well then... aim a little lower and shoot at the rolling guy?
Yet another no-skill C4 kill (:
But it doesnt even come with a helicopter.
I hope not. After border I certainly dont want such super small maps anymore.
No, there is no confirmation other than some devs planning/wanting to do it.    And I highly believe they're going to do it. There's no way DONTNOD and Square Enix are going to say NO to a Life Is 2 Strange. But don't expect anything before 2018. Their new game 'Vampyr' is set for 2017.
I actually loved the graphics.
They dont look similar at all.
Good thing i keep my cars tasteful instead! :D
06-11-16? Holy shit is it november already? ;D
I hella agree. This community rocks, although its getting less and less active members.. :(
The amount of topics, theories, reactions and discussions between every episode was amazing. So much fan art too! Shame you missed it, it certainly was one out of many things that made me love LIS.
But arcadius is actually the third best, its the cheapest after the maze bank west.
And you customize them all like a toddler with a bunch of coloring pens... :(
Oh, well then.. rockstar sucks at customizing stuff? :D
Honestly, it ain't worth it. The only use I found for them is Piracy Prevention VIP/CEO work and that you can get a helicopter when you load into online. But with the offices, you can simply call any of your pegasus helis now.. :P
One can only hope for a blackbeard nerf.
I think only epoch/overpoch is left. Origins should have some players left too.
Um.. i guess your character is drunk too, the way she holds that AUG...
Why not? Just fill it up when you feel like it and make the most profit when you've finally got it full.
What's so special about them? These are everywhere, at least in my country.
Yet its so unknown amongst people. Imagine where it would be if everyone would know it!
You should check out the E3 trailer. THAT downgrade is real.
Oi mate why so angry?
While this is quite confusing, all games should make it like that.
Isn't even that long to be honest.
It looks really awkward how GTA just does not want you to drift and tries to force you back on track all the time.
"EZ-LOAD RAMP" i cringed.
Its literally the same game. You're just forced to use steam if you have the steam version.
This is VIP/CEO spawned, not Pegasus.  And these always spawn on car paths, so it's your own fault for spawning it in there. :^)
Your argument is ridiculous. "Skill, Good players" - yeah the SMG11 doesn't require skill at all.
Its almost as fast as the X80 on straights.. i slowly regret buying the X80.
