Mmm... if it wasn't for the fact that Unity does a damn good job in the mobile market, I don't think Unity would be a developers first choice when compared to much better engines.
Problem with that is if you have a debt that massive, you're going to be executed or sold into slavery. If it was a lord, his family would have been annihilated immediately for that.
As decent of writers Obsidian is... I think they seriously need to learn how to get a gauge on relative prices and buying powers.  And another thing... I sometimes wander if they know what a METER is. 2m tells me that it's about a full sized man laying on the ground. With his feet being the center of the circle. Basically melee range This game makes it far wider than that...
But I loved that about baulders gate.  Plus Baulder's Gate was a near direct play on DnD 2.0. Icewind Dale did the same, and was based on 3.0 I think.  But Balder's gate also knew what a fair fight was. There were very few moments that it spammed enemies at you, and when it did they weren't all that powerful, you needed to make use of CCs and weapon switching, and the fights were still challenging.
They aren't made for beginners. But they easily translate to any platform. The only thing I'm not sure of is the graphics. Not because of hardware, but because it will drain the crap out of battery life.
Then give them a shiv or stilleto! Not a dagger.
&gt; a total clusterfuck under the hood with a single table having every disparate data   Last I've used it, it does it's job pretty well. It's terrible to try and read... but it does what it needs to, and it see's to it's target audience pretty well I guess.
To be fair, your ideas could actually be good even if someone else had it. Or if a game company rejects it. Watch Jim Sterlings video about Executives being idiots. Battlefield one almost got axed because executives swore with no basis no one would like it.
It's not exactly nonsense if you've benchmarked it yourself.
You need to be really careful about those emails. Usually it's best if you make it known ahead of time on how to get keys for reviews and giveaways, as they do help promote your game.  Such as that they need to verify that they are a notable reviewer, they exceede X-number of views on youtube, twitch, or what ever.  And that the key will be sent by message to their media account. Not the email address. And for the love of god, check their videos for verification. Reviewers and Let's player's are critical to your sale potential, but you can easily f*ck yourself if you get lazy and don't check everything.  In fact, it's generally best if you approach them. Not the other way around.
Let me start by this... HOLY WHAT THE FUCK! D:?  Alright... I don't understand this developer's thing. He's trying to enforce a legal notice about his game having [legal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V72tp2VHsHs) protection, and anything that uses the term Farcraft must refer to the "real" farcraft.  This is fine and dandy... but I don't think the developer realizes that trade marking a product is NOT absolute. In fact, it does not legally matter if his game had got the legal entitlement, if something existed with the term and name before it, it will always get beaten out. This could easily lead to the trade mark being voided as long as someone can combat and prove that their's existed first. This could even mean that Notch could just shit on him for having a title similar to Minecraft. This happened with Elder Scrolls and Scrolls. There was even an incident between two competing companies for the design of a laptop's battery and power supply unit. One company held the patent with similar designs, and another wanted to use this design. One of the engineers proved to court through an engineering notebook that had been legally signed by a local bank and noteried with a stamp and date that they had came up with the idea first. The court ruling ruled in favor of the engineer with the notebook.  This includes any minecraft maps, titles, or names that uses Farcraft. Along with the any word in the english dictionary. This is why we can safely say doom without needing to constantly refer to the IP DOOM. It is also up to the holder of the trade mark to actually hold legal action, and pay for the expenses. Given by his behavior... it's not a threat.  If you're school has ever forced you to take an engineering practices class, Patent, and trademarks are one of the first thing's you're taught. And are even given methods to defend, void, and fight against the legal system.  Now being completely honest here... I can actually respect him as a developer But not a business man, and increasingly less as an intellectual or person.  He has made a product that is in better shape than several other companies I have seen. Most notably the creators of Slaughtering Grounds. But it's literally a copy and paste of the mechanics and graphical appeal. The only thing he can LEGALLY fight about in this is the name Farcraft... and that is still pretty much up in the air.   Still... it concerns me to see indie developers reaching this level of insanity and bigotry that they are more concerned about making money or bullying... than actually making a quality product that people would probably like to buy.
That's... the thing. You're not going to get investors like this, and publishing studio's may end up being scared away by this public claim with no real evidence to the backing... and the stranglehold you've  placed on a Trademark that's honestly capable of being voided fairly easily by any company that cares enough.  You're free to take my advice with a grain of salt... but this is only a recommendation. And a serious one at that.  First: Back off on your claims and behavior. You're generating publicity, sure. But it's not good. In your "1 Billion" dollar product's current state, investors will not be interested. And trying to legally enforce entitlement to your product is making this worse. It's only a matter of time before your name becomes tarnished from your behavior. Once you get to that point, there's no recovery for you. Even if your idea may actually sell for millions, it'll be impossible to find someone willing to invest when you've hit rock bottom. Especially when you have no tangible evidence of success.  Second: Your product is currently not in a good state to be making these claims. In the public eye, this game will look like a blatant and unfinished rip off of minecraft. To people whom might not have heard of it, or your targeted audience... the game it's self looks terribly unfinished and more like a concept in design, then something meant to be a product.  You have ok looking screenshots, but the art direction you're going for looks horrendous, and the items floating around look more like clutter than well thought out creations. If you got a group of people saying "what the hell am I looking at" then you've got a problem that needs to be fixed immediately.  Remove it for now, and work on it some more. By the time it's a completely different game, it should be safe to put it back up again and see how it's accepted.  Third: Find a different name. Farcraft sounds more like a mod of minecraft, and as I mentioned before, the trademark can be easily voided by anyone who understands how the legal system approachs IPs, Patents, Copyrights, and Trademarks. Your biggest threat will likely be Microsoft, if they cared enough. And when they do, there's not much you can do to protect yourself. This will fuck you over more than you know.  Fourth: When you fix the first two problems I've mentioned, approach a publishing studio. Those are going to be your primary investors. A tripple A studio will not be immediately interested in investing in your product. And if they are, it's for claims of the IP rights.
Honestly they could all work. The problem is how well put together the two genre mechanics are.  Be-Jewled + Street Fighter = Puzzle Fighter, and the damned game was fun as hell.
It's honestly not that hard to break out of the "Same shit different day" thing. Just bring something new or different to the table. Sometimes it takes a stupid idea to get big.  If you are indie, your ambition and goal is to provide a unique experience. If you are tripple A then your goal is your paycheck.
Actually, your idea might be far better than mine. I'd have to manually test to see how far away the hashing would be to avoid a linear search across the whole map.
I can't really call any game engine a beginner's friendly engine if it offers you the source.
There really shouldn't be a debate to begin with. There's difficulty for all the right reasons, and difficulties for all the wrong reasons. Normally the difficulty setting is artificial, and is rarely ever a test of player skill, but how he can cheese it.
Yep. Always bring in a dev blog. If it's for a game, start a new one and blog as you dev for that game. This brings in a lot more attention than anyone probably expects.  Mostly people that are interested in the game. People who happen to hear about it, and want to know how quickly it's progressing. People looking for something new. And then the people who think they know about game programming, but really don't (talking about players on this note...)  It also offers a refreshing tastes when the user knows exactly what to expect from the game, rather than being forced fed a fistful of lies with fallacious and fictitious statements following them. *cough cough* Ubisoft *cough cough*
I agree here. The only difference is that in XCOM 1 the enemy knew ALL of your troops positions no matter what. And XCOM 2 gave the player more power with grenades, and the ability to elude the aliens by moving soldier's out of sight, and having them come back around on the rear.
The problem that comes with making games that THEY want to play, is that you'll usually run into a lot of copy and paste games, or games that are just open worlds with no content.  They want to play the next Farcry 4, Assassins's Creed, Battlefield, what ever is similar enough to these big time games, and is basically safe.  I want to play the next dungeon's and dragon styled game with a twist on the setting and the story, complete with both stylized and risky decisions.
No. It's a pretty good idea to learn it.  If you are completely new to graphics programming, starting with immediate mode is a good way to learn how the graphics pipe line works without introducing too many complicated subjects.
Mmmm... I'm thinking about a possible solution to this... but now that I think about it. I don't think that JPS is actually capable of handling weighted segments well.  Actually I take that back.  It probably can under a more realistic scenario.  In most cases, the cost of running through certain pieces of terrain only changes at choke points.  In the concept of the real world. Someone would walk up a hill in the wilderness without much thought because it's a shorter route... even if it's not the easiest.  If given the option of climbing a ladder, or taking the stairs... most people would probably just take the stairs. The ladder being incredibly inconvenient because it breaks the motion of walking.  When you think about that in the sense of data.  MOST walkable areas would likely be just a 1. The areas where you start seeing costs change, are doors, hazardous terrain (which are normally blobs o equal danger...), ladders, anything that could break a mind numbing flow of "walking".  If you run the WJPS in a senario like that, you'd likely end up with more plausible results.
To be fair... the HTC Vive is just a better product to me.  It doesn't have that weird jitter problem the rift has. And it was made with an outstanding quality.  Plus it comes with the whole kit.
No, I read this. But I think you're over complicating this.  **What overhead do you see in this, exactly?** A 2D array is basically a 1D array in memory, and the compiler will automatically put in such an equation. If you try using the equation, on a 1D array, you are paying the same cost for a 2D array.  If you're storing information about where each chunk is in a 1D array so you can run this equation, you're simply paying for MORE overhead than you would if you were to just allow your chunks to be freely floating around in this array out of order, and accessing immediately by Random Access via Array Index.  But the reason you'd use a 1D array to store your data instead of a 2D array is not for speed. But to avoid paying the additional cost of unused sectors.  If you create a world, open or not, and you have 50x50 chunks. You have 2500 chunks. A good amount of them will most likely be unused.  KISS (Keep it Simple Stupid) is not there because some eggheads came up with it and thinks its how it should be done, like english is with poetry. It's there to protect you from making idiotic decisions that is more harmful than it is useful.
I don't think using an Ubisoft game would be a good example of "Cohesive Open World Experiences"  It's starting to get incredibly lazy with them. With Watchdogs 2 giving a spark of hope. Ever since that CEO said that they needed to start making more open world games made me start paying attention to exactly what was going on in the games.  Sure they had a lot of content, but it's all really just a bunch of meaningless collectables that just feels like a chore to find. The side quests in most Ubisoft sidequests were just rinse and repeat, and got as stale as an old turd after a while.
I think it prevented the game from crashing by not destroying references.
To be honest... it's half way realistic :P  It's easier to go up an incline diagonally, than it is to go up straight.
Five years from now them. #ValveTime
You might be over thinking it. You don't really need advanced sounds for advanced technology. You just need something that gives the feeling of responsiveness and intuitiveness.  One of the things that I REALLY hated with movies, was how they make this "cool" advanced technology have by far the worst f*cking interface possible, or annoying sounds.  If you don't have to look at it for more than a second, sure I guess you have a reason to make it look horrendously complex. But if you need to use this on a day to day basis for extended amounts of time... Don't make it annoying, just keep it simple.  So... in short...  Simple sounding clicks, boops, ticking noises, or -slider- sounds will work. Keep the sounds short. They should not last for any longer than a quarter of a second. They shouldn't be obnoxious to hear frequently (skype's message alert is obnoxious after repeated boops). And honestly, a few elements can safely remain quiet.  Anything immediately important should have a sound. Similar to Halo's Shield meter. Where if it gets depeleted, you here it do an alert beeping sound. When it's recharing you hear a slow "wwhhoOOOOO"
You know... honestly I find out about more games with click adds, and youtube personalities than I do with PR companies...
Can I recommend that you make these into PDFs? So the formulas don't look like a mess of text?  @_@ I know it might seem annoying. But it really does help readability when you have some form of styling and formatting.
If you have Softimage, softimage is good with procedural generation of geometry.  However, I'm gonna recommend that you don't try to rely on procedural generation for your models other than terrain.
You trade away artistic style for complexity. For me, and I am sure many other gamers... I prefer a game to have it's own cohesive artistic style-where everything complements each other.  Than a game trying too hard to bring in new technologies, that may forget the basic steps of art.
It's not a trailer if the trailer doesn't capture the audience's interest. Raw gameplay is NOT a trailer. That's just a recipe for disaster in my opinion.  The SECOND video should be the ASAP gameplay. While the first should try to capture the audiences interest.
"best practices" are practices that simply worked for them :P. If you look hard enough, you'd find flaws and repercussions in them too.
I love your control over the pencil. You can see the strokes as a whole are all just one motion.
Ah, well if they refund the price, then I wouldn't mind the initial fee being a little higher then.
They also teach you how to fuck customers with pre-rendered 'gameplay' footage.
Digipen isn't just a Game programming school from what I have seen. It's highly accredited, expensive as hell, and tends to cover more topics than what universities do.  But... just going to Digipen won't actually net you a career in the real world. That's something you need to consider before going into debt for hundreds of thousnads of dollars in student loans.
No one is going to take kindly to anyone asking for free work that's going into a commercial product.
You will likely need to provide your own functionality to do this via Vulkan, or do as Panic said and upload after software rasterization.  Personally, I'd suggest adding the functionality if you have the time. You won't pay as much for building a buffer of commands and uploading to Vulkan, than you would for rendering on the CPU and then uploading to render again.
No... there wouldn't be a real good way to gauge a death match game based on Hunger Game mechanics. There's too many ways to cheese this, placing bad players higher than they should be.  If the game had multiple objectives to complete, or had ways to guage plays. Then sure, there'd be a way. But purely survival? No.
I wish they would remove the enemy team's immediate sight on her Camp marks. It's incredibly annoying that the enemy Jungler can either ambush you or immediately deny you a mark because he see's it the moment you do. If you're gonna telegraph Kindreds priorities that hard, give her occasional vision on her Player Marks, or just remove the marks from the enemy's map till they spot it.
Mmm depending on the match... I tend to Balance out Q and E with 7.12 rather than rushing a max with Q taking priority.  I've only recently started playing her... but I noticed that E is basically the move you want to use to finish someone off rather than to kite them with.  That final bit of burst damage is surprising. Like the damage it creates can be pretty comparable to an ULT that hasn't been augmented by AP or AD.  Assuming that Kindred's 80% AD is 100, that the enemy's at 50% HP 1000 (max 2000), and that kindred has 13 marks (which tends to be common in a lot of youtube videos... and my games)  (140+100+(1000*.21))*1.5 Crit Bonus = 675 Damage on a basic ability with a 12 second cool down.  A more reasonable 80% attack bonus would be 210 where Kindred gets 263 from being itemed up. 840 damage on a burst, which would certainly fuck someone's day up. Never mind the fact that this is not considering the two additional shots they take. Sadly, it's not true damage. So armor may apply.
The E is an execution move. And It's basically like a single target ult when you trigger the 50% bonus damage. On the third hit, wolf will replace lambs arrow to finish the combo off. I've actually gotten 1065-1500" damage on the E.  Kindred takes a lot of damage in the jungle early in. Wolf only attacks one target at a time, which gives the enemy plenty of time to catch up to Lamb and bite the shit out of her. Other junglers have either tankyness, massive burst damage, AOE clear, or self sustain.  I do like the changes. It made it easier to get going without needing overly aggressive play.  My problem was immediate information. I said nothing about preventing the enemy from discovering them. Right now, it's basically broad cast as a big ass "F*CK YOU" to Lamb as she knows that the enemy jungler would likely just go clear the camp out unless one of the lanes badly needs a gank. My thought is don't reveal this information to the jungler till the camp is in sight. Give Kindred a chance.
I was kinda hoping it would be a flat 3 marks across the board. 3 marks for intial 75 boost, and 25 for every 3 after.
Why anthromorphize wolf? It'd be pretty bad ass to control a floating wolf head.
Except this isn't popular belief in the world of runeterra :P.  Kindred brings souls to their final resting place. Her ult is even a big fat "FUCK YOU" in critical moments. Like stopping an enemy from slaying baren, or saving your friends.  Lambs quotes are even something I'd concider death to say. "Shine brightly once more!" "Not now, not yet!" "Savor life's closing act!"  Best of all... Lamb and wolf are not edge lords.
This is some really good information :U  Also, thank you for providing me an explanation on how to use Red Smite. I see a lot of people go for it, but I could never find a use better than the tracker's knife which gives you two wards that refill on backing.
I'd use it, but I'd not let it replace you moving your cursor back to click on an enemy. It also helps you when you walk into a bush. You can immediately attack someone who dived out of a bush. Or on the other side of a bush, giving you a chance to initiate.
