Hey now, I saw Naked Gun in there the other day.  They're not all bad.
The reason he doesn't like car debt is because the value is going down, while you're paying interest on tope of the depreciating value.
That's hilarious, it's almost like they're running to get back on the wheel.  "wheee!  that was so fun!  Let's go again!"
Don't forget all of your friends needing head gaskets.
Volvo pls dont
Well its not supposed to happen
Hah, fucking horizontal and vertical are the opposite of what I think they're going to be!
Is it just me, or does that look like the tiniest stage ever?
I think it was coolant for liquid cooling.
GoW on PC?  I've heard great things, so that's exciting!
I thought it was pronounced "days" with a bit harder S, so it sounds like a buzz.
Jesus, that guy is awful at making sharp stones.  I can make them in about 1 second.
No way, totally the coolest toys I have!
Well ya see, the euro trash says it's stupid to call American football football, because soccer is the real football.  But they apparently forget they used to call European football soccer also.  Thusly, American football is football, and euro football is soccer.
Vw, audi, bmw, mercedes, and ford.  I think the thing all of these have in common is the need for some stupid ass special tool to do simple things.  First thing that comes to mind is those stupid hub seals on 4wd super duties.
OP!  That is inappropriate!  Next time say "rectum"
If he was on a crotch rocket, he was probably going 50 over.
Wait, if he's gay, why would he need a dildo?  Wouldn't his partner have, like, a *real* penis?
They also say diagnose when they mean guess.
No kidding, I figure KC market would be Denver as #2, and I really have no idea why it would be anything else.
This tcu backup is making throws and runs that most starting qbs couldn't make.  Super impressed.
You're just upset because you don't have the bbq
You know what I really saw there?  About 10 passes Bowe would have dropped.
I swear, ESPN just tries as hard as possible to make watchespn pointless.  Available to stream on watchespn?  Oh, blacked out in NE kansas.  Another game is going too long on ESPN?  Oh, this game isn't on watchespn.
FUUUUUUUCK A FUCKING REF  -bill self
Weak ass fuck fucking foul.
Nah, he's tired and needs to sit for about 38 seconds.
That is, by far, the loudest youtube video I have ever watched.
GAME. CHANGER.
You're not really arguing against anything I've said, you're just being a dick.  A wrong dick, but a dick.  Go take a look at who the top RPI conferences are.  Big 12 is frequently top, almost always top 5, and almost always on top of win percentage.  SEC is middlling power conference rankings, between 5 and 10.  I think one year recently they were 4.  You know what the SEC record is vs top 25 this season?  A laughable 2-13.  A humorous 13.3%.  Big 12 is 5-9 (35%), which isn't amazing, but a whole lot better than 13.3%.  This season, Big 12 has a losing record against AAC, and a winning record against every other conference, including 5-4 against SEC.  SEC has a losing record against ACC, A10, B12, Big east, Big 10 (0-7, lol), Ivy League, Pag 12, and WAC.  Tied 1-1 with WCC and Big West.  There has to be some reason why Big 12 doesn't win in the tournament, but stomps everyone in regular season.  They've got the coaches.  They've got the players.  Only thing I can figure is that the teams expend more energy than lesser conferences.  And speaking of choking, remember last year when people were comparing UK to NBA teams?  How'd that turn out in the tournament?  They had like a 50% chance to win it all, a clear favorite.  The next closest historically was like 17% or something.
Snack drawers gotta be about waist high.
This is such a kansas post.
Can they change who a unsportsmanlike is against?  Like, change it to who started it?  That would be neat.
Crick 93 what a good name
Whoa, you realize what you're saying?  Something on a German car that makes sense?
It's [nice](http://tedgo.deviantart.com/art/DarkOne-v4-360862076), and very full featured.  Like you can have 1, 2, or 3 panel interfaces and all the different plugins to switch between with the press of a button.  But it's all blue, and I hate the coloring of it.  And I'm not nearly good enough with these wsh panels or whatever to be able to change any of that.
No shit.  I hate seeing these people go exploring with, like, a freaking penlight.  Maybe it just doesn't translate well to the camera, but I'd be packing some of those rechargeable work lights (like a Dewalt or Milwaukee with the removable batteries) and a boatload of backup batteries.
It's freaking quiet in that place.  Early in a playoff game, and in the red zone, and you could hear a pin drop between plays.
But batman doesn't kill anyone, and won't use guns.  He can't be that bad.  I don't remember how the dark knight ended, did he drop Joker?  Also note, going by movies, don't read comics.
Kick that douche out!
Amendola needs booted!  Fuck that shit, he had no business making that fucking hit.
Smith took a worse hit that wasn't flagged, lol.
Depends, what are they wearing?
It's what I'm gonna say from now on.
He was falling on his own accord though, which is what made him throw short.  And throwing with his left hand.  None of which was because of the defender physically altering the pass.  Not that it matters, pats punted a few plays later anyway.
LA spans multiple states?
Actually, they said top 5 *quality*, not ranked.  Wvu just beat #1 and lost by a couple at #2.
Oh for God's sake, that was awful.  He had position?  It was a long rebound.
Everything I see involving this guy, he's fighting someone in public.  Makes me want to punt him.
God that was a stupid call on Selden.  "Don't go for the ball on a rebound, or it's a foul"
