I think you might lose a lot of money.
You are a pretty simple person.
You know the NBA has gone completely soft when we obsess over a baby in a post-game interview more than we obsess over the league's best players... It's time to forget about Riley
Everybody just needs to shut up about "riley curry is the greatest thing to ever happen to the nba since jordan" shit because that's how the NBA is treating it. There's been more coverage of her in the past week than curry or lebron.
This is just weird coming from him.
What? You payed $400 for them, not using/needing them ever would sure seem like the college is just screwing you over, wouldn't it? And why would they do that?
Still salty about grayson fucking allen.
Sorry, but fuck you.
First of all i think its a fading australian accent, and second she still married nick young ? If she was really racist "deep down" then why did she commit to a lifelong relationship with a black guy?
Sorry, but everybody here has it wrong. You have to find unique personalities to steal talent from. IMHO, the best option is: Dirk Nowitzki, Nate Robinson, Blake Griffin, James Harden, and Klay Thompson. Sorry, but i think about this alot.
So he calls you a pussy. Nothing happens. So then he says he will beat you up. Theres a 70% chance he wont go through with it. And if he does, or keeps threatening, then you have a reason to go nuclear. If you're upset then i don't know why thats not an option for you.
You don't have the energy to talk to your parents? You're odd hesitation is making me doubt your story as a whole.
What the fuck i just requested this 2 days ago and it got downvoted 3 times and died
Upvote for including quite possibly the 4 greatest big men to ever play and not forgot them.
I disagree. In camps before official NBA workouts, (LeBron's camp), he was one of the most athletic guys there. He's still growing, currently at 6'9, and he's strong.
Getting an experienced defensive coach like Jim to pair with a rookie offensive-minded coach like Hoiberg excites me.
You can probably choose between WAY more factions than that... I wouldn't be surprised if either of these factions end up being meaningless to the main story.
I agree, the text tree looks down right hideous. However, that was 3rd person, and he did mention that there would be chat in 1st OR 3rd... Fingers crossed. HUD also looks weird.
I GUESS IT WAS MOTHERFUCKING NOTHING
I want to give this gold. Or bethesda. Or something. Intelligence was way OP
Comprehension? Only benefits magazines
I feel like he just printed out these pictures then colored them in.
Cavs had the worst playoff roster w/ LeBron and the Warriors had the best team in the league... Don't act like it was a cinderella run.
That's a pretty good attitude about the whole thing, very Tim-Duncan Like.
Seriously though, Fuck Duke.
Dream: 72' Lakers vs. 96' Bulls Nightmare: 2010 Bobcats vs. The 05' OKC Hornets
Love your analysis.
Is it just me or is Dylan like the ultimate school shooter name?
Love it
porque no los dos
ITT: people getting downvoted for stating their opinions about a game everybody on reddit "must enjoy"
Worst troll ever.
Silence, Ye Shallot.  No but seriously shallots and garlic with butter is scrumptious.
I LOVE YOU
Somebody had to creat the "big bang". Who created that? Must be a god. Who created that god? Who created THAT god? The notion of the whole universe and life is crazy, therefore the gods must be as well.
Your title is VERY misleading. PJ wasn't singling out LeBron on purpose, he said "for example", and i don't think he thinks that the league pampers LeBron either. Every single player in the NBA travels every game. Its a fact.
No, he said "for example", then chose LeBron; he could have picked any star in the NBA that gets away with traveling, which is basically every single one. Derrick does it, Jo does it, everyone does it. LeBron is just the big name he could think of first.
Damn that life
KAT or Okafor
They do. Flares as well as fire can also cause this.
He was awesome in FC3, but he was still all about business. He was there to work, and left accordingly,
1) more choice. I wish i could have sided with Pagan in FC4.   2) more story. FC4 was REALLY short without all the side missions, like 3 missions total in the north, come on!  3) Malaria(jk)  4) new location obviously, probably in some made-up South American country or maybe even the middle east  5) new enemies, FC3 and FC4 NPC's were the exact dame with a new coat of paint on them.  6) controllable regions. FC3&amp;4 had outposts you had to conquer in order to "control" a region, i want some change
Wrong, there are 5 endings including the secret ending available at he beginning of the game.
"And continue to make stellar moves like drafting Kaminsky over Winslow"   This is an awful move, the Hornets have like 6 big men and didn't need frank regardless of how good he fits into triangle offenses/is better than winslow
So bad that there wasn't even a troll 1.
Because Kareem, Bill Russell, Elvin Hayes, Willis Reed, and Wes Unseld were "skinny white boys"  He grabbed 55 boards over Russell, the guy who has the finals trophy named after him. Show some respect for greatness.
Even if it isnt true Klay is no way best SG in the NBA, especially after 1 good game.
#i checked the facts and they play out best  Speak English  #in terms of winning Bill was   No shit, he belonged to one of the best teams of all time and had the finals trophy named after him  This doesn't really make a case as to why Wilt wasn't a boss
People on reddit refuse to believe that Kanye is a good dude.
We get it you watch political debates
