You know, losing your souls is already a penalty. What I'd say was unbalanced in the vanilla version was the rings of sacrifice, they only costed 3000 souls to repair (now 15 000).  And seriously, I never had any problems with Gower's, it takes a ring slot and breaks quickly, Jester's top is way more op in that regard.  Also, I do not consider any of the things I listed as "cheating", cause they are working the way they are intended, and they take a ring slot, which can be really important to consider.
Just keep playing, you should check what each stat does online but try not to spoil the game for yourself with walkthrough/playthrough, it will be more enjoyable (except if you're stuck obviously!).
So you're the one who stole all manikins masks and replaced them with [these abominations](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/n_BzwEaHBlc/maxresdefault.jpg) ?    I'm coming for you
You're creating a monster    I hope you know what you're doing
It indeed does have an AR of 0 in the stats, but in reality you still hit for at least 400 dmg per hit. OP should be doing more dmg than 150 (source; I've been invading with it and I use it with 0 AR).
The Belfry Luna is good at low sm (around 100k-200k) I believe. Belfry Sol is better at higher sm because you get to the Iron Keep way after.
Are you by any chance blind?
The guy probably spawned them with a mule or cheat engine if you are on pc. It could be legit but I doubt it.
I use it only when the guy I fought was being a real bitch (like arena /bridge healing, or using a tryhard setup), but a lot of people use it just to piss off the opponent or beacause they are salty.
They will probably base their lore mostly on Dks1, I hope we'll get some Dks2 elements though (wouldn't say no to Sir Alonne's katana or stuff like that).
I think it was in vanilla Dks2 too. It's funny, though to hide let's say it's far from the best choice
400 gold is actually a lot I think, I always get 100 gold...
Yeah I agree, at least Velstadt dies faster than in his bossfight
Okay, seriously I love the place and I think it would make playing with weapons like reapers or haldbers easier than on the bridge (not enough space sometimes).   The problem, though, is that I'm sure that we would get even more ganks, as there are a lot of people farming loyce souls (and as a result a ton of summon signs), and one player alone could gank simply by summoning npc phantoms.
If it's the last, then I'm ok with it as long as I remember it as an awesome game and adventure.
Yeah, that's also what I thought, his armor kinda looks like the Forlorn's
Wow, CoD4 was way better than Dks1, wtf man        :3
love the jester buttface guy
You seem like a fun player
A backstab is meant as a way to stop a spammer in Dks2 (rapier, UGS, spears) or to deal heavy damage with an ultra weapon to punish your opponent. It's harder to bs with an heavy weapon though. I think currently in Dks2 backtabs are balanced: the more damage your weapon deal in a bs, the longer the confirmation animation is.  The problem is that with instant bs like in Dks and a non-perfect connection, it becomes a strategy that doesn't really require a lot of skill to perform.    Backstabs should be a strategic option to get your stamina back and be able to place yourself when your opponent wakes up. Not an offensive move by itself.
This is a global internet issue, it's what happens when you give people the possibility to express what they think anonymously, or here when you give them an option to shit on someones opinions without even answering them, just by clicking a button.   That's what I hate the most on every website, and I thank every person that tries to be open-minded and who understands that people have different points of view. Discussing something you don't agree with is almost always worth it.
Dark Souls is probably one of the only game series where you should NEVER go afk.
Well, the dlcs were meant to be a challenge for all the people who finished the game and maybe even ng+. So yeah the main game is way easier
At least you can run through most of Izalith without any real problem once you know the place, but yeah it doesn't feel inspired and the level-design is meh (and the Bed of Chaos shouldn't exist).
Elana isn't that hard, but if you get a bad rng then yeah she will fuck you up hard. I thought Sinh was way harder cause he just flies around half the time and breaks your stuff.
patreon champagne best champagne
There's almost no difference in dmg even when you have 0 ar
I think you're wrong, the moveset is really good and makes it a strong weapon once you have mastered it. It's a more frightening weapon than most greatswords and ugs imo.
Hollowing would be depression, it's as simple as that
I'm sorry but that cannot compete with [the bucket](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=243198139&amp;searchtext=bucket)
I think the times in Sotfs is more than 10 minutes now. Also yes, it's stupid to see how many people pull the plug when invaded.
Being a beginner doesn't mean you have to disconnect. Invasions are part of the game, as unfair as they can seem. At least they should try to deal with it with in-game means like the Blue Apostles, summons, or by using an op setup. Everything is better than just disconnecting.
even with a winblade they'll win the trade anyway, just grab a spear
An MMO would probably be bad. One of the things I like about this series is its gameplay
Yeah, that would be funny, kinda like a karma system. I really want an rpg where all your actions have real consequences (kinda like what we were promised with Skyrim).
What exactly are you doing in this game's subreddit then?  And also, you should keep playing. You won't understand anything before a few hours, but when you do, if you like the game, then you'll be hooked up.
I love how your other you was here just to drink
Well, in PvE you have the Red Iron winblade which is among the most op weapons in the game. Other than that, the other winblades aren't that good in Pve, as I believe they have low durability, and not a lot of poisebreak.
The build seems okay to me
I personally believe she has a certain knowledge of pyromancy, as her handcuffs are impregnated with pyro magic, and the pyromancers that spawns in NG+. Also, she knows how to fight, so she can't be a random woman (unless the bug gives her super abilities).  I know that Shalquoi talks about the First Flame, but it seems a bit weird to me, as it's supposedly the Graal of the Souls games (you never really see it). Also as you said, because of the bug I believe she has a connection to the Chaos.   Obviously though we lack proof to anwser all these questions.
Is there respect for ganksquads though? Nope.
Well, it's easy to just attune a warmth and it only takes a few attunement points, but I agree.  Also, I still don't get why From doesn't try to balance the few last things that you can call overpowered in this game, like are they only watching stats and not at all listening to their playerbase, or is it just that the japanese players don't really care about balance...
Sarcastic dragonborn best dragonborn    or he was just dumb
Mostly punishing hits instead of being aggressive sounds like being reactive to me, or maybe you meant a mix of the two
I prefer playing unlocked when I use one, I feel like I've got a total control of it. You're also faster, it's easier to use cancels on running attacks, and to aim rolling attacks.
If they feel like they play better like that, let em do it and just prove that they are wrong by beating them. I seriously don't get that, playing unlocked is a playstyle, it doesn't mean that you think you're better than everyone when doing it.   It's not a matter of copying streamers or whatever, it's a matter of how you like to play. Also there are no professionals players on Dks :3  And it shouldn't "waste your time", or then it means the guy is just an asshole and the problem isn't that he plays unlocked but that he's being a reactive pussy.
Never finished it, but yeah the battle system is pretty damn good
Well, if you summon him that doesn't mean he manages to take on Gwyn on his own.  My point was that his quest leads to his death in most of people's games, so I guess it should what happened. Also, using his character would probably be seen as bad fanservice. Of course we'll get a Sunbro covenant equivalent though.
I mean, this game is still PvE in its core, with multiplayer being just a feature.   I think being able to change you character's stats is okay and useful, but if you can also change entirely its appearance then you're making character creation useless.  I understand your points though.
Well, just play Dks2 with no adaptability, it's fucking stupid indeed.
