Definitely fire...but [2 years ago fire](http://www.reddit.com/r/trap/comments/1amg1v/milk_in_my_sippy_cup_y_trap_mix/).
He's probably used that same line/joke at many other gatherings. Political speeches, be them serious or not, are well rehearsed. He was probably just too lazy to remove the Biden bits, or hoped no one would call him out on it.
ITT: people far too edgy and brave 4 me.
Only way Cleveland can get a foul call: be a 5 foot 10 white guy getting clobbered by 7 foot black men.
With rumors that they don't want a 1 mana cantrip in standard makes me think it landing in a blue-focused EDH deck, with new art, would be an ideal landing spot for it.
Rule of thumb, any commodity, when it is digital, [drives towards zero.](http://www.amazon.com/Free-The-Future-Radical-Price-ebook/dp/B002DYJR4G)
Kevin Hart is the socially acceptable Katt Williams.
I think it also stems from the fact that reading/browsing reddit is an entirely personal and solo experience. Reddit is loaded with inside jokes, internet humor, and circlejerks that your average person won't understand, and won't understand why you find it so funny.  Sharing reddit posts and/or comments with others can quickly become cringe-inducing.
Indeed. It is pretty sad, and desperate, when a channel goes from a standard visualizer to some stock image of some hot chick...like...we know why you did this...
A 42 year old who not only reads, but posts, on adviceanimals is cringe enough.
You could make the argument that Lion is better "starting" hero for players new to the game. Making his stun hard to use would only frustrate new players. Literally every one of his spells is targetable.  It's a change that doesn't affect pro level significantly, and affects new players significantly. I'd say Valve doesn't want to go that route.
Depends on the level of play. Sometimes I feel like it's just a matter of which teams have more cores. When everyone is average, and farm is evenly distributed, and your opponents aren't good enough to punish you for your greedy lineup, eventually you just have 5 right clickers that turn online.
Once I saw Diablo had tits, I completely checked out of the story.
It seems the bigger the tourney, and the higher profile of the team, the more consistent the matches are. Lower tier or even tier 2 teams competing in smaller less well organized events don't seem to have very reliable lineups or outcomes.   This is just what I've been noticing lately. Mars dota tourney was really consistent. The favorite almost always won. But other small tourneys recently were hard to predict and had a lot of volatility in lineups.
You can't really criticize the techies pick, he may have picked it first and his team didn't pick complementary heroes. With tinker and tech the game can stall forever. Which is just what a team with specter wants. His team should have picked an appropriate carry to help the late game. They had none.
I'm pretty concerned about Navi picking Puck. So far Puck has been an insta-lose hero pick...
Good points. I think the speculation market has become more obvious because *anyone* can be a speculator. Although we know how difficult it can sometimes be to turn that speculation into profit. Fees, shipping, time invested, etc are all factors that cut into profits, and for many, the effort isn't worth it. Sure, you may think "Wow! My Tasigur's just jumped in value!" but if they don't move them in a timely fashion (and thus not play them) they aren't making any profit.  My point being, because of the growth of magic as a whole, the playerbase has expanded, and so have the "casual" speculators. People hear the hype trains and jump on them, but casual speculators don't usually have the required infrastructure, supplies, desire, or time to be committed to the speculation game, and they likely fall out of it over time.  I would imagine, as the growth of the playerbase slows, so does the speculation market.
I have a strong feeling the "most recent polls" will put him just outside the top 10 before the first debate is held. Networks will simply notify maybe 15 candidates that they may be in the debate, and will shape the poll numbers beforehand to exclude Trump.  Trump will NOT be on a major network debate.
[Trump once led 2012 polls](http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2011/04/15/poll-donald-trump-leads-2012-gop-field) but never appeared in any 2012 debates.   Now, I would *love* if he actually appeared, but I just don't see it happening. Trump will say crazy shit whether he is at a debate or simply behind a podium with a camera in front of him.   Is there a cash-grab possibility here for networks? Sure, is there also an established Republican party that *doesn't* want him alongside Jeb, Rubio, or Walker? You betcha.
There seems to be a lack of self control among the gaming community. Players can't wait for the latest AAA title, or even the latest "meh, title that is super hyped."  No, you don't need to preorder anything. No, you aren't going to be top 10 on the leaderboards. No, you don't need to buy Mt. Dew and Doritios for "double XP bonuses." No, you aren't going to be the first one to complete the game/accomplish a specific task.  However:  Yes, the game will be available several weeks/months/years after release. Yes, the game will be cheaper. Yes, the game will be patched/fixed/bug free when you buy it several months later.  Maybe I'm just old now, but I see no benefit to preordering.  If the gaming community had a little more self control, and refused to buy games that weren't finished, this wouldn't be an issue. Unfortunately the appeal of "hats" and "being first" are too great.
With the Fnatic vs secret and the VP vs alliance matches, you do think Fnatic has a better chance to upset than Alliance does? It looks like that is what you are implying.
I agree, I don't think we will see an upset. I went small on Alliance because I think they are better than Fnatic. And although VP beat secret, I'd probably go Secret over VP in a 3-5 game series. For those reasons I put a small bet on Alliance, but I'm not concerned if I lose my 0.15 in items.
Wow, it takes balls to bet on a team with so many competitors. Nice score!
These aren't good justifications for betting on alliance, but I am as well just because of the potential. Then again only very small.
Because my bet is 15 cents worth of duplicate commons? It was bet them on alliance or recycle them.
If Woj had any sense as a sports journalist, he wouldn't write an entire article based off one source, one source that has an invested interest in crafting a "hit piece" no less.   Woj either has another source for the story, or he's losing his credibility. Although he lost some of my respect when he used Joe Maloof's "first and goal on the one" line about the Kings leaving for Seattle.
Not to mention, but who is to say that Faegan would be appeased if they did get rid of Karl? If Faegan wants his young big man in a larger market, who the coach is doesn't matter, the coach just becomes a scapegoat.
I think moving Boogie is more likely. Vivek wants a certain style of basketball played. He wants up tempo, lots of 3s, fast break exciting play. Think Golden State without the defense. He was a minority owner there before becoming the Kings owner.   Denver had a pretty fast break offense under Karl. They made the playoffs regularly but never were competitive for the title. Maybe that is good enough.  Vivek chose Karl. Vivek didn't choose cousins. We've seen just about every draft pick and front office decision that the Maloof's made slowly get overturned or replaced. Cousins doesn't fit the style of play that Vivek wants and wants Karl to run.
VP just took game 1 in convincing fashion. I put a late bid on VP simply because they seem like a team that is well seasoned and well versed in this meta. They always draft well and are always competitive. I like their aggressive nature which helps punish mistakes. Only the top teams are capable of playing within themselves and limit their mistakes, slowing down VPs snowballing.  Empire is a good team, but VP is hot. I'm still riding VP.
It is easy to be blinded by success. Self restraint is difficult for anyone to master. The point is learning from your losses and not letting your wins cloud your judgement.  Establish rules for yourself. I'm sure now you see reasons for why your bets were off the mark or bad decisions. Betting big on a BO1 between tier 4 teams? Risky. Create rules that don't allow you to make such risky calls. Slow gaining is better than quick gains/losses, although not as exciting.
Looks like nope. I have no idea why they didn't ban QOP from the first game, who was wrecking them in teamfights. They let BU get QOP in game 3 and it's pretty onesided to BU.
I think we got some tough games tomorrow. Each of them have a huge spread, with odds stacked in favor of one team.  Personally, I think tomorrow's matches lend the following two questions:  1). Which match is the "safest" or rather, which favorite is *most likely* to win. I'm leaning VP over mYinsanity, but the profit yield is so low. Cloud9 v. Hell Raisers might be the better pick, although slightly less safe.  2). Which "favorite" is most likely to lose to the underdog. Vega v. Power Rangers is intriguing. In their last matchup, PR beat Vega, although Vega has beat them more in the past.  I don't know a lot about VGP and HGT, but that HGT is ranked higher and has beat VPG in the past in the BO3.  BU vs SFZ seems risky to me, even if BU is the favorite. They lost a game to M5 rather handily, but won the series winning the next two. Both teams had multiple standins. Because of the volatility of the lineups, I would probably abstain from this match, unless more information becomes available.
He didn't lose $40 on Braveheart because of "322," he lost $40 because it was a stupid bet.  He lost $35 on Empire because they ran into a hot team, VP, that is currently tier 1.5 status, taking games off top teams, and having a ton of recent high profile tournament experience within the current meta.  We need to stop blaming our wins on "skill" and our losses on "322." You win some, you lose some. Without evidence, claims of 322 are baseless and mere speculation.
At least football cant be DDOSed.
"Karma is a bitch" seems to be the prevailing thought here, but I find it more likely W33 was targeted specifically *because* of the way he reacted in 4CL's match vs Vega. It wasn't like the DDOS Gods chose to spite W33, or that he was "randomly" targeted, but rather that his actions elicited a specific reaction from someone butthurt.
1). We don't "blame the victim" here. Could W33 have done more to prevent DDOS? Perhaps. But, we don't even know what precautions he did take, if any. Regardless, you don't blame the victim, you blame the DDOSer. No one deserves to be DDOSed.  2). They were using TeamSpeak, not Skype, as Wagamama stated in chat.
From a business perspective, it isn't a bad idea. From a moral perspective, it is supporting a team that likely cheats to win. I'm not going to tell you what is right/wrong, but those are the issues involved.
Wow, you are right...I wish I could make a gif of this. It is scrolling insanity.
The amount of compete dribble rivals twitch chat   - OMABACARE IS DESTROYING OUR NATION. Kappa   - Impeach Roberts! RINO BIBLETHUMP   - Obamacare is bankrupting out nation! MA BUGATTIS!
Guess we learned two thing:   - Only place serious bets on LAN tourneys   - For online tourneys, especially those with small prize pools, also throw small bet on underdog or at least on handicap.
But somehow 4CL couldn't get its game cancelled. Really shit showing for an organized tournament.
Wraith King might have been an insta-lose pick, he is too easily kited. I don't like Empire's chances as this game 2 drags on.
Good points. They need to grow as a team. Individually good players that need to learn to work within a system.
I guess I'm the only one going big on Empire. I fully expect them to win, but wouldn't be surprised if 4anchors is able to grab a game off them.
It could be that they are leaving a store that allows for "refills" of their mondo cups for a discount. So they bring their cups, fill them up for cheap, then take it home to consumer over the rest of the day, or even days.   Hell, I'd pour it into other sealable bottles and save that soda to last me weeks.
If we could only be so lucky to come from cities with terrible football, baseball, basketball and hockey teams! We would be the most *true* fans!
It would be pretty embarrassing too if a bunch of "live by the land" folks gave up because they were *inconvenienced* by the lack of power/communication/internet. Water, however, is of course a necessity.
Oh look, a rather professional looking logo, free of memes, kappas, and misspellings.   Downvote this so we can continue to make fun of the esports we claim to care so much about.
Everyone throughout this thread wants to say "he doesn't get to make the rules!" or "Who cares what this guy says!" etc.  But do we discredit scientists who, when discovering new planets, name them things like PSR1257 + 12?
Ha, it sort of is. It certainly isn't realistic, but I thought it would be cool to stretch realism to make it look like your Civs were walking among/above buildings. Sorta gives a sci-fi vibe.
