I would feel bad. If there were anything to feel bad for. Megan fox got plastic surgery. I don't feel bad for her.
That settles it. Owls are the cats of the sky.
Im surprised the NSFW rule is up there.
Ya sure. If you want everyone to have grotesque bimbo proportions.
This could be the best response I've ever seen. Just because of just bow many situations it could be the best reply for.
And its soldiers driving it. HA! In your faces marines!
So your full of shit though?
Are you fucking happy now?!?
Then she should go to jail and her efforts in community service should be paid to him.
They would have just called her rosie then.
Needs more mass effect
You spelled "great" incorrectly.
I don't think chorizo would make for a good father figure.
You're bacteria.
Lying piece of shit.
Lying piece of shit.
He's lying.
That's a little simple minded.
Fucking nothing but liars these days.
"Envious."
Thanks a lot bin laden.
Just because people are ignorant doesn't mean that there actions are valid.
Very nice. Now someone teach her how to use make up.
If you ever choose to go down the futurama path you should probably bring tissues.
I appreciate your expectations in recreations photos.
Typical hollywood. Cant just accept the black hole for what it is.
Actually after seeing specials on them i could see them making that joke.
Bullshit
Am i the only one who wants a very different mechanic than just the "double jump?"  Something that takes finesse and can be fine tuned. Not just your run of the mill destiny stuff.
More like its a legitimate question.
No they don't.
Do you like goods movies? If you do, you will love this movie.
Biggest talked are always full of shit.
Its the suv.
Aw dammit. Shes a scientologist?
I think you can here her accent when she says "this is perfect."
Yep. And with all the bigen's the 5's will start acting like 9's.
Not buying it anymore. Plenty of other games coming out. Like a shit ton.
Why out all of the effort into making it look better, i mean as good, err i mean only graphics 5 years before the original release when money?
thats simplifying the effect that shit like this can have on an entire industry.
She has fat fingers. There i said it!
That was disappointing
Your edits made me sad. Did people really those things?
You'd think with the glorious leader controlling the weather they'd be better.
Ya but i could say that with any post.
Gross
Shit title
I love this lady. But wouldn't she be more influential as a senator than a Vp?
I just wish trash would go away. But hen where would I get my justice rage?
That is most definitely an assault rifle. Who told you it wasn't?  The damn thing is called an AR-15
