Undoubtedly
Rooney shouldn't be the first name on the teamsheet
Rotate him with Depay or Firmino. Obviously Depay/Firmino won't start every game. they are still young. ADM will get more games then
Grow up
64 million is ridiculous for a 29 year old defender.  We got a 26 year old winger for a lesser amount!
Has to be Lionel Messi.
You should do this to Liverpool XD
This is the worst
Definitely not now. It is so frigging cold.
Oh my god. Even Mumbai ain't so bad now.
Doesn't the army support the terrorists as well? Cue 26/11 and all that
Wish AT&amp;T had such plans.
I want free cables :)
hey we aren't so bad okay?
Seems a bit too saturated
yes this looks much better!
&gt;  like how the Nazi's established a base on the moon or how Abraham Lincoln assassinated George Washington.  Btw this isn't true.
&gt; I know the war started in 1941  Wrong. It started in 1939.
Feel bad for him tbh
Yes, they do that. I think once a week, their employees exclusively use 2G
I don't like how it syncs all your emails to its cloud and then pushes it. I'll continue with Postbox.
Go for the 6P. You won't regret it.
Also there is no swipe between emails like the Gmail app. Damn.
Just like your dating life.
We need some Mata magic again at Juanfield
We are fucking getting owned. Pitiful
Why the fucking fuck is Fellaini still on?
Just cold hands probably
Just curious. O'Malley looks to have some good policies too. Why has he failed? Would have preferred Sanders vs O'Malley tbh
This is beautiful.
Same email linked to fb perhaps?
Windows ~~&lt;anything&gt;~~  FTFY
uBlock Origin works better tbh
Are you serious?
I never understood the point of these paragraphs? Isn't company email confidential anyway?
Fucking CNN
Yeah this sucks.
A solid 5/7
Need to move to the Arctic then to use it year round.
I wonder why it was signed.
Then the July update has improved his battery life by a ton. /s
People never speak out when everything is fine. Buy the phone.
&gt; Skype worked out well for Microsoft  I respectfully disagree.
Cue even higher price tags
That's how IT wastes their time
If people are believing India Today for tech news, God save them
Amen to Premium.
Read, you filthy casual
Dang. That's cruel.
No you don't
