&gt;  evil, that they're all millionaires, or racist  How is being a millionaire lumped in with being evil or a racist? I don't get the anti-wealth sentiment at all.
It's not bad, but Orange Juice and Lemonade is an awesome mix.
Ouch; poor you. The games industry is thankless world.
I think the notion that you should aim to not drink for 2 days a week is a good one, it's very easily to follow and probably does you a lot of good, if you do drink every day.  That said, the idea on a number of units a day, and especially lowering that limit for men, is not so smart. Many people I know, including myself, don't drink frequently but tend to drink a lot when we do. For better or worse, getting pissed is a national pass time.  What ever guidance is given out should somehow incorporate how frequently getting pissed is safe to do. Simply labelling anything over 3 pints as binge drinking is a sure fire way to get the guide ignored.
Sugar is getting scape-goated for our shittylife styles so hard.
&gt; every single one of us acted more responsibly  How can you except a collective (the populous) to act with more responsibility, when we've made it abundantly clear that 'the state' will mop up the mess and foot the bill.
That we should have an actual free market?  I don't think that's the vibe I got from the top level comment.
Yeah, I agree 'serving size' is utterly arbitrary and almost always too small.  Coca-cola (for example) know full well you're not going to split that 500ml bottle with anyone, why is a serving size for 250ml.
Yep, this is what I thought, this is also why I look suspiciously at the 'NHS is the most efficient system in the world' type arguments. You don't have to look far to see obvious ways in which it could (should!) be improved.
Why would you blame privatisation when it's the private sections of the NHS who are doing it best? IE it seems to be privately managed GP surgeries who are actually installing the notification infrastructure.  That makes utterly no sense to me.
Not following, sorry. Sounds like a load of lowest common denominator BS to me.  &gt; Only profitable surgeries will do stuff like this.  Or surgeries who can see that they'd probably be profitable if less appointments were missed?
The operating companies are running monopolies on the lines. What makes you think the government would be any more or less efficient?
&gt; but at least use accurate and fair comparisons.  Is that with any sort of rail card or advance booking?  I think my comparison is fair:  Manchester to York is 90mins, an off peak single is £27.50. That's a single train to go 70 odd miles.  What's worse is that in the evenings and weekends the Transpennine trains are utterly rammed, you're lucky to be able to sit on the floor, more frequently your are stood packed like sardines.
No I saw that. To address:  &gt; I find that over here in Sweden, there is a huge markup on Swedish meat just like it was in the UK  directly. I don't find that to be the case, the British beef sold in the Aldi near me is almost suspiciously cheap!
&gt;  "the stupid get what they deserve."  That's not really the way I view it. I consider myself to be a libertarian, why should I (or by extension the state) control the actions of others which only effect themselves?  To be honest I think the alternative is more offensive, to think that people with bad habits, like eating shit and smoking, are 'too stupid' to know what they're doing to themselves and therefore must be protected by big brother.  &gt; Hoping the death rate from obesity saves the country money looks like wonky economics.  I didn't say I hope they die, I merely pointed out that might be the case.  And with that, I have already conceded that the NHS point, but to be honest that just makes me think that the NHS should change -- I personally don't like the idea that personal responsibility is undermined by it.
&gt; I think most smokers admit its stupid. But then again cigarettes are actual drugs.  Intelligent people can do stupid things, they make the decision, they weight up the risks. It's their choice.  &gt; Under libertarianism can I sue drug dealers for the problems caused in society by addiction?  No under libertarian society drugs would be legal, taxed and regulated. And no, you couldn't sue for your addiction, that's like people suing McDonalds for making them fat.  &gt; I don't have an easy answer.  There is no easy answer *if* you choose *act*. We just get a load of half arsed measures like taxes with loopholes (see 'Pringles are not crisps') or having alter the quality of the product.  &gt; Maybe stricter regulation to put less sugar in drinks.   But then it wouldn't taste as good. Or the sugar taken out would be substituted with artificial sweeteners that come with their own issues.  &gt; It's not a simple equation of one is freedom and the other is authoritarian.  Why isn't it, either we let people do as they wish and let them pay the consequences bad decisions or we have to tell people what to do or manipulate them into doing by other methods.  &gt; Their freedom to profit from drinks costs me money.  Yeah I simply don't see it that way, I see it as people not being able to control what they eat and drink is costing you money.  Do you see that Vineyards of France costing you money because middle alcoholism is rampant? What about cheese producers?
How. Someone assembling something doesn't need a degree in EE, now will they necessarily do a better job; they'll just cost a lot more.
No they're echo chambers because they are.  Comments about communism and other far left opinions get upvoted and repeated. Yet these are clearly out of line with the opinions of the general population.  Furthermore, it's not my opinion that the Conservatives won the General election (my second example). Yet if you were here when the election was going on all pro-conservative posts were slated and anything pro labour was heralded.
I am on the fence.  The 'issue' is that you know when there is helicopter about. It's not 'all the time'.  With technology you could effectively have an eye in the sky at all times.   Everything you do in your own back garden, (or hell, with thermal imaging, in your own home) is basically reviewable at any time.   Not sure I am comfortable with where it could go.
Indeed, actually I find them a real pain, they seem to fly over predominantly poor areas, which is somewhat understandable as they tend to be high crime areas and also low rent, so suitable for a grow.  But they do their helicopter runs at like 2 or 3 in the morning. There's no way on earth they'd get a way with that in more affluent areas, it just seems like it shits on the people who are already the most disillusioned with the police service.
I disagree, he was playing the role of an investigative journalist. It's on him to do some basic research about dose for fucks sake. And it's just basic reasoning to realise that of course you can over do it, what would be he like if he didn't 1/4 of that much.  I mean if you watch the video he's fully caning those bags down.
Wait the intern description mandates a gender? That's fucked up.
The problem is there really isn't such thing as 'unhealthy food'. It's all to do with moderation and quantity.  A block of beef-dripping or a bag of sugar is terrible for you if you just ate that .. but both are ingredients in otherwise healthy dishes. Further more even the likes of chocolate fit around a balanced diet is not unhealthy in the slightest.
&gt; If competing in a sanctioned event, the ethical action is to not consume banned substances.  What, ever? A year before, A month before, a week before, a day before, the morning before? What?
We should ban escalators, and changing building regs so all ceilings must be double height. :P
Are you joking?
You're better at this than me. I love the idea of backwards elevators.
No thank you.  I think you are being purposefully dense if you consider someone a snob because they don't want to mix with those in the print works or deansgate locks.
Fine. Actually, I'm changing my stance, I am happy to be a snob if that's who you're going to define it.
&gt; And if it doesn't, I'm ashamed to admit I'll just torrent it.   Why would you be ashamed?
I'd rather it change so that all suspects are anon until guilty rather than the law remain as is and have people lives ruined.
I drink it for it's wisdom.
&gt; increase in cancer  Yeah but this doesn't sound any more tangible than the 'red meat' and 'processed pork' scares we keep hearing about. But we don't hear about restrictive government guidelines about those.
I agree, XP was a decent OS for non tech savy computer users. Every version of windows since may look shinier but isn't actually any better.  For technical users Linux of some description I feel Linux is a no-brainier even with it's flaws. For other professional (but non technical) computer users OSX feels like the best compromise.  My 2p at least.
Overshadowed by Goldeneye, but PD was it's spiritual successor and quite frankly, an even better multi player. Good call.
That;s a better idea.  Also, I don't see why you'd give it away straight away; just give it away in your will.  25mil is a lot, but it's not going to cure cancer or fix africa; the world won't miss it.
It's just a depressing prospect, that's just not fun to ride. Better just doing X minute TT efforts on the road, at least going fast is fun.
Thank for your patronising response. I am bowie fan too, I still don't think the term 'Pop Genius' is in anyway belittling of him. Bowie's work is different things to different people.
Meh I thought it was ok. Salted Caramel seems to be a bit of a food-fat at the moment.
Don't be a chugger though, otherwise your just robbing the vulnerable.
Jerusalem.  Failing that something by the Beatles or even Bowie giving the timing, Heroes would be pretty cool.
I would like to think that this can somehow be used to bolster his Craig Charles Funk &amp; Soul night too.   Like once the battle commences, Craig goes and hits the desks and provides the sound track whilst hitting racks.  This has to happen
Well after reading the first article it's hard to blame them.
The title of the article is a bit shit, but the content of the research is not.  In the last 5 years or so, one of the driving reasons why legalisation has been resisted in the UK is because of the notion that it stunts the learning capacity of those under their mid twenties.
Yeah 100g of cabury's is mid range, that's branded shit! (perhaps it's quality not longer justifies it's price, but that's another matter).  Tesco's basics for 19p per 100g (or whatever it actually costs) is low end. I'd describe that as cheap.  Green &amp; blacks is not something I would buy very often so it's a premium product. If Hotel Chocolat is £4 for 100g then I'd basically never buy that, that's 'exclusive' or whatever is above premium.  PS: There is clearly no top end there, I could pay a chocolateer to go and craft me the finest bar of chocolate with all the finest ingredients and it's going to cost £1000s, but that doesn't, at least to me, stop something G&amp;B being premium.
I don't see how bending over and giving in to Argentina every time it throw's it's toys out of the pram would strengthen us in the eyes of the UK.  It's pretty well known that Argentina only brings this issue up when there are issues at home.
&gt; Hey guys, fancy changing that thing that has been ingrained into your culture for 1000 years  That's not quite fair, it's not as though there will be many-if-any second generation Muslims (or migrants in general) who will not learn English.  Not learning the language of the country they live in is hardly a pillar of anyone's culture.  These measures are just about setting a standard for first generation migrants and providing a mechanism to achieve it.
&gt; Have you not considered that they actually might feel more comfortable amongst their own culture?  How would they know if they can't speak the language of the wider community?  Secondly, there is nothing wrong with being comfortable, but you also have to be somewhat *functional* in your environment too. If the only people you can deal with is your Family and perhaps inner community then that's not a productive situation to be in.
I fail to see your point.
&gt; irrelevant  I think this might be the wrong word, unless Societies are also not a thing at Aber (including debate societies, student radio...).
