so, a lot of plp sent gifts and stuff to win a "free" skin yet they didnt. keep thinking this isnt riot plan all along
he should have said "was garbage compared to the other TT Games"
keith pro career is so weird lol
that´s what bothers me, werlib wasnt a bad top laner imo, giants weak link was adryh but w/e, lets see what happens on this new season
Hm... should i understand that plp peeking into others phones is something normal in usa? hm...
i dont understand the whole de ranking crap on cs go, honestly i dont see that in any other game. but, thats karma for u, enjoy.
i do believe the name of the arc is dumb, most plp use SA, since it wont spoil anything.
maybe, iwould like that but, the next arc is imo more epic so... a movie of that one would be better?
i swear if  renegades loses to this..
why would u say that on the mic, this is advanced stupidity
we should get mods on this subreddit
this isnt a fair game to judge ren, but i think rf and crumbz needs  to update their champion pool.
perfection?
enough to not whine about such stupid reasons.
go for legends.
why would they keep the 20$? couldnt they at least give u back idk.. 3.50?
fun fact, adding the 3 or 1 points system will help avoid those situations, pretty cool.
meh, its ok, do all that stupid stuff while u are a teen, thats the only way to learn.
bns pvp is wrong imo, it should be equalized on 6vs6 and 3vs3, non equalized on 1vs1. this way feels more rewarding. also, destroyer bots would have never been an issue
so u dont want the scene to evolve? no one gives a fuck about a no nameish team, im extremely ok with these teams take over the scene as long as the big names of esports are still involved (fnc, tsm,navi,clg,g2,c9,liquid,dig,og,eg,...)  pd: yeah, i want a navi serious league team.
league is dying since they released annie, and every new game is "the one that will kill league"
its should be giants or g2, spanish based orgs
we cant kill all the mosquitoes, we need to build a wall
liquid staff doesnt seem bad either.
and then rito went broke /s
so, im just lazy? thx m8.
i want it to get movies. mass effect is the star wars of this generation, and imo, it could be better overrall... ill let myself out b4 angry nostalgic ppl bury me in downvotes
i will always hate bioware for misshandling this franchise so bad. after the awesome origins.. they decided to fuck it over, took away anything that made that one great and released 2 and 3 as almost hack and slash games, also the history... why couldnt they do what they did with mass effect?
i had to scroll too much for this
the lack of a gintama reference here puts me so close to crying :(
i tried to watch the tourneys on youtube, its not enjoyable... not like watching league or even cs go
just leave already :/ stop embarrassing yourself
a fucking idiot?
never, never ever, be an asshole to IT, some ppl  understimate the things they can do to get back at you.
this didnt get golded? :(
its funny how thats still a meme, he proved his point so far, since he said that the team (ren-&gt;envy) has been performing well enough.
be like pastor maldonado, claim support to a fucking communist bunch of idiots that are in power, get their money so u can be placed in a team because moneyz, crash every 2 races and finish one in the whole year, the dream right there.
its like, pitcher throws, 5 secs of action, and ads, rinse and repeat.
thats the whole  point.
why is that i come to this sub reddit like once every 2 or 3 months and i keep watching ppl mentioning league like this? i mean, get over it already... not a single fucking person talks about dota 2 in their reddit, why is the obsession with them still a thing?
no they dont, i enter league sub reddit daily and i haven seen a mention of dota 2 in months... and the fact that my post got downvoted proves how the inferiority complex that many of the dota2 players have has not improved yet. keep trying to bash league all u want, whatever makes u feel better.
fuck tnt man, and they ask why is ppl not using their tv anymore...
dying light is amazing
why not? for some ppl the fact that their newly couple is accepted by their family is a big thing, there will be plenty of time to get pounded.
u know when ppl say "girls only like XX" kind of guy, and those XX are always an insult, then they go "thats not true, blablabla"? well... this.
and that happened with w7? never tried it i think.. im not expecting it to fix shit
there is no point on being "rich" here, u cant be on the streets after 6 pm unless u are a crazy mofo. its like the wild wild west with wifi
ikr, im not even a tsm fan but i like the chanting, i wish there were more from for the other teams.
i love how the 2nd place meme died.
thing is, if they do the sequels, none of these actors will be on it, because it must be at "reing of chaos". i can only hope..
