If they have any sense they will. It's not like self-improvement is a rare thing.
Pfft. Relationships are one of the most mundane things about all human interaction.
No, you can't. But it's criticism, not an order.
This is totally reasonable and hardly excessive. At the end of the day porn is just a bit of fun, why not be happy for him?
Break up then. If you're unhappy with the situation and it isn't going to change then that's the only reasonable option.
Fashion isn't even remotely a female thing. There are loads of famous male fashion designers and models.
If he can't comprehend someone being different then it's possible he has empathy problems. Many people are like that. Aromanticism is a simple concept after all
I support both zaros and armadyl so it was an easy choice. They're the only ones doing good. Saradomin and Zamorak are the worst parts of both order and chaos, and the godless are anarchist hippies
No, but you aren't attractive in that picture either.   I would say lose a little puppy fat on your face, go clean shaven (the facial hair really isn't doing you any favours) and stick to different colour shirts (white and light blue, /r/malefashionadvice can point you to some basic colour coordination resources) and you'll be doing well.
Pictures one and two are bad, picture three is alright. Honestly your hairline is back way too far for a woman, and your cheeks are pretty wide.
It's a kind of bad picture but the other one you posted is good. You're definitely attractive although I don't think that lipstick colour suits you
Both are attractive, but I guess you'd see a cute girl in a somewhat more artistic way, like they belong in a painting so you can just look at them all day.   A hot girl evokes a more animalistic desire. Whether one is better than the other depends on what sort of position they have in your life.
I second the guy who said cute more than sexy. You're definitely attractive but I think your small bust lets you down
Yes, just because it's really a game of pushing boundaries with your friends.
Look for someone who views marriage the same way you do. If you marry someone who takes the view that it's an emotional bond then chances are it's going to screw up, and nobody wants to lose half their stuff.
I'll bite then, why should working automatically entitle you to so much? Why is it not both fairer and better for society if people have to take responsibility for the costs they incur on the wider populace?
That happens with men too you know. If all those clothes 'instantly fit' then chances are you're wearing clothes that are too baggy.
If it's your size that they like you can continue. If it's not you can look for someone else
34" waistline sure but what about cut, width, length, inside vs outside leg, etc? With shirts it's even crazier, with chest, shoulders, neck, upper arm, forearm and stomach sizes all different.  At the end of the day off-the-rack clothes will never quite fit right.
You can work with the individual. You can't do that if they don't tell you what they want
That depends entirely on the person you want to be hired by. If they think your previous job is awful they'll choose someone else.
This is normal and healthy. Find a fwb to take your energy out on
Nigel Farage. He speaks and acts with conviction despite receiving an ungodly amount of undeserved hate.
The reason a person has individual freedom is because of the values and hard work of the nation. They have a debt to pay towards their nation, their heritage and their fellow citizens.
Mace Windu has to be a cassowary, because he will fuck your shit up
Violence is the way the world works sometimes. Disregarding your duty because you find violence distasteful is a betrayal of your country at a time of need.   Again you speak as if people owe their country nothing.
Conscription isn't something nations do for fun, they do it when their very existence is threatened. Clearly you wouldn't fight for freedom because you don't support the nation's that uphold it when they're most in need.
In that picture her cheeks are large and her lashes don't have any makeup, this seems like an optical illusion rather than an eyeball size
He sounds more like an acquaintance than a real friend. I'd suggest looking elsewhere on this matter
We have no idea what Saitama's full potential is, but Simon cares about his fights far more so I'd say he wins.
Titenic or Clock Tower imo, they have the best sketches
Pokemon is a very mainstream casual game. It's not strange at all.
If you can't take the heat don't go in the kitchen. If some random shitposter saying 'do it faggot' makes you kill your own family you clearly belong in an asylum
It's [current year] therefore X is not an argument
Remember that the majority are not from Syria at all. This is an illegal migrant crisis not a refugee crisis
If you think that's bad watch a short film on YouTube called All About My Dog Marimo, you will bawl like a little girl but it's beautiful
Most people have no idea what they're doing with their life
1. Be large, height as well as muscle 2. Have a confident posture 3. Grow a beard
That depends entirely on whether they're growers or showers.
You look like a more manly Michael Cera
Let's hope it's not the last! Outstanding
Never. Just go outside
Frankly this is silly. You still have normal conversations with even the hottest people. Only in an environment like a nightclub would this happen, which is for sexual encounters anyway so what do you expect.
Definitely longer. You're a good looking guy
I used to think putting cheese on pasta was utterly appalling. I still do, but now I realise a lot of people do it.
No no no no no dear God no. Please never do this unless explicitly asked to.
Porn stars are adults capable of making their own decisions. Even if they did get medical problems it's fine because it's their choice. Just like athletes, builders, and other physical professions.
The "if you're not with us you're evil" thinking mainly. As well as clinging to a narrative in the face of evidence.
Not so. There are events that really happen. The subjectivity is how it's written about.
Fool me once, I'm mad
