Wow how unprofessionally inept can you get trying to copy three (or maybe more?) works in a row and not get caught?
Green Dot Stables at Centerpoint BU is pretty good. No shitty loud music and what-not.
well, if it is expensive then why the fuck are they there to begin with? asshats
Either everyone's still hungover from NYE celebrations, or that KL Sentral seemed 'quieter' than usual.... at least that's what I've noticed.
beats me... some people just want to watch the world burn
This article is full of shit. All it said was replace lowest temperature with most erratic weather. Coverage.my is a stupid clickbait website. Of the times I've read their article nearly all of them were misleading and provocative.
Public transportation coverage is not the best. I drive myself and its much more convenient to get from one place to another especially after work when u have plans with other ppl. It saves a lot of time planning and the time taken to wait for the next bus/train would probably be the same as being stuck in a jam. Though i must say public transportation on weekends would be much more practical.
The misdirection is strong in this one
That's what i suspect too... iirc, the Johor prince mentioned something about meeting with dissidents to face to face if they have beef with him. I really doubt that he was the one who lodged a report over this matter. I hope this news reaches him and pardons the poor dude.
Agreed. I know Jiban's an a$$ but he's not that dumb to bankrupt the whole country.
Well, reporting is an understatement... I've seen countless times the Star going full ball-licking (only NST tops it as an English daily), one example being when they "misquoted" a certain CEO from Leaderonomics years ago when he was asked to compare between CSL and LGE. Instead of misquoting they completely rephrased what he said into praising u know who and dissing u know who.
Tell that to the ppl who consider Jap as an ethnic slur.
Dude, be realistic. Anything less than RM70 u might as well get mobile data and tether it to ur laptop.
Agreed. Like that i can tell u don't simply buy stuff it's taxpayers money also lah
Exactly. Don't get me started with ppl on Facebook sharing shit like these.
I believe most of us would help out the best we can if asked....but that's just me. I don't smile 24-7 nor I look like the most friendliest person on Earth.
This is so cliche but had it been someone from the opposition who said it he'd probably been crucified by now.
Well first of all, if you're not Muslim at all, why the heck would u bother what they think of u? If they cock stare u u cock stare them back lah....never give in to intimidation. Besides, show them ur IC or something if ur harassed constantly.
I dont get people who park their luxury cars at average joe places like MJ or Oregi and then rev their fucking cars like a goddamned leaf blower.
because it does not involve anyone from the current regime. see how much coverage was given to the PKR fella. Had it been someone from BN, u bet ur ass they'll be making a report on it every damn minute.
I don;t think buying it at a lower market price implicates LGE to be corrupted but rather how or what deal he made with Phang that would allow him to purchase it at a lower market price. Again, how exactly is this proven if it is only implied? Btw (1) and (2) is the most likeliest scenario.
Not to mention local papers who only love to highlight floods at certain states governed by people not in their favor.
Dude, u asked this question like a few weeks ago? Are u so deprived of motivation?
I dunno about u but I'd love to see this lel
Go by calories...not ounces.    U need to fix ur sleeping habit. Missing breakfast will definitely slow ur bulking by a lot.
Is it just me or that andrewSagitt is the alter ego of someone else in this sub to get back at people against him/her?
Motivation comes and goes. Discipline is what keeps u going.    Stop making excuses, and make time if u dont have time. Bring food to work if u have to.    If u dont have time then u not making the most of ur day.
Frighten them so they know not to fuck around in the yellow box next time.
personally i dont see the use of irregardless when u already have the word regardless. Which pretty much means the same thing.
goddamn.....doesnt look coincidental at all
&gt;get out from BN.    Not gonna happen. Never in a million years. BN components have undivided loyatly. Just look at MCA.
There's a bit of truth in that too....but other states would've suffered apart from Selangor and KL.
&gt;... I never really bothered to listen to all of their rubbish    Not with that attitude    EDIT: ok maybe OP meant before he/she took things seriously
Go to one of those gyms or fitness shops and tell them u wanna use those high tech weight analysis machines. They're free to use.    Also, don't know how much protein ur eating? Learn to estimate. Weigh ur food and shit. Read labels. As u get better at estimating there's no need to do it every single time ur about to eat.
I have to agree with u zen...this is a stupid question.
Observe people who eat a lot (i.e. fat people). They eat at about as frequent as u.
I actually liked the idea of having an accessible public toilet at touristy spots like Bukit Bintang...unfortunately with places with high density of people there needs to be 24-hr cleaner on duty....and definitely not costing THAT much for one.
It is of course deliberate. The moderator is extremely cringey and always trying too hard.
In general, always do the ones which work the largest muscles the most, i.e. titties, back, quads.    Isolation movements shall be finishers and done usually at higher volume. U might think ur secondary muscles have fatigued from the compound movements done earlier but I have actually made gains albeit slowly for isolation movements...because the jump of weights for DBs (5 lbs or 2kgs) are kinda huge, it may take a while for smaller muscle groups to go up a notch.
Dude....u have the patience is unparalleled
They do.....but those sausages....ugh.... i hated it so much... i just want stir fried rice with meat cubes like how they normally do it.
I'd recommend Legendary. Its a 2008 fps that had bad reviews but i sure as hell enjoyed it. Oh and here's a list of fps I'd recommend:  1. Legendary   2. Doom   3. Quake 4   4. Bioshock 1,2 and Infinite   5. Shadow Warrior
Yes that's what i thought too.
If you have been eating frequently compared when you did while being underweight, you will feel hungrier at times when your body is expecting some food....i.e. during mid-day snack time.
&gt; I believe that's its very possible for BN or for some permutation that we could recognize as it winning the next election. It's not because they're particularly popular or desirable. It's really just because the First Past the Post voting system allows for a candidate to win without winning a majority of the vote.  That has always been our system General Obvious, last GE is a good example.
Definitely. The only hope for the opposition is the swing of malay folks to PPB. Unfortunately....even if that's still the case, the rural folks of Sarawak are still loyal to BN and u know how shit the opposition are in the east
Just drive responsibly. Is it so hard to not be an asshole on the road?
Think about it......if there was indeed nothing wrong with 1MDB, why hasn't opposition figures like Rafizi or Tony Pua being hauled up and being investigated for spreading false info? I mean those guys were literally doing 1MDB roadshows every other darn month!
We should do more posts like these. Srsly good info sharing for those looking for hacks while traveling on a budget and tips based on experiences!
Nobody would've migrated had it not been the money in the first place
