How do you feel about democracy?
Aren't we all just doing both as we wait for the end?
Clearly squats are my destiny.
&gt; drastic surgery to change how people see you  It really doesn't work that way.
It wouldn't have been wildly offensive, just tacky. In general, you need a high degree of friendly familiarity with a group to make jokes that are both sophisticated and funny.
Your inability to empathize isn't trans people's problem.
Yeah, that was my reaction, but I kinda wanted to know the poster's angle. Seems like some kind of evo psych-supported trp kind of thing.
I thought all estradiols upped that risk and synthetic ones like ethinylestradiol just particularly so. Is this not the case?
Eh, if you can ever fully abolish the idea of man and woman that'll probably make life simpler for trans people--"I am a human being on exogenous endocrine treatments who's had genital surgery to confer functions I badly needed" sounds way more boring and way less controversial than "I am transsexual"--but trans people should be the last group that causes concern to those who want to defang oppression based on sex classes, since our existence threatens the category stability itself. If you can't expect the same people to stay assigned to the class you tried to sort them into based on biology, it's awfully hard to maintain a hierarchy of those classes.  Hard to see why trans people, whose existence already has done plenty to undermine sex based oppression's core rationale, are expected to do even more (we've done our time mostly and have the scars for defying the foundational principles of society). We've done our part mostly. It's not our job to live outside the binary because it'd set a good precedent for billions of cis people.
Why shame micropenises? :p physical traits beyond their owner's control are a shitty thing to give people a hard time over.
100,000 years of evolution have bestowed upon men bulletproof skin, flawless reflexes, the ability to avoid going into shock, subdermal armor sufficient to withstand a charging rhinoceros, a huge tactical edge in piloting aircraft and drones (anything that involves a joystick, because ... come on), and an innate tactical instinct so deftly honed that it's no accident Ender Wiggin was a man. (He saved us all. We must spare his life even if we somehow do triumph.)
Color me shocked.   Did 59% say they'd be fine with it?
That's really startlingly high acceptance, relatively speaking. Wow.
You don't owe anyone trailblazer status. Frankly, transitioning is already a knife to the heart of sex-class-based oppression, because it's obviously absurd to erect an essentialist hierarchy when you can't even rely on people to stay in their foundational boxes, much less the boxes built atop them. Trans people have paid our dues. :p
As someone who thinks there are neurobiological bases to being trans--possibly many kinds, we have no idea--no, not really. Transition is slow (ohgodsoslow) and if someone's life isn't being improved they'll usually know. If their life is being improved, what's the problem? :p trans is a useful word that helps us describe a range of experiences, but ultimately the only coherent way to approach transition is as a personal choice.
US academia. Transphobia is considered declasse.
Cis means not trans. The majority of gay men are cis but not straight. There are structural features to the way that cis men tend to be treated in society. Those can be talked about, including which areas of life are not artificially made harder for white people or cis people or men.  I feel entitled to make statements like that because the facts bear them out.
Agreed. I think it's a good follow-up question for OP too. If those kind of outcomes were unwanted, transition would be a horrible experience.
Serious answer: I think that it will be about a broader right to self-determination that connects trans rights with other rights, because that's probably the easiest way to help society get used to nonbinary people without damaging the gains to binary trans people who strongly identify as male or female and would not appreciate "life without labels" being imposed on them.  For a binary trans person like myself, the "second wave" is hardly dead though. From a trans rights perspective, that fight is only over when a trans girl in middle school can steal her best friend's boyfriend and get the reaction "oh my god, you horrible traitor, I thought we were friends, I will destroy you utterly" and not "omg my boyfriend is gay and you're a sick fucked up boy." A society which accepts straight trans women as straight women, gay trans men as gay men--it's not impossibly far away, and I think it's coming fast, but it's not here yet. And of course not everyone agrees on the desirability of that--but as one who massively prefers to be seen as the woman I identify as (humans are social animals and it's absolutely bizarre to pretend that how others see us doesn't generally matter), I obviously have a strong vested interest.  That's not to say that we should wait on binary acceptance before taking actions that will help nonbinary trans people. From a societal standpoint, visibly nonbinary trans people are much more at risk of getting the brunt of harassment.
Right. It's a choice between tabloid covers and Vanity Fair covers.
No, pretty useful. Not all work in gender studies is going to be useful, but a lot is, and having useful frameworks to order and interpret experiences of gender can be a bit of a life saver sometimes.
Not everything has to have a clear application to be worth studying in academia. Some of it will be applied later, and some of it is just good to add to the knowledge library of our species to save people time in the future when we want to know.  Humanity is a bit like a game of Minecraft where you're always setting up a really cool base for your future world exploration.
Human life has no purpose to begin with, but I'm not espousing the strong version of the position you propose. I think there's plenty of wasted time and effort in the world, but I don't think the research arm of academia is a bad offender there. If you want pure make work made necessary solely because human society has issues, try the financial aid office. :p or try the customer care system for every major enterprise: there are people who spend their lives ameliorating artificial problems generated by other systems designed to ameliorate problems generated by other systems.   That's where I'm coming from. At least in academia, you're expanding our knowledge base, usually in a notionally accessible way.  But that's because I arbitrarily value knowledge. I'm not alive for a reason or anything beyond historical contingency.
You got me there. I'll take space travel, and hope that the clam gun didn't contain the true secrets to the universe.
If someone calls me a man, I'll call them an asshole. Does that count?
It's not like he's advertising anything but the look he's known for. As someone who is super down with looking very conventionally attractive, I'm going with him for that reason. If I wanted something else I'd pick someone else.
That said, surgical castration without any hormone replacement is welcome to menopause anyway. All I'm saying is I think it'd be reasonable to require a test drive of the hormonal state you're looking to have for life, whatever that is.
It helps to remember that most people aren't that nice. ;p
They're not DOING anything to the majority of society. They're just existing. Did I behave any differently before I blended, no. I was just being me, but people stared. Then eventually they didn't see anything that startled them, they ran their "this person is a chick" scripts automatically, and nobody stared anymore. *But I didn't do anything to them when I wasn't passing, and I didn't stop doing anything to them when I started passing. It was literally all them.*  Society hates us and is alienated from us via irrational prejudice. They need to get over it. It's not our problem, whether we're stunningly gorgeous cis-passing types or rather confusing-looking--we're human beings, generally no more full of ill-will than most, trying to live our lives.  Consider this analogy. Is it morally acceptable for people in the gay male community to be like, "I really hate gay men who aren't models of masculinity, they humiliate me because everyone assumes that all gay guys are limp-wristed sissies"? I say no: it's none of their freaking business whether some other gay man looks manly enough not to get stared at, and as soon as society completes the process of realizing that gay men are just men who are gay, full stop, some manly and some not, *the problem goes away*.
For your own peace of mind, I would try to find a way that does not involve her. She's not wrong that you can graduate and pay for your own transition, though have you looked into transition-related coverage and care through your university? That's usually pretty inexpensive until you've graduated and can pull down a larger income.
In that moment, though, it was impossible to hate the mother entirely. It was painful rather than villainous.
It could be the smile, but it looks like you're seeing cheek fat start to move around, hence you look like you're getting better cheekbones, which is one of the first visible changes for many trans women. Anyway, congrats and good luck :)
I think unfortunately the word "gender" is used in a different sense colloquially by trans people than the sense that would be used in feminist discourse or anthropology. "Sex identity" might be less confusing, but "gender identity" ended up the term we use, which is nice and confusing.
Hard to say. Honestly, it complicates itself. Watching the mother delivering Nomi, you can see why she clings so fiercely to her deadname, and it's a moment of multiple sympathies.
This is a case where the TIL/ELI5 version should be very wary of the emphasis offered. We neither want society at large to get the incorrect impression that our transitions are not medically necessary NOR the incorrect impression that being trans is only legitimate present crippling dysphoria experienced narrowly as suicidal misery.
I mean I agree that fixing society would pretty much solve our suicide problem, but  1) how can we cope until society is fixed?  2) what incremental steps can we use to cope and also fix society bit by bit?
This is exactly what I was hoping for. It sucks that our community needs to share techniques for not dying, and even the best preparation isn't guaranteed, but I do think we need this kind of advice collected and systematized to make staying alive a bit easier.
I recognize how far we've come and my morale is actually pretty high, and I agree that activism now can pay huge dividends later, but if we can keep more of us alive to see that future, it'll come faster and more of us will be around to enjoy it.
This is crucial. I wonder if formal crisis plans help significantly--I know that they would have helped me as a friend know what sequence of actions to take, and I'd intuit that they'd be useful, but a formal plan takes a lot of cold planning and would pretty much have to be made with multiple friends well in advance of a crisis.
You can be a butch woman or a fem man. You can be a butch trans woman or a fem trans man. It's not really that complicated.
It's just intensely ameliorated. You're still going to feel superlatively shitty sometimes. Cis people certainly often do.
... Okay. Tell me more about how I don't get laid, hate sex, hate independence, hate free will, hate men, hate women, and generally slaughter puppies because I despise their free spirits. :)  I probably won't respond in much detail. This isn't /r/sex and I'm sure I don't want to go into huge detail about my love life here. But I'm definitely interested in learning about all the things about me that I clearly don't know about. I was under the illusion that I expect men and women to treat each other like individuals and adults, not like members of different, adversarial species, but you must have access to some information about how I operate that I don't.   Or ... it's also possible you just have a really strong idea of what feminists "have to be" that's somewhat unmoored from reality. In which case you could ask us if we hate sex and other women having sex and men and puppies and civilization and math and critical thinking and art and history and calligraphy and time travel, and also you could ask to get an idea of the range of feminist opinions on subjects.
Since when is cis a derogatory term? Most of my friends are cis, most people are cis, most trans people were literally created by cis people having sex. I can understand feeling like the whole world is against trans people and not set up to treat us as full humans, *and that's true*, but that doesn't mean that trans people hate cis people any more than gay people hate straight people.
It's not used that way in most contexts I'm in. If you're finding yourself in places where hurting trans people have decided to cut themselves off from all cis people and view them as the enemy, *then I understand why they feel that way*, but maybe you should hang with different people?
Half of all men are smaller than average. If you're several standard deviations smaller than that, obviously that might be a problem for intercourse, though it might make you a better candidate for anal or for women who run a bit tighter.   Suicide isn't really a good answer.
Are men really able to handle casual sex?  Gender doesn't really affect that. Some combination of beliefs, values, and preferences does.
Ultimately, I have no idea. Something extremely deep-seated tells me my body should be female, and has done since I could understand that there were two sexes of people. I assume it's the same as cis people's sense that they're supposed to be the sex they are, except for me it's in reverse.   However, I will say this: *people's self-understanding is necessarily incomplete and often wildly inaccurate*. A woman who transitioned to male for the sweet sweet male privilege would probably experience some body horror in a pretty big way; if your bf is happier in his body post-transition, he doesn't have to have a great explanation for or understanding of his reasons for transition to have been medically necessary. I agree that it's a problematic understanding, but I also think that it's not necessary for trans people to always have a clear understanding of WHY they want to transition, just that they need to and are happier as a result.   I sometimes see posts along the lines of "I transitioned because I wanted awesome sex!" and I generally don't take them at face value exactly. I figure that self-description can lag self-understanding, which can in turn lag knowledge of one's needs. If someone transitions and is way happier, I figure that even if they think they transitioned just for better social opportunities or something, they probably *needed* to transition across the board and just don't like saying that.
Capitalism only works because it's *not* a big conspiracy. If you had to get knowing buy in from each individual capitalist stakeholder to maintain the conspiracy, you wouldn't have a very functional edifice. Kind of the same principle as why an illuminati order will never rule the world: the discipline and competence required to do something like that secretly easily exceeds the amount required to do it openly and be admired for it.
Enjoy your bummer nature, then. Ultimately you're allowing an incomplete and unsophisticated understanding of supposed biological truths to trump your own happiness, and if that's how you want to live, that's your affair. But it isn't going to be nearly as satisfying as living life in your own terms.
Hey, go to town, why not? Human freedom matters a lot more than human "helplessness" in determining ethics, IMO.
