SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY.
I want fanged fusilade so bad..  How much forma does this take, by the way?
Why would they be less happy when their life is restored?
No worries, I can give one.
I'm sorry. If you have you time, I'll give it tomorrow.
Pretty sure you can see sorties before mastery rank four.
Although that may make it out of whack, as the description for polymer bundles said it was a corpus design.
11/10 because clem.
It uses melee mods too, doesn't it?
Not sure how it is on PC, but xbone just has loud and obnoxious people once a while. Unless you're above mastery rank, you'll have a lot of doubts.
Not sure where the first original source came from, many others and myself came up with it, but color schemes are just dependant on the first of a gender pair. Since the previous data shows that every gender pair has a black and a white.
Not talking about you in specifically, but more or less the whole fucking sub uses PSA for things on the level of stupid as "clicking the play button launches warframe."
I'd argue it should be expanded.   Perhaps not to a degree that I just mentioned, but in a more narrower degree.  As said before, I can't take it seriously for anything having a tag of PSA. It's only in this subreddit as well.
Perhaps I am childish.  I have been ignoring such, but seeing as it is the only subreddit I've seen have this, I decided to speak out.
&gt; Cephalon Me-La-Suda ("I don't give a fuck" in Spanish)  This gives me more reason to stay with Suda for some damn reason.
The Globe is in a nice spot already, no need to buff it.
I assume it would, but using the Vectis would save a slot for more damage would be a better bet.
Fire rate does not affect Peacemaker, so no.  I don't myself, but precision works, I believe?
Chroma, Limbo, Mirage, Inaros, and Atlas.  To be honest, you shouldn't sell a single warframe unless you have the prime version.
It depends on usefulness and rarity.  Things like primed mods (forget slip magazine), and multishot mods are good to keep.
Corrosive is basically the element required for anything. Blast isn't really.
Coincidence?  I think not.
Yeah.   So much potential platinum I lost due to people not know this.  ^^^Also, ^^^thanks ^^^for ^^^not ^^^using ^^^PSA.
You might fall off somewhere in the 100's level.  Because bypassing armor is just not enough.
What would be the advantage of leveling multiple syndicates when you can focus on two? (Leveling one aggresively while the other allied one is gained passively)
Try to get at a decent level for all of your mods (except things like damage resistance mods) to use. Do not rank your damaged mods either.
The game is not in beta.  DE can say all they want, but having a game released for three years with a sustained trading economy and high quality content is not beta anymore.  It's likely beta to be an excuse if they fuck up on some things.  This doesn't stop DE from having the game change constantly, however.
You think DE would give up on their cash cow?!^^/s
You got it all wrong, it's because the 'derelict' doesn't exist. The handles can't drop anywhere because of that. ^/s
1. Tesla Replacement is fine with me. The ability will never be good and will simply be a stationary Volt shock if it had higher status chance, but how would the augment be replaced?  2. The idea would not really work. DE wants to have it so it can be friendly across all platforms, and the controller is already filled to the brim of controls. The inverted control (tap to throw, hold to change) would work much better. You also forgot about the mines themselves. Bounce should have the ragdoll effect of Shred for enemies, while tripled velocity and height for players. Trip laser is an okay ability, but perhaps extended duration to improve upon it. Shred's ragdoll needs to be removed, however, since it is counter-intuitive. Increase the effect duration to around 10 seconds, and increase the armor reduction's base to 60%. Concuss is a perfect ability as is. The mines should be able to activate immediately upon impact on an enemy is something that I can agree.  3. To be honest, Vauban doesn't really fit a turret theme (something else can be better for that), however a Drone Swarm that has some unique mechanic can work on Vauban if an ability should be replaced (which should be Vortex, really).
What happens if someone doesn't like that as a console player? I know PC has more advantages just due to how PC naturally is, but making it so we get the short end of the stick isn't something that should happen.   Don't get me wrong, a second hotkey is not something I'm against, but you have to think about the big picture.
I fully understand the original suggestion, but I feel like they should be the same across platforms because giving us the short-end of the stick is just plain terrible seeing how it is already.  If you wanted a compromise, make it so the settings can modify it for all I care.
To be honest, those are deserved on your end. Not really what I'd say here or the forums.  However, 'devbashing' on the otherhand..
I know it is, but what the you provided as evidence is not something I would post here or the forums. It's just plain rude.
It doesn't give damage to the weapon, since there is no damage to multiply, but I believe it gives the status procs from what I've heard a few months ago.  That could've been a bug and probably is patch by now if it is so.
I swore it didn't a few months ago.  Though, that's fucking weird in a sense of logic, but screw it.
By choosing to use the meta to make a mission smoother, you're making it boring for yourself and there is no one to blame. It removes any fun of challenge and turns it into a waiting game--how interception was before the Mirage nerf.  It's a players fault that they don't have freedom. They have no skill and just turn a mission into an automated borefest.  Players are allowed full freedom, the mod system allows it, the starchart does, the frames they play. It's just simply how they choose to go along on their freedom. I believe Damage 3.0 is going to fix it as well, but the game in certainly not balanced around the meta.
In it's current state, yes.  However, I have faith in DE that they can fix their shit if it will drop in Archwing.
I have a feeling THAT post made Space Church happen.
Perfectly said.
The reason I said it's highly likely is the fact that I believe the original intent of alternating schedules is to keep the salt of Baro's stock away from the devstreams. I would assume DE would like to keep that.
I don't really think it is a bug.   If you have negative capacity it turns off some mods to compensate (You have radiation instead of corrosive and heat).
Yeah, don't be too hopeful. I'm always assuming it's War Within, but earlier is a pleasant surprise.
Heykkas need to be tanky low damagers.  Give a shitty unranked tonkor instead.
What exactly do you mean by scamming? The game's trading system is as scam-proof as possible as it is.
EV was unaffected whatsoever, so you can use that with no change.  Bless, however needs 150% powerstrength instead of 125(130)% power strength due to the cap. Otherwise, when that's done, just build for duration when your 150% strength is there. Range means nothing, but pop some efficiency if you need it.
If you're going to suggest something, at least be in more detail.  Drop from what?
Nopenopenope get out suggestion, I need forma but not in a diluted way, but I'll take the diluted.
That isn't what I am asking. I know what purple drops are, but where the hell are the drops going to drop from?
Why do you give a fuck to downvotes. And no, I didn't give a downvote.
