Man I wish they bottled their sour. It's so good.
This is such a good book.
Don't study the day before and sleep well the night before. It takes 24 hours for that cramming to set in. Cram in advance.   Basically study each week. Make questions and answers that may be on the exam and pop quiz yourself.   Oh and ask the prof for tips during office hours.   Oh. Do not. I reapeat. Not. Let the prof see you cry. Never show weakness to the enemy.
Isn't she against gay marriege and some other controvercial things too? I think it's just a ruse to cover up real stories like the TPP and the Freedom Act. We rather fawn over a celeb than worry about freedom.
I would like to see him shooting a gun and smoking a joint while high fiving an eagle and drinking a beer with an Iraq vet.
Even worse, Tuaca and Diet. BLARGGGGGGG
All American style vodka tastes the same. Funny though, I had a bottle of White Doctor from the super market from Russia a while back and everyone said it was so smooth and good. I think it cost like 75 cents? Also Peter the First cigarettes are pretty tasty.
Real men are not ashamed of ordering a pink cocktail served in a martini glass.
Whoever abandon him should get 17 years bad luck and bad karma. :( Such a cute kitty and awesome forever parents for taking him in :)
You could be 135 lbs and still be healthy at 5'10".
Rich and related to Luke Skywalker. Probably high and drunk all the time.
Taxis are assholes. On New Years we too a cab from a bar to a house maybe 1/2 mile away. He was demanding 25$ Minimum. We laughed in his face saying they can't do that. Gave him 15$ and said that was generous. It wasn't on the meter and he was trying to scam drunk people.
I wish they would show examples of skinny women with cellulite in an article about it. Instead it's just click bait for a ton of cellulite burning ads. :(
I think they get away with it because it's not like they are harassing people. Just talking about necrophelia and how hot those dead girls are. :/
Last year MRI at private clinic with no insurance coverage? 500$ upfront cash. Last month WITH insurance, pay 100$ "co pay, on top of monthly fees", insurance company is billed 10,000$ from the hospital. Corupt as shit.
And they can't drop you or hike up your rates significantly if you get a condition. Which was previously the case. They would just drop people saying they have met their lifetime coverage and would no longer be covered. WTF.
I think it did bleed out, I saw people getting doxxed saying they were going to call their bosses because of r/fph but I saw some animosity in some of the fitness forums as well.
i guess if it doesn't harass people it's fine. The rapist stuff is offensive though. Like the AMA that asked rapists why they did so. That was some WTF material.
I liked those (people who have killed someone). The people had some really good questions/answers.
Does no one look into their rearview mirrors? I mean, I see the back of my car regularly every day, multiple times a day. I look in the mirror every time I have my turn signal on to change lanes, I physically turn my head to change lanes like everyone should have been taught in drivers education, check your blind spot, which so happens also to be in the vicinity of the rear seat. When parking I look back to make sure I don't hit someones car. Does everyone just drive straight, never park, and never turn?
I gurentee it is a homeless man who keeps moving after the cops cite him, and each time they smell his breath and he probably has a flask or an open container of rot gut. They basically harass the homeless there because rich people don't like seeing people in rags roaming their fancy streets. It makes the apple store look bad.
It would be nice to have it on doors. People just slam their doors into other cars. Auto door breaks? STOPs the doors from opening onto another car. No freaking respect.   I would also like force field human breaks for assholes who think it's okay to hit my car with a shopping cart, bust a tail light, and walk away. I don't leave the house anymore because every time I do there is another ding, scratch, dent in the car.
No problem with them. It's more of if you don't like it then don't subscribe. But I guess there  was some doxing going on which I don't approve of.
Please don't ruin my childhood. I loved this book.
Wait is that too small?
Wow. USA kinda sucks.
You had a shitty dentist. :( I'm sorry. Please try again. There are really good dentists out there who are there to help you have the best teeth and health.
Nope. Try 1000$. SF is fucked.
Will she? Maybe GRRM and the show want to trick us into having hope just to smash it away next season.
10 years from now George RR Martin might have actually finished the books. Wait, probably not.
Martin likes to toy with your emotions, first you hate him and then when he starts chilling with Brienne you kinda like him a little, and then you are not sure.
I think the books cover this. I forget.
ANDDDD I would just skip that year. I could barely get through the books. So dull.
The burden gets no lighter over the years.
I think it was an intersting change. More sharp and brutal vs long and drawn out. I did feel it was a little rushed.
So one season of the show every 5-10 years? &lt;3
We had a Dumbledore but in teh books it was not Olly. But agreed with others, a bit rushed.
You mean the boring parts I skimmed through twice? Ughhhhh Iron islands. I would have skipped the whole book if possible.
I'll believe it when I see it. Mr. George 'Takes a decade to write the next book' Martin.
Dorn never felt like a good plot in the book. I think it was nice to just have it short and sweet.
Tiger, Tiger. one of my favorites.
I really hope they don't include the rest of the other books. I found that plot not as enticing.
Yes. I was going on the assumption they would follow that train of thought.
Can't tell if r/ niceguys is parody or real.
It just looks like someone being irrational after finding out that a guy who they liked cleaned up his life, stopped drinking, got fit (yoga/marathons) and met a girl who was fit and into the same things he was. Vs. a girl who was nice to him but didn't seem to actually like anything he did or encourage him to be healthier and decided that she wasn't going to be thin forever so she just gave up and embraced being fat which is such a fatalistic attitude.
Makes more sense, I was invisioning 'burito' like a restaurant.
So they got fined .oo3% of last quarter's profits? Not even last year, last quarter....Seems like a drop in teh bucket.
It's cool, they got 32 BILLION just last quarter.
We deserve it. How long did we know about red and purple wedding? A decade?
Seriously. She should paint the gayest rainbow she can with a picture of Noah, being SUPER.
