WTF dude!? That movie is totally ruined for me now!
I would kill to have a game with Skarner, Jakiro, and Geb all together.
Totally sarcasm.
No demoninator on the number of hits. 28 out of how many?  Researcher failed to keep track of women who were hit.  Researcher failed to use a male walker as a control group.  2/10. Flawed methodology, would not fund.
It bugs me that people get the amount of time dilation wrong. At just barely under light speed time slows down by a factor of 7. So if the flash ran for 10 minutes at light speed (from our perspective), he would experience 70 minutes.  Granted if he goes faster than light speed (because speedforce), then the writers can make shit up because we're outside physics.
Both of those things sound like reasonable things to do, but I'm extremely suspicious of Republicans messing with election scheduling. They say it's because voter turnout is higher in the fall vs the spring, but Republicans have a long history of screwing with elections to prevent minorities from voting so I'm not putting much trust in that explanation.  Having the Secretary of State able to prosecute local and county election fraud instead of the county courts could enable corruption from the state government, but it could also remove corruption from local and county governments.
Your original post earned you a lot of respect from me (a godless liberal), but the more you keep talking the more you're undoing that.   In the US conservatives, Republicans, and the far right Christians all go hand in hand when you put any one of them in front of a camera. No, not every single Republican is a conservative Christian, or every Christian a conservative Republican, or every conservative a Republican Christian. But the correlation between those 3 groups is incredibly high. And if you want to stand even a snowball's chance in hell of winning a major election as a Republican, you had better fucking be a conservative Christian as well.   Rachel Maddow had nothing to do with the entwining of Republicans and far right Christians, that process has been happening since the 70's and hasn't shown any signs of changing. These days conservatives and Republicans are known as the party of old white racist mysoginists, and their policies reflect that. Just because you don't like it doesn't change reality.
"This video is not available in your country."  What the fuck do you mean it's not available for me to see!? This is the US of goddamn A! We own Youtube!
If by fun you mean he wildly swung between useless and God incarnate with little time inbetween.
It's okay brother, if we can win the arcana vote then Valve will be forced to update Jakiro's model.   Unless they go pants on head retarded and make a kickass arcana that just covers the shitty model.
I'm pretty sure that was Moses. Who also lived a really long time, but not on the scale of Noah.
Versus humanity's extinction? Hell yes. Governments can be changes or overthrown. Extinction is permanent.
Yes there are. And there are an even larger number of people who don't actively *hate* women but do actively work to limit their rights for other reasons, usually religious reasons.   And that doesn't even account for the societal imbalances that are leftover from when sexism was rampant in our government. The wage gap has been largely closed in most fields, but there is still a distinct lack of women in leadership roles, most STEM fields, and in construction, trade jobs, and manual labor.   Both sexes in our society face discrimination and both have problems society doesn't acknowledge, but women easily have it worse in their day to day life.
I'm not a grammar expert, but I've always used "than" as a direct comparison between two distinct things. X is better than Y. "Then" is used to denote time, but also to string together statements in an arguement. If X then Y.   In your use "But than" isn't directly comparing being a dick to correcting someone, it's assigning the trait of "being a dick" to someone who corrects others.  So it's closer to "if you correct someone's mistake *then* you're a dick", *than* it is to "correcting someone's mistake makes you more of a dick *than* someone who doesnt."
Hate is a powerful emotion.
I'm not sure if I should up vote you because I'm also glad its gone, or to downvote you for bringing it here.
I don't think AskReddit supports spoiler tags. They're not a reddit wide feature, individual subs have to code them into the CSS.
Luckily it's just water so it's won't stain the carpet nearly as bad as wine would.
&gt; too many mods.   I... I don't know what you mean. Too... *many*... mods? These words don't make any sense together.
It's not that Riot over buffs or nerfs champions, it's that they've locked themselves into a certain power level for champions and they can't deviate from that without completely changing the game. Valve has no problem with having a hero be able to 1v5 the entire enemy team, it just takes her 50+ minutes of straight farming to get to that level. Everything in Dota is bigger and more extreme, supports with zero items can have spells that do 1000 damage or have cc that lasts for 3,4, or even 5 seconds. Carries can crit the entire enemy team for quadruple digit damage. Initiators are able to flash 3 times as far as in league with a 12 second cd, and then instantly catch the entire team in 3+ sec cc.   As long as these things exist in Dota, Valve can do whatever the fuck they want to heros who are struggling to bring them into line. The last 3 patches Valve has done things that when you read it on paper it sounds absolutely broken, but when you a tally use it in conjunction with everything else it seems average. If every hero is able to become godlike powerful, then teams are able to diversify their picks without worrying about picking the absolute best.
I can't believe people fell for that.
Oxytocin is one hell of a drug.
It's a pretty BIG FUCKING DEAL.... that has had almost no impact on the greater story. So reading that will ruin one of the biggest "Oh Fuck!" moments for the series, but it won't ruin much of the overall story.
Seriously, if they don't give him Longclaw it's kind of a slap in the face.
I haven't looked at that article but I already know what it is simply by the culture name you gave.
I'd imagine very isolated ones. You can't wage war against anyone if resources are abundant and there's no other groups of people near by.
I just want to mention how incredible it is that a large part of the story deals with Kvothe worrying about money and trying to earn it, and Rothfuss somehow makes it captivating to read.
Fuck it. 1 month ago Fallout 4 was just a joke. Who knows,  maybe Valve is going to announce HL3 as the very first Steam machine exclusive.
Damn, they missed a perfect opportunity to conduct some long term science. Flip a coin and circumcise only one boy and leave the other intact. Then raise them to be comfortable sharing intimate details of their sex life with you and record the differences between them.
Are you seriously comparing Fallout 2 to 3 as an example of Bethesda taking risks? They took another company's IP and turned it into the style of game they excel at. They did absolutely zero risky innovation with that game. They basically made another Elder Scrolls game but made everything brown and added guns.
I think you should stop reading the lore of The Elder Scrolls. That tends to drive people to insanity after a while.
I'm pretty sure it's the cholesterol that's the issue, not the calories. Those 70 calories are also 60% of your daily cholesterol.  If you're trying to lower it, then you've already gone over your limit for that day.
I just want to point out that I love how you're casually acknowledging that -40F and -40C are the exact same thing.
Which isn't wrong. Even letting them channel at all was being generous.   "Oh you draw your power from the One Source? Too bad that doesn't exist here."
In this case Rand's magic shouldn't have worked at all. In Westerns there is no Creator and thus no One Source to channel from. It doesn't matter how badass of a water mill you have if the river doesn't exist.
I have no idea if you're telling the truth or just bullshitting us, but you used just enough medical terms to make it sound legit without using any obviously fake ones...  So have an upvote.
Man can you imagine the absolute shit show Fox News would have with this if this happened to Obama?
It kind of does. I love this country, but it has a thousand different embarrassing problems that we somehow haven't managed to fixed. We're pretty damn great, but we're not as great as we could be.
Sacrifices must be made.
Your family is terrible at nicknames. Just calling him Tripod is good enough, Tripod Pod is just redundant and sounds weird.
What's the point of this game? Do you win if you clean enough? Or is it just an endless house cleaning simulator?
That sounds like a great way to get arrested for hitting his daughter.
And I've never had a tire get rusted to the point where I had to beat it with another tire to change it, so this entire argument is rather silly.
True, and I can't really complain since I'm trying to do the exact same thing you did.
Hell, I've played over 2k games and I've only ever held a Rapier by pulling it from the cold dead hands of my enemy.  Never buy a Rapier. Even if you're playing Medusa and you've had 90+ min of free farm and you're 15 - 0.
That is an extremely shitty thing to do.
It will be bug ridden nightmare, and I'm going to play the shit out of it.
The states aren't allowed to violate the 14th amendment. The 14th guarantees equal protections for every person. The Supreme Court has used this exact same logic to strike down bans on interracial marriages in the past. Using it to strike down bans on same sex marriage isn't any different.
He really is. It's weird to think about the massive shit storm that was caused when he was appointed by Bush. Everyone was freaking out about appointing a fairly young judge to the SC and immediately promoting him to Chief Justice, but he's proven to be pretty damn good at it.
This is also a monumental decision that every generation to come will learn about. I can see why each dissenting justice would want to explicitly say why they oppose it.
