You need to choose a side. It's not divisive enough, otherwise.   ^(^:/)
Hopefully many people will still be able to expand their games and get them onto the Oculus Store and/or elsewhere.
That's... actually less than I would have expected. A lot of things are admittedly downloaded without going through Share, though.
I'm not advocating it, but it is technically possible to make something in UE4, or Unity with the right plugins, without particularly doing any programming. You'd need to work within the confines and limitations (and flaws) of whatever GUI system you were using, though, and knowing enough to be able to write at least some simple code would probably make things a lot easier even then.   Starting with learning some code (the basics at least) seems like a good idea to me, but it's very difficult to learn from scratch without being able to do anything practical. Once you're familiar with one language you can basically sit down with a book and learn another in many cases, but when starting out, make sure you're at least set up to output text so you can mess about and see results when you want to.   I don't know about UE4, but many Unity tutorials try to teach basic programming at the same time as the editor stuff. That may provide a reasonable way for you to be able to test what you write.
I think Boo has been removed in Unity 5. JavaScript was most common in old Unity tutorials and docs, but they've mostly all used C# more recently. I like C#, though loose typing probably makes things easier to pick up at first.
They've advertised Lighthouse features as integral to the HTC Vive so far. Imho if the controllers, base stations or associated software fall victim to Valve Time, Vive will end up delayed to match it. (Hopefully not for as long as Steam Machines though.)
Sharpen first; wave later.
Ah, that's a point admittedly :/. I'd only been considering safety issues related to letting go of the controllers unintentionally. Still unfortunate if that's the reason.
Native Rift support in Windows 10 is the most impressive thing about the collaboration. That hopefully means everything will be plug &amp; play, no problems with getting Direct Mode working, no unnecessary latency or performance issues etc.   If people think the virtual cinema is all there is to VR, that could put them off, but there'll always be some experience that could put people off if they mistakenly think it's all VR is about.
I took it to be making fun of people's lack of imagination. Microsoft probably should have used something like the moon cinema for that video, though.
From the look of the Oculus controllers I expect it'd be easier to forget they're there, which would make them very versatile and help with hand presence. The wand feeling might be an improvement in a few cases, though (e.g. swords or fishing poles?)
There's already a greater problem with PS Move not having a trackpad or analogue stick.   It'll cause some limited fragmentation, but not of the sort that having no motion controls would, where you need to choose between - or attempt to support - two completely different methods of interacting with a game. It's mostly just like one controller has a few more buttons, and devs have been working around that with console controllers etc. for a long time now.
...Because you place your coffee cup down on a coaster?...
That just doesn't sound weird enough to interest me.
I didn't downvote, but: Technically it's six months maximum between the CV1 and Touch releases if we assume no delays, not minimum. Since CV1 is unlikely to launch on New Year's Day, it'll probably be something less than that. Some Touch dev kits are already in developer's hands, and it's the consumer release of Touch that's supposed to be in the first half of 2016. Software will likely be available as most devs will want to port their motion-controlled Vive games to the Rift.   It'll probably be about six months from the Vive release, though (assuming that's not delayed), so I'm not recommending holding off or anything. Both are likely to be good choices for slightly different reasons.
Are we sure that wouldn't be an advantage in VR?
Costs involved in handling the extra SKU would be greater than the savings on the headphones. Some people will probably end up breaking theirs, so you could always give or sell your spares to them.
It is in the case of local multiplayer games.
So you're saying the information was old, but they hadn't changed the basic HMD design since then, therefore Palmer lied when he said it was old?
&gt; I'm speaking strictly on the design of the consumer version.   You might be, but Palmer wasn't. He was responding to the leak generally. In fact, he mentioned specific examples from the leak in his post, and none of them were the HMD design.  The HMD itself was old in any case as evidenced by the green glowing earphones and particularly the front-facing camera (which wouldn't have been removed immediately before the final version was locked down considering how iterative and cautious the design process has been). Like I said, we can disagree over whether "ancient" was the correct word to use. I think it was too strong, but obviously nobody thought the images were ~thousands of years old so it was clearly hyperbole either way. The argument becomes "how old does 'ancient' mean when not used literally?"    ^(Edit: Considering that the basic design in the leaked image builds closely upon Crescent Bay's, it's not plausible that Palmer intended people to believe it was DK1-era stuff.)
Good question. Could also be to avoid people noticing light leakage around the nose or something, I guess.
I [agree](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3a28mp/mark_reign_the_oculus_touch_was_truly_ground/cs8p3zh?context=3) (the pictured hand strap looks like it could still fly off if you were waving your hands around, though, so it might need some adjustments). There'd probably still be time for them to change something like that at this point. If not, though, the controller looks as if it'll be great anyway.
Unfortunately, wild speculation is an unforgivable crime here on /r/oculus. You are forever banished lest your unprecedented example influence others of our innocent and blameless society.
Pretty unfortunate that Scorched Battalion crashed. I guess the combination of the phone already starting to overheat plus the WiFi streaming video capture was too much for it.
Essentially it's because very little research has been done and nobody is sure that it *couldn't* cause damage. If anything the research I've heard of (on primates) suggested it would be unlikely to cause permanent damage even with extreme, long-term use, but I wouldn't want to try it. It shouldn't be any worse than watching a 3D movie on a screen, though. As far as I know the occasional *short* session is less likely to cause harm than a lot of other things kids do.
Sounds great! Hopefully sales will pick up again when the consumer Vive and Rift are released.
&gt; ...stereopsis (binocular disparity) is  ... still effective up to ~65 meters...  That's pretty impressive. I would have expected far less.
&gt; I think that's the point. The Palmer in the video really does sound honest, the Palmer that tries to sell us on the Xbox gamepad idea during the last six months, does not.   He's probably sounded less frank and direct by comparison, but I'm not sure what he's said since has sounded dishonest or particularly contradicted his earlier statement. He's basically said the XBox One controller is one of the all-time best traditional controllers, that most VR software developed over the last couple of years has been designed for a traditional controller and they can't betray those developers and abandon that high-quality content. None of that means a traditional controller is well suited to VR overall.
The main issue would be in delaying the headset until Touch is ready.
I'd still keep an eye out during CES announcements, personally, just to be on the safe side. I wonder what the chances are of a pre-CES announcement, though? If there is one, probably it would be more likely to announce the pre-order date than immediate pre-orders (maybe?)
If they meant two dozen rather than "around two dozen" or "at least two dozen", it's exactly 24. ^(Assuming they're not bakers, that is.)
It's still quite possible some of them might not be ready for the launch. Some were probably started later than others, for one thing, and some of them are Touch games. Anyway, though it may not make total logical sense, having some high-profile new games releasing occasionally throughout the hardware's lifecycle has some advantages over them *all* being available from the start.
Being chosen to receive a free $600 dev kit makes a much bigger than $600 difference to developers if they can't buy a dev kit otherwise. It can be the difference between being able to develop something or not, in some cases.
The 780 (esp. overclocked) is pretty close to the recommended 970. I'd try it out and see how it goes. Then if performance is acceptable in the games you want to play, you can at least wait until new cards are released before upgrading.
VR will likely continue to take big leaps forward for a few generations yet, with each previous generation becoming largely obselete. If you can stand it, though, feel free to at least hold off for a while after the launch, see what's available and what the combined cost is, find somewhere to try it out before buying, and make your decision then.
I also didn't actually pay much attention to the timing of announcements at previous shows. Is there a reason you think they'll wait until after press day?
Seems very plausible to me. Something relating to the camera always seemed like the simplest answer, but on the other hand many of us were already expecting something along these lines since the Vive was first shown with two cameras, and especially after HTC said it would track moving objects like pets some time back, so who knows.
I'll stick with early March. Not based on any special knowledge, though, just a guess.
I agree, but it sure looks like a speaker. Must be something.
I feel the same way within reason, but exactly this sort of thing caused a lot of outrage on /r/Vive, and just a couple of weeks ago I saw one guy accusing the mods here of having accepted bribes from Oculus because their Connect applications were apparently approved. Some people are very zero-tolerance about this stuff. Could end up being more trouble than it's worth.   Thankfully, [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/3zgoyg/the_lets_all_throw_down_and_buy_the_skint/) seems to have worked out well.
As far as I've seen it seems to get less credit than it deserves for having essentially invented the modern RTS genre (and for having been Command &amp; Conquer three and a half years before Command &amp; Conquer).
Yup, and two and a half years before the first Warcraft game. Warcraft wasn't as clone-y as C&amp;C (which is nonetheless a great game in its own right -- not disparaging it), but it still uses the same basic elements and principles. Edit: Then as they move on to Starcraft it gets closer to Dune II if anything.
&gt; Sports scores on TV during a match  Is this even something people want from AR?
Ah, nice. So the problem isn't as simple as looking up whether the laptop uses Optimus, as I'd thought. Oculus had talked about the possibility of releasing an application to check people's systems for Rift compatibility... I wonder if there's any chance that will be released when preorders are opened?  Despite what people say, the specs given by Oculus are officially marked as "recommended" rather than minimum. I expect they will in effect be the minimum to ensure smooth performance in every game on the Oculus store, but there's a good chance you could get by with a bit less in many games and think about upgrading after new graphics cards are released later this year.
I agree, though we should additionally keep in mind that [all he has](http://imgur.com/8tH0JdP) is his passion for VR, his legions of fans, his millions of dollars, and his youth. Completely deserving of the same respect and sympathy for another person trying to do their job - sometimes in difficult circumstances - as anyone else, but overall, he could probably do worse :).
&gt; You're basically the guy that motivated Palmer to make the Oculus :D  I am not a lawyer, but I'm pretty sure that means you legally own all of his money and possessions now. I mean, he wouldn't have had them without that motivation, anyway, right?   Then a third sentence to take the joke even further in attempt to ensure that nobody mistakes the comment as serious.
1. Newer sets are much much better.   2. The latency and framerate issues you mention are the computer's fault, and would give anyone a bad experience.
I see there are things that could be taken that way, but then again, some things could almost as easily be taken to be making gentle fun of SJWs. For example, the game is filled with monsters who will kill you if you don't say the right things. ;)  Seriously, though, most things in the game are presented with such good-natured humor that it seems to me to be difficult to take offense to them.
If that was the case, the price of giving them all unexpected free headsets would have covered it.
"Roughly in the ballpark but higher" means "roughly in the ballpark but probably higher"?
