Still more entertaining than the May-Pac fight
So musicians don't work hard and aren't legitimate?
I can smell the grilled crow from here.
They can snitch on each other when it's something tiny like this but not when people's lives are fucked by police brutality?
Applause for doing your job? The job where you VOWED to Protect and Serve? Fuck me.
I hope the inmates find something else about him valuable.
Athletes are entertainers, children are children. Do you applaud he garbage man when he picks up your trash?
Les would rather own a hockey team than have one lease Toyota Center with a different owner. If the money were right Les would jump at a Hockey team.
You aren't missed.
2 NBA Championships&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;a minor league Mickey Mouse turner cup  Ps. It's easier to sell more tickets when they are free with any taco cabana purchase.
Never too late for a Salary dump
Like many animals the yuppies migrate north to the heights during the summer for their patio bars.
But I though corporations had our best interest in mind? I thought regulation was a bad thing?
You might as well be wearing a wife beater too.
Next date leave that in your car as "trash"
Pro tip: leave that in your car as "trash" next time you pic up your parents to go somewhere. FREE DINNER and maybe even some gas money.
My religious beliefs allow me exemption from your man made rules. /s
That guy is a giant racial troll. Don't give him the pseudo internet fame him wants.
The grand Jury won't charge this trigger happy dude with murder. You can't approach people unarmed and not expect to be shot in the State. Seems like people take pride in that. The Way of the Gun in Wild West Texas. 2015 or 1915?
Good thing I wasn't tempted to buy futures last month. Gonna wait for $28 at the very least.
I'm sure you'll be able to find a nice used one soon with all the upcoming repos.
Probably an energy EFT on Vanguard for me.
Backing into the playoffs, winning the worse division in football and losing in the first round is hardly choking. They just aren't that good.
And a broke down Wade, Deng can?
People sure don't have restraint anymore. There was a time people just ignored morons and went about their business. Now egos are so high we have to respond to everything.
You don't do the purge anymore? Man, everyone is so PC now.
For the folks that don't suck on OG teets "tough luck, get a better job".
A wounded animal is an aggressive animal.
Then what would be the incentive to car pool? The HOV would be just as packed as the freeway unless you charge $20 a trip or something.
Funny thing about the folks in here (possibly transplants) screaming that Houston is doomed will most likely just leave. They have no real ties, no real emotional investment in the city and will move on. This city was great before the boom and will evolve and be great after it.
Our hero! Thornton!
And Alfonso Cuarón won best director the year before that! Mexican directors are the shit!
Because bolt guns and sledge hammers are so much more humane...
Right before the crack of dawn amirite?
Keep Houston Horse.
Lol, suburbs and diversity? That's cute.
No shit. I mean that's common sense but I'd rather invest in the S&amp;P500 before I do in oil. I don't see oil getting anywhere near $65 for a long while. I don't think oil is a sure think any more.
So what your saying is the smartest guys in the room just lost millions of dollars? Doesn't sound very smart.
This is rec league basketball but fun to watch
Is it ok to call these guys douche bags or do I need to be PC?
Ugh. So ghetto.
Bookit was the ish too.
Sucks but your title gave me an idea for a new band name....**Van Stolen**
You'd think these petulant folks consider themselves martyrs for sustaining the lives of millions of trendy restaurants and douchey bars.
Give me the future comanche tribe fam.
It sucks that one bad decision could destroy such a promising career but I guess that's the consequences of alcohol in excess. It's these videos that should be played in high schools while teens are still learning about drinking.
That's one pricey trap house.
Cars for kids....but only the jewish kids.
Nope. That's talking from experience. They both cater to the same customer.
fuck off back to whatever shit hole you came from. You contribute what to our culture? Lobster sandwiches or some bullshit.
