What.A.Bitch.  When you're around her and she's nasty or mean, or whatever she is being, look at her and reply "nasty." Or "mean-spirited," or "unkind." "Disparaging."   Hell, I'd get a thesaurus and start learning synonyms left &amp; right.
SHE gave you used/contaminated crap, and she expects YOU to be embarrassed? Yeah, her picnic basket's shy a few sandwiches.
Future grandmother wants a present at a baby shower being thrown for someone else?  Had no one pointed out to MiL how self-centered &amp; wrong that expectation is?
Unless you &amp; your FH are willing to bear all the wedding expenses, you can darned well bet there will be trouble with the wedding planning if his parents are contributing any funding.  Your best bet is to sit with FH &amp; make a list of things you will not bend on for the wedding, and then a separate list of flexible choices.  It will give him a better idea of things he'll need to hold firm on with his MiL and give him better ammo with which to negotiate. If you can swing the wedding costs without help, then definitely keep her on an info diet. "Oh, that's an idea, but we have that already taken care of." "Yes, that's interesting. We'll have to file that away for reference."    Your wedding. Your choices. Stop trying to "make" her like you. That boat has sailed. The best thing you can do for yourself is be polite, honest, &amp; straightforward. Have witnesses, save communications.  Always keeping the evidence of playing fair &amp; nice. You never know when you'll need it.
Oooh!  Good one. Although I've heard Taylor, for all her marriages, was a fairly well regarded &amp; genuinely nice person, so might not fit Poor Pity Party.   Screw up three marriages, and one really should be wondering "maybe it's ME!?"  But yeah, that almost never happens, does it?
She IS trying to kill his sex life. Well, actually, she's trying to prevent any romantic interaction between her son &amp; The Other Woman.  "Mom, I want to spend the entire evening banging my brains out. The last faces I want to see are my parents'!"
I know they're the bane of your modding these days, but I kinda like them, especially the ones served with a nice helping of justice boner on the side.  It's encouraging to hear about a MiL getting smacked back done to size.
&lt;3  I really like it when the heroes &amp; heroines win, especially when they take down the ol' dragon in front of family &amp; kingdom!     Keep thy sword sharp and thine spine arrow straight!
Then turn it right back on her!   "Just?  YOU JUST??? You were just giving him ice cream before bed? In what sane universe does someone give a child ice cream a few hours before bed? You know, the bed you denied him? That sleep you were told and now have witnessed for yourself, that he so desperately needed? You made him suffer to feed your own jollies. He was so over-wrought &amp; over tired he could barely function, and yet, he KNEW what was best for him! The CHILD KNEW what he needed and THAT'S why he so desperately wanted to come home. The child knew better than the adult who was entrusted to care for him! There is no explanation in the world to satisfy me, so don't even try to justify your selfish behavior!"
To quote a very popular opinion around here: "NO!" is a simple, declarative sentence.  Your life, your family, your rules, your plans. Don't let an outside force disrupt them if you can avoid it. MiL is NOT the end-all, be-all to your world.  Keep your plans.  She should check with you (and check her privilege) before she invites herself  or your starts planning your life.
You poor guy! No salsa? No obscenely unnaturally orange nacho cheese sauce in your life?  Come to America, my friend, and taste its wonders.
Oh, for eff's sake. I doubt her little pea brain absorbed one bit of information you were trying to give her. Is apraxia similar in nature to the weird sort of aphasia some migraine sufferers experience where they understand speech, but during an episode simply can't make the words come out either correctly or at all?  It's like the brain's wiring becomes jumbled/signals crossed.    Any child who can pick up a second language--which to my mind  is exactly what sign language is, seems like a damned intelligent little human!
:::thunderous applause::: Feels pretty darned good to flash that sassy spine, doesn't it?
Our brains are the most fantastically plastic of organs, aren't they? The fact that we're learning we can almost rewire them from the outside with therapy &amp; "exercising" them is nothing short of miraculous.
How dare ANYONE tell you how much time you choose to spend with your family member who will be permanently gone from your life within a very short time.   She is dying. THAT is a certainty which cannot and will not be changed. Those who remain living, those people who are jealous of time spent with a dying young woman, they who are jealous of those last final moments you spend with your sister; they, who are healthy with miles of road stretched out before them? Their attitudes are to be pitied. What childish &amp; self-centered behavior they are showing. Both of them deserved to have their behavior &amp; attitudes pointed out to them &amp; shamed.
Yeah, exactly, because words simply...it's...oy. That's...at least she had the sense to recognize damaged people &amp; leave right away.   :::shudder::::    Sex tips from Game of Thrones AND your mother???    Whoo boy. This one's a doozy.
Heck, I would go as far as to NOT include a time when she can expect a sleep over, because she WILL push that time line.  A strongly worded email is probably the best way to delivery the first blow, set the boundary in place, and get a sense of her reaction so you can "gird your loins" for the oncoming battle. Have no doubt, there will be SERIOUS push back from her on this, so I hope LO's father will not present a problem because you're going to upset his mommy. Your little one, your family, your rules.
Definitely drop them a text message or email with "We've noticed a pattern of visits every weekend. Although it's been lovely to see you &amp; we know you enjoy seeing the baby, it's getting to be a bit overwhelming to entertain every weekend so we feel it's wisest to set some boundaries to keep harmony in our expanding family. The weekend errands &amp; tasks which need to be accomplished are beginning to pile up.  Rather than continuing to feel overwhelmed, we think it's best for us that you check with us before assuming we will be free to entertain each weekend.  As it stands now, this weekend finds us busy with quite a few things so a visit is not going to work out for us. We'll let you know if our schedule improves."
And I'll bet Bippy can cook!
Yowza! This is fantastic! Bold, mature, pointed, with expectations of her future behavior if she wants to continue having a relationship, while still being protective of his wife &amp; child.   It has it all. The Magical Penis line is brilliant.
Change your once in a lifetime wedding date because it's near somebody's birthday??? Does she realize how ridiculous this sounded?  It's a birthday. EVERYONE has one, every year. No getting around them, unless you die.  A wedding, if you're lucky, comes once in a lifetime.  I'd be tickled pink to go to a wedding on my birthday. Cake, food, booze, music, laughter. What's not to love about that?!
This is a Master Class being taught right here, y'all.
My blood got kinda hot when I read about him giving her permission to open the gifts, then I realized some of the comments were on the money. By saying "you open them" he also is saying "Begone! You hold no power here!"    (I had comedian Kevin Meany's song "I Don't Care" playing in my head by the end of your post https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aoz7t8DovQ )   edit--letters, because they change meanings
Reading this makes me wish so very hard for a time machine so I could either go back in time to knock ALL these awful mothers right on their asses, or at the very least give their children a heads up about the shitstream that was about to flow their way.     Your mum sounds like she's a wonderful soul who managed to get her way to adulthood with a strong inner sense of right &amp; wrong in spite of her own very screwed up parents.  What a love she must be.
"Just a bit of advice to you, dear sweet MiL. I will not keep secrets from other family members. If you choose to talk ill of others in front of me, I WILL repeat it back to them. I believe people should be aware of awful things being said behind their backs.  I know if you are willing to say unkind things about them to me, I can only assume you will say unkind things about me to them. You've already show your hand.  I don't care whether you agree with me about this or not, but this IS how it's going to be from now on, so take this as your only warning. And just so you know, I don't think someone who constantly talks crap about others is the sort of person I would want around my children very often."
But you DON'T want her there. More importantly, neither of you NEED her to witness the birth.  This isn't some royal birth which needs to be documented!  She cannot help you, she will not do anything except take your focus from doing your jobs: bringing your little one into the world with as little stress and trauma as possible.  She's already causing you BOTH stress. This will only be amplified when you are in labor.  Have DH research the harmful effects of stress on mother &amp; child during labor. If this doesn't give him a clue how harmful her presence can be during and after delivery, then I don't know what else to suggest unless it's possibly enlisting the help of a male friend who will be on your side and can talk him into getting his head out of his ass where it concerns his mother.
Hotel. If there's no way out of the visits, then ALL visitors will stay in a hotel and pay for it themselves. That's not a solution, but it will help give you a modicum of privacy and a bit of respite from their overbearing attitudes.
Obviously, that feminist has never frequented a Walmart. Fat, very white people every where.    Sometimes it's genetics. Sometimes it's a hormonal imbalance. I think most of all it stems from people not understanding how to eat properly for their body. Some bodies just can't/shouldn't eat all the processed boxed crap like mac &amp; cheese, or pizzas, or doughnuts, PopTarts, Oreos, and CocoSugarBooms.  It gets stored up rather than burned up.
Sinister.
Her over-the-top reaction to who cares for your child in the event of your passing is NOT a result of solely depression. Something else is going on with her thought processing. If she ever brings it up again, you could easily point out that her over-reaction and ensuing tantrum only served to cement in your minds you had made the safest and best solution.  And the bit about her son not spending HIS WEDDING NIGHT with her was more than a red flag.  It was a freaking BOMB! Your MiL needs professional help.
NO COMMERCIALS??? That's amazing!!!
"*WE* could be pregnant by Spring"???  Ew.
Just think of all the "this turkey kinda tastes funny. Which baster did you use?" jokes you can make during the holidays.
Op needs to block out that due date, and have herr SO tell MiL the doctor got the due date wrong. The baby is actually due three or four weeks LATER.
I think I hate you. ;)  Salute! I touch the Bream of my Carp in your direction.
Seconding this. File a police report.   I suppose you could give them a heads up it is going to be filed.  "Just didn't want it to catch you unaware. We feel it is in the best interests of all involved to get this matter solved legally because it does involves money, plus any income taxes involved."  Nobody likes dealing with the taxman.    It can't be considered a threat since it doesn't say "pay us, or else," right?  It just says you have to do what is right for all involved.
Why the heck can't you say "book your return ticket"?  I suppose any time she gets on her high horse, you can always tell her she is free to either move herself to a hotel, or book her return ticket home. You'd be happy to assist her with either, but her nonsense WILL be knocked off immediately.   Please remember this is YOUR OWN DAMNED HOME. Your home, your rules. SHE HAS NO POWER THERE. She might like to think she does, but it's your duty to remind her she's laboring under a misguided delusion of having any power in the home of two grown adults.
Ask them how can you "steal" an adult? He is not a piece of property. He doesn't "belong" to them.  He is a fully grown, autonomous human being with his own thoughts &amp; feelings. He is entitled to live his life as he chooses, and he chooses to make a life WITH HIS WIFE.  By what right do they think he is theirs to do with what they will?  His mother gave birth to him. They raised him until adulthood, just as you two will do with your child. Their job as parents is complete. It is done. They have no claim on him other than the fact they can call him "son."
"You know, if I didn't know you any better, I'd think you are actually serious when you made that statement, but I know you are not THAT stupid to think that way. I mean, seriously. Can you imagine there are people who actually think that way??? What a bunch of idiots!"
Ancient Aliens.    Mock worthy and fun.    I'm not saying it's aliens, but, well...you know.
Thank you for updating while in the midst of all this. Keep your head on a swivel and document every single instance of any encounter/communications you have with your husband, or any one else who intercedes on his behalf. Time, date, location, etc.  Good luck!
Has anyone mentioned trying an NSAID for your periods, but taking it BEFORE the pain begins? Start taking them a full 48 hours prior to expected onset of your period, and take it like clockwork. You may find it helps a bit more rather than waiting for the initial discomfort to begin. The NSAIDs knock the inflammation down a bit faster.
Perfect if her head is thick as a rock.
Aw, bless her heart.  Furthering her education must have been impeded by various obstacles in her life. My heart aches for people who have had no one in their lives to help them explore the wealth of knowledge waiting for them beyond their limited education.   Dear lady, proper punctuation and grammar have a purpose in our lives.     https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/61/d6/60/61d6601e73e9b475aac9a3049726fe71.jpg
I don't see why you CAN'T tell her she's on an info diet from now on. SHE broke her word to you and should suffer the consequences. Her *knowing* she'd going to be cut out of the flow of information from now on because she couldn't keep her big trap SHUT is the perfect addition to her punishment. She only has herself to blame.
Champagne leans to warm gold tones like a glass of champagne. Grey/silver leans toward the cool blue side of the spectrum.  All in all, I think you dodged a bullet. Not a sexy, cut down to there gown, AND it wasn't white, cream, ivory, or beige.     Your gown was lovely!
&gt;"she is your only mom, you should forgive and forget".  Yes. You should forgive yourself for any feelings of guilt she might have instilled in you, any heart strings you allowed her to pull, any buttons you allowed her to push. Forgive YOURSELF for all of the mixed up, mishmash of feelings towards her.  And then forget. Forget that she is your mother. From now on, treat her like you would treat any other ridiculous, rude stranger you might meet. If you can't go NC, then limit your contact with her to text messaging only. Do not answer phone calls from her. Do not rise up to take the anger/emotional reaction bait she dangles in front of you.    Recognize how much she ENJOYS causing upset &amp; pain in your life. She feeds off of your negative emotions. Starve her. Don't react. Be blunt, curt, &amp; truthful to her in as few words as possible if you do have to communicate.  &gt;"Hi! So! I am going to assume that you will never forgive me and will always hate me?"   "Good assumption."  &gt;"I am not being passive aggressive, I am sorry that I bruised your fragile little ego"  "You don't matter enough in my life for it to bother me any more."  To the flying monkeys you reply "that might be how she is now, but that doesn't require me to accept reprehensible behavior. **You** wouldn't accept behavior like hers from a stranger, so why are you bent on making me accept it from someone who should know better *because she's my mother?*"  Giving birth isn't license to abuse, degrade, humiliate, or emotionally torture ANYONE.  Some of us will never have the mother we deserve. This is the hardest thing to understand. Mourning the relationship that never was, and never will be, is a tough hurdle to jump. She is irreparably broken. Recognize this.  Don't allow her any more chances to try to break you as well. Remember, what you allow to happen WILL continue, and it invariably will trickle down to YOUR children. If for no other reason, limit your contact, limit the abuse you take from this woman, for their sake.
They look like they're made from polyester fabric which equals hot sleeping.  She does have quite the eye for different, doesn't she?
Internet hugs from a stranger.  That feeling of wanting to stab her in return and twist the knife a few times before you're done is natural. Perhaps when YOU choose to forever go NC, you'll realize YOU will be the winner. You see, as long as you remain unresponsive, YOU WIN THE LONG GAME. It may not feel like you are winning, but you will be! You have all the cards, all the game pieces, all the poker chips. She can't play without them, and without them, she can't win.     Silence can speak volumes.
If you have to talk to her, you could try to keep your answers to her brief. Passive. Don't rise to the fight bait she dangles. Say "Ok," or "you might be right," "that's a possibility," "I wish I knew why," or "you've given me something to think about."  "I'm sorry you're feeling this way."  All vague, open ended answers. Don't confirm or deny accusations.
