&gt; win an argument.  A non-existent argument, at that.
&gt; Clothing in plastic bags - He's been changin' clothes to stay incognito.  To change into clothes that don't smell like weed to not raise suspicion.
Was the only reason you even trained them at all was because you knew that was going to happen? Only reason I would.
Obviously it's the Illuminati planning another false flag, you sheep.
hahahahaha  Freedom of Speech does not apply everywhere. It only protects you from the Government. You swear at customers at a job, you get shown the door.  And if this was a work-at-will state, they can literally fire you for any reason, providing the reason is not because you are part of a protected class.
&gt; troubleshooting Lotus Notes ID  pls no
Jet fuel can't melt Cisco switches?
Gotta get that potassium, bro.
Still no reason to flick someone off and get that pissed off.
That was a huge whoosh.
That should be pretty implied. Don't go into any TV subreddit that you haven't seen.
Also true, people should know better than to put that as their title. But now you may be spoiling it for some people...  (Even though I definitely think he'll be back at some point.)
The rep said DSL is faster than cable internet
Don't get me started on master and slave drives.
Have you considered installing a kill-switch?
Would definitely not label that an MRA sub. More like misogynist rights activists.
Hey now, those are fun as shit to drive.
Was going to post this. Pretty much my dream team.
Bring them along to work with you, they would love to be at school more! :P
Gonna stick with the FDA's recommendations, thanks.
There's not a beer in his hand, so it's almost perfect.
Not that I don't agree with you, but I think Ninite is way more than one person, given that they support an enterprise version.
I don't believe there's a way. You could try unplugging the 1TB and see if Windows rebuilds those partitions on the SSD. If that doesn't work, you could then try booting to your Windows disk and doing a startup repair and see if that takes care of it.  If not, I don't think there'd be that big of a difference, but it would annoy me, for sure.
I would hope a network admin would know it's wireshark and not wireshare...
It looks like she's about to explode with happiness.
Have you played on a 60hz+ monitor? They really shine with first-person shooters, rather than MMOs. Just don't know if it'd be worth the upgrade. I haven't played either, but for MMOs, I'd go for higher resolutions instead, even though you already said you have no desire for them.
Seriously. Hippos kill so many people each year.
Kemps would be awesome.
Bring him lunch (ie, bottle of scotch) and explain what happened, he'll probably laugh.  And I would advise not to have your phone connected to the wifi, just in case something like this happens again. Probably inconvenient, but I would never connect any of my devices to the work network.
Nice, that's gonna look sick. Be sure to post some pics!
The way they walk is so mesmerizing.
No more drugs for that man.
I was thinking Champion!
Glad to hear it works. You should look into installing Plex on your NAS and using it as a server. I've been using that for a few weeks and it's so nice, looks just like Netflix, except I can put what I want on it.
That makes more sense, I guess I didn't look at it from that standpoint.
Battlefield 4 player? Heavy barrel is where it's at.
I can tell he's a good puppy.
You can install the Win10 preview now and it'll upgrade to the retail version once it comes out.  Edit: Actually, I believe it may be better to install Windows 8, activate it, then upgrade to Win10. Then use Win10 preview until the full retail version comes out.
I need 2 think about it
They'd be fine, but pointless, unless you have your PC on 100% of the time.
Might as well get a desktop at that point, jesus. There are mini-ITX builds smaller than that.
I'd say just as silly as bringing that thing in.
Does sound pretty fun. Little expensive, though.
The girls get around.
They don't know what they're talking about.
Yay, you're not dead anymore! Congrats!
I thought you meant nationwide legalization of weed for a second...
I would argue not even trashy. Just people joking around.
&gt; no clue, maybe, depends on your location specifically and I womt know the answer even then.  Signs that you should not give legal advice on a legal advice sub.
That's why it sounds familiar.
