I want to fly one day just like your Grandfather! Do you know what aircraft that is? Its hard to tell by simply the exterior of the cockpit. I'm going to guess F-8.
I think that guy made that story up. If you google 2nd lieutenant Charles "Chester" Horowitz. THe only thing that comes up is this Reddit Thread.
Made the state and local Park Rangers are more conservative like police while the federal ones are more liberal.
No the upper middle class liberal stereotype I was referring to are private pilots, once who don't fly for a living. Usually the ones at the local air field are very Liberal. I think its because most of them are lawyers.
Damn that sucks. That sounds crazy, I feel bad for the kids. THe ones around here
I can honestly say that your Dad taught you correctly!
I love all of the Aviation photos. Especially the ones of the F-86 and the F-80s.
Maybe http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--auHeEneR--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/kd4gtdmhsr0v5t7inkdj.jpg  But I still think he looks pretty close to this Buddy Holly picture http://s3.amazonaws.com/electric-lit-assets/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/buddy-holly-glasses.jpg
I always thought Joker And The Thief sounded more like a 70's hard rock song. But that's just me.
I like money
Except for the 50's. Everything looks good from the 50's.  I swear though the late 90's to mid 2000s already look bad.
I still believe Pete Rose should be in the Hall. Bring on the down votes haters!  Oh yeah Shoeless Joe too!
I think your too young too understand it. Panic at the disco was an emo band big in the mid to late 2000s
Everyone needs to get together and sue State Farm because when I say like a good Neighbor no state farm agent appears...
Did I miss the offensive part? I get spikes was a pun but I didn't find it offensive.
I think you need to watch the movie Taps (1981) again Major Moreland... Pay close attention to what the National Guard Col. says. "You're a death lover" https://youtu.be/wxnZ2fKKQR0?t=1h57m35s (watch to 1:59:40)  Seriously don't join the military if your intent is to die and become a hero. All you are going to do is get your men killed in you (that is if you are planning on going in as an Officer since you are waiting till after college). Seriously if that is your goal, stick to playstation...
lol Ill try not to. But writing a good episode is denial and error.
Do you regret selling it. With its 275 horsepower LT1 engine?
Not American but Richard Branson could be Batman.   I think John McAfee is Tony Stark.
John McAfee is Tony Stark.
Yep. Plus all his pictures with guns, his mannerisms and his speech remind me of RDJ.
I still say the Rangers are more popular than the Devils in New Jersey and the Rangers and the Bruins are the most popular teams in Florida.
I'm guessing the Turtle is OP and the girl came to him. Nice job turtle.
I haven't watched Big Bang in a few years but they have to be out of ideas by now. That show ran its course around 2010-11.
Why? A guy with a 7.97 era in 20 innings, mostly in Tropicana Field...  Is there something I am missing about this guy?
There are buyers if you know where to look and who to talk.  Believe me they are a bunch of old baby boomers with too much money looking for a Outlaw 10.5 car or a fast door slammer.
I never regularly watched it but I got bored of it fast around 2011. It seemed like every episode became Penny and Leorned breaking up and getting back together again. The Indian guy likes a girl, can't talk to her, drinks a beer can talk to her but they beer wears off and he gets shy again.   Howard and his mom yell at each other for five minutes. Then Sheldon who started out as funny just became annoying.
Nope. They are more New Yorkers and New Englanders that like hockey in Florida than Native Floridians that do.   Hell even when the Rangers were in Tampa a few weeks ago it was all Rangers fans at Amalie.
Holy shit I never knew George McFly was so weird. Is he paranoid from meth usage or is he just insane?
At his max Pete Rose weighed 190lbs at 6 foot. No way he took steroids. He's too small.
&gt; Also, Arnon Milchan, a producer on movies like Fight Club, Gone Girl, and most recently, The Revenant, allegedly used his connections to steal U.S. military secrets and send them to Israel a few years back. Not a conspiracy theory, it was on the mainstream news. For whatever reason, he faced no repercussions for what he did.  With the close, tight night relationship the US and Israel have, why would there be any repercussions? I'm sure its stuff we were going to tell them anyway.
Honestly I'd buy a higher quality ABS stick.  A name brand one from inline Warehourse like a Sherwood, CCM or Alkali. Or buy your self a composite shaft and use the ABS blade for roller and a standard blade for Ice.
Stay out of Malibu, deadbeat!
Some how I forgot about the Sandlot. It's ahead of Bull Durham and For Love of the Game for me.
Earn that paycheck random dude.
I hate any team based in New England.   The Bruins, The Pats and of course those god damn Red Sox.
I hope a full comic of this gets made.
Can't say I ever liked the Fine Bros much, but seriously this makes me never want to watch them ever again.
This is even cooler than Clerks!
We know nothing so far. With Marble Hornets we knew Alex was making a movie and stopped because the Operator kept appearing right from episode. In the next few entries we see more of the Operator and Alex starting to film himself sleep. Finally Jay goes into Alex and Brian's houses. (with the exception of Jay entering the houses all of the other stuff I mentioned we learned by Entry 12).   In 12 Broadcasts of Clearlakes 44 we know nothing. No characters names, no background to whats going on, no clue as to what these broadcasts are for, what Clearlakes is. Nothing.   So Yeah I want some plot and some exposition.
I guess it's Pond hockey rules?
But it's not the same as have proper names as Jay, Alex and Tim. Plus what is the point of them? Who are they? Who is the birdwatcher? So far just some cripple. Right from the beginning of Marble Hornets we actually had a plot. We don't have one in Clearlakes 44.  Also I am going to compare Clearlakes to MH because of how good MH was is the only reason I am watching Clearlakes and I guarantee most people are only watching Clearlakes because of Marble Hornets. I know it's suppose to be different but so far it's been pretty dull and pointless. Also they are losing views because of it.
It's not even just because its not MH 2. CL44 sucks because so far it's been very dull. Even if MH never existed and what we have so far for CL44 does, CL44 still sucks. It's dull and has poor story telling.   This may change in the future but so far not feeling it.
Look at you. You can't even pass!
Your views are similar to mine. I don't completely hate him either but not his biggest fan.
&gt; One of the more troubling and confusing things is the camera angles we've had BC#5 and on wards. All of them have been from impossible angles, switching to-and-from spots with no camera or person there to record. I honestly believe this to be the biggest reason why there's so much confusion with the series (aside from a slow delivery of exposition). Hopefully this will be explained further; for now, it seems to be simply a purely filming choice that has nothing to do with the events in-universe. Except of course, the latest video has challenged that idea.  Your explanation was excellent and very detailed. The camera angles have been bothering me too. They kind of remind me of those old school multi-camera angle sitcoms (except this isn't a studio set). I'm still wondering why this is.   BC#11 was interesting as it seemed like Totheark.   I'm worried about what's going to happen with Tim and Joseph gone? We did see Tim in a CL44 video but now that he left what happens now?
I will have to check that one out. His acting was good in the Vanishing on 7th Street but I didn't care for the movie much so I didn't mention it earlier.
&gt; I can't sympathize with Lois after the finale. Her demands of Malcolm were ridiculously controlling. He wasn't out of control there - he was being offered a great job that would make him tons of money. She rejected it FOR him because of what SHE wanted him to do. It's the definition of a controlling Mom.   I remember reading some article online a few years ago about how different people relate to different characters in Malcolm in the Middle. Anyway the author believed that as a mother herself that Lois not letting Malcolm take the job (Wall Street job right?) was a good thing because she would want her kids to earn it.   My reaction was that's bullshit. Malcolm spent his entire childhood dealing with an idiot family and working his ass off in school. He's earned a six figure job as far as I am considered.   I hated Lois after that too.
Helo was a character that grow on me. Hated him in the prequel when he wants to stay behind on Caprica as he felt everything was hopeless. He quickly grows into a badass, becomes an effective officer and ends up with the hot chick.   Also I always felt Doc Cottle was underrated. He reminded me a bit of Col. Potter from M*A*S*H.
I can't really say there is anyone in It's Always Sunny I ever disliked. I liked all of the cast from the start.
