I agree. Brady this year reminds me of Payton Manning in 2012 or 2013, playing at a crazy level, but I think in a couple years we'll start to see the decline more.
Marrone would be the best fit imo, he did ok in Buffalo and that was without a decent QB.
Smart move for this draft would be to trade down and take a WR or DB in the first, right?
One B1G championship? Yes, please!
If you just blow up the team for picks, you'd be in a better situation than us or the jags were in 2012 when we started rebuilding. It'll be a couple of years of pain before things pick up, but it not like the Browns are close to competing either way.
The Browns should hire Schwartz. He turned the Lions from a 0-16 laughingstock to a respectable team that even made the playoffs. He won't be the best coach, but he could be a good stepping stone for the Browns to start to show some signs of life.
He can't be so stupid as to record a snapchat of himself in Vegas and not expect it to come out... Can he?
The best was at the half when they asked what adjustments Chip would make and he said none.
Hire Spagnuolo please! He would be a really great fit for the giants.
ESPN Las Vegas does not lie
Can you imagine Djax and Maclin with Jordan Matthews in the slot in that offense?
I think Josh Ferguson should have a good performance and could get drafted somewhere in the 5-6 range. He played some great football at Illinois and could be a good third down back.
What's the answer then? Go full Browns and fire a coach every year or two? If you fire a coach after two years (one of which he made the playoffs) that job loses a ton of it's value and you get stuck picking up all the crappy coaches no one wants.
Vince Young, guy was really special in college and looked so good early on with the Titans. I thought he was gonna be a star.
He's not good, he's elite
Nobody but Al Davis would have taken him anywhere near that high though.
He'd be like this for the first three quarters then play well in the fourth
To be fair their is basically just Nuk
That makes more sense. I definitely agree.
I think that was Mallet this season
If he tore his ACL he definitley won't be back week one
I think Marrone or Schwartz or Mike Smith could be a good hire for a team like you guys who are just trying to become decent again, but teams that already have a QB and a good young core should look to getting a better than just ok coach.
I think it depends where he's taken, the first is way too early, and I think even a second is a little high. He's not a good fit for the offence PSU ran the past few years, but that doesn't give him an excuse to look as bad as he has at times.
Is the LA money really gonna be better? Everyone there is a Raiders fan, and nobody is gonna care about the chargers, especially now that the Rams are in LA too.
On the bright side, if Spanos wins the powerball, all your problems are solved.
Spanos will sell the Chargers and then the new owner will move to St. Louis.
The floor for OSU is three loses. And I doubt that'll even happen. I think they lose to Michigan and Wisconsin. Maybe PSU or Northwestern, but I doubt it.
If Florida gets QB they could be dangerous, but Tennessee should be the favorite for sure.
If RG3 would just not hold on to the ball forever, he wouldn't need an elite O-line
They've got a bunch of pro bowl players on their roster, and have a ton of young talent. You realize Al Davis is dead and not being stupid with the team, right?
Doc figuring everything out is a big if though.
How else you gonna beat the Pats?
I like what you guys are doing. Might as well go all out with the unconventional plans when you're in the hole you've dug yourself in. Plus Hue Jackson is an excellent hire.
It does sounds hella whiny from them, but that doesn't mean it's not true
Treadwell at four is really high
Little of the first, lot of the second
I think you guys would win, but if Brock was in and receivers could catch it could be close.
I'd like a mix between college and nfl OT. Whoever wins the coin flip gets the ball from the 50 and they have to go for 2 every time. If the other team doesn't match game over.
His throwing motion is gonna need to get quicker
Unless the Browns don't take a QB
He doesn't have quite the arm Joe Flacco has
30 point games are incredibly rare in college due to the fact that players generally have much lower minutes, so that's not quite as surprising as you might think.
You guys should have some more depth and with a strong running game and a QB better fit to your system you should be good. Plus OSU and MSU might not be as good next year.
Leonte Carroo is going to have a massive game, he might be the best WR in the whole draft
6th most interceptions of all time, I think he deserves it
Get a defense full of Clemson guys
I would not want to draft Lynch, unless we resign Bradford
Only if we signed Bradford to a one year deal or something. I don't like Bradford, but Lynch needs to time to develop. I'd rather wait to get a QB next year, I don't think anybody good for us will be at 13.
I'm not very familiar with the whole stadium situation. Instead of building a new stadium, why not just upgrade/renovate the O.Co? It'd cost a lot less, and Mark Davis wouldn't have to move (which I don't think he wants to)
That's so Oakland, love it!
