Well, that's a powerful car, it's over 900. I wouldn't expect anything less than shaking.
Most games and software that I use are not available on Linux.
In the first video that guy didn't even get into police car's lane. Stupid cop, can't drive.
You should chew your food better.
I feel indifferent. On one hand, stupid DRM sucks. On the other, more popular games are hacked quicker, allowing me to try them out.  Hacked games are almost always better than the legal versions.
Nah, Europeans hate smokers just as much as anyone else. It's banned in a lot of places, some countries banned smoking in parks and various popular public places.   I think Austria is the last one where you can smoke in restaurants. They usually have separate, well ventilated areas for smokers.
I never rinse rice. Stickiness depends on the brand  more than anything else.
&gt;  If you blink and miss the sign, you have no idea what kind of road you're on?  Well then pay attention and don't go *that* fast, then you won't miss signs.
There is, but there's no point in using it. Let's be honest, google already knows pretty much everything about us (Chrome, Gmail, Youtube, etc.), disabling "Anonymous location reporting" won't do much.  On the other hand, it benefits all other users. Google uses all that real-time data to determine where the traffic jams, road works and accidents are and suggests a faster route.
&gt; Except they don't.  #  &gt;If you turn on location history, then they track your location   These two statements of yours contradict each other. Sending anonymous usage data is on by default. I'm guessing that your travel speed and location are in that data.
Come on, old Hondas are sweet little cars, especially if you want to start working on cars as a hobby and need a cheap start. They're reliable and easy to fix.
Nah, they just use angle grinders and Dremel tools.
Oh, stop the bullshit. We don't need more women in the industry just for the hell of it, or to make sure that it's all "fair and even". We don't need more men either. We need photographers.   Hiring someone because of their gender and not because of their skills is sexism, even if you hire a woman.
&gt; But watching the three of them do something incredibly stupid makes me chuckle.  It's like one of those shows in the movie Idiocracy. Someone farts and you laugh.
Insanely fast, radar-invisible robots would be quite cool, right?
GTA V is such bullshit. They suddenly increased the price to 75 euros (used to be 60 when it came out on PC) and then made a "massive discount" down to 55 euros.
&gt; Up until 1990 USSR didn't have an official language.  Yea sure. Everyone just used English.
Still better than UAB Molesta.
Lithuania is quite okay with it, though. All those refugees will run to UK or Scandinavia as soon as they can, anyway.
It's expensive because it's gold. Crush it all you want, gold will still be gold.
Nope, it's a drain.
You have some good points, but I disagree that legalizing lane splitting will make lane splitters more cautious. It will just make bikers feel even higher above all other road users than they are now.   We don't have that many bikes here (it rains or snows for three quarters of the year) yet they themselves are the cause of most bike-related accidents. Usually due to speeding and ignoring normal, simple, old rules, such as no cutting off cars, obeying the traffic lights and similar stuff.
People get shot by police literally every day. Often for no reason at all. Often when running away. How many of them do you see on the news?
The best thing about these old movies is that this is definitely not CGI, they were actually falling into huge cakes and throwing pies into each other's face.
Things can be true, wrong, or somewhere in the middle.  If I told you that I have a million dollars in cash, would you believe me? No, you'd say "Prove it, because I don't believe you".   You're not saying that I definitely, absolutely don't have a million dollars, and it's not your task to prove that I don't have them. It would be my task to prove that I do.  Same with god. You can claim that it exists, but I don't believe you. Prove it, or I will remain in my state of disbelief.
These are so minor that I can't even.  Lots of real estate was returned. If a building couldn't be returned (say, there's a business in it, which has already invested a ton of money and evicting them wouldn't do any good) then the applicant is offered another property of equal value.   These cases have been going on since the independence and they will continue for many years, so it's not that.  As for exams, they are just looking for things to complain about. We have more foreign-language schools in Lithuania than any other country in the world, yet they still complain. Half of those schools are half-empty, yet the communities still protest against changing them into normal schools. They don't really want to assimilate, even if it would be beneficial for everyone in the long run.  You can't get a job in Lithuania if you don't speak the language. Of course, unless you live in one of those few small areas with Polish majority.   &gt; There were laws for protection of minorities and all.  Minorities no longer need protection. No one is discriminating them. One of the biggest debates right now is whether to let them use Polish letters in their names, in passports.
Literally hundreds of insanely smart people with millions of dollars at their disposal are working to make sure that the car goes as fast as possible. The car can't go very fast if the driver is really uncomfortable and loses all sense of his feet after 30 minutes.   So I'm guessing that it's actually quite comfy, even if a bit cramped in there.
&gt;&gt; You just said that Vilnius belongs to Poland.  &gt; Oh did I? Can you please provide a suitable quote?  Sure, it's right [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3almeo/lithuania_to_become_first_country_to_arm_ukraine/csdxuz0).   &gt;If anything the city has hardly been ever "Lithuanian" except in some ancient time when it was a castle. Similarly so were the lands around the city. You can easily find the maps and data on the internet. Baltic Lithuania was to the  north.  &gt;If people feel bitter about Vilnius it is because the city was Polish between the wars and then when it was taken over by Soviets  So Vilnius was never even part of Lithuania. Cool. You really have a lot of similarities to Putin, he thinks that the soviet occupation never happened.   &gt;&gt;because it was founded by Polish people  &gt;And to this too...  It's called sarcasm. I wouldn't expect you to understand it.   &gt;Poland was the first independent country to recognize independent Lithuania -   Oh cool, you continue making shit up.  First was Iceland, it's an important piece of our history, so even young schoolchildren know that. I'm surprised that you don't, because you talk like an expert of Lithuanian history and educational system.   Then it was Denmark, Slovenia, Russia, Croatia, Latvia, Norway, Hungary, Argentina and France. Only then, after all those countries (you decide if they're independent enough for you) on 25th of August 1991 those countries were joined by Bulgaria, Italy, Canada, Poland, Malta, Portugal, Romania, San Marino and Ukraine.  So yea, you're not all that helpful.   By the way, Polish occupation of Vilnius in 1920-1939 was an occupation. I know that you think differently and it's fine. You're a pathetic little nationalist who shouts a lot, yet fails to see the hypocrisy. Fix your own country before telling others to fix theirs.
Hot girls are hot, they look like someone to have wild fun with.  Cute girls, the ones you would want to marry.
Is English version really the most accurate? Picking on tiny details seems kind of silly.
&gt;Namely, there are people who have private experiences of God. Hearing God speak to you, feeling the presence of God, and so on  Human mind is a very fragile and imperfect thing. Hallucinations and weird thoughts appear often.  Personal experiences are absolutely meaningless. If god communicates with you in some way, then he's interacting with our physical world. One way or another, it can be measured or observed. Do it, post results, then we'll talk.
Well, they *are* black...
Because it's dangerous. Lanes on roads are for a reason.
&gt;  With words like "breeding"  I used words from *underthesign*'s comment. I'm sorry if that offends you. You can call me islamophobic if you want, I won't tell on you.   Islam in Europe brings nothing but pain and deaths.
That's exactly what Europe is trying to do. Unfortunately, many immigrants don't really like these "consumerist, indecent" Europeans who mock their holly religion.
Because they're preventing future profit.  Even if you donate these fancy chairs to some not-so-fancy home, this home will now have a chair. So they won't buy a new chair for a long time,  as they just got a brand new one. High quality, too.
Unless you're good looking and know how to talk to the ladies.
We should buy it. Get some money together and just buy it.   All the testing and science equipment could be thrown away, since it's probably useless anyway. Make a few cabins inside, a bar or something and then take people for a ride around some big lake.
She sounds like a bitch. They're doing her a service by hiring her. They're not obliged to do that. And now she's calling them names for "making her work more than she normally would." Well, bitch, don't take the job if you don't like it.  Also, she most definitely can afford a babysitter.
Well, it is way safer than any other reliable source of power that we have, soo...  Burning coal kills way more people than nuclear power, due to pollution and cancerous stuff in the smoke.
328i seems to be way higher class car than a Mondeo, I think.  Here a new Mondeo costs 22 000 euros, new BMW 114i (5 door version) costs 24 000. Not that much of a difference. It's even smaller with used cars.
&gt; Where does that put me?  A woman?   Liking football, cars, beer, short haircuts and no makeup doesn't make you non-binary pansexual cis-something. It just makes you a woman who likes whatever she likes. I don't see the point of those silly titles.
Nah, it's actually pretty cool.
&gt; Aha, skani. Bet tas skonis turi savo kaina.  O tai kokia ta kaina? Kenčiantys gyvūnai?  O jeigu gyvūnai yra auginami gryname ore, pamiškėje, toli nuo miesto ir automobilių, ganosi didelėje pievoje ir maitinasi laukiniais augalais, o ne sausu pašaru, tai jie irgi kenčia?  O kai ateina *ta* diena, tai bac su specialiu pneumatiniu aparatu į viršugalvį ir smegenys išsijungia greičiau, nei gyvūnas spėja pajausti skausmą.  Ta ėriena brangiau kainavo, bet užtai skonis....
&gt; Give them somewhere to sleep and eat.  That's precisely why they come to Western Europe, free food and free accommodation. They'll even get some money for free, if they're lucky.
...by occupying it. Yes, I'm sure that will work out great.
So you're equating purse-stealing gypsies to multi-billion dollar world-wide institutions?
You don't sound nice at all.  Also, running your own cnc lathe at home definitely doesn't cost $500 per hour.
You have to agree, buying a car that's internationally known as a douchemobile is a really bad decision.
I really don't like people who scream in such situations.
