Some people are just always gonna have a stick up their ass about Cena.  He's a super hero.  He gives hope.  Kevin Owens is almost a man because he doesn't believe in superheroes.  He doesn't believe in unconditional hope...which is what children do.     It's fairy tales vs reality.
No thanks.  Currently have that situation with the flyers.  Having guys who are past their prime and preventing new guys from getting playing time is a hindrance.  All time eagle.  Perfectly timed departure
If chambers ever figures out how to keep Philly guys from going to Cuse and go to State, PSU has a chance.  As it stands now, I don't think Penn State gets close unless they can get guys like the Morris bros
I find it a bit worrisome that eagles fans have to demonize someone and just can't accept that he left.  Bring on the downvotes.  Dude just wanted to get paid and went to the highest bidder.  He can still be one of the best eagles of all time and the guy who left for money
Is there any chance, that if he owned up to it, people would be like "aight"?
CRUEL, but good word use
I'm hoping so.  Only 2 weeks until draft
I don't feel bad for Tampa because of years of brig forced to watch that horrid trap.  If you sit on a lead, you're gonna have a bad time    On the other hand...fuck the Hawks.  I'm conflicted
Tell you what:  I'll give you kimmo in his prime if you don't score that short side goal on Leighton
Nope.  Never
Looks like a giant nug of weed, honestly
I honestly don't believe that the show writers ever gave Stannis a fair shot.  And to those who say that since Stannis killed Renly, he's not afraid to kill his kin:  Renly walked away from Stannis.  He was a threat and an enemy that was pleaded with.  He was not the heir to the throne.  Go away
It took everything to go the Cavs way (curry shooting like crap, team over performing) for the Cavs to win in OT.  I just don't see them doing it for 3 more games
Thought Cena was great on commentary.  That match was pretty damned good.  Think about it:  John Cena was asked to step aside while Neville and Owens fought it out
More like:  you beat me.  Congrats.  Your first match.  Stop acting like an entitled prick.  You're new here to the WWE.  And I'm gonna beat some experience into you
We think Embiid has the range...if the foot holds up we'll know next year
Don't see him falling to the Knicks.  Could mean that Hinkie has told Russell that we're going with him and no reason to try out
I SUPPORT THE DUBS BRO   ALL HAIL DRAY DRAY
I'll worry when the timeline is announced.
Dude...not to be a dick, but there's literally 20 point guard better than MCW in the NBA.  Getting that lakers pick for him was huge.  Dude's shot is forever broken.  Hell, Embiid's foot has a better chance of being fixed than MCW's shot
I just wouldn't put too much emphasis on losing MCW.  Without improved shooting ability, dude will struggle to start in the NBA
I really liked this match.  Both looked really good
I'm not really sold on Lavine.  Embiid's status is still uncertain.  Wolves are better right now, and it's not even close.  But if Embiid plays and ends the season healthy, it tips to the Sixers.  If Embiid doesn't play this year, Wolves are clearly better for the foreseeable picture until perhaps next year.  If the Lakers ends up picking 4-8 that's big for the Sixers.  Right now, Wolves are better.  Sixers are rolling the dice though and could be better by season's end
We may not be good on the court, but we will certainly look the best
They all look good, but that white one's the best
NOLA does look pretty sweet, not gonna lie
and Clips.  Even if Bennett won't be good, the Wolves still have the clear cut edge
See I think Towns will be much better than Russell.
Hopefully the 11-15 range
I thought Iggy was Lebron's father
Noel and Russell, hopefully
Nobody of consequence has wanted to play for Philadelphia for quite some time.  The tank is literally the only shot we have at winning a title in the next 10 years
I expect hinkie's blackberry to be charged up Thursday night.  Getting that 30th pick for David Lee seems like a no brainier
Honestly I think a top 5 pick and a mid range pick could get it done for Butler if Chicago couldn't resign him
As long as you guys suck next year, do whatever
I'll be impressed if David Lee isn't a Sixer by the end of the night
Trust me:  if it's between ESPN taking a shit on our plan or Magic not mentioning us, I'll take Magic not mentioning us
I'll be looking forward to it
if you're not happy with Okafor, I don't know what to tell you.  Dude legitimately presents 5 wins easy by himself.  Sixers have the potential to be a 30 win team this year
Embiid does provide spacing, but he wont be providing spacing for perhaps another year, if at all.  The Hinkie press conference didn't shed any light on the situation, which seems ominous
it takes a decent jump, but I think we're not looking at the immediate push that Okafor brings.  Next year he will be better than half the centers in the East on day 1.  He is going to push around guys like Olynyk, (whoever the Knicks have), Brooklyn's C and it's going to be a bloodbath.    the Sixers won 18-19 games last season after starting out the season 0-26?  that means they ended the season 18-38?  Let's experiment for a second and say that instead of being 0-26 they went something like 7-19, which is still horrible.  that makes them a 25 win team without Okafor.  30 wins is very attainable, barring injury
Right? It's more attainable than we think
Does it look bad?  Absolutely.  But I'd trade in a good reputation for a centerpiece to build around
Noel looks good.  Okafor I'm confident will look good.  Embiid is definitely a toss up.  I'll take a shitty reputation and Okafor/Noel/Embiid than a good reputation and Andrew Bynum/Evan Turner/Spencer Hawes   Be happy that the lottery balls bounced to your favor and you got a generational talent on your hands.  Davis is already a monster and he's not in his prime yet   But don't think for a second I wouldn't screw other organizations in the NBA over for a shot at another guy like him
I'll take being the most hated team in the league with assets over the most liked team in the league with no cornerstone.  The nba doesn't give out championships for being the most likable bunch.  The Pistons literally beat the shit out of people.  And everyone says that so and so has a poor reputation until they need us to absorb salary cap
Gotta be the best at something
"Shitting on the Sixers is so hot right now"
With average NBA guards this Sixer team is an 8th seed
That's a top 5 pick, a top 10 pick, a top 20 pick and Wroten?    Seems like really bad value for Philly, who still has holes to fill in in addition to Butler.  I think you go OKC and LA pick, but that's it
Most definitely.  He's young.  He's gonna learn
