Don't worry about Trump.  Worry about a bought-and-paid-for influence peddler like Hillary and her husband.
Not an excuse, but if he wasn't, he'd have been sweeping floors or pumping gas.  Fascist regimes don't reward people with insufficient enthusiasm.  Hell, Brett Farve caught some flack for not clapping hard enough over Caitlyn Jenner.
Shampoo itchy?  Good God, you've grabbed the bottle of Nair!
If you want to be one of the guys running things, you have to play ball no matter how loathsome the game.
No doubt.  At first I thought it was a joke with the punchline after the break.
Sure, that's part of the plan.  You either build up resistance to it, or you die like a candy-ass bitch.
Actors are loathe to be "typecast".  Plus, every actor has the "I Am Capable Of So Much More Than Just Playing That Guy " mindset.
Actually, that is the sign of an evil duck.
Does this mean Donald Trump isn't a racist now?
Yeah, so is Alzheimer's.  Alzheimer's is pretty bad too.
Why isn't there an old hag following her ringing a bell and saying "Shame!"?
We would essentially be living the life of a three-toed tree sloth.
"Time to stick it to The Man!"
Tree Sloth.  Don't be fooled by their cute little "Who, me?" bullshit.  They have those razor sharp talons for a reason.  Now imagine them swimming.  BTW, Kristen Bell is a paid spokesperson who is totally in bed with Big Sloth.
Frankly, I'd choose it just so I wouldn't have to be around the noise and stress of gen-pop prison.
Impotence Resignation Acceptance Helplessness
Porn stars that aren't all inked up.
I would really like to see some film/makeup tests with Bowie as Elrond.
The Seawolf is pretty cool, but I really like the old Russian Typhoons.
The Constitution is the rule book.  Yes, it can be changed over time, but if a law is deemed to be in violation of it today, the law is struck down.
Cranston would have been a terrific Inspector Gordon.
I always wondered what it would have been like if Elvis had been cast as Capt. Kirk in the Original Star Trek.
Because it's the farthest point away from the hot lava center of the Earth.
Hey, you could do worse...and often have.
Dang...she could wear those sunglasses for welding.
That's racist!
The lying sacks in the Media will blame Trump and his supporters of course.
Aw, that's nice.  Really.  No sarcasm or underlying snark.
I thought that said "how do black broads settle their dispute".
Ryan endorsement: Meh.  San Jose Riots:  Support Trump just to give them the middle finger. (IF people are shown the violent acts.)
The Papa Murphy's Cowboy Pizza.  Cook it until it's about 85% done and then turn on the broiler and watch it with the door open.  When the toppings are done the way you like it, immediately remove the pizza.  The top is well done and the crust will not be too crunchy.  If you don't like your pizza that way, then you are dead to me.
They aren't called noble due to any sainted behavior, they are named that because they are noble like royalty (nobility).  They are normally inert and don't work with anything.
Either get the RV running for summer or sell the damn thing.
This guy.  This guy gets it.
You're not special.
Manners.
Class never goes out of style.
Damn, they shut him down like a little bitch.
Hillary.  The Clinton Corporate Industrial Complex will not be denied.
But it looks so festive and colorful!
Like he said, the original films are almost always higher quality than the home media of the day.
So their kids don't have to attend the hell-hole schools that their parents have made.
Those numbers sound a little high.
I think we're all in Jeopardy.
Ya know what?  World War One sucked ass.
I was going to say "Planned Tax Write-Off".
Trump looks like a guy who actually enjoys his life.  Hillary looks like an atheist nun just waiting for any excuse to smack you with a ruler.
Trust me, there are plenty of bosses who have a stick permanently super-glued up their butts.
Good point.
No, Donald Trump and the NRA somehow did it.
