Yeah that was the first thing I thought of when I saw that video for the first time.  He pulls it off brilliantly.
How many times did you proof read that? =D
I didn't crack wise any more than you just did
You really don't think Bethesda would react any different if there was 0 pre-orders instead of 1 million pre-orders?  So much more would be at stake for release to get sales.
I read it as:  *"I eat me sugar cereal, but it makes my teeth bacterial"*  And I thought it sounded funnier with "me teeth", kinda like a pirate accent.  whatever
It's still funny, just the IKEA reference wasn't easy to get.  And I had even seen the original ad, just a long time ago.
I was gonna say on the 19th picture that someone damn well has to film some fantasy there, and then it said GoT did on the next picture.  good... everything is in order.
Yeah I stopped at 1 minute. There's no way I need to know more than that.
Stop watching at 1 minute.  There's no way you need to see more than that before the actual movie.
Pretty much exactly the image I get in my head when I listen to [Fields of Gold](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dnj1zshmTE0)
I think we've all had one of these when playing with the generator settings.  Is it starting area: none and a lot of water?
Image too tall imo  [Made a new one with better ratios](https://imgflip.com/i/mn7ta)
&gt; but he had just reached the top and unhooked himself.  To me it sounds like he just unhooked himself and randomly jumped off the rock and died or something
I fucking knew this witch hunt would target innocents. they always do.  reddit in a nutshell
I think it's actually like *half* a second longer than the gif. You get to see a little more of his reaction at least.
It should end in a weird room with bookcases on all surfaces
I thought it was hilarious whatever it meant :D
at 10% speed would be more appropriate imo.
I'm surprised Wind is so much ahead of solar. I thought solar had better potential for some reason.
It has a good "Ken M" feel to it.
Yeah there's got to be some Hall of Fame spot for this somewhere!  ... In hell I suppose?  Hell of Fa- ok I'll shut up now
&gt; walked home a couple of hundred miles across bombed out postwar Germany.  Can't imagine how that would feel like.  "Is there anything at all for me to return to?"
True. I guess it's just something to start talking before the real questions.  Maybe I've just seen too many interviews where the followup questions are equally boring, or the interviewer is very inexperienced, or the interviewee barely answers.  Basically I feel the chances of a post-game interview to be enjoyable to me are so low that I just don't care anymore.
Yeah once maybe, but didn't have much impact on the results /s
on PC I'd rather have gif due to Imagus (a HoverZoom-like extension) as long as OP also links the video.  On mobile I'd rather have video I think, cause the gif can often be too HD for my old galaxy s3.
Not really, but it's a change for the worse.
Anti-Mage looks like he has Mickey Mouse ears.
Yeah that's why I said it relies on people being truthful.
Oh yes Deadwood. pretty much the only hero I liked from the start.
My thoughts as well
They fucking ate the dog, didn't they?
A lot of them seem to be out of focus, at least partially (mostly the face).  Other than that it looks good!
I'm impressed he timed it after naga sleep before he blinked away. s4 godlike!
Yeah the rain on the puddles and the wetness on surfaces is a very noticable difference.
Probably my most favourite old school rock song.
I think this is just another one of the jokes tbh
&gt; It's what you say that matters  Don't you mean "It's what you *do* that matters"?
Can attack helicopters marry yet?  didn't think so.
with that shade of red, it's fucking worth it.
I bet her Starbucks cup says "Emily".
Ironically, this joke has been posted all year.
Couldn't agree more. Quad Kill was awesome too!
I can't fathom why you'd even write like that.
I think you just have claustrophobia dude
No you didn't.
You're not saying... that reddit just.. overreacted again, are you?
[The real deal is better anyways](https://youtu.be/Q6omsDyFNlk?t=3m17s)
So North Korea was on to something here.
&gt; En person bröt benet i samband med ett hopp från en balkong för att undkomma branden.  Brukar man inte säga att lägenheter är "Brandceller" och att det är bättre att stanna kvar inne tills brandkåren kommer ist för att hoppa eller gå ut i trapphuset och dö av rökgaser?
That was just annoying imo. Fruitless too; before you could finish the sentence they'd already passed through and before you know it comes the next clueless dude. I just stepped down and stood right on the line so they'd have to walk in to me to cross the line.
