The game looks good. Call of Duty is absolutely crippled by nostalgia to the point where no cod will ever live up to the first one you fully hit the grind on with your mates.  The game has changed and improved and experimented every year, some things have hit some have missed but nearly every COD has been good fun and im sure this one will be too. I'll definitely be playing it like i do every year and also alongside overwatch and CSGO.
but if you got gold after every match, a lot of people would have unlocked everything the game has on offer, there are already people that are level 100
so nerf the easiest champions to kill
Cal of Duty is absolutely crippled by the nostalgia factor. People always fondly remember the first cod game they grinded on with their mates and no matter how broken it was nothing can ever live up to it. Like go back and have a go on MW2 now, I wasn't mega keen on it when it was new but playing it now its absolutely awful.
I didn't think it was possible until I saw that the multiplayer reveal for Infinite Warfare won't be until September, this game desperately needs a beta to convince people that things will be ok and it looks like that may not happen
Of course you should wait, we've no idea what it'll actually be like yet we've just had speculations, and even if you still just want the normal PS4 waiting for a lil while after E3 would be smart as we'll probably get a price drop depending on the neo release date
Nothing says classic boots on the ground action like flying blimps and planes, fucking infinite warfare
Actually yeah I forgot about the Ult, that should at least be nerfed so that only she has it, and once you've killed a person when they respawn they don't glow red
Would 100% ditch it if It had ads
It really gets me down to see how bad this game is being handled by the devs and Activision, like even if people aren't into the jetpack thing AW and BO3 were good games in their own right and IW is just a big step backwards. I really hope Infinity Ward get dropped from the rotation now.  Treyarch listen to the community and try to push the series forwards with good maps, league play, cod caster, theatre mode, LAN lobbies etc. We haven't seen enough of Sledgehammer yet with them only having AW out but I feel like they're good developers. They were the first out of the gate with the jetpack thing, uplink is a great gamemode and they fully committed to the jetpack idea with their map design and it was good fun.
Damn that bodys so good its making me emotional
I feel like they told scump he was captain just to make him stfu. Crimsix is obviously the smarter player and is a lot more mature.   Every year we get a new COD and every year pros just rag on it, especially optic. Like hitch the irrelevant bitch just shits on every cod that isnt mw2 constantly.  What these kids need to realise is that a lot of their viewers are young teens who will parrot whatever they say in videos. And if they constantly shit talk the games then the devs will just stop listening to them. Seems like theres a reason that opTic didnt get invited to talk to the devs when clayster etc did.   Dont get me wrong IW is awful. But Activision are all about money. And as it stands youtubers and pros are chipping away at their profits by trying to drive people away from the game.
having a coach just gives them someone else to blame when they perform bad. It won't help their trash egos at all.
scump is a millionaire whos entire career is gaming gaming, if bad internet is his only issue it could have been sorted instantly. From past visions and interviews it seems like he's just a super immature team member, I honestly think they made him captain just to shut him up.
Dont worry, mercy players just follow the phara or other healer and ignore everyone else anyway.
Wouldn't suprise me if Hitch and Create get dropped, their stuff is good but its definitely not professional standard. Now they're more corporate they will bring in grown ups to do the work. Plus the COD guys basiccally refuse to be in any content so everything they make is forced af
Also wouldn't surprise me if Hitch fully bitched out and left because he didn't get a lead role and now has to answer to a boss.
The level of toxic dps in gold tier is actually worse than low silver/bronze its insane
Same, Sitting through that stupid news thing every time I turn the game on is just painful
looks really cool, kind of worried that all the extra animation will mean more lag though
I really think Dota needs its own mini series, its a complicated niche game so i think the story needs to be filled out more.
99% of the people you see roasting cod in the comment sections either haven't played the game since MW2 or they're battlefield fans roasting it because they're fucking weirdos
Unless you're playing as a premade team your win loss ratio isnt something to really worry about. You can't control who you're with and your team mates might be no thumb idiots
i love the demos, but the timed demos are stupid. Glad I had a chance to play the arms one cause it helped me decide to not buy it.
Nah. Reddit moaners are the minority. Most people have a good experience
things like tyranatar, jolteon, gyarados, dragonite, golum, machamp aggaron are all useful.  I think its better to have a solid bag full of pretty good pokemon rather than just a few really good ones, the battle system really isn't as deep as people try to say it is.
Meh, if there was another vote i'd switch over to leave simply because you can't just keep voting until you get the answer you want.
literally the only reason people still raid in my area is because of shiny hooh, if it was just latios/latias still no one would have raided for weeks.
Formal just has a bad vibe that brings himself and his team down. The second he starts to do bad during a game his mood switches and then its a one way trip to tilted towers.
in 99% of games, except pc exclusives like CSGO, kb+m is no better than controller unless you're a no thumb retard.   the main issue with cross play vs pc is that the pc gaming community is insanely toxic which we really don't want. They're also the first to start using hacks, mods, aimbots etc.
a beacon system like ingress has would be cool for meet ups/community days. But honestly people don't really bother using them because you have to pay for them.
unless you're a tradesman/taxi driver etc who rely on a car to transport tools or passengers, or you're disabled, there's literally no valid reason at all to have a car in London.
yeah that could work, but i dont think niantic will stick them in for free. What i'd really like to see is an item that gives you increased items from spins for 30 mins
communting into london from outside is just not worth it whether you drive or use trains, complete waste of time and life
Was really enjoying just catching the normal selection of pokemon today, kinda wish the events were spaced out
parks will never be better because they dont have as many spawn points
SO HYPED!!! Summit, jungle and firing range are 3 of my favourite ever maps!
OpTic should definitely partner up with Linus Tech Tips to kit the house out with NAS storage and stuff
dude its a game just ignore him lol. if he's black listed he cant actually do anything to ruin the game
Yeah cause catching nothing but useless aron for a week is much better lol
man you're deluded lmao
thats the kind of commitment i like to see! good wolf
lmao this. guy needs some fresh air
they're more likely to play BO2 I think cause its slightly futuristic and botg, but realistically they're just going to play fortnite 24/7
it will probably be one of their biggest hits, super popular franchise + rts + korea/china/japan = profits.
they might stick it in at the end of the event, it would drag peoples attention away from shiny hunting i guess
its not like pre-ordering costs anything, you just register for your copy you can just cancel if you don't want the game
Not suprising, by the way battle royale has played out so far their ideas would probably just get jacked by someone else. and all their unique selling points would be implemented in fortnite by the end of the week lol
buffs only make stuff viable if people can play the character lol, asking for a scholar was always a safer bet than taking a nooby astro
Would rather keep that nonsense to the main series game, I like that pogo is a more pure experience
