I absolutely love sniper games and enjoy using sniper rifles in regular shooters that have them. What's up with almost all of the VR shooters using zombies or robots as targets. Are they all afraid to make this too realistic? Hover Junkers showed us that we can be shooting other human targets and it's not automatically a tragic experience just because it's in VR. I'd love a bit more realism in this game. I'm not asking for Sniper Elite bullet cam with exploding organs but target variety besides robots and zombies would be appreciated.
I can't in any way believe they would change $200 for them... they HAVE to try to undercut the Vive I think. I'm calling it now, it'll be $149. Yes they won't be making much money on the two controllers + camera at that price but that's my guess.
Try Hover Junkers. I imagine you'll quickly change your mind.
Wonder how weird this is... I think I'd have more of a problem shooting a deer that's just peacefully drinking from a brook than an enemy soldier who is hunting for me and would shoot me if he sees me before I see him. Never been hunting but somehow I don't think I'd want to try it in VR either.
They're very different to me. Brookhaven is about carefully lined up head shots. Usually over 80% of my shots are head shots. I love that feeling. HordeZ is more just aiming in very general head direction and unloading tons of ammo. I prefer the shooting in Brookhaven by a long shot but enjoy HordeZ for silly arcadey feel here and there.
Yes, remove parts HC1 and HC3 but not HC2.
Who do you think put in this Matrix in the first place!
Well you don't know, perhaps you're programmed to win!
Well if they didn't do such a crappy job making movies you wouldn't be disappointed. Yes I'm looking at you Peter Jackson! How could you so royally mess up The Hobbit after a surprisingly good job with LoTR?!
Meh, I think if you're not a fan of space stuff in general, IE is neat but doesn't blow your mind in the same way the Turtle Encounter does in theBlu.
Well that and he just added way too much stuff that wasn't in the books. Not a fan.
Not at all, that one gives you the same exact patterns until you beat them, tried it a few times and don't care for it. I want to play the same game I played two days ago in both Survival and Time Trial modes. I'd love to revert back to prior version and then never receive updates for this game again.
I'll gladly jump on this if the price is right. I've been waiting for something very much along these lines. Visuals look great. Any word on when "Soom(tm" is? The trailer just says 2016 which is a rather broad range.
Tough question... I'm hoping $10-15...
That's pretty crazy for a VR-exclusive. Hopefully that bodes well for being able to find multiplayer opponents. The more money we make for the VR devs the more they'll be inclined to keep making VR games.   Jump on the pool bandwagon ladies and gentlemen! (That last phrase reminds me of being in Dota 2 TI3 audience when the announcer said "Welcome back ladies and gentlemen! Oh who am I kidding, welcome back gentlemen")
What will kill the industry faster than you can blink is if developers cannot at least break even making VR games. How hard is that to comprehend? If I lose money working on something, I ain't gonna keep doing it long term. They'll go back to making games with installed base in the millions. They HAVE TO charge more than your traditional flat games per hour of content simply due to teeny tiny installed base.  You can have games that cost $15... they're going to be similar to Holopoint, SPT, etc. Short quick repetitive games. Those are fun, I have plenty. If that's all you want then don't buy Starseed. If you want games with POLISH then support the only developer that's doing it now.
There's a great chance there won't be "all the episodes" if enough support isn't provided. This is the ONLY developer pushing the limits of what a polished VR game looks like besides Valve who is obviously in a category by itself.
Perhaps they should all move to Africa and develop games for you?
That sounds rather annoying
Would you recommend it if I am a giant mutated rodent? I do have ears!
What a bunch of nonsense. Does that mean that high quality things shouldn't exist? Should steakhouses where a MEAL cost $120 not be around? Should hotels that cost $200 or more per night not be around  because if you look at it solely from "hours spent" view then you can "spend the same 8 hour night" in a Motel 6 for $29?!?!  I am perfectly willing to spend $120 on four episodes of this game. It'll either cost what it costs to make or it won't exist. I MOST CERTAINLY would prefer high quality content exists and I'll pay what it costs to make. I hope there are enough people like me that will get VR to the mainstream at which point prices will come down. If not then it'll never get past tiny games.
Uhm that's three EXCELLENT Vive games. Fantastic I'd say, all 3 of those. I have no idea what your expectations are or what you consider a good game but your opinion immediately has been invalidated for me.
I get what you're saying. I think it's completely wrong. For VR to become mainstream prices have to come down, yes that's true. The only way they come down is if enough people buy. Early adopters pay more than mainstream buyers ALWAYS. Why this surprises you is the strange part.   As an early adopter you're paying premium on both hardware and software. You paid $800 for hardware that will eventually cost MUCH less. Why are you surprised that you need to pay premium for high quality product that will eventually cost less as well.
I'd say it's the best Vive game to get you moving which is a good first step in getting fitter. I'd suggest getting a leather VR cover if you tend to sweat much, Holopoint will make you do that a LOT.
it gets easier with practice especially when you realize the cubes are just shooting for your head and you don't need to move away all that much for them to pass by and not hit you. So it's a lot of small head movements with a step here and there. Once you get good at lining up shots it's not too hard to go wave 1 to 30.
It's remarkably close to the real thing. You're holding the controller so it feels like you've got the stick. Not putting your left hand on the table is the stranger part but somehow it clicks pretty easily too.
Sweet! It's awesome how responsive VR developers are... good luck getting a change through to a big studio. Great to hear I'll be able to enjoy the game again.
I think you have seriously misjudged this game. At least for me, time and time again, I see a VR game trailer on youtube and it looks "meh". When I try the same game in VR, it's a completely and totally different thing.  Yes, I enjoyed the Lab's archery game, it had a lot going for it. However... Holopoint is WAY WAY WAY better. Even if the Lab had 50 more levels, I would've taken Holopoint every time.  You risk absolutely nothing by trying it. Play it for less than 2 hours and if you don't love it, you make 5 clicks and automatically get your $8 back. Why not see if you're missing out on a GREAT experience? If anything, over 250 reviews with 96% positive rating should tell you something, no?  Anyway, the targets are cubes yes, just like Lab's targets are crude humanoid shapes. The holographic samurais, ninjas, bosses, crows in Holopoint are all at least as good if not better. With Lab's Longbow, you just stand there and shoot. With Holopoint, it becomes a dance of death as you have to shoot while dodging projectiles that cubes shoot at you when they break. When those samurais get to you, it's an amazing experience. But again, you risk nothing by trying it.
Yes, Lab's feedback is certainly better, I'd love to see that in Holopoint. Once you get to higher waves you won't have time to even notice as you'll be frantically shooting in all directions =)
Agreed. Predicting a very bright future for Stress Level Zero (Hover Junkers) and Cloudhead (The Gallery) studios.
If say if you plan on upgrading its definitely worth getting... If you're not then I'm not sure.
Great to hear! Can't wait to get a chance to try it out. Awesome to see Devs so quickly responding to feedback and make adjustments.
If you're not into multiplayer shooters then of course it's not a game for you. It's like asking someone who doesn't care about multiplayer shooters whether CS:GO is a good game... or asking someone who dislikes RPGs whether Witcher is good. For those that DO like multiplayer shooters, I can't recommend this game enough.
I think the number of people that don't own a Rift who'd pay for stuff on Oculus Home if they don't change their official position on Vive support is SO SUPER TINY that this topic is really quite useless.
I won't say you're a rebel but I'll voice the unpopular opinion (hello downvotes) that you and everyone who made the same choice is pretty directly supporting the concept of bringing console-style exclusivity to PC gaming. Not a fan...
It's all been discussed to death. If you don't want PC to have console-style exclusives, yes you should be upset. If Oculus wanted to limit the titles they funded to be only sold on their stores like they always implied, no problem there. Makes perfect sense, they want to recoup money for their investment. That's not what they're doing, they're treating these peripherals as separate from the PC and very artificially putting in limits on what can be played on them. It's just as disgusting as if Dell or Asus funded games that could only be played on their monitors. This has no business being on the PC.
Oh I agree, so far, it's no big deal... if they are successful in this, I think it'll be first step in a very slippery slope that leads to a very bad place for PC gaming. I want to know that I can play any PC game on my computer so long as my hardware is capable of running it. It's always has been the case in the past and I want that to continue. If there are 4 or 5 HMD manufacturers I think we'd all be better off if we can buy ONE HMD, not five.
Don't hold your breath... I wish it happened but I know it won't.
Yes I think Oculus funded some of the costs... aaaand if they decided to recoup them by locking the game to their STORE, almost nobody would've had a problem with it. They decided to artificially lock it to their HMD, not their store, that's precisely why so many of us aren't going to support either Oculus or devs that help them.
Well it's not just VAT... you do realize they have to pay different income tax rates depending on where you are as well yes?
What? Have you tried the Longbow in the Lab where the haptics make it truly feel like you're pulling a bowstring? Or sword and shield in Vanishing Realms where you can whack one against the other and it feels like you're really doing it? The haptics are as far from "just standard rumbling" as a Porsche and Toyota Corolla are both "just standard cars".
Haptics are extremely good. There are games that really make it feel like you're pulling a bowstring and the further you pull the harder the pull feels, it's stunning.
Negative, I only had a DK1.
No worries, friend, I disagree with just about everything you said as well. What do you say to a friendly duel? We set up a private 1-1 match and see whose methods prepares them better :) PM me if you accept.
Didn't watch the video... The lab has cuteness and better tension with haptics to me. Everything else - including the FAR FAR more important part which is gameplay is light years ahead in Holopoint IMHO. I played the Longbow exactly once. I beat it on first try and there was no desire to go back. The game provided no challenge. Holopoint is a great light cardio especially when you're past Wave 30 and you have to dodge, duck, rapid fire at moving targets as you're battling projectiles, samurais, ninjas, bosses, birds etc. The minor quibble about difference in shooting is nothing compared to difference in gameplay to me and though I love Valve, Longbow severely lacks challenge or replay value to me while Holopoint has both in spades.
Yeah at some point I intend to check it out but unless somehow the unlimited waves are SIGNIFICANTLY more difficult, I just don't see the point... Sure it's better than ending at five minutes and I might play it if there was no alternative but that's not the case. Holopoint makes me feel like a badass ninja slayer. The Lab makes me go "oh wow look, they really nailed the string tension, I can't wait to see what can happen when this is in real games"
Well I think for a lot of people the first thought is "if this is what they're putting as a tutorial meant to impress people, the rest probably looks much worse". The surprise that the rest of the content looks quite a bit better isn't worth blowing the first impression.
Hum VR games by and large have a super small price. Especially when the size of the target audience is considered they have an unbelievably small price.
Completely different game. I'm glad Longbow exists for free but this comment makes about as much sense as "Why would you buy Battlefield? Buy Quake Arena"
Just do a demo of the tutorial. As more things are added to the game, add them to the tutorial and when the game is finished, do a demo of that. The trailer for OOA didn't impress me but I tried it anyway but I could've walked away if there were a lot of other options there. Now there are quite a few more games out there and an easy way to get yourself some believers is to let them try the tutorial. That alone will sell a bunch of copies. Minecraft graphics scare quite a few folks off but its amazing how easy they are to get used to when you're in VR.
