If, many seasons from now, they kill The Night's King, and nobody tries to shotgun his horse, i'll be severely disappointed.
Can you imagine being the White Walkers though? Just full on living, forever, untouchable by the mortals, and then boom, the one thing that can fucking kill you turns up, and some human has made it his bitch and is riding it while it melts your asses.
A1) In your example, unless you're employing that researcher, they still don't have to give you shit. They don't have to even acknowledge the flaw exists, and if you attempt to prove it, we've seen in very recent news they can and will blacklist you from flying as a potential risk. So not only is it not comparable, it doesn't have the outcome you're expecting either.  2) The EULA is a legally binding document. This wasn't something they just shat out and threw onto the front page, it was crafted by legal professionals for the explicit purpose of covering their ass. And while the sale of digital GAMES and AUDIO. An account as part of an online-only experience remains the property of the games creators, because at no point do you actually own a license to hold a copy of the game, as you do with other digital media; you rent an account, or in the case of League, they let you use one for free as long as they're okay with you using one.   3) Game currency has no financial exchange value. In other words, once you own the currency, you have no right or ability to trade it back. The currency itself HAS a value, but only between yourself and Riot. in the same way that a coupon you have for x off at a restaurant is worth x, but in real terms the coupon is not classed as having a financial value.   I don't just write this shit without knowing what i'm talking about.
The other sword wasn't sharpened nor a full sized blade. It lacks additional weight and a cutting edge, which would focus the amount of pressure exerted on the blade into a smaller area.   I don't doubt that it wouldn't be cleft in twain immediately, however I don't feel the video in question accurately represents the probability of the sword breaking.
Yeah, it's kinda bugged me that this sort of gladiatorial combat wasn't espoused more in the series. Even if you're using slaves, which many Gladiators were (technically they sold themselves into a type of slavery to their combat master, at least initially) you don't waste the good merchandise. Why have a man die in a fight once, when he can fight another 20 times and still give a good show? Sure, some are fodder, but even the slaves can be more valuable alive than dead.
Yeah because what Riot really want to do is give Disney's legal team a collective orgasm.
Hang on, you go take a look at that splash art again, and look me in the eye, with a straight face, and tell me he doesn't look demonic.
Granted it was an extremely prolonged nudity scene but as a somewhat veteran actor, and gen her nudity scenes in 300, I wouldn't consider it totally unthinkable. I do agree though that the actual content of the scene could easily have put her off and that's fair enough id totally understand that. I don't think she owes the fans anything, but I also think it's a bit ridiculous to refuse to do a scene you would've done or dos do a few years ago because you've decided you're above that now. I'm not saying "this is clearly what she did" just that as a hypothetical itd be a bit hmmph
Nah they'll still be around next season.
I think you might have had a different monopoly to the rest of us. In the UK at least, the monopoly set was a very simple "get all 2/3 colours, stations whatever, and you will win X Prize" but there was always a specific ticket, e.g. Mayfair, that would only produce or distribute roughly the number of prizes there were. There was no subsequent draw unless something went wrong in a big way; if you had all red or all yellow properties you won that prize. End of.
Sorry, did you just accuse Riot of supporting segregation by keeping regions geographically separate to maximise player experience on their servers? You just played a race card I didn't even know existed right now. It's not like you're prohibited from forming an account on any other server.
Because it's going to be financially sound to fire the long term graphical development team and hire a bunch of short-term server engineers who in all likelihood don't want/need a temporary contract position if they're of a standard to get the repair done ASAP. And then get rid of them when they're done and have to hire a whole bunch of new artistic talent from a field that talks to each other a lot and have already seen a bunch of their colleagues fired for doing nothing wrong.  Great plan!
I'll judge you on the fact that you feel the need to go guns blazing about a simple point that a lot of those who complain to Lyte are not telling the full picture. Your attitude is the exact sort that gets people into trouble; I'm right and no amount of experience or expertise could possibly contradict that, and I should condescend anyone who disagrees with me.  Take a chill pill about this shit and maybe you'll keeps clean account and even enjoy the game more.
Pretty much. If you want to get involved in a competitive scene with established ethical guidelines and poaching restrictions, not the best idea to ignore them and assume that because you're not YET a member they'll ignore it and let you in.
Actually it's more akin to saying "If you want to move to America but we have solid evidence like previous convictions for something we consider a crime while you were in France, chances are we will stop You from moving to America." Which happens all the time. The only difference is that the 'evidence' in this case isn't something he did that is punishable where he is NOW, but that doesn't mean it isn't unacceptable where he wants to be.
Why would you not want Santa Bard with a beard like that!  Having said that I also want Oh TannenBraum so y'know...
She was picked at a time when she was a solid and useful pick both competitively and in standard play, but skin development takes 2-3 months. They can't just drop everything and half that time because design doesn't work that way. She was an understandable pick at the time she was chosen but when the season ends everyone just thinks about the last six weeks and decides that's what the meta has been all this time.
I actually really agree with this; pinks have a cap but there also visible and provide a TON of utility, and last forever. Blue trinket have a ton of utility, last forever and are visible. So I'd say the basic green wards generated by yellow/SS/jungle items should have a 3 minute timer, their basic invisibility, and have no cap. That seems more reasonable than the doublefuck we have now.
I would say his death is a direct consequence of Joffrey being a douche. If he had refused to change, he was going to die ANYWAY. He chose to admit guilt for something he didn't believe and compromise his beliefs to protect his family, and STILL died when he was meant to go to the Wall. If anything I'd say he showed character growth before being shortened.
Well, the only people he actually trusted in KL after Robert died were his own men and Littlefinger who his wife vouched for, and was what really fucked him over. I guess you can extend that to trusting his daughter, and Cersei to not risk her children's lives. He was certainly stubborn for a lot of his time, but I'd also say his changes, both after he was injured and after he was arrested make him more than one dimensional.
Dunno why everyone thinks it's more likely his body completely defies logic (speaking of which I pretty sure whichever way your head naturally faces is your front regardless) when a much simpler explanation is the character has a pronounced hunchback. Which, given his obsession with beauty would have an ironic twist to it.
Surely you just need to find something that isn't broken down like this upon consumption. Maybe milk? It enters a solution but is still milk and you can probably suck down milk fast enough to make more than 1lb sit in your stomach even with digestive enzymes breaking down some of it.
I never knew I needed this until now.
Except WoW is really just as bad at it as ESO. Especially nowadays. Sure the group content throws out pronouns for the whole group, but in all of the single player content you're still basically recognised as a single generic hero that everyone else also occupies; this is even more pronounced in MoP, Warlords and will be in Legion.  And there's a perfectly valid reason for it; nobody wants to complete a game where every quest is being treated as something any other sod could have done. If your quest givers all told you to do what they want or piss off because there'll be another hero along in a minute you'd get sick of it really fast.
I have to throw out that the idea behind the canvas bag is that the material itself is recyclable compared to the plastic used for disposable bags. They're not MEANT to hit the environment to cause that impact.
Cats are cats no matter how big, right down to the paw on the neck that says "fucking hold still you're still not clean yet!"
I don't know who made this but this just sounds both ridiculous and awesome. I must have it.
Pretty sure my brain loves sweetness too. As I love sweetness, even if I know it's low calorie, and I am my brain.  Disclaimer; I'm aware I am not the be all and end all of science. I merely feel it right to express my love of sucrose and all other deliciously sweet flavours that won't kill me.
Bitcoin is the best advertising currency of all time. Because it will never SOUND expensive.
And that's why I like cats. "If they actually cared about it." You aren't training a cat to do shit unless it wants to do it. Dogs think "get the ball! Get a treat!" Cats think "no. Give me a treat. GIVE. ME. A. TREAT. Excellent. You may leave human. For now."  I love cats because they're assholes. And they're not ashamed of it.
Ehh, she's GOOD. But I don't know how she would stand against Bumi. I'd say it's pretty close. She is technically gifted due to her extra sensitivity and that did let her discover metal bending, but Bumi had a lot of academic knowledge on bending too.
Sounds more like you've got some shitty spouses around you.
Aye but my point in this was that despite his obvious strength he's far from his physical peak. Can any of us really imagine the extent of his strength when he was even in his fifties or sixties?
This... is a very good point. I remember this myself, it seems a bit counterintuitive.
Personally I'd be happy to see a slight reduction on how long the stun is coupled with fan the hammer being less accurate. Unless he basically stands in me and guarantees all six hit, they should not kill me, and he shouldn't have time to reload and shoot again without the stun wearing off. Either fan needs a slight cooldown or a long reload time afterwards.
The great thing about mathematics is what you believe is irrelevant to the fact that it is true.
It's unlikely. Being honest here, that's a bug. Sure you could accuse people of exploiting it but there is also a legitimate reason to place them there as it totally closes off one path.
No, it CAN be proven. That's sort of the point. It exists, correctly, regardless of whether you believe in it.
A Knights Tale, when Will goes off on one about life as a peasant and how he and Jocelyn would have to live if he chose to run now. Always liked that scene.  Also, same film, the parts where Paul Bettany does Will's introductions like a promo announcer. They're witty and well presented, and I love the bit where he gets the whole crowd worked up and then just says to himself 'God im good.'  Actually, just most of that film. It has a couple of really good moments and deserves a watch.
Pretty much this. The Hound has the two things needed to beat Gregor; the sheer strength to stand toe-to-toe with him in a direct fight, and the martial ability to out-fight him. Nobody else in the kingdom really has both of these available to them. Like Bronn says in Season 2; he has to be lucky the whole time, the Mountain only has to be lucky once.
Adaptation of World War Z  The film was okay as a standalone zombie flick. But it's nothing even related to the book beyond the depiction of Israel closing its borders and a verbatim description of 'The Tenth Man'.  Having read the book, I would love a miniseries so much. A faux documentary would be amazing if done properly.
You don't think Phantom Panties, Panties Wars, or the Panties of the Sith sound better?   Maybe it's just too early for a star wars porno.
I love watching Sasuke in the UK, the commentary is fairly standard fare and gives you the gimmicks with big eye rolls. I wish more shit like Sasuke was done in the rest of the world. Big, annual competitions like this being televised are so entertaining. All we do is close half a city and go for a massive jog.
We are all uncontrollable animals to some extent. Can't help being who you are.
I appreciate a casually dressed woman. It screams self-confidence and no need for the approval or gratification of others. You chose to wear something that pleases you and optimises your comfort over something designed to appeal to others, many of whom you will never see or interact with again
Agreed never in public. But in private a guy's gotta scratch.
For a record, some of us do defy society. But it's never about trust as much as it is about personal perception. People are aware of how they've been taught others will think about them. So when men are made to feel like emotions make them weak, exposing them doesn't make them feel like they're opening up who they are, but are actively making themselves look weak to you.  The ex thing is probably an extension of that. Men are encouraged to disregard their feelings and start looking again almost immediately. Being unable to really express and talk about how they feel makes it harder to deal with those emotions.  Not all men are like this. Some genuinely feel less; maybe naturally, maybe it's a level of conditioning. Others don't subscribe to the male stereotype, or have friends who don't and it becomes more acceptable to open up.  As we have become a society where intellect has become a more valuable commodity in men than brute force, coupled with greater communication via the internet, those who would have previously been repressed by the herd are now better able to embrace or express their emotional side.
We don't all have a tub.  I honestly think it's just because baths aren't considered manly, but everyone likes that sort of warm, relaxing soak.
I think that removing these stats does greatly help to direct attention away from the KDR. But there's nothing really there to push attention onto the games objectives either.  One of the biggest complaints people seem to have is they find too many players hunting kills over playing the objectives, so we've removed the flaming but kept the mindset. I'd like to see Blizzard try and find a way to direct that attention more towards objective play. Maybe some sort of multiplier based on eliminations of targets on objective and time spent on objective, that rewards those who are spending their time either on the objective or killing enemies who are.
I consider it less like pretending it didn't happen,ore.lile pretending it was done properly. I personally just ignore how it went and take the scene from the books as applicable to both as they were meaning to mirror it.closely and just failed miserably.
