&gt; If you're going to call your game Fire Emblem, make it Fire Emblem.  I file this in the same section as "this game/series is dead". It's just a false statement(most of the time), and frankly, keeping the core gameplay and adding more "waifu simulator" stuff isn't a huge departure.
&gt; personality may have even come as an afterthought  Looking at her angry face, I doubt it.
Some really fantastic villains in this one but the Demon King is pretty meh, more of a plot device then a villain.
So are they just going to add the bat-cloak in with effects? If they are, it's probably not a bad idea.
&gt; You had games that were high on both production value and creativity.  You can find that in almost any era.  I say SNES to it's death at the hands of the N64. You got Genesis and some of it's basterd children as well as the beginning of the PS1.  Super Metroid, Super Mario World, Link to the Past, Chrono Trigger, Secret of Mana, Fire Emblem non english, Star Fox, Sonic, Shining Force, Golden Axe, Final Fantasy, Castlevania, Rayman, your various arcade games and their ports, your sports games like Super Tecmo Bowl and other classics like Megaman X.  No offense, but you can do a lot better with your list of games. Even if you only played PS2 you should have more on it just from that system.   Not to mention the amount of carbon copy fps's there are on those systems. There's some amazing games from that time but it was one of the worst times for over saturation of shitty games. So much of the PS2 library, for example, is drek, even though it's got major classics.   And the 80's weren't just neon lights and campiness...  And to each his own. I think there's a good argument for gen 6, but it's not going to be made focusing on only one of the consoles like so many are doing in this thread.
&gt; Now when innovation is still happening, and the medium is still evolving and changing.  And it hasn't been before?   I mean, none of the things you listed matter if the games suck, and while they don't for the most part, that's what really matters. Either way, I think the question is more like, "what time period had the best series of games?" rather then giving the present credit because it has every game ever made under it's belt.
That's just the angle you are seeing it at...  It's clearly shown as a strap in other pictures.   I mean, it just looks like a case of bad drawing to me, but it can't be that. It has to be IS and their super duper fan service right?
I really enjoyed that chapter. I like the idea of smaller but gimmicky chapters like New Mystery had in it's Gaidens.
Yes. FE4's soundtrack in particular.
Ehh, Pokemon is probably deeper then it's ever been, and Mario games certainly aren't dramatically easier.   Also, I think it's unfair to criticize the series' difficulty, particularly with Lunatic and whatnot. And I've seen nothing from If that leads me to believe it won't provide a challenge.  And there is nothing wrong with trying to make a game more accessible.
&gt; The issue arises when we strip FE of everything that makes it unique  Did that happen?   &gt; It's fine to a certain degree  On second thought, I suppose you are right. They could always just make the game easy as hell to make it more accessible. But I don't consider things like "my castle" to be attempts at more accessibility. Weapon Durability probably is, and adding things like difficulty settings and tutorial modes like Lyn's story makes it more accessible without specifically taking away which generally just makes the game better. And it's really easy for a long time player to forget just how difficult and intimidating this series can be, so I think some of this stuff was long called for.
I don't know why people even care.   It's a super easy mode so people can get some enjoyment even if they can't wrap their heads around the strategy aspect. Probably took them a morsel of dev time to make it.
I really liked shove, more so then rescue. Rescue is great, but I feel like it makes mounted/fliers too amazing.
Ena is cooler anyway.
The Demon King is probably the weakest main villain in the series.
I did read the post. He's basically there to make Lyon a better character.   I would say Manfloy is the most effective manipulator in the series, he actually does what he sets out to do.
The problem with the Demon King is that he's not important as a character. He's only important as an object, or a force. With him, we have the demons, we have the reason for the Sacred Stones. He could just be a silent monster that corrupts people and how much would be lose story line wise? The Demon King could have no lines, he could just corrupt Lyon, and the story could be exactly the same. The only difference would be Lyon's lines. He's not a bad villain, but he's not better then many of the other villains we've seen over the years.   On Manfloy, the DK fails miserably(maybe not so miserably, but he had a big advantage of surprise) in his goal to destroy the stones. Manfloy resurrects the dragon he worships while reviving the Lopt Empire. He makes a colossal mistake in leaving Julia alive, but his major goal was already achieved. Plus, I blame Lopto for getting pwned by Naga.
&gt; That's true of any character.  Not really, you couldn't get away with Lyon having no dialogue. You could actually not have the Demon King say anything and end up with virtually the same story. In a similar vein to the Darkstone and Hardin. My point here is to illustrate how unimportant he was an a speaking character. And it's hard for me to agree that he's the best villain, or one of them, because of his relative unimportance as a character and most importantly, his lack of screen time, backstory, shown goals, ect. Medues has similar issues but he get's significant backstory.   &gt; 4/5? Not bad.  Miserably was a strong word, but Manfloy did "win". He just contributed to fucking it all up in the end. Now, if you want to say the Demon King is a more compelling villain then Lopto/Loptyr/whatever, I think that's a better argument then for Manfloy. It's probably a good comparison too, with the possessing and all that.   I just think there's a long list of superior(as in more compelling) villains above him, maybe even in his own game.
&gt; She is being portrayed as strong and confident.  And she's shown this way in every single one of her games, except maybe Other M, the last Metroid game made, in which she received more character development then all the games in the series combined. She was never more human then in this game.   &gt; Now look at how she's portrayed in the Zero suit.  You mean [this?](http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://www.ssbwiki.com/images/thumb/b/bf/ZeroSuitSamusArtwork.png/180px-ZeroSuitSamusArtwork.png&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.ssbwiki.com/Zero_Suit_Samus&amp;h=312&amp;w=180&amp;tbnid=EWFuCM_gfwjOgM:&amp;zoom=1&amp;docid=VIuQ0hxLPXvkaM&amp;ei=Qv9wVdybLMScsAX1v4PwBA&amp;tbm=isch&amp;client=safari&amp;ved=0CCYQMygAMAA) Really doesn't look like it is what you mean.  Perhaps [this?](http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://cdn.wikimg.net/metroidwiki/images/f/f1/Zero_Suit_Samus_zm_Screenshot_2.png&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.metroidwiki.org/wiki/Zero_Suit&amp;h=160&amp;w=240&amp;tbnid=P8DwPxdvnUhE2M:&amp;zoom=1&amp;docid=X1Ngh09wwYmwLM&amp;ei=Qv9wVdybLMScsAX1v4PwBA&amp;tbm=isch&amp;client=safari&amp;ved=0CCcQMygBMAE) Can't be it.   It sounds more like you are talking about her portrayal in Smash Bros, [perhaps this specific pic where she's shown as if she's in mid jump?](http://www.smashbros.com/images/character/zerosuit_samus/main.png) She looks like she's pretty serious to me, but apparently that's just her pouting for sex appeal.    &gt; face is either vacant or pouty.  Is that a problem anyway? It's completely relevant to her most recent game. "But OH NOES, she's not smiling, must mean she's a sex object!".   And the whole thing is splitting hairs. Men and women are sex objects, and Samus is a fictional woman. So sure, she is a sex object.   I don't see what the issue is anyway, people seem to think that being sexual at all somehow belittles characters in fiction, particularly women. It makes them "weak", or just "sex objects". You wouldn't say the same thing about a women in real life, so why does this have any basis in fiction if it has no basis in reality? As for this case, it seems pretty absurd for you to base your opinion on the idea of whether or not she's smiling/ect. She's a strong character, and it shows in that portrayal, unless you want to think being sexual is somehow being weak.
What I found funny is that some people thought it was intentional.  Like, it's not IS's fault you have a dirty mind.
&gt; overseeing the largest collapse of the American economy since the Great Depression  I'm no fan of Bush, but the fact that he was president during this time was largely irrelevant. The President doesn't have that much control over the economy.   &gt; American stock market is booming...  Americans are engaging in trade, good job Obama, couldn't of done it without ya!  &gt; unemployment rates have dropped to pre-recession levels  Yes, believe it or not, economies don't burn and die, they come back from recessions.   &gt;  4 states with legalized marriage in 2008 and now have 37  The President doesn't control state policy...  &gt; Obama managed to avoid major armed international conflicts in Syria and Ukraine  Wow, and I thought the republicans were ridiculous.   We're going to give him credit for what? Not invading another country?   You do realize that the Obama administration wanted approval for airstrikes in Syria, and that Congress voted against it.... right? But good job Obama, way to not be the next Hitler.   I will give him credit for lifting the Cuba embargo and Iran, even though it's better late then never.  As for him being a hypocrite, look no further then his belief that he's the most transparent president in US history.
I guess. Doesn't make it false.
Well, my point is pretty much the same as "brought to you by honor^TM", so I figured I'd respond to this.
Honestly? Art design.
I avoided Lyn cause she's kinda irrelevant for most of the main game. I'd consider Eliwood to be the main lord of FE7.   I've never played Gaiden, but isn't Alm the main character?
Yep. And as important as Robin is to the main story, Chrom is really the main focus.   Either way, I think it's a copout to name the "make a character" ones, especially when being female or male is pretty insignificant to their story and dialogue. I wouldn't give Skyrim credit for having a strong female lead because you can make a female character.
I agree, I feel too often minimalism equates to lazy and unoriginal, but this is quite good.
Vaike's a boss. Haters gonna hate.
Sure, but she doesn't have a dead similar counterpart who is male.
Wait, you are telling me they are making characters similar to popular past characters? How absurd, FE's never done anything like that before.   In all seriousness, as long as the characters have enough to make them unique from their obvious inspirations I won't mind. I'd be lying if I told you I hated the Ogma clones and the like.
Yea, I would imagine it's for promotional reasons, the game's really made for the small screen, so it probably looks poor in regular quality on a large screen.
I don't dislike S supports. There's nothing about the simple concept of it that I don't like. But I think the sheer amount of support convo's hurt the overall quality of them in Awakening, which was largely because of the marriage system. It's got some great ones, but there's a good amount of mediocrity.   I could ramble on and not make a point, but honestly, I just want great supports. And they don't all need to be romantic.
You say that as if it matters.
That's not true at all. I see negative comments about awakening with relatively high up votes all the time.
I think FoW is a great mechanic, but there's no doubt some frustrating maps have used it. The HHM one being almost criminal.
The lord unless there is some major standout contributor that could dominate with it. That usually means a General or a Flier.
Because it's a cliché and a fun throwback to other cliché giant robots you see super humans fighting so often, particularly in old school comics.
There's literally no reason to not choose him if you are going to go back to Fire Emblem. I was hoping for Isaac, but Roy should of never lost his spot IMO.   Also, these look like the videos for the end of classic mode, I'd say they are 100% legit, it would take some dedicated photoshop/hacking to make it look that convincing.
I think getting rid of tariffs, or some of them anyway, is good policy.   Other then that, it doesn't look to great. And I find it absurd that so little of this is available to the public.
I think they will keep it, possibly for all it's international releases. It just would seem strange for them to change an english name, that's likely easy to pronounce in multiple languages. I don't think they would pick such a simple name if they didn't plan on keeping it. Especially for the US and parts of Europe. I think it's catchy too, kind of reminds me of the Wii. Surprisingly, it just works, for me anyway.   Edit: That didn't last long.
I'm curious about Kamui. I don't dislike Japanese names but well, Kamui just doesn't roll off the tongue.
Dragon Blood Roy is best Our Boy.
Good idea IMO. For example, I think Kirby has some great games, but I don't wanna drop regular pricing on a game that can be beaten in a few hours. Which unfortunately, I think the Kirby's Epic Yarn definitely was too short without enough extra features to redeem it.
Joke stopped being funny like 2 years ago mate.
FZero isn't that popular.
Yea, I said it wasn't that bad. That is criticism.  I'm just not signing the petition to declare Nintendo as literally hitler.
People say they are slapping the name on there but honestly it looks like the game was built from the ground up as a Metroid Prime game. The second I saw "Blast Ball" in NWC, I thought of Prime. The controls(how they move), the aesthetics and in particular, the HUD looks made me think Metroid Prime.   And you do realize that Blast Ball is not the whole game, right? Federation Force is apparently the main attraction, and it looks like an multiplayer Metroid game in a similar vein to Nintendo World.    If I had to guess, they wanted to make a multiplayer shooter from the Prime series that they could market to everyone like Splatoon. And this is what they came up with.
I thought the gameplay was really solid outside of the boss battles. Having to stop and reorient to shoot missiles was a pretty bad idea and it made some of these fights frustratingly difficult.
A lot of fantasy tropes are considered kid friendly, or at least it get's overlooked. Plus the ESRB doesn't play the game if I'm not mistaken.  For the US, I think violence is generally okay in that regard, blood and whatnot will get you a higher rating but there's a ton you can get away with. It's the sex that will give you the instant T or M, it's way more controversial.   I'm going to pull out a somewhat relevant quote from "Goldfinger", from it's commentary. The director is talking about how he has to get around the US and the UK's censorship policies.   &gt; "The American censor was absolutely constipated about sex,”  &gt; “The British censor couldn’t have cared less about that. They were panic-stricken about violence, [and] the American censor was totally indifferent to violence.”  I find that hilarious for some reason.
I don't think the story ever really focused on that. Lucina was a major character, but other then that the children were all less relevant to the story then their parents. It was a big mechanic, but the real story line comes in the main campaign which only featured one child without going into side chapters.
