True, but the hair makes no sense. White, sure, but light blue? Orochimaru did mess with Mitsuki's body (because of how he's able to stretch), but I don't think he would be bothered to alter a failed host's or his own genes just to produce that colour. So far, it seems hair color is always a trait from one of the parents since no one from the new generation seems to have any kind of mutations, except possibly for Mitsuki, of course, though IMO very unlikely.
She's from a movie, can a movie really be considered filler apart from the fact it's mostly never from manga? I mean... Boruto, The Last One...
I like to think that movies are semi-canon; true, but not really relevant. Then again, I was all up for Suigetsu x Orochimaru, but when you look at it, despite Kishi's kind-of meh-ness regarding the future Naruto and Boruto franchise, you have to take in account that every new generation's kid appearance and abilities were considered beforehand, and not really random. That being said, while Mitsuki's hair seems refreshing to the whole series and all, I don't think that's the only reason he was given that appearance. That's why I like to fantasize about questionably canon things to be actually canon.  But still, though, Suigetsu x Orochimaru all the way.
https://youtu.be/YgsbF2gW3Eo?t=51s  Serbian/Bosnian/Croatian is a lot worse. Like it's literally cringe.
Heim is voiced by Kaneki Ken's seiyuu, I think lol
I don't think Link ever talks lol
Wow, this is actually very plausible
The thing is, it's kind of disappointing to have it voiced by a seiyuu with such a small character list, also was hoping for it to be a little bit more ominous and a little less humorous. Honestly, to me it seems like there's way too much accent on "jester" and way too little on "psycho".
I fucking hate Nasus
I think thunderlords is better on both of them
These are all fake.
I think it'll come sooner. I think Jhin will be on the PBE in a week.
I don't think adding a 2s bind is a QoL change.
Rant how?    &gt;So, i've lost 5 games now and i've had one of you in all of those 5 games, you were all feeding on purpose, running into other lanes than you were supposed to be on and calling out our positions to the enemy... All on account of you not getting your desired lane in champion select...  Perhaps that.  Perhaps you should stop ranting and play the game. Also, it's obvious that you're not plat, I never said you were.  Yet anothr gReat meMe frenD
Thunderlords isn't strong, Precision is.
I'm pretty sure Super Galaxy Rumble is already voiced.
Hey bro why are you ranting
meanwhile zoom hacks are illegal...  But not if you have a monster rig and a ultra large monitor, nuh-uh.
When you look back at Kha'Zix, a superjungler in the past, what changed about him? His main source of damage was nerfed, his stealth gave less resistances, and recently, tiamat has been nerfed. His mechanics are exactly the same as they were, only numbers changed. So why not do the same to Rengar?    While you can't exactly strip rengar of his W resistances, what you can do is for an example, make his Q AD% scaling scale with trophies, instead of skill levels. What this does is delay his main source of damage, as well as give him some snowball mechanics in a sense he'd need to have 20 trophies to reach his current lvl 5 Q. It isn't much, but you don't want to completely gut a champion.  As for his bola strike, give it a larger cooldown. I don't understand why his CC is on a 10s cooldown, only to be 6s at 40% CDR.  And finally, as for his stealth, make it so that if he enters 175 range of someone his silhouette or something similar is visible - and by silhouette I mean a faint, ghostly Rengar which can't be targeted. I mean, come on, you'd feel a giant invisible kitty cat pass that close to you, right? That would probably give him more purpose in the sense of isolating a target more like Kha'Zix, I guess.  Or, you could maybe welcome another concept of changing his Ultimate. Perhaps if you changed it to "Rengar stealths for 3 seconds and gains the ability to leap to his target. If he enters a bush, he can reset his timer and grant an aditional 3 seconds of Stealth, up to 2 times."  And if Rengar has enough stacks, the Stealth time would just change to 4 seconds, originally granting up to 9 seconds of stealth, up to 12 seconds of stealth. While this is mainly a buff time wise, let's think about how hard it would be to pull off a chain ult stack; it would generally appear to be less than 9 or 12 seconds. The key thing to this change would be that Rengar would be hardly able to walk into your base and one-shot your ADC next to your Nexus, but it would not punish him in a sense of him punishing people who are off position in the jungle or between lanes.
Evelynn was pretty strong in the jungle when she received the W nerf, only thing is Runeglaive nerfs fucked her harder, and Nidalee, Elise and Ekko became more viable anyways.
Tits are just a fake ass!  http://i.imgur.com/ywZy1kY.png
Nah, knowing GypsyLord, he's going to be broken for a year, then he enter the shit tier, then after 3-4 patches, he'll get a buff totally unrelated to his weaknesses which will make him semi-balanced, but he'll remain a top pick.  If CertainlyT is Darth Vader of Rito, Gypsylord is Luke.
It probably has execution mechanics, maybe it's a lock-on skillshot, kinda like Lucian Q, too.
Jinx was shit tier for a while, before she and Tristana started dominating again. I think this was around 3 months before S4 worlds.  She's starting to gain more popularity recently, but Corki/Lucian/Ez/Tristana just destroy her. Ult nerfs hurt her a lot.  Vi was shit tier after Ult CD nerfs, still is pretty crap as a jungler now.  Gnar became utter crap after Q and Mega form nerfs/bug fixes, starting to rise just a bit, but the meta is currently double AP anyways.  Ekko was released BROKEN, then made into a tank jungler, and now he's really meh. He's 2nd tier at best, and is only "good" because of his very recent and overloaded kit.
Instead of reverting, it would be cool if there were soloq, mutiq and ranked 5s. Soloq is ONLY 1 players, MultiQ is 2-4, Ranked 5s are 5 players.
Skarner is neither shit nor broken.
Riot considers that when you make a bad change, it's better to make another one  than to revert it. I don't know why you're trying to convice me or anyone else otherwise when my opinion is shared with Riot (common sense), and it's most likely all the others have their unchangeable opinion as well. You should go present your arguments to Riot because this way you're changing absolutely nothing.
It is, but IMO 1 shot can be blocked especially by someone like Fiora, Jax, Pantheon, and it's outscaled later by every other AS Crit item. It's good for snowballing, but not for anything else.
ER-IE-Runaan, but other than that, yeah. I feel like Runaan is his core AS item just because PD is not that strong currently. If PD gets more buffs or Runaan gets nerfs, PD will be better. For absolute late game, though, you can switch out Runaans for PD, however, I don't think it's worth it for the passive and 5% AS.
I think that it's good if you don't have engage champs, otherwise I don't think it's necessary because of his range on abilities and general lack of mobility.
You don't get BT nor Deaths Dance because you lose out on AD... You are reliant on spells, but you do need Crit and AS for your AD to get huge. IMO Deaths Dance is barely viable on MF as a last item, and BT is maybe viable on Jhin as a last item.  The bottom line is you lose much more by not building Crit Chance or AS that it's not worth going for something else, and that goes even as far as to knock Last Whisper items out of the game.    I generally think that sustain is not something you're looking for on Jhin, unless it comes with raw power. Maybe the new Warlord's could be good on him, since 25% 1400 is a lot.
This works if you're snowballing.  I generally like Runaan more because you're able to do more damage when fighting or clearing. You have 4 shots, so having 8 more in total helps, especially when you have 100% Crit later on. Your build doesn't have 100% crit unless you buy a second AS Crit item as a fifth.
I think you should get both, but I think getting Runaans earlier is better. That's why I generally don't like the idea of RFC or Shiv, because it means scraping one of them.  Also, they make up the top 2 AS Crit items stat wise, so it's only natural you'd aim for more power as well.
Honestly, the only reason I would get boots second is because   a) Greaves have great cost efficiency either way, and they grant AS equal to RFC   b) Lucidity cost 800g and give you 45MS on your measly 325MS  As always, builds are flexible and not set in stone, but the numbers speak more than any of my words could, all the efficiencies are there. I'm just worried that Berserkers having only have 1 stat which is completely disregarded on Jhin besides his passive is kind of a letdown stat wise, especially on low amounts of AD.
That's just 1250g you don't have to finish right away, honestly, but yeah, with his mobility it's definitely true. Only thing is, games usually snowball in a way he's either crushed as a free kill, or he just terminates anything that comes in range. Depends on your team, I guess.
Well, you need 2 AS Crit items to reach 100% Crit, everything else is AD and Crit, except 1 item besides boots which doesn't have something that enlarges his AD. I don't think forcing something like a BotRK just to get the 10% AD would be worth given how nerfed it's become this season.
Youumus grants 40% MS with it's passive, which grants 10% Total AD modifier. You'd need to have 100 AD (so basically, lvl 1 with Youmuus) to have more AD than BT.  I think you'd get BT purely for sustain, rather than raw power. And if you wouldn't get Youmuu, Maw seems tempting if you're having trouble with Magic Damage and want Penetration, too. BT would probably be good against poke or skirmish comps, but it's questionable whether the sustain on your slow autos would be enough to keep you alive more than the AD would be enough to kill your enemies.
I agree that his early is AA reliant because of the shit damage his spells do (except for stacked Q or E which takes a lot to activate) and that his late game is more spell focused since he can't get in range as easily (he's glass cannon lol), but I don't agree that you'd get utility AD over Crit AD unless you're forced to. Jhin scales super hard into the late game and I think more than one utility AD item will harm him as he won't have 100% Crit. This is however solved if you sell boots, but that super late game, and it's questionable whether you'll be able to enter that stage of the game a lot.  The reason why I don't like Critless AD items is because any Crit AD item is always going to give Jhin more AD than Mercurial, DD or BT.
IMO Gunblade is just a lamer version of Death's Dance. You're sacrificing too much to get AP which you use on 1 skill. Also, it's fairly expensive. If you need survavability BT&gt;Maw&gt;DD IMO. I wouldn't ever get Shiv because of his lower Crit, therefore, lower efficiency. Ačsp, no point getting over 100% Crit Chance.  100% Crit isn't only because of AA's, it's also because of damage. The 30% Crit you said you could avoid is 12% Total AD, which amounts to roughly 36AD (considering you'd have around 300AD without multipliers lategame), and that's only from the Crit portion of an item, let alone the AS portion.  IMO if you want to go AP, I'd go a full AP build, rather than hybrid. Something like Lich Bane, Ludens, Nashors, Rabadon. Too cheesy to go into detail for me, though.
It's good for cheesing when ahead, justl ike RFC on Rengar, basically. I think it's not that good against people who are smart. It's powerful as a zone control mean, but then again, what's an RFC auto against a jungler coming to have some fun?
Double IE is a waste of stats IMO, your build isn't 40% CDR and has 90% Crit Chance- it has 746 AD, which is indeed more, but it also lacks Runaan passive (not mandatory for late game tbh), it has a bit less MS, 10% less Crit Chance (not VERY important, but still, kind of a shame because your MS on hit isn't guaranteed), but it has the sustain. Overall, while I don't think your build is optimal, I think it's a good tradeoff for a single target sustain Jhin, even though I'd appreciate a bit more utility over pure damage.  All that matters is that the build suits you - it's not really for me since it's a bit more expensive and trades off a few stats just for 50 AD.
Good stats along with a passive. Runaan is already stat efficient without it's passive, and the passive increases Jhin's AA damage by quite a lot when clearing waves and reduces the mana he'd use for clear so he can use it for a fight.
You don't buy Runaan's for the multi hit on enemies, but rather for minions. I think it just has better mid game stats and passive than PD, which is why I'd buy it second.
If you're running sustain you will either have to  a) Skip IE or build it first but skip ER, while building only Zeal from the AS Crit item  b) Skip the first AS Crit item and replace it with sustain  c) Build it as a final item, after 2 Crit and 2 AS Crit items   To have the maximum efficiency with his passive, Jhin in general cannot build Sustain wtihout sacrificing his passive scaling. Even then, his sustain isn't that great due to all AoE skills and slow, limited AAs. However, if you have trouble sustaining early, maybe Grasp of the Undying would help you for starters.
Flat 15 AD is the best at every stage of the game based on my calculations
It's better than PD early-mid game, gives him more waveclear for less mana, later on if you decide to build BT his sustain isn't awful because of the bolts. Runaan is just a very good item you can buy for very little money. Jack of all trades so to say.
I was expecting a spaghetti Q
Probably Imp
Interesting how rioters are forcing Vel'Koz into the update, but ignoring the reason why he isn't played - unreliability and lack of mobility.  I'm pretty sure that if they gave him better scaling, he would be played a lot more. He's basically sacrificing his mobility (mid-late game) for his early-earlymid game, but his low scaling already doubles the sacrifice. Low damage with low mobility late game is just too much.
Usually when low elo says noob champ, they refer to champions that are strong due to their kit, not the way they're played, and more than often, such champions lack skillshots / complex mechanics.  I just foind it funny that someone who played an entirely point and click champion  was salty over me blowing him up with a mostly skillshot champion of the same squishiness
