Pretty sure the cat swagaxe is a reference to Cheshire cat.  Drills, machine sounds, combinations, similarities in armour. Seems a lot like a reference of some sort.
I believe it can swing both way.  If both parties are too drunk to make much sense or have total control, whats to stop the male from feeling like they're trapped/have to go along with it?  They could both be in the same situation and not want to do it but lack communication and both end up potentially feeling raped.
While I agree that these posts are annoying and do belong elsewhere.  I think that there needs to be more awareness raised for MHClan so people actually go there more and use it.
Its a shame this hadn't gotten more attention, I suppose thats why its linked from elsewhere ;)  But I liked it, general acceptance of the inevitable.  One criticism I'd have is that if he had found absolutely nothing in space, what was on the space station and why didn't he think anything of it? (Or she)
I have been seeing reddit links on google recently that say they are/lead to reddit but it is some kind of business with ads and other such. Not so many pop-ups though.   I think some links are being hijacked.
Fair enough, they don't know what happened and frankly they wouldn't worry too much about what it is seeing as they're drifting.  I like the nameless/genderless diary like writing, you can imagine it being yourself.
Yes, my partbreaker set is stupidly fast at breaking anything breakable.  Apart from Chameleon tails, but that thing is a bastard to hit.
Well fuk, it makes my time with the Djinn fire SnS line even more impressive. Caravan though so weaker anyway.
Aren't masterrace subs satirical subs though =P  You must be a filthy casual on MH if you have that much time to spend on DOTA!
Ahh another C. Gore user, but you're getting downvoted :(#  I think as long as we can avoid elemental attacks we'll be A-OK. Sadly my awaken is wasted most of the time, especially when I actually need the minds eye for my IG so I can continue a combo and just use mind's eye for that one part that bounces me and makes me reset.
Ahhh that last sentence made it all make sense to me. I've been wanting to make a Chameleos set for status crit but going by this it would be pretty pointless to have, status up would be betetr, especially seeing as I've been using Crit + 3 (plus other skills) on my Rath Soul Z set since G1.
Oh her, I actually like the rediculously mockney accent on her songs  I think its more of a gimmick than an "icon status" though
I have never seen as much HAES dribbel as comes from the US.  We don't provide scooters for people to drive around in shops and we don't show off "models" such as Tess all over the place.  There are fat people in british media and tv and some comedians even make fun of themselves for being fat and unhealthy
I'd say so yes.  If you were to flash and escape it would prevent the enemy getting the kill gold.  If you flash to execute you still prevent the enemy getting kill gold.
I think the point is just that it is overly rude to someone who is obviously asking a question about something else..
I hate shit that you can dodge/miss/flash away from, and then it makes it go on 0 CD so it can be used again. Well WTF was the point in me avoiding it in the first place if its just back off CD instantly?
He doesn't sound native speaking at all.  Its also polite to answer a question someone asks, that's mainly my problem here. But no doubt she did answer the question, just after this video gets cut off.
Yep, the force is in everything.  I just rewatched episode 5 and Yoda talks about how the dark side is easier and more seductive, it comes from anger, hate, fear.  Whereas the light side is maybe a bit harder but nicer, from love, hope, straightforward-ness, calm, focus.   The force is in everything and anyone can use it, its just the jedi who take the time to study it, feel it and use it.  ^^^^ (ignore episode 1 midichlorian bullshit, no one cares what midichlorians are or what they do. They aren't the force, the force is)
I hate this so much. Whenever you miss a skillshot or lose an all in.  "Level 5????"  So toxic, yet no sandbox because that will make people more toxic...
Hm true, I agree that I was wrong and that he didn't say it flows through. But then a rock and a ship are the same thing to the force, I think thats more that there is force in and around everything.  I didn't see the edit before posting but yes that's what I meant :)
Yep, he's playing to his audience. His audience is a bunch of retards in this case but its all for the show. (I hope)
The Ricky Gervais quip. Something like "If I told you I used to do heroin but now I'm 3 years clean, loads of cheers. But if I said I've never done heroin once. Nothing".  [Found the Video if anyone cares](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-Qep5Dc3IE)
Maybe because of all the leaks, they just wanted to release it officially before everything got slowly leaked and ruined.
He got made proper surgeon-like. Which is very good in terms of skin, theres just not as much bad-assery to happen on it sadly.
They can stack the MS? I didn't know that! I thought when I got 2 procs it was just 2x procs of damage. 1x proc of speed.
Too soon? Nah the queen can't die soon enough
If you can't fill. Don't select fill.
Yea I don't get the issue of matching like for like. It obviously comes around at higher elo where there are less players overall but in lower elo, limiting teams to being Vs teams which have the same number of premades is just sensible.
The problem with Teams is a limited number of members, names and organisation to be done, have to climb for separate teams.  If Dynamic gave you a different rank maybe? Dynamic rank which works the same as SoloQ/DuoQ but separates the huge parties. This would need more server space, storage for more ladders, and cause a mess in ranking. And teams are an established method for a set amount of people to play as a name and have a team rank.  not sure what I'm trying to say but I like dynamic queue, I also with there was a way to play with more that Duo on Ranked queues on summoners rift, not only TT for 3 ranked people.
This is what I think should happen.  Solo/Duo Rank and Dynamic Rank.  The problem being this will probably take up double the amount of server use that current ladder stats take up. Which is probably not going to happen.
Thats what I always hated about the "Carry your team so you climb" *theory*  A Challenger player can climb from bronze to challenger because they are Challenger and vastly outweigh the abilities of bronze.  But Silver/Gold player would have a lot more trouble climbing out of Bronze as they are not That much better. Its a much steeper hill for the average player to climb than the top percentage player.
So much hate for op wtf happened here?  SUre he's an idiot with this duck but pure stfu coming from the votes
I think the issue is assuming everyone who doesn't floss has smelly breath, which is not true. Especially seeing as most bad breath comes from the tongue. Plaque is rotten food but the small amount in between your teeth wouldn't really effect your breath that much.  So really you're just telling everyone they have bad breath, and they have no friends. I suspect thats why the downvotes really.
Punishing the troll is the main issue. If you let them have their way, they'll do it again. Play the game, ruin it for the troll and report them after so you can further punish them.
No dude, the guy who didn't give into the terrorist ruined it for everyone ^^/s
In a land of the blind, the one eyed man is king.
Tracking :O This is exciting, I'm looking forward to seeing what is done with it. Its sad that Masteries aren't that big of a thing or a site like this would be hugely popular.
I would like this more than only unlocking 6/7 via champ shards.  However, riot have said that potentially, only S ratings would give champ shards which makes sense, but you couldn't combine these two things.
It doesn't matter about resolution of a monitor, its the resolution of the image.  If you have low resolution you can zoom in to get the full resolution of the image in a small area
I agree, the only reason this is what the fuck is that someone thinks this is what the fuck.
Time to Xin Jungle or top or mid or support or adc.  Anywhere really, buffed Xin gonna be broked.
Always happens. This, to me, is the laziest of lazy.  They literally already have all of the videos and descriptions made as they use them in the champion reveal. I don't see why it takes so long to add in.
I agree, even though I probably wont use it, I bet it would be useful for reference during theory crafting or any conversations.  I would suggest some kind of big list where you keep all tldr path notes of this format?
Omg this is a trick! You would have to have a split dick to have sex with both girls at the same time!  So if the dick splitting is happening anyway, may as well get some sex out of it.
Holy shit seeing someone use a mechanic of another hero actually in a game and using understanding.  Wp man, I wish more people came to the edge :(
The minimum requirements are Intel HD Graphics 4400. Thats really impressive imo for this game.
I agree, sadly this was one of Kurzgesagt's less interesting videos. What makes you, you is more of a philosophical question which CGP got to approach. Kurzgesagt just kind of talked about cells which in my opinion, isn't really what you are, as he said, every cell is replaced by 7 years or whatever it was, so its a whole new you but you're the same.  The brain makes you, as it is the personality and everything included. If the cells change but the signals stay the same, you're still you. Game Theory actually kinda talked about this better in the how to kill deadpool/wolverine video.
I make sure to play everything. The best way to know the enemy is become them..?  Symetra looked horrible at first, same with Zarya but once you learn the mechanics. MM, pretty fuckin strong heroes.  Shoot pink bubbles? Not the symetra shots lol?
If they bring the brain back from being technically brain-dead, then imo they are bringing the dead back to life.  Can't you keep bodies on life support almost indefinitely until they age so far and degrade? The brain degrading does the most damage but bringing that back would mean bringing them back.  However, if the body is too dead to sustain the brain, then you're brining them back into permanent life support.  I've got to admit I'm just saying words that fit togetehr, I have no diea how dead/alive works properly seeing as life support is so life-supporty.
Really? Someone else mentioned online too so maybe it's more common there
