plus months of smoking old, stale tobacco. YUM!
Actually, the wording of the poll lead to an extremely biased response. So, yes, the poll is wrong.  &gt; Toronto City Council is debating the future of the Gardiner east of Jarvis; two options are receiving the most consideration. One plan is to remove the Gardiner east of Jarvis and replace it with a boulevard. Supporters say this is the cheapest option and allows for better development of Toronto’s waterfront. Critics say tearing down the Gardiner will add to commuting times. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to remove the Gardiner?  Notice the biased language? "Supporters" vs "Critics". "Remove" vs "tearing". "Approve" vs "Disapprove". "Better development" vs "add to commuting times".  If you were to flip around the language, you would probably get a very different result.  &gt; One plan is to leave the Gardiner up and rejuvenate it. Supporters say this is the best option to keep traffic flowing. Critics say tearing it down and replacing it with a more congested boulevard might improve the waterfront. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to rejuvenate the Gardiner?
How much will it cost to move? Maybe instead of looking for a charitable moving company, you could accept donations to pay for it to be moved.
At that point, I think it would be easier just to make a monthly run to the U.S. or a native reserve.
I have home delivery, and the majority of the time, it's junk mail. I like the idea of a secure central mailbox for things like cheques and small parcels I still receive occasionally.
There seems to be lots of money to build prison facilities to house and care for non-violent criminals, but barely anything is available to house and care for adults who genuinely need help. Very sad.
There's a difference between an alcoholic and someone who has a couple drinks with friends.
I find the wording of the second question still slightly biased.
I find the wording of the second question to be slightly biased towards removal as well, with mention of the $450mil price tag.
I'm not disagreeing with the $500m price tag. My issue is the downplaying of the traffic impact it will have. Everyone keeps saying "Oh, it will only add a couple of minutes to transit time." Well, that couple of minutes will add up over time. Traffic will be stalled downtown while spewing exhaust.
The first question downplays the additional commuting time, while the second question is very specific about the added cost.
&gt; "Since the 1950s, Canadians have had a very high awareness of the health risks of smoking. That awareness has been reinforced by the health warnings printed on every legal cigarette package for more than 40 years."  Exactly! You know who is to blame for the majority of smokers today? Parents. Parents who smoke, and parents who don't crack down on their kids who do smoke.
Just remember people. Non-straight people fighting for their rights are just trying to push a gay agenda!
Good on the bus driver. Teach the kid a lesson.
Yup, she's fat. Hardly the appropriate person for the position of Health minister.
Epilepsy is a genetic disease, which people have zero control over.  Being fat is NOT a genetic disease. It's a lifestyle, lack of control, bad judgment/decision disease.  I wouldn't want someone who has filed multiple bankruptcies to be finance minister either.
It's scary how many people don't understand this. Some people honestly think they will gain weight no matter how little they eat.
&gt; We have no idea why she is overweight.  Yes we do. She consumes more calories than her body burns, leading to excess food energy being stored as body fat. Science!  &gt; And for those who says overweight people cant be health minister, right from the article "Since when has appearance had anything to do with legitimacy in terms of your intelligence and ability to be a legislator?"  It isn't about appearance. It's about her ability to make important decisions on health related issues, which she obviously has problems doing in her own life.
This is a myth. It's a very prevalent myth. People have that assumption which is completely unfounded. Unfortunately trying to dispel the myth is almost impossible.
Her ability to understand and make decisions on health issues is relevant.  I would have the same doubts about a Minister of Finance who has gone through multiple bankruptcies or failed business ventures. I would have the same doubts with a Minister of Education who flunked out of school.
Oh, how I wish that were true...  http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/creationism-and-stockwell-day/article771010/
You are correct in that the people responsible for the procurement and RFPs are misinformed, and unfortunately you often have zero choice but to live with their ignorance.
Holy hipster workout Batman!  "Think of it as a customized workout for your body in a very rugged and raw atmosphere."  Translation: We can't afford change rooms and fitness equipment.
Bad sushi is overrated. Most of the sushi in this city is overrated generic crap. Very few quality establishments.
Duh! Because they weren't losing when the game began! As soon as they realized they were losing to a team with GIRLS, suddenly ISLAM!!!
&gt; not more monuments to fossil fuel that will hopefully be obsolete in my lifetime  Not a chance. Gasoline and oil is just too useful. As long as there is oil in the ground, we will be using it.
So.....the girl is 24 years old, working part time at a library, and holding out for a full time job?  WTF? Get off your ass, upgrade your education, hit the pavement, call people, network with people, spit out resumes. There are jobs out there for people who aren't lazy.
Unfortunately some manager probably made the decision because the licence would have been too expensive, and hurt his profit margin.
That boulevard is going to be bumper to bumper grid lock. All the pretty pictures of a serene, beautiful, tree lined boulevard are missing all the cars that will plug up the streets.
Of course not when the city has very few bylaw enforcement officers.
One of Toronto's most interesting food neighbourhoods? Really?  Sure, if you want a bunch of pub food. There is one Indian food restaurant, and that's it for ethnic foods. Everything else is the same generic crap you can find anywhere in the city.
Oh, please enlighten me to the diverse food choices in the Junction.  Just look at the article - Malta Bake Shop? Vesuvio? YAWN!!!  Indie Ale House? 3030? The Hole in the Wall? Fancy pub fare.  Article doesn't even mention maybe the one shining light, North of Bombay. I have to travel to Annette &amp; Jane for decent Mexican at Mad Mexican.
It's so they can charge $9 for Mac &amp; Cheese.
Ya, seems very obvious. OP got bumped into the next service bracket.
That's just God punishing you for....something.
Black's sold phones? Good grief, that's sad.
&gt; high fructose corn syrup   Rolls eyes...there are issues that need to be dealt with. HFCS is not one of them.
There is no scientific evidence that HFCS is any worse than any other sugar. Reduction of ALL sugar intake is what is optimal.
Sometimes a nanny state is required to product people from their own stupidity.
Beggars can't be choosers.
What a ridiculous situation this all is. The 'tampon tax' issue had NOTHING to do with fairness, and was only a political move.
You are changing the argument.  A nanny state is required because people always don't make the best decisions, like not strapping their babies into car seats. Sometimes corporations lie to consumers for the sake of a buck, like when cellular companies charged people a [system access fee](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_access_fee) and said it was a government fee.  There is no such thing as a completely free market. Regulation is always required. You can call it a nanny state if you like, but it's a reality of life.
Ask the same people if they are okay if they alternate it with 'Allah' in support of the Muslim community.
&gt; Keeping manufacturing local allows us to support the city where we are from  &gt; Every bag is handmade using the finest raw materials  You can't have both, because you can't get the finest raw materials from Toronto.   I generally dislike companies that try to promote fake things like "locally made". It's a global economy people.
&gt; There are historically very good reason the taxi industry is as regulated as it is.  The regulations are a mess, and some of them are anti-competition. Artificial limits on the number of taxis on the streets is a prime example of this. Anyone, and I mean ANYONE, should be able to have a taxi license if their car is safe, there is insurance in place to protect the customer, and there is an accurate, accountable, visible means of tracking and billing the customer.
&gt; should anyone be allowed to open a hotdog cart?  YES! As long as they adhere to health and safety regulations. If there is enough business on the streets to support that many vendors, LET THEM.  If the public complains about too many hot dog vendors on the streets, implement a sidewalk licensing fee, and slowly increase it to bring the number of vendors down. But don't artificially say "Only X number of vendors". Let the market decide.
I'll take the downvotes for sure, but I support the banning of face coverings at a citizenship ceremony. The face is such an important part of communication. We trust people more when we can see their face. We understand people more when we can read their facial expressions. There is a lot of history and science behind the distrust of people who cover their face.
&gt; Councillor Pam McConnell, who represents the area, was near tears  Wow! Someone needs to grow up.
Just remember, the teacher's job actions are FOR THE STUDENTS!!!
It's not the teacher's job to determine appropriate class sizes. It's their job to teach.
