In my experience in Squirrel Hill and Shadyside the cars with tickets usually have "Alumni" stickers on them, or those stick figure families. I think more often than not it's the people who can afford $30 to not have to move their cars, not college students with little to no liquid assets.
I was joking about "marital" meaning having to do with marriage, as opposed to what I expect you meant which was "material".
Blue white pink horizontal stripes. I think it's a thing that should exist for completeness but understandably there isn't a huge demand (and likely some active resistance to) it.
The concept of a public government office not having public contact information baffles me. In the US (well Pennsylvania at least) I have the right to know which office cubicle a certain public servant sits in alongside a floor plan of the building, not to mention their email and desk phone number.
I would expect an appropriate book and licensing deal would bet you much more than the initial $5 million.
The only thing worse than an Apple fanboy (which I'm not) is a Windows fanboy, although I'm not even sure you're that. What I do gather is that you have some personal vendetta against Apple. Yes the Apple mice suck and always have, but the trackpads do not. And that is based on having used trackpads on HP, Asus, Dell, and Lenovo laptops. The trackpad on my MBP is far and away better than any other offering I've seen. My point is, had the OP asked for advice on Apple mice peripherals your comment would be relevant. OP did not ask that though.  It's as if someone asked how to refill the tires on their car and I responded that their current tires are shit so they ought to buy Goodyear but really the Porsche they're driving is overpriced for its performance and Camaros are considerably better so they should stop being a stupid Porsche fanboy and buy a proper car. If you behaved that way in real life you'd get punched in the face. I see no reason swapping cars for computers and Reddit for real life should allow you to behave so petulantly.
&gt;until your ignorant *ss showed up.  &gt;I don't even take my Mac's out in public anymore because I'm ashamed to be label a queer since Apple went all gay oriented/pride and all that.  At least no one needs to take you seriously anymore.
He would be a pretty decent president too I think, if he weren't a Tea Party puppet. Sad to say.
I think you misinterpreted that part of the article. He was giving examples of what neural nets *can* do, but this particular program has only ever seen Magic cards. The tendency to make up words is entirely a feature of the neural net.
But with the huge continued growth of the iPhone and iOS devices as a whole, there are millions of users who are picking up their first Apple device. That's who the Tips app is for, not you. While that is a good argument for making it hideable, it isn't insulting to you. You are choosing to be insulted by something intended for others. Are you insulted by the Braille on signs in public buildings or the tutorial level in video games?
A person who, while evil, was in some ways a badass.
It's just the general cycle of things: what's gimmicky may some day be mainstream. The turning point is when you can say "here's a problem, and now here's a feature that solves it" instead of making up problems to justify the feature. Apple is very good at nailing that transition.
&gt;we loved getting Huggies every few houses so we could hydrate.  to me Huggies are diapers
It's more like Eee-rock.
I consider them even more deserving of the title.
Barre does go pretty all-out I'll grant you. Most of the others just look like Daft Punk wannabes in my opinion.
Well there's gentrification where you actively displace the poor residents, and then there's the sort (which is most of what I see in Pittsburgh) where you move into already abandoned properties and make something good out of them.  That said I think we're going to hit a "luxury" apartment crash here in the next three or so years. What would be nice would be more mid-level housing, so there can be somewhere to live in the city that's not either a student-blighted shithole of a building or a $1500/month luxury loft.
I wish you could set individual nags though. Have it remind you about obsolete units or that annexed city you forgot to build a courthouse in. Match the nagging to your own stupidity.
Sarcasm is best in moderation. I said I wanted the ability to set which nags you hear, not to have it know automatically what you want. There's no mind-reading involved to tell if you have unupgraded units.
I love all the bullshit complaints from the developers in that thread of replies. Complaining that Apple provides an API but doesn't allow it to be abused.
Seeing that was enough to cement that I will never do business with them. Not that I planned to before, but absolutely not now.
Do you guys have some sort of Apple-related Controversy Beacon or something that alerts you it's time to ride in on your high horse?
I like pretty much every solution to a bug or inconsistency the author suggests, but their design taste for general suggestions seems mediocre at best.
He'll have a hard time finding one that's not Fox News or the like.
I assumed this was a reference to how young the woman on the left looks.
While absolutely correct and good for proving your point, that sentence is objectively awful.
Never said I didn't think lens distortion was a thing. In fact I started my comment with the opposite.
Bless your heart you're such a moron.
&gt;are allowed to put nutritional info and ingredients on the back making it much harder to shop without turning every product  Because what I really want is to walk down an aisle full of identical white data tables so I have to closely read or even *turn everything around* to find the item I came to buy.
&gt;Finity is doodoo brown.   Probably Cosmic Latte, actually.
Look up a the rest of it (with translation) if you haven't heard it. O Fortuna is one of the least exciting movements in my opinion.
Which, before people get all up in arms about it, is roughly on par with the limit for food being "feces-free" or "bug-part-free".
Well what it is is restaurants know about the "get the second cheapest" trick and sometimes game that. You can get around it by: a) buy the cheapest one anyway, b) buy the third cheapest even though that's also a bit silly, or my favorite c) actually learn just a tiny bit about wine and be able to make an informed choice.
I like that it's phrased basically like "…oh and also he was illiterate".
It's a bug for sure. Granted probably not high on the priority list for the other reason.
They're talking about taking the lump sum (rather than the annuity), which is almost always the right option for large payouts.  EDIT parentheses for clarity
Sorry I realize I wasn't as clear as I'd thought. I in fact meant taking the lump sum is better.
I believe the Irish rationale stems from the fact that they would consider your parent a citizen if they ever claimed it (automatic as the child of an Irish parent); so you're basically just proving you *should yourself be* the child of an Irish citizen.
I consider it pretty much the point of the movie, watching as a youngish guy. You've got JGL's back until pretty much the end of the movie, when you're suddenly forced to realize he, and you by extension, are wrong.
To be fair if he only read the first 10-15 pages it's not surprising he'd hate it. Beyond the striking first line *Pride and Prejudice* starts very dull.
Only if you know them really well, and even then it's a very clear tap-tap on the kneecap rather than a real thigh touch.
Right but then the warranty coverage is irrelevant, no?
I've never heard LoadingReadyRun described that way before (but not wholly inaccurate), but yes: http://desertbus.org
It depends how long it took them to figure out that's why they were getting so many strange calls. Many months of constant phone calls could arguably be worth that much money in psychological damages.
I'm sorry no one is getting your jokes. I personally think they're the bomb.
&gt;Market Districts are what Wegmans were 15 years ago.  But more expensive and staffed by Pittsburghers, who are by far the rudest service industry staff I've ever experienced. And I'm from a city that threw batteries at Santa.
The official iOS mobile client? And I was merely giving a heads-up, but your condescension is much appreciated.
It's always funny to me that a nation which gave the world *1984* and *Brave New World* is so aggressively trying to make them reality.
It might be a 100% accurate article, but titles like these are a big part of why I vowed to never read *Newsweek* again, about 8 years ago. The whole magazine reads like a sneering Hollywood trope of a self-righteous college professor.
And those juices usually don't taste very good alone.
