You should/must have Naut. Versatile and fun to play.  And can roleplay Big Daddy from Bioshock.  Probably best joke in game too.
Apdo could carry outside challenger with any champ. Nunu mid might be best for it since is the *TILT* champ.  *Bronzies* ^(anything under plat) should stop dreaming at top 0.02% and look just one tier ahead of them.
More likely Police's Cortana doesn't appreciate citizen's bad taste for that whore Siri.  (can switch names around)
Nice schooling in gaming economics. I give you that.  *But*, this dynamic queue experiment resulting in higher *ARPU*, as you call it, is more day dreaming than smart move.  The funny part is that soloq-ers are the vocal minority^? while teams and boosters have a field day banging anuses left and right.
Bullshit PR response. They are in damage control mode now.  But I guess it's fair. they get BS too if they fuck up.
There are plenty QoL that community demands and are good for the game.  New team builder is ^(^fucking ^finaly) nice; dynamic q that came with it and took who knows how much time to develop, not so much.
I quite wonder myself why don't they bring this gem of a dynamic queue to Korea, China and Europe.  1. lets watch SKT1 stomp soloQ or get stomped ^(yah lol) by random 5s  2. China has huge player base ranging from utter shit to good; little to no language barrier (Tencent too)  3. Europe - language barrier, good fucking luck getting on voice coms with anything but your citizens.
Once you figure out the kinks, is a great automation tool.  Hope he can add more streamers and outside of twitch too.
Doesn't make for good streaming revenue I guess....  Flashy plays entertainment and all that. Maybe if you roleplay Skrillex or something.
RIOT's fault for making it shit.  He legit thinks is the new shinnier better starting option that Riot designed for ADCs
No, you liked the role selection part.  Rito trying to nudge us to ~~play more with friends~~ get stomped by 5s team instead of random soloQ is where the schism is at.
jokeoveryourhead.meme  It's a trollish game mode with trollish matchmaking and trollish music. Respect the artist's design choice. It's how he intended to present us the video collage.  Ofc you don't have to like it, but no need to be asinine about it.
Can't wait for them to release soloQ too.  I bet they will drag on it's release a lot tho. they want us to invest enough time in dynamic queue to get used to it.  And then they release soloQ saying best rewards are with dyQ ranks.  Time will tell if playerbase will align to Lyte and co. vision about the future.  Biggest question for me is how will streamers go about it... streaming is always solo. will they make streamer collab team? Will streamer make a team with anon friends?
Best TEAMS, not players.  ...with coaches and gaming houses at their disposal. wait until sponsors chipe in.  in a way this could be cool. in another way it will be a   &gt; money &gt; random skilled Apdo.
A good trait in a competitive setting.
AAAAnd this is why I find DD so stresful to play.  One simply cannot plan for dodges/misses/resists in his rotations. Death is one coin toss away.  Cross the street? Death Door.  Flip the pages in a book? Torn rotator.  Cast light on the shinny red globe with a torch? Ctulhu tentacle spawn.  And I always hated ^good games that had me manage multiple team members.  As for video. At first I tho it will be a a long dungeon full of close calls with bitter end. Wiping at what is the tutorial enemy pack is.... worth filling a salt mine. Loved the captions.
is not OK to consume tens of hours of human time to enjoy finishing the story.  Think [Humane game design](https://www.reddit.com/r/Gaming4Gamers/comments/332paj/humane_design_games_must_be_good_to_their_players/)  There are hardcore games but they have a easy / normal setting usually.
Lyte got all the hate for new dynamic queue;  But I must say that new champ select is butter smooth. Pretty and responsive to clicks. (as long as i plunge in my primary supp role tho)
Any online game with 'roles' will have this situation. some roles are more popular than others due to: fun, challenge, responsibility (or lack of).  Many people want to be the goalie; not so many the goalkeeper.  Best part about the new system? I get to play all kinda supports. from Tahm Kench to Singed^^once and w/e else I feel like.
Nice analysis and gz on gold.  After trying few combinations I came upon the question:  **We all know the red vs blue +/- % win chance in summoners rift; but what about first pick/last pick % win chance?**  Becasue IMO team B has a slight advantage at pick order with counters and team comp.  Edit: messed up mid and top; basically a question of who gets to expose his lane first.  [Analysis](http://i.imgur.com/LKY8Hcb.jpg)
Not disagreeing with you; but random means also IMO that last pick team has a slight advantage. Curious about statistics on this situation; not talking about teams who trade.  I would like that support roles always pick last; in a world w/o trading.
Damn fucking right they botched it. *ANOTHER* Sona skin!? ^(it looks nice tho)  Where is my Lovespreader Singed; Heartdigger Yorick; Heartseeker Urgot. Heartbinder Amumu.  Ugly ^^^people champs need love too.  Rito please.  ^^Orianna ^^is ^^insta ^^buy ^^btw.
But they nerf Graves which is nice.
Defending your Janna example here. Thresh needs to land a skill shot at the right time and right opponent. Fail to do so and you're left frustrated.  But Janna has peels for ADC and huge AD buff. Her shields, if abosrbed, add up to adc livehood by saving pretious HP points and buying time to lifesteal more. her ult is a huge displacement AND heal
[Shen is not so poop IMO](#face-eww)
For the sake of discussion I'd argue that E and Q doesn't scale with anything you build if you go full tank. Ap ratios are wasted.  If you get at least some spell penetration in the form of abyssal scepter (to help your ap carryes too) then yeah.  W will benefit first and always from every point of armor/mr and HP you get.
Preach it.  This patch my dream combo is Taric with Graves. You just, like, only need to be around Graves. Those passives stack and you have tankiest Marksman. Sightstone, boots, frozen heart, Aegis. Heal for extra bonus armor/mr.  The armor shred from W with full ad Graves is the icyng on the cake.
Ya people should stop crying about boring kits. Support role is open to pick champs that augment team chance to win.  Pick what you think will do good against enemy team.
It is also the last chance to play the good ol' Taric. God knows what rework they give him.
Depends what you go for. Lane pressure is achieved when you can show them who is the boss and have them call you their Daddy.  Being tanky is a sure way to tell them who is the boss. (also gives your adc a reliable front liner)
Golden tip. Gonna save it and try suggest it to my friends.
At this point I think GGG should just make patch torrents with whole .ggpk game file.  Steam users would love it methinks.
pretty bad argument. sure there are bad 'QoL'.   But for 4-5 y/o games the most ruining factor it's age itself. You can't say QoL ruined vanilla Warcraft. The novelty just wore off but improvements and MMO formula kept it going.
A QoL: let us set a 'macro' or whatever that casts all auras in a setup at once.  Will it overcomplicate the UI? probably.  Will I feel less stupid doing menial tasks? very likely.  Too hard to code right for little gain, also prone to bugs? saddly yes.  Will it stop us to clog the reddit bandwidth with QoL memes? never.
Shh, bby. It's OK.  Enjoy this age and leave it to next generations to worry about it.  Unless we send ourselves back to stone age with nuclear/electronic/biological weapons, scientific breakthroughs will keep happening; and there are many areas where we can get % improvements.
IBM are aimed for corporate and industrial specialised 'vaporware'.  While we are stuck in console vs PC or Intel vs AMD debates on internet, they milk the corporate and government sector.  We, home users, don't need their expensive revolutionary specialised prosessors because we would just use it to browse reddit and photoshop images; which 'specialised' isn't for.
&gt; in capitalism people will lie, cheat and steal to get ahead.  this is human nature, not capitalism. Everybody lied, cheated and stole at one point in life.  Mother nature, everyone. No need to worship her. It just *is*.
More like, some show pain, some don't.
thanks for links. 1 hour later and amazed of how could javascript, canvas and webGL make a more amazing browser experience.  For some things CSS can't hold a candle.
while the claimed reasons might be wrong, I find it indeed quite not safe for work to open such link.
while I agree with you on the 10% less monster HP, I'd take an additional arrow over culling any time.  Culling strike can't crit and feels pointless versus trash mobs.
LMAO I liked it.  Long live the Queen!
Thanks for reply and concise explanation, sir.  Now again. In my opinion, it's voters responsibility too.  &gt; vulnerable to populism?  Of fucking course.  Maybe somebody will learn that education, "rational, fact-based discourse" are more important than "how much money and/or power can we gain", "how much can we lobby to put more money in the hands of rich people and banks".  Prime ministers come and go. shit stays.
The more unique and overloaded champs Rito releases, the more I appreciate Singed design.  Boring passive, ult, abilities. But holy molly such an unique playstyle.
You fix ADC's by nerfing tanks and assassins. Colossus passive. Poppy bullshit. Syndra R = kill ADC. Jungle being uber obnoxious to laners, especially bot. Can't even pressure with aggresive supports.  Then you fix ADCs.
Tanks have high base dmg on abilites so they can do some, while building tank.  If you buy tank items as adc, you don't have high dmg abilities. you don't have basic dmg. you're shit.  best u can do on adc is QSS and maw. Guardian 5th or 6th item. Ashe with thornmail is just for tutorials.
you must git gud or something.  working as intended.  e: forgot the /s
then you are too greedy. Some junglers like Yi do this too. they steal most of kill gold.
more likely, the team who wins fight w/o their ADC wins game. Nobody is putting any egg in ADC basket now.
&gt; 4 hour game  good sex lasts less than 4 hours  while on the short side, consider that we're used to unlimited replayability of the MMO-x era and huge sand-boxes.
