this changes everything
It may be for now, at sub-70 levels.  But trust me, it's not at level 70.  Enjoy the game!
Any apologetic used to excuse the Civil War and the Confederate battle flag (state's rights, economic concerns, southern heritage) can be easily refuted.  All you have to do is point out that all of these phrases are code for institutionalized racism.    &gt; The Civil War was about state's rights.  &gt; That's correct.  The states were upset about losing the ability to brutally practice institutionalized racism.
Implying the green line is ever something other than miserable
If that's enough to get him to be on the right side of history, I'm okay with that.
Huge Nerf to CoE for Saders!  They gave us a cold skill!  Please don't do this Blizzard!
&gt; Nick Bolas  Not sure if autocorrect or intentional, but that's what I'm calling him from now on
Good show.
Fuck you, you'll do what I tell you  Fuck you, you'll do what I tell you  Etc
Because fuck you, that's why.  AIs will backstab you if they feel they have a tactical advantage, especially if your army is all across the map so your home territory is open.
Curing cancer as a whole won't happen, but we can certainly improve results a whole heck of a lot. There are many cancers now where a patient with a diagnosed stage 3 tumor dies of something else first, which is as good a result as anything I can think of.
If I had a nickel for every pixel in that gif, I'd have a nickel.
Really I want to know what astrologers think about this.
Best to be lucky and good though
An early front runner for worst of the subreddit 2016!
If Tom Hanks was marching in the military he'd be Tom Ranks.
My ideal manager is Michael Scott from The Office.
I'm pretty sure that everyone who goes to LGS regularly and considers the business model knows that MTG and sometimes Yugioh/Pokemon drive all of the profit.
If I were dictator, frankly yes. 7.3b is plenty of us.
I am not an ethicist and admit I am not prepared to answer that.  But we have too many people.
&gt; Cats can't use personal computers  [citation needed]
I have no strong feelings one way or the other.
Everybody likes their representative but hates congress. What's wrong with that?
Maybe he should pay attention when they brief him every morning then?
Well now i have a new band to explore.  Thanks.
Nope. Nope nope nope.
Enough for do my power
Do you want riots? This is how you get riots.
I am sure you have already figured it out haha
Too real, too real.  Noooooo now I'm upset.
I wonder if they play concerts.
Let the poor man retire in peace, he's done enough.
ghetto looking?  It's one of the most expensive man-made objects ever, and you think it looks ghetto?
If they only did 90% of the time, things would be much better. It's more like 99% of the time.
Fuck this tree in particular
All men matter?
Yeah nobody has the betting control that savior did. Except maybe Life.
This makes me sad.
Like when they blame Obama for playing golf instead of being at the White House and not doing enough when 9/11 happened
I thought he vanished in a puff of logic
We have the best train wrecks, don't we folks? Just tremendous.
Eye don't see it that way
I recommend Gene Kranz's book "Failure is not an Option."  There were so many failures and near-disasters that it's actually amazing we only had 3 catastrophic failures resulting in loss of human life so far in the US space program.  The moon missions may have all appeared to be nearly flawless, but almost all of them were balanced on a knife edge to losing the whole mission.
There are 3 SCOTUS rulings that should only be never, ever be cited as precedent.  Dred Scott, Plessy, and Korematsu. Any lawyer who tries to do so will be laughed out of court and potentially have their bar revoked for incompetence.  [http://digitalcommons.law.yale.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=4706context=fss_papers](Relevant legal opinion here.)
While that is true, the legal minds behind the lawsuit are no dummies. They are ethics chiefs who served presidents Bush and Obama, respectively. The bipartisan nature of the suit should also give you some indication of the severity of the claims.  This is no frivolous lawsuit and has some teeth.
This is genuinely upsetting.
If you can really call a 1-party authoritarian government "democratic" then yes.
Sort by controversial if you want to increase your blood pressure.
Not being edgy, just pointing out something that surprisingly few Americans are aware of.  It also bears remembering in light of some recent events.
Lobbying will literally never be banned. What trump did do is sign an executive order banning people from lobbying the federal departments they worked at for 5 years after they quit working there.
