Seymour Hersh's story about how the killing of Bin Laden was a lie.  Not because I think that the story about killing Bin Laden was true, but because I really believe that he died of health problems between 2003-2008.
Fucking THIS!   We just need to learn how to be skeptic about a fellow subscribers post without being a dick about it, while also not calling anyone who disagrees with a post a shill.
Agreed... They are just two cheeks of the same ass.
&gt; Note that none of Obama's executive orders would have prevented attacks like San Bernardino, Paris attacks, etc.  No laws are going to stop the FBI from orchestrating these reminders of "WHY THEY NEED US!"
I mean, Oz may be a hack, but he did get a lot of shit for speaking out against GMOs.
If it isn't true, then why get all butt hurt about it and reprimand Lorne Michaels???
Really glad they don't come to /r/conspiracy for that...
Two cheeks of the same ass
I thought it was "all for the old people"?
They can smell the menstruation!
And if you like this, then definitely read Graham Hancock's new book, Magicians of the Gods. Mind = Blown  http://www.amazon.com/Magicians-Gods-Forgotten-Wisdom-Civilization/dp/1250045924
You mean all of the data that NASA "lost" in the 70's? Yea, totally verifiable.  Or what about the "moon rocks" that we brought back? When Holland tried to verify them, they found out it was nothing more than petrified wood.  Where is this "verifiable evidence" that you speak of? Not trying to be a dick, genuinely interested.
You clearly have not done any research into this topic if that's all you think the argument is based on. Sounds to me like you are putting way too much emotion into your argument.  If you are actually interested in having a civil conversation about this, give this a read. It's long, but worth it. http://davesweb.cnchost.com/Apollo1.html  Edit: Or just downvote me... that works too.
Or are they just trying discredit all of what he says by using his belief in flat earth?
Nowhere ITT does anyone call it a false flag. Just because this community entertains the idea that these events could easily be scare/control tactics, doesn't mean "actual bad things" don't happen. Bad things happen.  Everyone should still ask questions. If no one does, then what's stopping TPTB from actually committing false flags? The MSM has become the most controlled, unreliable source of information there is. Just because they say something, doesn't mean it's true.
I never said a thing about Obama.  Also, you seem to be uninformed about how executive orders work.  http://www.cnbc.com/2014/01/28/executive-orders-what-they-are-and-how-they-work.html  Looks like now you have learned something intelligent and useful today.  Edit: Changed misinformed to uninformed
Spreading irrational fear is pretty much the name of the game. "Social control is best managed through fear".  And at this point, I look at anyone who is a die-hard Republican or Democrat the same way I look at super religious people. They're just different sectors of the same organization.  Or, to put it more eloquently, they're two cheeks of the same ass.
Religion or race doesn't matter to me nearly as much as the amount of media coverage an event receives. Anytime there are non-stop live feeds on every single channel, rampant speculation, and no visual evidence besides a bunch of clips of cops playing on a loop... Then you should start asking questions.
Have you read Magicians of the Gods? It's Fingerprints but with updated material/findings and theories. Totally recommend!
One way that something like this could be possible is if only a small amount of people that were actually in the club that night were in on it. Guy comes in with an AR and starts firing off blanks. Everybody is terrified and starts running for the exits. Once outside, they are no longer able to witness the events within the club.  Obviously a decent amount of people would need to be involved, but that would be way more likely than everyone in the club being in on it. That way, there is at least some aspect of legitimate panic/fear/trauma/etc. because most of the people there just thought they escaped a real shooting.
That's what I figured, as most AR-15's are semi-auto. With such a high death toll/injury level, that makes me even more suspicious.
Probably just a ploy to get more time.
I completely agree, I was just stating how a "hoax" scenario would be possible, rather than a false flag.
Doesn't matter who wins, neither Hilary or Trump will be good for the people. If you really want someone who will (at least seriously try) to make a difference, Gary Johnson 2016!
That I would just chalk up to eyewitness unreliability. Embellishing the story for the cameras.  Regardless, this entire situation is sketchy as fuck.
You're hurting this entire sub's reputation when you say stupid shit like that. Can't tell if you're serious or just trolling intentionally. I get what you're trying to argue, you just need to get a lot better at arguing/debating.
I don't need any evidence of dead people to tell you that you're shit at arguing your point. Be less abrasive, less emotional, and don't immediately result to insulting anyone who disagrees with you.   If there is anyone here who needs to "shut that trap of yours" it's you, kid.
&gt; Show proof or shut the fuck up  There's some proof for you right there. You sound like a 13 year old in remedial English.
You should really turn this into its own post. Very reasonable and well said!
I would argue there is an equal amount of evidence for this event being a false flag as there is evidence that it really was just a "mentally disturbed gay Muslim"... Just saying.
Look around you, the evidence to the contrary is mounting. Things get more and more fishy with each new piece of data that is coming out.  That being said, still not sure either way.
We need to be careful with how we treat the trolls though, who are here strictly to make us look bad.   Everyone must make an effort to downvote the obvious trolls, and upvote the logical/reasonable comments here.
I'm not saying that there aren't ever legitimate times to discuss criticisms of Israel or Judaism. I'm just saying it shouldn't ever look like every post getting tied back to THE JEWS like you see somewhere in almost every thread on the FP
I mean... yea that would be the obvious answer. I'm just proposing the idea to you that it wasn't just an innocent mistake made by a common user.   Just go look at the post. The comments section should be sickening to any true r/conspiracy user.
Check again. If nothing looks wrong there to you, then you are part of the problem.
Yet you feel the need to complain on both of them?
Noooo don't tell me that, I love Tim Robbins... I refuse to believe it!
That's one of the problems with the whole "crisis actor" idea. It's impossible to tell who (if any) are crisis actors, and who are just attention whores that lie and make up stories strictly to get their 15 minutes of fame. I would argue the latter for most of the time, but would not totally rule out the crisis actor thing either.
Two of the highest quality comments I've seen here in a while. Just awesome.
I have no doubt that those responsible for creating the fake phone call will possess the resources to produce an incredibly convincing fake. Otherwise, they won't risk being exposed and would likely just never release the tapes at all.
Facebook, Google, Snapchat (facial recognition data)... you name it!  The problem with all of these companies is that they provide their services for free. As the old saying goes, "If something is free, you (your data) are the product being sold."
While I agree with what you said, that doesn't mean everyone who does that is a paid accomplice of the state for an anti-gun scheme.
That sounds sketchy to me.
They don't want military veterans with prior combat experience on the same team as the citizens, in a revolution scenario. They'd rather take their chances with the regular citizens who have guns.
That's like, the definition of what the Second Ammendment aims to protect
I'd tell you that you're mistaken. Not all are, sure. But saying none of them are is just inaccurate, sir.
As much as I'd like to agree with everything you're saying... I still find it extremely interesting that this innocent "pizza shop owner" also happens to be the 49th most powerful man in DC?? Why?  Source: http://www.gq.com/gallery/50-most-powerful-people-in-washington-dc
Absence of evidence does not = absence of a crime.  While I agree, most of the "evidence" p-gate people are using is compltely speculative and circumstantial. However, there are plenty of pieces of information that have been uncovered that are indeed, HIGHLY suspicious, and therefore should continue to be investigated.  All these people claiming that this is a completely crazy bull shit theory have not looked into it enough to see the tidbits of disturbing "coincidences".
This video smells like low tide at the pier... way too perfect for what TPTB want right now. Further strengthen the racial divide, demonstrate how "racist" Trump voters are with the comment sections of any post involving this story so far (it's BAD, like too bad).  I'm not saying these deplorables didn't actually kidnap the kid and torture him, I'm saying I'd bet the farm someone put them up to it...  Edit: spelling  2nd Edit: ITT- "A theory questioning the mainstream narrative, in a subreddit for conspiracy theories? Downvote!"
&gt;who the fuck is dumb enough to facebook live stream this in the first place?  One thing that many inner city black kids know how to do pretty well is how to not get arrested. Dealing with cops (especially white), knowing the laws commonly broken by peers, it's sad but true.  I find it highly unlikely that not a single person in that room seemed to try and hide their face from the camera, or even say "are you fucking stupid?! We're all going to jail if you put that shit on FB!"
