Hoes cheated, which brings the question of why she was allowed outside the kitchen in the first place.
bacon lettuce tomato barbercue, are you implying that the homosex cannot enjoy a sandwich?
Pick a technopath, or a good telepath. Strangely I go with reed richards in this case.
He is like batman, with the best armor inside his body but he always has that preptime ready beforehand. How else will this happen?
don't turn gay vlog into slapstick comedy
we ming the merciless now, change the title to brown peril
No surprises here, same shit happened to madeline mccann
Honestly more law enforcement should subscribe to Vice, look what happened to McAffee a while back
war never changes.
Best diet program.
look and see and ye shall find
You are a wonderful person
Very sharia friendly. market it as a Masjid scheme and it would work fine
what muslim hate?  Everything has good and bad, mainly I just hate some of the muslims not the religion itself.
I discriminate against everything equally here, read my previous posts concerning birdshits,crossfags, cokin, niggers,joos.homos and whatever else.
&gt;What kind of logic is this?  SJW logic
&gt;that website turns the very mundane things into gender oppression issues  you just did a neat summation of one of their tenets, great job pal.
I am just helpful that our current mentality and mob rule will gladly whip the shit out of them,
&gt;Unfortunately tt would have held more gravity if she didn't use the typical alarmist approach that she's taken.  Truth  &gt;. Society is not made to be tailored to you and your personal standards, get off your high horse.  Especially Indonesia, some sheltered bitch she is.
Do remember that these hoes only focus on 1st world problems
Islam and conservative Christians/Catholics are a good defense, no need for MRA's at this point.
Bingo, dumb 'new' tourist mentality
&gt; MFW I am being the patriarchy.  check your privilege shitlord
Catcalling is wrong?
Kick out O, see what happens then.
&gt;just don't expect women to ever want to interact with you, here or in real life  I guess you do not know the people you are addressing in this topic or ever been outside to see social interaction, everyone here interacted with the opposite gender. That and even the kind LGBT folk who are part of the sub.
still don't get why people downvote you since its for "non contribution" instead of opinion, people need to get thicker skin.   And shekelmasters will do their thing,
Don't look at us being 'above' the rest of them, the superior mentality is bullshit. Some of us do think that we are above kaskus because we use english but that is mainly for shits and giggles.   Compared to the other subs we are not that different we have topics about games, plans for meetups, talks about the news and whatnot. The only difference being that we are komodos.   If you expected to have rational political discourse then you came to the wrong place.
It was nothing short of comedy, and did they think that anyone is going go care when we had marriage at lesser age?
I guess they just wanted more mommies, and how does one support the Obedient Wives Club?
Preach, and haters can suck on a dick.
yeah, and will likely stay that way.
No shit man
goddamn downvoters
Lobotomise them
Its good, and don't forget to smile. Indonesians love smiles.
hahahahahahahahahahaha  no, just look that the people and the common mentality
not to mention this sets a good foundation for Hillary
shhhh....  man, this is why we need the patriarchy
&gt;then we'll never see rainbow flag rise in this country.   Nationalistic people would crucify the fags, not good man. Don't start a gender orientation war, let them live in peace. Build a better closet.
&gt; I don't think it's the priority for LGBTQ rights anyway  THIS, we are currently a 3rd world/developing country and we have bigger problems to solve. Corruption and food is heavier on our list, while the poor worry about price inflation.   Non Violent? some of our people still lynch the homosex
&gt;Never. Indonesia is a theocracy. Never as long as that star still dwells on the center of the garuda. Never.  and by jove you will see some blood before it ever goes down
Christians lost their balls, sadly and the new Pope is pretty weak.
The thing is there is something deeper than religion that is harder to break, Islam tried it on Arab and failed also the colonists have tried it here and failed.   Its culture.
Not in all regards, Putin is doing interesting things and I heard odd things about China being more christian.
Two years? Naw, man fuck that shit back in the colonial era it was four years earlier. Some of our grandparents and their parents can attest to that.   Its the one that sells. No need to put western spin.
&gt;Weird that this is downvoted like that.  what kind of autist would do that?
People shed blood against the Imperialist defending that symbol and they will do it the same against internal threats.
I just hate Dahlan Iskan, that is all.   It could be that he empowers minority groups too much and respect non javanese (papua) as well.
Do we want Menkominfo banning more shit?  If muslims beat up a part of their own sect (Ahmadi) then what chances do the LGBLT chicken BBQ have?  say born but don't diss others who made the 'choice' to change into that group, its still an argument.
