Yeah why those other guyz gotta bring the Pit down?!
I think there should be a name for when you see like more than one bird. I suggest Fluck.
Why use that word if you are going to have to explain it anyway?
It doesn't get read. Well it might, but it's not guaranteed which is why they suggest you don't.
OK well I ask because hopefully that might give you some insight into how he feels. He obviously likes those body types (as you like tall guys) but the fact that you aren't that exactly type isn't necessarily an issue, as his height isn't for you.
The best one hit wonder IMO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Marilyn Monroe is my guess.
I think you need Rick and Morty in your life, seems like you would enjoy it.
Clowns. I never really believe people when they say this, just think they are acting up for whatever reason.
Well that depends, what time of day is it?
Do you like them or is it a convenience based diet?
The name Ants on a Log is so great. Not only because it does actually look like that, but it just has a nice flow/feel to it - not sure what the word I am looking for is. That guy said Cellar door was good but I prefer Ants on a Log.
And is she open to such things?  I think you are eventually going to struggle  if sex is off the cards but perhaps if you guys can explore alternative that will help.
Sounds risky!
There is no magic, no. They are all tricks.
Have sex with them.
A red light stops almost everyone but often people will blow through zebra crossings and the like so if someone stops and waits patiently for you and you raise a hand in thanks it's all good. Of course you aren't obliged to and nobody would really mind if you didn't, but it's courteous to.
Yeah I think we should probably use the correct interpretations, so cool.
Yeah but there is a grey area, some people will only stop if you are actually on it, some will stop if you are approaching etc. The law very rarely has to get involved in this interaction so a small bit of courtesy is fine with me.  Being polite and courteous isn't really about *having* to do it.
You think I am coming across mad? That's odd.
I think it's odd that everyone assumes they have those cars to be flashy or whatever. Maybe they like driving? Maybe they enjoy the performance?
Well that will probably take you more time but OK.  Edit: Such a strange thing to downvote.
Oh yeah, really lame!
It's like paper, but for you snads!
I would have said Crocodile.
Why would you want him back beak-less? That's like 50% of the toucan.
Well of course, it's nice to have the basic tools to have a go though I think.
Nothing, you just work with people you don't bet on with. There are billions of other people out there, I am sure you would get on with some of them!
True! Scrum halves I have played with have always been short yet formidable guys. Rugby is great in that pretty much any size of person can play a key role.
What are you thoughts regarding raising your kids with both parents but possibly unhappy vs raising your kids with divorced parents?
What made you select that as the laptop you wanted?
Do you not think there is some aspect to it where people might not hit on those they perceive to be more attractive than them?
I would like to see this done in other countries. Actually i wouldn't even 5 seconds of it has kind of pissed me off, but you get the point.
All part of the charm!
I think that is utter twaddle.  Edit: Fuck I forgot about the no opinions rule, my bad!
That's pretty fucked up man, they are terrible chips.
Where abouts in England? I love hearing outsider's opinions on the place I live!
You are using ancient constrains but this is for the modern age!
Maybe they like the taste?
Don't take this the wrong way but I would not be seen in public with you.
I didn't make a claim about nanny states so why would I list any? **You** did and I asked what you meant, you clearly are not able to answer so instead have just gone into cliche redditor mode, changing the subject and being snippy.  Do us all a favour and don't talk about things you don't understand, would have saved us both the time.
Your bread is just a bit sweet and I guess seems overly processed.  Not too sure about the cucumbers, I was not aware they were any different to ours!
Salted is my favourite.   The mixed stuff is pretty good though.  Just sweet is very dull IMO and I don't particularly enjoy it.
Hmm, tough one!  Probably Jamie. He starts off seeming like a stereotype but that soon falls away and even reverses itself. He puts up with an awful and arguably undeserved reputation and for the most part rises above it. He is funny as hell. He has a fucking badass gold hand that makes a cool noise when he catches a sword swing in it.
Yep, I'll take rapey incest Jamie over her any day!
Yeah I just cannot find this cringeworthy. I get that others do so I am not moaning about the post, but it just looks like a dude in a amusingly lame sonic costume to me, nothing cringe about it!
Ever been really surprised by what someone is like IRL compared to the image you had of them based on your online interactions?
Buy the best value items they have.
You claimed it so you prove it, I can't prove something doesn't exist - or rather I am not willing to.
Sounds like a good way to bite your tongue...
