Then it's a bit high. Counter offer with $400.
They're "free-range"!!!
Slippery Slope
MicroSD slot? Really??
I'm curious about the opposite. For example, how does LuthorCorp stay in business? Wouldn't the association with Lex Luthor be a PR nightmare?
The same things that cause me to not believe there's a Kali, Zeus, Odin, Shiva, or any other gods; lack of evidence.
If you're being overtaken on the right, you're probably in the wrong lane. Remember, there are signs that remind people that "Slow Traffic Keep Right".
Just tell people you have no belief in the supernatural.
Well the whole reason for "safe and sane" was due to the number of injuries seen in emergency rooms due mostly to stupid people.
Being grossed out by how your food gets from farm to table is a 1st world problem. Before the advent of centralized slaughterhouses in the meat industry, we weren't so detached from the process. And even so, Europeans don't have these kinds of qualms about meat.
Why didn't the person ordering this simply say, "No pickles or mustard"?
If you could identify it, it wouldn't be a UFO!
Except when they get it wrong. That seems like a reason.
Right. It just means you should pre-transcode with Handbrake from your pc first.
True. DLNA would work.
Above all else, there's no good way to tell someone they're wrong about a deeply held belief.
The post title isn't funny.
And it's in your own name now? Or is your ex on the hook for it?
I don't think anyone who listens to super-loud music can tell the difference once you go deaf.
You'd think there would be some mention of punishment in the afterlife at least.
In America, it's not uncommon for students to be employed while going to college. That would seem like the best route for you, as many donors would probably look at your academic history in a less-than-favorable light, given that you've quit and "lost passion" for school before.
None of the questions seem like harassment. Looks like people just want to get to the bottom of the problem.
** Technically, the amount is the average savings. Some families will save less, and some more. Not EVERY family saves the same amount.
I'm kind of ambivalent. On the one hand, people are offering something in exchange for help. But on the other, it just seems like a more desperate form of spam. I don't know where the line is between advertising and asking for help in those cases.
If you think you'll be forced to relocate soon, you could sell off your furniture. That puts money in your pockets, and makes moving easier.
Yeah, with your SEO experience, they might have something.
Not sure why I'd vouch for someone I don't know in real life.
But a Fitbit? A jewelry organizer? And a giftcard to Sephora?  These aren't necessities.
Invent a time machine or redo your work. You can't get data back from hardware no longer in your possession.
Hm. Ok. I don't know how they do things there, but here in the US, educational costs are often covered by grants and scholarships, loans, and part time work. Most benefactors would like to make sure you've exhausted these options, as well as knowing how well you are performing in school.  What you're asking for is unlikely to happen in the short term, so it's worth the effort to take steps now to qualify for grants and scholarships and any other aid you can get for the next and future terms and get a job to save up until you can get in to a dorm or off-campus housing.
Do you have a regular account? Not sure I'd want to support a "drive-by" account just created today.
Have you tried selling those on Craigslist, so that someone local to you could pay you in person for your sunglasses?
Fucking kids...
&gt; Unemployment won't even help them (unassumingly due to their credit history but idk).   Credit worthiness has no impact on receiving unemployment benefits. They're usually denied if the applicant hasn't worked for very long, worked under the table for cash, or with just cause.  At this point, selling as much of their possessions for cash would be the quickest short term solution, but merely buys enough time to to get to the next month.  The upside of selling everything for cash is that it makes moving out easier.
It would probably be best to have that as an Amazon wishlist item for someone to purchase for you.
For the amount of money you're looking for, a lot of people would hesitate simply because this doesn't appear to be an established charity.   If this is something you're planning on doing on an ongoing basis, I would suggest you look into registering with your state as a non-profit. Not only does this help make you look more reputable, but it also helps that people would be able to receive a tax break for their donations.
Given the choice, at the moment I would get an ODROID XU4. It has GB ethernet and USB3.0, which I find more useful than SATA2 simply because I can keep adding drives.  http://www.hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code=G143452239825&amp;tab_idx=1  Something to think about if you're building a NAS.  If you're willing to spend 2x that price, the ECS Liva-X mini pc is a bit more capable.   http://smile.amazon.com/ECS-Elitegroup-LIVA-X-2GB-32GB/dp/B00SAYE162/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1453924330&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=liva+x+2gb+32gb+mini+pc
It just depends on your budget. Obviously the more capable the machine, the more it'll cost.
Have you told them that you want to move out?
Then the first thing I'd recommend is getting a PO box or box at a retail postal service, and have your mail sent there. Food stamps, bank account statements, everything.  Next, is to find a friend who'll let you stay with them while you find a better job. Keep the one you have until you have something better. Pay your friend a token amount of rent for helping you out.  Save up until you can find afford your own place, or rent a place with a friend. But don't do this too quickly! There are better things to spend money on that's of greater benefit in the long run, like college.
Realistically, no one is going to offer you a job that you can work remotely from home. You have no work history to show how well you can work unsupervised.  Is there a reason why it has to be a job that's done remote? Because I'm pretty sure you can hire someone in India for cheaper than what people would get paid here given your skillset.
Which costs more? Repair or replacement?
Ask for a raise...
Isn't this just marketing?
What kind of crazy person tries to catch up and pass a truck doing that??
Driving in to oncoming traffic is a good job?
There's nothing personal about proof. That's the beauty of it.
Hurrah for cafeteria Christianity, where every lay-person is an expert at knowing what's supposed still be valid!
Of course there are crazy atheists! But we recognize their motivation isn't because of some twisted interpretation of some religion.   Actually.. I guess you could also show crazy people who think their actions are blamed on government conspiracies, aliens, chemtrails, and the like...  But none of those are relevant to whether or not your deity exists.
If this is all true, I would have publicized this church's bad behavior in at least the local media.
