40 year old virgin when the drunk woman he picks up at the  bachelorette party starts driving and hits everything then t-bones the parked car and says "Fucker Came Out Of Nowhere!"  And a lot of scenes in Kingpin...One of my all time favorite comedies.
Meant for people that are less fortunate, but only has an HDMI hookup 😒
That dog is defective. They can still take it back, because it still has the price tag on its neck.
Scheuer wasn’t killed and didn’t wind up with paralysis or brain damage, thus limiting the potential damages.  “The facts are good for GM in that one,’’ said Bob Langdon, a lawyer in Kansas City, Missouri, who represents dozens of plaintiffs suing GM alleging injuries or deaths caused by ignition defects. “It’s not a big injury.’’  It just takes two small paragraphs to prove, once again, that lawyers are the fucking scum of the earth.
There us no telling how much more shit he lied about. The amount if people he said he killed sounds ridiculous as well.
You get an upvote for using the, almost extinct word, Kerfuffle.
It is a perfect example of how everyone could pitch in to make everyone rich, but we are too selfish
Yes it wood. Wood you buy one? I know I wood.
I think it is funny that there is an article just a little above this one talking about how a barrel of oil is the cheapest it has been since 1993
No, make it the inside band photo, so people would think that was what the band looked like....The kicker....It's a Bluegrass album.
You can't have Party in the front and back!
T.V's beloved bigot.
American politics is no longer changed by what the people want but rather by corporations and lobbyists.   If America tried instilling a free healthcare system Health insurance and pharmaceutical  lobbyists would be all over capital hill.   My city has been trying to build a rail system from our city to Atlanta, then to Nashville, then eventually to Chicago. The people want it, but as soon as it is proposed, airline lobbyists shoot it down every time.  I have always said that greed is the largest opponent of progress, and with every passing decade it just becomes more prevalent in America  I will let Arthur Jensen (Ned Beatty) explain it  https://youtu.be/yuBe93FMiJc
Best sense of humor? A dark sense of humor.
She was hoping a firefighter would give her the hose.
I think The Dude would even be kind of sad.
I got a chuckle out of the terrible writing and metaphors.
Would you like to make some fuck.
Florida: The land of backward laws.
I don't care how many times this gets reposted, because it never gets old.
She seems to suffer from noassatall.
A Mario Kart/Mad Max mashup....Hell Yeah!
Fucking Lag!
If the S.S.  office will send checks to a p.o. box, get one and have it sent there. That is what I would do.
Man, I love nature and how sometimes it is like "HA HA! Fuck You Humans!"
How do I lose interest in a hobby???  The moment a fucking lawyer becomes involved.
Betrayal only leads to more betrayal.
Sometimes it is better for one to gravitate their ass to a boat and get the fuck out of there .
I hope she whipped the hell out of you, and took away your Bazooka Joe bubblegum.
You need a license to drive a car, hell you even need a license to catch fish, but any asshole can be a parent. - Parenthood
I think the ribbon is the tongue and the plate is hissing sssssnek.
This is what more cities need.   Positive enforcement will always bring  positive results better than just locking someone up and belittling a person that is already at the lowest of their low and then throwing them back out on the street.  I commend this man. He should also go speak at schools and let kids know what service they provide and encourage the children to be more supportive of their fellow human beings.
Yeah, I wish they would have focused a little more on Medivh's (The Guardian) backstory. Also, I found it weird that Khadgar was not his assistant /pupil in the movie like he was in the lore. Out of all the characters, Medivh felt the most rushed. I liked the movie though
It makes me so mad to see cops do this to a Black.
Take your point you sick bastard.
Step 6: Get rid of Satan's creation...Buffering
Because Networks, ratings, bullshit and loss of humanity!  I hate how human kind has degraded itself!
DO NOT FORGET ON BILL CLINTON'S WATCH!  This fucking disgusted me!
It's easier to put on slippers than to carpet the world.- [Stuart Smalley](http://www.ew.com/sites/default/files/i/imgs/100518//Stuart-Saved_400.jpg)
Wrong!  It should have been rainbow colored
You guys are so cheesy.
Why don't they just slaughter them, feed them to the other cows and start a new kind of milk..Mad Cow Milk
Sometimes that shark, he looks right into ya, right into your eyes.   Y’know, the thing about a shark, he’s got lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll’s eyes. When he comes after ya, he doesn’t seem to be livin’ until he bites ya, and those black eyes roll over white, and then you hear that terrible high-pitch screamin’, the ocean turns red, and in spite of all the poundin’ and the hollerin’, they all come in and rip ya inflatable boat to pieces…
This is a little off topic but I don't get this. Decapitations, stabbings, people being burned alive. It all just becomes to be more of a regular everyday thing because it is in shows and the news more regularly.   But see a guy bopping a woman then a panic attack ensues. Something that humans Have To Do is demonized while death and violence is glorified. I mean I get the shock value of seeing something you were never told about as a kid. I just think it is weird that a t.v. show can show someone getting their head cut off or their head getting beat with a ball bat, but show a little nip from a woman and all hell breaks loose.   Why is sex so taboo, but murder is more forefront? Could this be why humans are much more violent on a global scale?  Are we that desensitized as a culture?.....backward ethics at play.
Damn you Donaghy
With it being a Razer product, I would price it between 6000 to 8000 dollars.  Razer makes the most overpriced cheaply made shit ever!
I say ole chap, you would not have any dog biscuits lying about would you...
If right near you mean 8 miles away, then yes, yes it is.
Child labor laws is what is destroying this country - Ron Swanson
The internet is the greatest invention in my lifetime. You literally have the world of information at your fingertips....and people are still to lazy to google....
