Agreed. Book javert is not a villain. He is someone bound by a moral code as well and is a tragic character. He doesn't believe in redemption, and when faced with JVJ's redemption he can't handle it and mills himself.
I agree.  Arguably the fittest man to play AFL in history and ran middle distance olympic times.   But look at the midfield over that era and tell me who he pushes out!
It's actually life insurance. By an absolute mile.
If there is a more perfect video to sum up Carlton's season than those few seconds of the fumbling in the forward line, I haven't seen it.
He reminds me of Popovich.  Gets the best out of people who may not be the most talented, excellent at developing talent in his team, and ensures that players put the team above individual glory.  Adjusts the team strategy in accordance with his time - see the way the Spurs game has developed over time as their stars have aged.  Similarly, is kind of a teacher of coaches the same way Pop is.  Also quite clinical about things (although Clarko gets more emotional than Pop).
Aaah, the old Liam Shiels argument.  Everytime he touches the ball, which is not infrequent, commentators say he's underrated.   Not any more gents.
Kind of proves my point
2013 win from first. 2014 win from second. 2015 win from third.   So my guess is we have to finish fourth to guarantee fourthorn.
OWEN WON-ONE.   UNLIKE FREO, WHO ARE OWEN ONE-ONE.
You prefer he goes to Port Arthur?
Happy to see stratts get some recognition.  Not sure gunston deserves it this week
If a current player, would have been the best choice, alongside Peak Pavlich, Peak Riewoldt, Peak Kouta, Peak Lethal and Peak Zac Dawson.
I think Burgoyne is actually a good bet that hasn't been listed.  Yes, gets smashed in the ruck, but is proven midfielder, defender and forward - albeit not the tallest.
The Hawks isn't the worst! This feels like a first in the space of jumpers in recent years.
The reality is he would never have become great at Hawthorn and may have been lost to football forever.    The guy obviously battled personal demons his whole career; the time in the country was needed to clear his head and get to a better place, and the Geelong culture for better and worse probably suited him better.  The 1987 signing was a bit weird, but in the end - I don't see this as a what if.
Not sure I agree with Smith.  He's not an on field leader the same way Hodge is, directing traffic, etc.  I think Birchall or Stratton would be a good captain, if they decide the time is right for Hodgey to hand it over.
Swordfish @ 26%.   Terrible hacking scenes, but it's not about that. I liked Jackman and travolta and the ending.   Can't believe it's only 26%.
I love this stat.
Well, technically the Swans won three of those flags back when they were in Melbourne.  So I say he's got NSW covered too.
The AFL actually did something right?  I know kids.  I'm scared too.
Given what it inspired, the reconciliation that took place and what seems like Monkhorst's genuine remorse and contrition at what he said and the fact that Long and Monkhorst now get along - I think it's one of the more inspiring stories in totality.
Does that give you a fourgasm?
Wow!  I had no idea.
The mining boom is over guys... You should be saving your money, not making frivolous bets.
Part of the beauty of AFL is the chaos, and what can often come out of it.   Remember the two Lance Franklin goals against Essendon (when playing at Hawthorn), streaming out of defence.  Glorious moments that are lost with rigid zones / requirements to maintain players in defensive 50.   The Leroy Jetta goal against the Pies where he ran from the back end of the square to about fifteen metres out?  Doesn't happen.   Arguably, the Eddie Betts goal this year doesn't happen as there isn't that open 50 to contend with.   Part of the joy in AFL is the lack of formal structure, letting teams come up with their own (Pagan's paddock, Collingwood forward press, Clarko Cluster, Geelong play on at all costs, etc.), coupled with the moments of individual brilliance in the chaos (Danger bursting through packs, Cyril Cyriling, Fyfe bullocking, Ablett's hips of steel).  That's what we love.  Formalise the structure too much, and you lose that.
If you take form, scoreboard, injuries, and third quarters and the first 1.25 quarters out of this game, Hawks are in front.
Pfft... Port percentage is only 5000%.  Can't win with a percentage like that.
I think they only didn't pay a free kick against Gibson then out of pity.
FWIW, Hawks are winning the second half.  I think I just made Hawks' fans and Port fans equally sad.
Picks in the eighties don't help that much anyway
But we have Ryan Burton and that makes up for every negative you just mentioned.
That was an entirely justified and appropriate mastubatory session over GOAT Ryan "nobody" Burton.
Cotchin the dirty sniper. probably took off a white glove and slapped him across the face with it.
It was a joke. Cotchin wouldn't risk messing up anyone's hair.
Agree. Fuck is this thread?
There is definitely a bit of nsync about the look
That's a great kick. Really really impressive.
Pendles on Fyfe... Mmmmmmm. Delicious.
Surely that was skill error...
Deliberate isn't really the interpretation now.  It should really be called "insufficient effort to keep the ball in play".   If people think of it like that, they'll get a lot less salty about deliberates.
Probably not the catchiest name for a rule though.   Maybe shorten to insufficient effort.
Why is a random chef selling cars?  It makes less sense than the sexist ultratune ads.
So long as you don't expect any contested possessions or tackles from him
I thought your reverse recruit of Vickery has been better for you.
In fairness. I don't think hill has stuck a tackle in his entire career.
Hill could have put his hand up.   Two bad decisions from him in the last few minutes.
After their performance, the bye was robbed not to have anyone in the team.
Now I understand why you always bring up the proletariat and the bourgeoisie.
Do you think HawksTV can be nominated for an Oscar?
And Swans fans complain about the "are Sydney the greatest team?" meme getting old...
