There is a good chance he won't.
I agree with what you're saying, the production isn't great right now, but I think it's worth pointing out that he's only 19. There is a reason why he was a first round pick, and was widely considered one of the best hitters in his draft. He hasn't gotten it done yet, but I think it's important to give him some time before we give up on him as a first baseman.
I think a lot of people had us as about a .500 team going into the season. The fact that we are a half game out of first is pretty surprising.
At this point, me picking your team is a curse. Good thing I've got the Nats and Barves tomorrow.
Not everyone can be Nordic God level good.
As much as tonight has sucked, shit like this makes me love baseball.
Calling it now, both starters are going to do it tomorrow.
Surprised so many people like the final 3. Final 2 makes for a much more interesting end game imo.
A Woo and Kass final 2 would have been amazing.
He would've been awesome on S31.
Or maybe it's just that a lot of people find Kass entertaining...
The best survivor mind of the post-HvV era imo.
It makes sense that Familia is being used a lot at this point in the season. He's one of the few actual major leaguers in our bullpen right now. He can rest when Black/ Parnell/ Blevins/ Carlyle/ Mejia come back.
Check the ratings of Russell's seasons compared to seasons with out him. There's no difference.
But that is a question that requires zero thought. Gomez is clearly better.
No it shouldn't.
I don't care where the strike zone is, you can't have three backwards K's to end the game with a no-no going. Swing the damn bat.
He would've had a better chance than Danny fucking Muno.
I never really understood this subs hatred of booing anyway. If you're unhappy with the way your team is playing, go ahead and boo. They're professional athletes, you're not going to hurt their feelings.
I guess I just don't see why booing is that big of a deal. If you are upset with what is happening, you should be able to boo, whether it's your manager, the umpire, a bench player, or an all-star. Like I said earlier in this thread, these guys are professionals, you are not going to hurt their feelings.
That doesn't make the losing any less frustrating.
The esurance commercials are a little more degrading imo.
At that point, we should just tear it down and start a new one.
Barves playing with fire bringing up Big Bart.
A DH with bad fundies?
Probably similarly to Flo in TAR 3. That being said, I think Sash wins that F3.
Yeah, but don't teams normally save their closer in extra inning games on the road?
I don't think it was people not getting the reference, I just think they didn't find it funny. I have a hard time believing that many people don't know that line. I mean, it's one of the sidebar pics, it's pretty much common knowledge.
It's always worth a shot. Worse case scenario, you don't get and you move on. Best case scenario, you get to have the adventure of a lifetime. The board game thing will probably help you stick out of the group, but it won't be enough to get you on by itself. I say just give it 100% and see what happens.
No. Go full All-Stars or full newbies. I can't stand FvF or the one returning player per tribe formats.
I'd be willing to do the Met rankings.
I really don't get TdA not pinch hitting there.
Nah Cecil is the closer.
We can't turn double plays anyway.
Best game I've seen this year. Awesome all around.
Debatable.
FUCK YOUR DH
Damn what a break.
I'm okay with that. Just keep it in the ballpark.
His breaking ball was awesome tonight. It would be huge if he could step up and be a dominant eighth inning guy.
Niese and Colon the next two days in that ballpark against that lineup is less than inspiring.
At this point, I wish we had starters that could hit.
Too many walks. Bench that scrub. s/
I don't know why anyone in casting thought Mike Borassi was a good idea.
I would hate to see the jury come back and influence the final immunity challenge the same way I hated the jury winning the F4 immunity challenge in S7. Once you are voted out, you should have no place in the game until the final 2, where you get to decide a winner. That is plenty of power in itself. The jury doesn't need any more.
Fuck that, we never should've let Carlos Delgado go.
Jon Niese isn't a very good pitcher.
I'm pretty sure that if we lose this series we'll be mathematically eliminated.
You're right, the Wilpons really have to start turning it around at the plate. At least work the count or something.
We should trade Gee for Maikel Franco. Too bad Sandy is too afraid to make a move.
