The Dominion War arc was my favorite arc in all of Trek. I prefer the serialization. I think those two things gave the show a certain edge. You can see it in Ron Moores post DS9 show BSG. Everything just has a more realistic feel, and non-serialized shows are more for the casual viewer. I guess at that point they figured a large portion of fans who watched every week could handle a storyline that lasts longer than 44 minutes.
Yeah, Federites mimicing Klingon culture was always cringe, Sisko was the only one who could pull it off.
I prefer the instrumentals. Especially ones with a 2-3 second intro like Brocks and Ambrose.  Edit: At least I dont think theirs have lyrics, if they do I guess that shows how much I pay attention to the lyrics.
Lol, but you are blowing it out right? The air flow is detected by an electrical switch which switches to "off", which stops the current. It's the same concept, but we are in the middle of the "Forever" part of "Then, Now, Forever", so they are still trying to find a way to seamlessly integrate the technology. The Raw set/lighting is fucking bland, as long as we are talking about technology. Like look up 3D Projection or crazy light painting on youtube, I think WWE really needs to adopt some of that stuff. Growing up the pyro and entrance music played a huge part in getting me amped for the show, it's something that's missing and is being overlooked, imo.
For some reason that cape looks way better, even the spots.
You're so jealous. It's sad but also kind of cute (:
It just bugs me because Arthas was obviously being a cunt before they got to the mountain but that was like the final act that really just destroyed what little humanity he had left. I really liked the character of Muradin so it's not that I'm upset about seeing him again, it just kind of takes something away from Arthas' betrayal.
That's a good point. Although I don't think Gul'dan can ever really die.
Untrue. He is in a very secure financial spot and able to do whatever he wants *because* of this guys and everyone else buying his shit. He does have a responsibility.
Crap. My opinion doesn't matter though. As long as their data shows people aren't spending less because of it and also as long as they need the money they are saving off it is what's best for business.  But seriously Big 4 at least need their own sets. EC has its own set, which is the chamber itself.
I'd rather spend 9.99 to get the cards I need to at least be somewhat competitive
It's a way to play the game and win quickly which causes thousands of people to bitch because they can't alter the decks. To put it in perspective, is a ring out a victory in Soul Caliber? Yes. The person who gets ring outed then bitches about it being cheap because they didn't have the presence of mind to roll to the side.
Core hound is horrible because it gets outed by BGH with it's battlecry. I've won quite a few games with a tundra on the board. Saved my ass on numerous occasions, especially if you craft a couple Highmanes.
I honestly was expecting way way more. I think it would have been better suited for posterity to just show close up shots of her face and then the reaction shots from people in the arena. It killed the entire episode for me. And in 5 years it's going to look even worse. Look at something like HP: TDH where they use the dragon to escape from Gringotts, and that was how long ago? 5 years? And it still looks amazing. They should have bit the bullet and sunk a few more dollars into that scene.
I prefer clams.
I have been wanting to say something similar since last season. She's very one dimensional and honestly at this point in the series I wholeheartedly dislike her. I can't really put my finger on it.
I think it would be a nice match as far as "concept" but in practice it would be a somewhat boring brawl. I'd rather see KO/Lesnar as well but I doubt they'd risk that match-up at a WM. Too big of a chance to take on Owens at this point.  She was actually from here but her sister had moved there with her new husband so I guess she decided to go there after she freaked out.
I'd find this hilarious. Not something he can get fired over.
I understand what you're saying, if it was just some random dragon shot next week or whatever, yeah I see your point. But this is possibly the series defining moment, I think it's a little more important than you do, I guess. And yeah I know they had a lot more money but it was almost 5 years ago, usually the price for animation and such of a comparable nature go down over a time period like that.
I don't see it either, any normal human wouldn't turn away from that. The only thing I can think of is that they are downplaying it until the time of the official announcement to get the maximum pop. I mean why else would he say he's not going to do it? I get the whole playing for more money thing, I guess I just imagine Steve/Vince in a no bullshit kind of way. If that's the case then I'm sure Steve knows that Vince knows that Steve knows he wants to do it.
He fucked it up. Ideally it would have went  &gt;book it how smarks want it &amp; it'll become mainstream!!!  &gt;&gt;FTFY   Then maybe it would have been funny.
The dragons are still young and inexperienced, this was probably the first time he had to take on a group of humans at once, his first battle. He didn't even shoot flames from the air, he had to land first. I wouldn't really compare them to the super war dragons of her ancestors....yet.
Well. He would have had to have been close by all along. I got the feeling it was implied that she was doing some sort of psychic summoning.
Oh, so she's a god-figure of sorts? Ugh. I'm liking her less and less.
I have to disagree with the first part about their length of training. I mean seriously, go outside and pick up a stick and imagine 5 people standing around you trying to stab you. One on one yeah, but they looked outnumbered by at least 4-1, if not more.
Fucking apologist.
Understandable. Bringing her back could be absolutely the worst thing for her at this point. If she did do something to the princess I don't think she'd be long for this earth.
If it was in the books then I can see your point, but that scene didn't imply rape to me at all.
Ah, the religion of peace. Are you sure you don't want to try to use a Hitler reference to make your point? You're already half way there.
Good. That sub was a toxic shithole full of assholes. Good riddance.
I'm not down with that. Yeah free speech whatever, if you're gonna say hateful horrible shit you don't deserve the right to say it.
I honestly don't think it's the same. Posting pics of people from facebook or instagram with the first name and town/city visible, saying hateful things about how you wish people would be dead or die. No. I subscribed to the sub myself and it's not exactly "oh he's fat, haha, loser", it's that times a million.
If you mean "we" as in r/conspiracy, I assure you they wouldn't even blink and they'd be happy we are gone.
There are plenty of other sites, they just all suck. Try Voat, everyone thought everyone was going over there a few months ago. A shift like that happens organically.
You don't register and sign a user agreement when you walk into a bar.
I can assure you it happened. I'm sure the mods deleted it when they saw such posts but the place is a bastion of hate man. I'm sorry but no one will convince me a place like that deserves to exist on a privately owned site.   Edit: and even say they managed to get all those posts, people wishing for death and such is toxic and negative and keeps the whole human race down. Some people like to revel in hate.
I find the vileness of that particularly group of humans interesting. It's like watching a show about serial killers.
Because lots of people use it and the media runs on fear.
Or you know, any human on planet earth that enjoys pasta. But I guess you're right too?
Depends on how much money they make. If it takes off it's not going anywhere.
I don't think it's just the close range thing, at least with the SoH attack, they were outnumbered. I swear it's like no one has been in an actual fight. It doesn't matter how good you are, if you're outnumbered 5-1 and get rushed you're gonna get your ass kicked.
I don't think she was sobbing because she felt she was being raped. I think she was OK with it, she was just overwhelmed by everything and kind of freaking out.
Young and childless. Mmmm. Add hairless to that and we have an episode!
Disgusting.
They only say that because they feel it's what they are supposed to say. 90% of these cows yammering about how hot she is would say fat guys are gross.
Wow. That's so crazy man. Is that easy injury a sign of steroids?
I don't know about hundreds. Maybe a handful. But again a military skirmish is not the same as an ambush by militants in an enclosed urban setting. It's apples and oranges.   I'm sure I could provide as many examples of untrained crazies causing a huge headache for an obviously superior foe.
Robert's Rebellion is too big of a chance because you're losing so much of your main cast.
Yeah, I just don't see how all this shit can be tied up in one more season, at least not neatly.
Maybe don't use the same email for private correspondence and fan mail? He has time to review drawings for that dumb coloring book, he gets no sympathy from me.
