I've felt ever since reading Feast that she's just tragic. Not that I can sympathize or root for her, but I get the impression that she'd be perfectly content with a small life on a farm with kids, but there's no way she could ever have had it. When she dies, I hope she doesn't suffer long. Jaime will see to that.
Sorely underlooked fact, that.
Rebels flair, nice.
Of all the things to be proud of, you choose BP?
You're not in the minority, they were always terrible. Fucking low tempo "punk" music. I'll bet they get calluses from their guitar picks.
You kind of support the point you're arguing against - if it was a man, Kylo presumably wouldn't have any sexual urge. Because Rey is a woman, the threat takes on another layer.
I love that they try to stop drinking in Finland.
I turned the difficulty down a couple times too, but my experience was that the combat became even more rinse-and-repeat at lower levels. Ideally, the combat should require you to use a variety of signs, potions, bombs and swordplay in each encounter, with different aspects taking a more prominent role in different fights. While it didn't feel visceral and frantic like a good Souls battle, I thought The Witcher 3 excelled at making you learn how to use all your skills, rather than simply min-maxing your way to your favourite superweapon.
Probably closer to 8 unless you think he's going to start 182 games in a 162 game season. Realistically, 100-140 games.
The team could literally move to Tampa Bay and they'd still be ours. This is no time to go shelling out for something that expensive without a viable return. The whole deal stinks.
Yeah, you might need to tweak the formula a little to make it relevant to your community, but the concept of mentoring someone younger than yourself is universal. Doesn't necessarily have to be someone less fortunate than you, though it stands to reason that they would benefit more than someone who just needs a friend outside of home and school.   Please don't think that I was conflating being black with being less fortunate.
You're hilarious. This is the second game since the streak, it was over when you got to VAN. I expect you to recognize that no matter how many goals they lose by tonight, the Panthers are 12-2 in their last 14. That's not "the same fucking Panthers hockey" that you think it is.
It would've lost some of the charm of the reference made. And sounded funny, but not funny ha-ha.
It's a split based on more factors than that. Area code is arbitrary, geography and immigration less so.
I like them just fine, they're unique. The font, however, gets soaked up by all that orange. Needs to make the blue pop better, maybe dial back the white border.
Timeless. The word you're looking for is timeless.
Nothing wrong with that. I just want to actually know who I'm watching.
Who wants a little river hockey? I DO!
Then don't sweat it, browning the meat is not strictly necessary. Yes, it adds flavour and yes, that would be important if the meat were to be served on its own, but this dish already has plenty of flavour and any textural advantage of searing will be nullified by the stewing process.
Right where we want 'em.
I think we just did!
Underrated comment. More people need to read this and really consider what it's saying.
Now you're just making shit up.
Noted. Still stand by what I said though - the Flames aren't an easy win.
Okay, maybe the Flames will lay down for the likes of you.
If you stretch every day, you'll get some kind of results for sure. Their extent will be determined by how you challenge yourself each session - if you can touch the floor with your fingertips, aim for palms flat. You are certainly going to be more flexible; how much more is up to you. Sure, there's a limit, but you're not there yet.    As far as your goals, I would suggest replacing your cardio with HIIT in whichever form you'll stick with. You'll spend less time on it, you'll burn fat quicker, and you'll reap greater benefit to your cardiovascular system.
More curls. Volume. The right shampoo will take you places. Don't swing the weights.
Hitler was known for being hilarious though, so she still gets by.
You can levy that criticism towards any musician with an extensive catalogue, though. Kanye definitely works with a ton of people, but that doesn't discredit him at all. I think it supports the notion that he's a highly creative intellectual rather than a flash in the pan or a coattail rider as you imply (going so far as to say that he **was** a great producer and now he's not a producer at all. Why is it so hard for people to say, "I don't like Kanye's music but I'm not bothered by it"?
Honestly, I just did. You are the yin to my yang here man, I am as eternally fascinated by him as you are dispassionately unimpressed and I'm okay with that. I just can't ignore every instance of playa-hatin' and yours is perfectly off-base. It's completely true that he does a smaller percentage of his own production now than he used to, going by the ever-increasing number of co-producers listed. On some albums more than others, we even see him relinquishing the first production credit, on some tracks not even receiving co-producer. All that accounted for, he still has first production credits on the vast majority of his songs, and his upcoming album looks to carry on the trend. You're right to describe him as an orchestrator and I wouldn't be surprised to learn that his method features a healthy amount of "make it sound like this for me", but to insist that doesn't qualify as production is ignorant. Without Kanye in the booth, these incredible fucking albums don't happen.
Spoiler alert: you won't like it.  Edit: but I'm looking forward to your thoughts all the same.
Are the Ice Caps really worthy of your spite, though? What did they do wrong?
Hilarious in concept, though.
Yeah, that's what I wanted to see. Now if Gaudreau could get Scott the hatty, I'd be out of my seat.
You know you love it.
Good thing you're cute.
What do you have against nutritionists? Do you really think it's a bad investment on the team's part?  Edit: oh, I catch your meaning now. I assume that if the nutritionist/dietician showed some credentials, you'd be okay with it?
He should have had daughters.
ANY MAN DIES WITH A CLEAN SWORD, I'LL HYPE HIS FUCKING CORPSE!
That's more the fault of the writing than anything. The actresses aren't doing much of anything wrong, unless you don't like their accents.
She fucked him up on a bridge years ago, he'd go down ten times out of ten.
You should tell him that.
Yup. Can't help wanting it, but it keeps burning us.
Baseball isn't a morality play, it has definitive win/loss conditions. One team will deserve to win.
Tough talk from a Wild fan.
I root for him in hopes that people will give up the "whiner" narrative, or at least accept that at his best, he's THE best. I can hardly wait to see what he does when he retires.
I consider this your mission now.
Negative five, brand new game!
You're this close to a Cup, of course you're on edge. Just keep stroking, it'll all come together eventually.
Very good sportsmanship, except for the part where you wrote off your own team while they're leading on the road.
