&gt; 	Virginia at UCLA	12:30 p.m. PT	FOX  Whoh what?!? Huge surprise, thought for sure this was going to be the 10:30pm EST ESPN game. On one hand, we get Gus Johnson week 1 so HELL YEAH. On the other hand, was looking forward to UVA having to play at 10:30pm local time to counter us having to play at 9am local time last year.
&gt; Thurs. Oct. 22	CALIFORNIA at UCLA	6 p.m. PT	ESPN  ESPN will be lucky to get 50% attendance at the Rose Bowl. 6pm on a weekday in LA? Good luck...
I don't see what the big deal is?
Oh I thought it was due to the late-night (relatively speaking) kickoff time.
I don't think Disney has a spare Gameday desk not to mention all the talent just hanging around in Burbank.
Is that a thing? I've just always spelled it "whoh", but "whoa" doesn't look weird to me either.
Only two SEC games for ESPN gameday? Yeah ok....
DB is completely different because we have 5 returning starters for 4 spots, and an extremely stacked two-deep that Willis never cracked. I'm not worried or surprised by Priest's departure.
Beautiful color combo, and its a manual to boot. Only real negative I see is no iDrive.
That's just damn impressive
So a BUTT ran around without a shirt... seems normal enough to me.
I believe the equipment managers still do this (the cross-town flag football game during Beat SC week, not the equipment stealing).
Weird. I would have guessed they were high on something else.
+1 Capital One 360 for savings. Brick and mortar banks such as Chase and BoA give you &lt; 1/100 of ONE PERCENT interest of savings. Why anyone would have a savings account there vs. and online bank like Capital One is beyond me.
Can we please ban all links to bruinsnation [dot] com on r/cfb?
1M only because it's much more rare and they aren't making any more.
Do they offer coding aside from the products on their website? I'm interested in getting mirror folding coded.
Which is hilarious, because any developer who cares about lightweight performance uses Google Docs instead of Microsoft Office.
Exactly. I'm saying the excuse for 'older' people who use Windows machines and then mostly use their computer for Excel is hilarious because it's not like developers who use macs don't need spreadsheets too, they just use Google Docs.
this. no amount of cool nightlife is worth it if you're spending whatever free time you do have commuting.
long term argument is valid. good luck with your search!
Then I thank you for not being like the others.
Because 65 is an arbitrary number. The safest speed is the speed of traffic. RELATIVE speed differences between cars is what causes accidents and traffic jams. So if everyone is going 85 and you are going 65, you are the one causing a risk of accident and definitely creating a backup behind you.
I would assume Facebook has some cameras pointed onto the street. Having a HQ so close to EPA, I sure as hell would with that much money...
SEC would send 4 teams to the CFP because they only schedule cupcake home games out of conference AND have 4 OOC games, so they would all go 8-4.
I'm assuming this is a joke but I dunno how DG fares over there. In California DG is top-tier no doubt, but I'm guessing it's different out east.
I don't know the answer to that. I agree it's dumb if true.
Hundley is the obvious choice, so I'm going to go with Barr or Kendricks.
OP, that's a weird way to write "Open thread to bash Mark May"
Yeah you're completely right. We all may joke about how weddings on Saturdays in the fall shouldn't be scheduled and stuff, but you'd seriously be a horrible person for skipping the wedding of someone you love.
If you haven't caught "Snoop and Son" on ESPN I highly recommend it (no pun intended). Completely changed my perception of Snoop, he seems like a great father, certainly as good as possible given his celebrity status and attention.
wow that's like the definition of "too far"
only if he's brown
Yeah. Biggest difference here is that Snoop's son is actually a really good football player.
the 2 series is beautiful at a great price HOW DARE YOU
that sounds uhh extremely unsafe not to mention reckless and endangering others on the road
Black only looks good when done right and OEM (aka F80/F82 437M's). IMO the black looks really bad here, definitely silver.
&gt; has huddled and decided  This is what happens when a non-sports entity tries to write about sports
not sure if north or south rankings are more of a head-scratcher
whoh easy up there fellow bruin. We have as much chance of getting 1st place as we do getting 5th. Same with every other team except the Buffs (sorry guys :/). And Rosen hasn't proven anything yet.
Beautiful Sakhir Orange F80 ruined by some tacky mf
Doesn't matter if he can't make it from 51
Ok no I agree those ones were actually awesome.
Solution: DVR gameday. Then you can skip through commercial and Rinaldi sob stories, pause to watch 9am games, and come back at halftime to finish.
No worries, to be fair we are in a thread about watching CFB while cutting the cord so your point is certainly valid.
He will because winning a Natty is cake compared to getting P Diddy thrown in jail. He won't because Bill Synder placed a curse on him because he is a wizard.
You still have one semifinal conflicting with people going out on east coast, and people still at work west coast. Plus then one team gets an extra day to prepare for the NC.
Uh... The Rose bowl is nowhere close to "just like any of the other bowls".
The playoff had Jan 2, a Saturday (which is CFB day) and it didn't want to budge from its "NY6" concept. That's not the Rose Bowl's fault.
Too easy
