Broham whenever I post anything semi criticizing Manziel I get down voted to hell and deemed a "hater". It's a lot more than 5-6
Bitonio was a 2nd rounder. It's not like it's unexpected for a 2nd or 3rd rounder to contribute day 1 but u understand what your saying
Assuming Smith isn't hurt that bad, I wouldn't mind him or Bosa for the Browns.   If with their first two picks the Browns could snag two of the following three it would be great. Bosa, Smith, Thomas  And I'm not an OSU fan in the slightest
they need a pass rush as well
If you're gonna repost, you should prob wait at least a day
So if the wheels fall off the kart with the next guy do we fire then immediately to? I mean fuck why not keep Pett because it's not like we can get any worse
We need Tennessee to win
I want him or Jaylon Smith  (depending on how bad his injury is)
He has been playing a lot better the past few games
Gonna guess somebody from Bleacher Report
Can we see some Pryor at QB because why the fuck not
Please no
we go from "High School Mike" to "College Chip"...one more regime and maybe we will finally get an NFL caliber HC
Like I said, the whole "Pett has lost locker room" is just untrue. We just don't have any talent
He's not trolling. Anything that is anti-Manziel is not trolling.
I stand with Joe. Manziel should have at least been in the locker room to support his team
We also don't give coaches longer then two years to build a team. We never give a QB more than 16 games to develop. We have a Jerry Jones wanna be for an owner. Next to no play-makers on either side of the ball.   We will have this same conversation next year
Good, he belongs on the bench
I mean to be fair that was a time where everyone felt we were gonna go 9-7, 10-6, have a top 5 defense, and fight for a wild card spot.
Same old song and dance every year. I'll be waiting for your next statement next season
WHy is everyone hating on Marrone? Is it because he left Buffalo to try and find a better job?  record wise 6-10 in year 1 then 9-7 in year two seems like improvement in the right direction to me. Why the hate?
Built a too defense with the Bills, took the Lions to the playoffs...yes please
so leading the league in receiving while only playing 12 games isn't elite.  gtfo troll....or should i say u/740Buckeye??
I agree but he prob won't. He has no connection to the Browns move , so he has no idea how the fans felt so he prob has no sympathy
Day 1 dlc is just a fancy way of saying "hey look at this extra stuff that is already on the disc/in the coding that we are gonna charge you for"  Either finish the product or release the unfinished content 3 months later bigger and better than you and it envisioned.I dont want the unfinished content because it is by definition unfinished.
I would love Coughlin. Dick LeBeau is 78 and still going strong, why not Coughlin!
I think the majority of people want to draft Bosa.
Who cares? Manziel is as good as gone. Good riddance!!
I'd be interested for a 5th rounder or lower
God I would love to see a Kirk Cousins vs Brian Hoyer super bowl.
Stop with the Manziel posts. We have no GM no Coach, we just hired some fuck from Mets to do stuff in ours FO, and we have one of the strangest power structures in all of sports.   Yet you people still want to talk about Manziel?!?! It's not just you op, but who the hell cares? Seriously who cares. I get that he's fun to watch. I get that he's the sole reason TMZ is still a thing, but seriously who cares? I've never understood the fascination with Manziel. Never!
One of those players was cut, and the other was made inactive by the team. They were punished, what's your point?  Manziel has been more of a headache for this organization then the rest of the team combined
That doesn't change the fact that he is still a distraction. Just cause you ca name.other distractions doesn't make him less of a distraction.  Also there is a difference between a one time thing and somebody who has a new story pop up every 6 weeks
You know what your comment shows me? It shows me that we would go back to talking about the team and not one God damn plyer who has done next to nothing in this league.
But no other "franchise QB" that we drafted has ever gotten this much coverage. Frye, Weedon, Quinn, and McCoy combined didn't get this amount of coverage. Last season after Hoyer hot named the starter, reporters were talking about the "outside chance" that Manziel starts.   Maybe I'm just sick of the Manziel media circus. If he had come out of college and played at the same level as Luck, Rodgers, or Wilson I don't think I'd care as much.
I disagree that's it'd a forgone conclusion that the Titans don't take Bosa.  They are like us, they need a lot
I don't care
It'll prob inovleve a hot tub and a hand gun!!   I mean what else is left for him to do?
Johnny no...Billy has done nothing wrong!!
Isn't he bitching about not playing with his brother? What is this summer camp?!?!
Who?  Edit: not trying to be an ass. Seriously who is this guy?
To be honest I feel like flag on Pacman was kind of bullshit. Buffect should have been ejected though
Since 2009, the Bengals have 6 playoff births, have 3 division titles, and are 66-45-1. I would love for Lewis to come here
He's right. A lot of you wont admit it, but he is totally right. Coaches get 2 years max to take a team with no talent to the playoffs
yeah we wouldn't want a proven winner here now would we
i'd be willing to sign him on the cheap
where as a completely disagree with the idea that we don't deserve a winner, I completely agree with what you're reasoning
If we get him or RG3 on the cheap i'd be happy.
I feel like Zegura just reports the things that everyone already knows. Like if he were to vanish i don't think it would be noticed.
That pushes you over the edge of being a Browns fan? You put up with Manziel, the constant coaching carousel, and constant losing season but Kaperneck oh no not him. That's to far.   Really dude?
