You're my new favorite.   Hello, favorite.
No.. No parts are better.   They are all worse.  Much worse.
Omg if it made the same sound that would be fantastic.
Hey Bear Bros, in all honesty how do you feel about for moves the past two days? And draft picks?
Yeah I thought they were all weird picks, hopefully they develop though!
Hey man, you guys win a lot, and we (the leafs) lose a lot.   So.. It couldn't hurt.
Man, not this shit again.  What the fuck guys.. Hockey better, fuck.
He's our future. He's our king.
What the fuck hockey.
We playing like shit but we're winning.
Bitch you don't care about your clients.
Yeah I agree, just when I was embracing the tank too.
Hellebuyck the God-King, may he rule our city of ice for many years.
I want a stafftrick
I think that may have looked worse than it was.
Follow up question:  is Fucale not better than condon?
Man that's commitment.
Y'all don't like your coach?
Well that's a bummer for you guys.
I love your goal/win song
Like sort of but man that's a disappointing turn out.
Also, go leafs go!
Yeah I really didn't like your regular jersey but I love this.
Man that Ron Willson dude is an absolute clown.
Habs girls are hella fun.
Just tank one more year..that's what I want to do.
The NHL can suck a dick already.
Nah, just enough man.
I just really want Matthews tbh.
WHY DOESNT KARI JUST LETEMIN ALREADY!?!
Go Avs!  ...I guess.
Tell it like it is Randy!
THE HATE ONLY MAKES US STRONGER.
I'd like to see Ehlers score or something already.
FUCK YOU TOO BUD!!
EVERYTHING IS AWESOME.
What a waste of time.
Too much man.
SISLER SUCKS
Guy, you suck!
FUCK YOU IMMA COMPLAIN!!
Fight me
BE BETTER EHLERS, PLEASE
Fuck ESPN.
Suspended him, that was bullshit.
Not sure if you're serious or not..  But, to think the NHL is incapable of being shady is crazy in my opinion.  The concussion issue is a big one on this point.  The NHL for sure knew about head injuries and long term problems, but the easy option was to ignore the problem, untill the fans and the media started to get informed about it.  Then the league had no choice but to start to address the problem.
If the leauge is capable of ignoring serious health concerns they're capable of *suggesting* a relatively unimpressive player be traded.
NO!  No more of this "Red Wings find a diamond in the rough at 154th overall" bullshit.  Leave some for the rest of us.
I think that's just people's precipitation of any sharks player.
Idk why Pomo doesn't see that already.
