Superb.
Same. Shame to see him go East
Why did Button get a penalty?
The Libyan migrants are really pushing the boat out now.
We all know that we should be collecting them, giving them a shave and a meal and then sending them back to Libya. We're too soft though and soon there will be an influx of people coming from North Africa into this country which we can do nothing about. If you want proof that we're too soft, look at those stowaways that were found in Harwich dock recently. They were released and **given asylum if they wanted to stay**.  Of course they're going to take it, why do you think they've gone through all that. They should have been returned to the first safe country. But, we're too soft. Need a strong leader or UKIP will do better next time round. Whilst I don't agree that everything, like Housing and the NHS is because of immigrants they are the main cause. Especially when once the people are settled they can bring their family over I believe.
He'll stand as an Independent then switch to labour half way through.
There's is a reason those teams didn't qualify..  They weren't good enough.  32 is fine.
I really would love to see the Sun to be at the top of the Gerkhin.
The saltiness of Rubina Khan was glorious.
Baffled by those that think she should get custody. She abducted her son. If the father did this he would be done for kid-napping. Reading about it as well sounds like she has some issues and needs help.
Chocolate has gone downhill badly in this country.
If someone is provoking you then they're doing it for a reaction. The bigger people don't react because you will just get into trouble yourself. Let the other people make fools of themselves if they want, don't rise to it.
So,  I guess he reckons he has a mandate again? Fuck off you scrawly bastard.
Abandon the game. Would be the right thing to do.
New Zealand won't lose this now. Too settled. Reckon 303/5
I am assuming there are some police there. He can stop and get help from them.
Spurs would love him but I don't see Mourinho selling him to them.
Someone doesn't get satire.
Come on Bolts, make it go to 7.
If a referee does bad you don't a use your position on the pitch and make a scene. You accept it and move on. Make a complaint after. I don't agree with three months though. 3 games would be fine, as if it was a straight red for violent conduct, not that it was violent.
Would be great to see Root get a century as well.
Time for Root to get his century.
When things aren't going Neymar's way the toys come out the pram and the antics win. Was brilliant seeing Bacca shove him. You have a ridiculous amount of talent, don't do stupid things like this.
Swings and roundabouts with Neymar though. Kind've ironic. Wrong, but ironic.
They should get more money for working nights.   But on the BBC just now they said that the average train driver earns £50k, works a 36 hour week and have 43 days off!!
How do they know they'll come back with more? They might stop at £40m and go elsewhere. Should take it and run.
Cost. Cricket stadiums barely make any money as it is.
I get it being higher but 66 runs?
Another stupid shot, Stokes this time. Had two 4's in the over. Go for singles for the rest of it.
Close the roof for an awesome atmosphere.
I don't thin she is getting more money. Just it isn't being cut.
Anyone think that looked like a green screen behind the tv commentators?
Such a shame to see.  I suppose it could be worse than Serie D. Three promotions to Serie A?
Brilliant idea. Things like this will help get people interested and hopefully a T20 and One Day League will get made in USA.
So it is okay for India to do it to W.Indies but not for Zimbabwe to  India?
The film wasn't passed to police but I bet this will appear on their radar.
Messi to Real  Ronaldo to Barca  Figo but much worse.
There was an article were some stowaways on a coach were found. They were taken to the border force. I wonder what will happen to them......  They seem to always ask if they want asylum. Which, of course, they'll always say no. They're illegal. Clues in the name really.
How did Letang not win that? The guy had a freaking stroke.
This would be a horrible trade for the Penguins. Why would we trade Malkin for two players, who, as great as they are, are ageing. That just doesn't make any sense at all.
Why ar people saying Kings lost this(
If they collected their taxes they wouldn't be in this mess. Why should we let them off, to look nice? Fuck off, they owe money, we want it.
Pretty sure you can't release someone because they didn't train enough.
Penguins will be interested you can bet.
Ducks D looks good.
Except in Football you're not trying to get people to put you in power. Saying no-one likes you is just admitting defeat and won't do a lot to win people over. Instead of talking about the Labour party, talk about what you'd do that would go against the Tories. Challenge them.
Poor guy shouldn't be booed but it was pretty stupid not doing Rene Rancourt, the guy is the Bruins.
Yeah, he's been awful so far.
Was this filmed on a potato?  I mean, it's impressive, but not the best quality.
Well, being honest, does anyone trust ANY politician, regardless of party.
