Clyne was our MotM.  Skrtel was MotM overall.  Please Roy, stop taking Lallana off.
I wouldn't feel so bad about it apart from I feel like 25% of the people who votes leave are chavs who are probably sat outside the shop right now with a can of cider who just hate immigrants and think voting leave will mean "people can have jobs again" even though they have no intention of working anyway.
So of the 30 areas with the oldest population, 27 voted leave.  Of the 30 areas with the least graduates, 28 voted leave.  Of the 30 areas who "identify themselves as English", 30 voted leave.  So the old and stupid are our leave voters.
I know, I know. I don't. Unfortunately the people at those rallies are your leave voters though. Not all of them, but they're there.
So of the 30 areas with the oldest population, 27 voted leave. Of the 30 areas with the least graduates, 28 voted leave. Of the 30 areas who "identify themselves as English", 30 voted leave. So the old and stupid are our leave voters.
2017 is already better than the whole of 2016.
Not sure what game you watched but we never looked tired at any point during that game.
6 &gt; 5. We closed a gap. I didn't realise you get automatic 3 points for games in hand these days.
Yeah we should have gone out and signed some players in October. Fucking Klopp.
I'd say our games were pretty equal. Home to City and away to Sunderland. Home to Stoke and away to Spurs. If we gain a point on you after an equally hard set of fixtures for both teams it can only be seen as positive.
I would have been too, that smile he gave while saying he was happy was the sort of maniacal look you get from someone who's pissed on a night out right before he smacks you.
Because you'd sound like a cock saying that. Just call it fucking exaggeration and stop being pretentious.
Seriously. Why couldn't all the games just be played tonight and tomorrow at 7:45-8pm? It's an extra days rest for most teams and something most are used to with Saturday games and Champions League/League Cup fixtures midweek.  Baffling.
Hmm.. What did I fail on in that question.
I didn't even realise this was a thing. Is gold that important? You'll gain gold just playing every day anyway. Seems pointless to me.
You don't have to play it on turn 1. Sometimes it's good to just hold it back a few turns to get the guaranteed heal and trade off with a minion/weapon charge.
Some people just want to watch the ~~world~~ sausages burn.
Chancey is so broken lol. Silence &gt; Divine Spirit &gt; Inner fire. It'll most likely stick for a turn or two as well to give time to buff it.
Fuck it, call up James Milner to England then because fuck him if he wants to retire, he has to play. While we're at it include Shearer, Gerrard and Beckham too the lazy fucks.
I thought Phil Jones and Rojo was your best partnership?
If FM had stats up to 100 Super Robot James Milner would be 100/100 for penos.
I think the universe would implode.
A bigger joke was Rooney not even seeing yellow for a red card tackle.
A couple penalties I think though, definitely one for us. Not so bad if they're peno's/free kicks.
They play different fucking positions. You can't compare the two.    And if you could, Toby is better. Spurs need to worry less about keeping Alli and Kane and worry more about Real/Barca knocking for Toby. Fucking immense that lad.
I think it was "did you just use the word fam and make yourself look like a brainless retarded cunt?"
I liked the explanation until you randomly threw you were f2p into the post. I don't really care about whether or not you're f2p.
That must be the voice actor. Like there's no way that isn't him.  Or one of those pro mimics.
Why have you brought this into my life? Now I have to find an excuse why i'm not going into town tonight because I really want to browse /r/spacedicks.
Klavan should never have been given a second yellow.
The ref didn't even give a foul. If he did anything again this situation would have had no bearing on it.
So the referee is corrupt? Got you.
We launched a few long balls into the box in injury time like any team would because we didn't have time left to play our normal game is my point. Opposition is irrelevant when you're into injury time with no time for plan A.
I dunno, Mane is pretty impossible to play against when he's on it.
It's such a hard 4 to rank, but I wouldn't put Bobby at the bottom. The lad oozes class. Although if you'd have said the same sentence and replaced the players I probably would have argued with it. No idea how i'd rank them.
He's our top league scorer now though. I reckon he can hit between 15-20 this season, which is a great return for him  considering how/where he plays.
I know he's a different position than Bale but why shouldn't we hold out for that amount of silly money? There's not that much between them ability wise in my opinion. Cout is still progressing and is 3 years younger, and (usually) stays fit.
I'd honestly just rather do The John J. Keeshan questline from Redridge over and over than some of the other boring stuff.
God help this fucking team when we play in Europe next season. Which is looking more like Europa than Champions League. They can't handle two games in a fucking week. Absolutely pathetic week of "football" from us. I have faith in Jurgen but i'm so angry at him for that team today. We needed to spank these lot for confidence, but no let's give Connor fucking Randall a run out. Joke.
Don't be getting people's hopes up lad it's nothing like your one. In fact that sensible "whats wrong with todays football" thread came from one of those interviews I think.
I'm complaining about that because we needed a win for confidence. Not let's give Connor fucking Randall a game because why not? I love Klopp but today was a disaster from start to finish.
Why he thought Connor Randall could ever do a job is beyond me, I think most of us recognise him as League 1 standard at best. I've nothing against the lad he's just never going to be good enough for us.
Joe Gomez could have done a better job there and play Matip. He's had 4 weeks off.
I think if we don't get a good start we start to panic way too much. And if a team scores against us before we score it's good fucking game because then they just sit back and hit us on the break when we lose the ball on the edge of the area with 8 men in your half.
I often wonder if we looked at this shit 10 years ago and found it acceptable quality?
He wasn't worth £50m then and he never was. Euro's hype put the price up plus he's almost 30.
Think he's just thrown a bit of a fit at the way the season has gone. Probably had his head turned by the mere mention of all these amazing clubs after him in the summer that never materalised too.
kys should be the next "gg ez" nerf.
Yes pls.
He did sort of change that for the last couple games though. Two up top vs you men and West Ham and we scored 7.
