You know.... Part of your dating problem might be your approach.  You aren't supposed to literally hang your pole out until one grabs it.
Like roommates you sometimes snuggle with, but they never help with the bills.
When you think only women and people of color can be victims of racism/sexism, you're sexist/racist.
I think YouTube should make it policy to never put ads before that vid. Just ruins the whole thing.
Or, possibly, it could show both groups that neither group is bad as a whole, and both can be victimized.
Yup. Mmm-hmm. I'd get deathly in her hallows, or something.
Sort of true, sort of not.
Out extreme? No, nobody "out extremes" Fox News. They are the original cable "News" station created explicitly to promote an agenda.  All the others are just riding their coat tails.  It was more a joke than an actual belief.  Just pointing out a classic case of "Whataboutism" that I see any time someone besmirches Fox. Just because "the other side" does it too, doesn't make either "side" right in doing so.
Given the choice between a black crackhead and you, I'd take the crackhead. At least he's got an excuse for being a shitbag.
This thread is full of people who can't accept/comprehend that there are multiple reasons for everything, and every situation is different. Society is complex.
I'd buy it.
It'll probably get more dates though.
Why were you in such a rush to name them?
Beat me to the pun. I bet with your quick wit you'd be able to trick someone into painting a fence for you.
Pretty sure the Irish skew this. They all die from booze, but have eleventeen kids first.
No. Just no. He does a 90 into the flips and finishes the other 90 at the end to land it. Quad flip 180.
Pretty sure that was the joke that went over everyone's  head.
He shoulda shot first.
Haha, Lana, I know what irony is. But language evolves over time.  :automatic weapons fire:  *Goddammit Archer! Now is NOT the time for a debate on language semantics!*
You and I go to different random parties...
If it makes you feel any better, I personally hate cocaine.
And who are you to say trees don't have a consciousness? I don't mean that in a purely hippie woo-woo way, but in the way that consciousness is ill-defined and a very contentious subject at best.
Says "GimmeCandyandCuddles." Stay away from my kids... (Edit: that's a joke. Sarcasm. Haha. Thought it was obvious enough.)  But seriously, it's true. Anything a guy does with little kids is "suspicious" but gaggles of women can basically grope them and it's just "motherly."
While I agree with the sentiment, no, just no. That place is a shithole of the same kind as the "feminist" places on tumblr they hate so much.
They "knew" the sister, but it sounds like OP is the more trustworthy one here. Maybe less paranoia is a good thing. The world is safer than ever and yet we continually shelter kids more and more and constantly assume the worst.
I understand. Imagine a group of guys looking at a picture of a naked little girl like "omg! Look at the cute little labia! She's gonna be a maneater some day!"
Oooooo, stranger danger!  Back to the old "kids are much, much more likely to be hurt by known adults and relatives than *scary strangers*" truth...
Yes, sandwiches can be like a drug a too. Food addiction is a thing. People do overindulged in eating for the serotonin response. That's one of the big causes of obesity.  Yes, people do have sexual withdrawal. Never seen somebody get irritable or irrational after a "dry spell?" People do damage themselves and others through consensual mutual pleasure sometimes.  And lastly, you're right. Just about anything can be abused and overindulged in. But that's more of an argument against the scapegoating of drugs than the realities of sex.
Once you go white, you go "Meh, I've had better."
Whole half whole whole half whole whole, for us depressed folks.
Meh, I'd have agreed a few years ago, but since moving to a warmer climate, I find 85 to be about perfect. Unless it's in the South. Then 85 feels like a jello filled oven.  Over 100 is where shit gets lame, unless there's a cool river nearby. Then it's perfect again.
Always.  I mean, the ego is the only thing "big" about them.
What do you get when you mix a straight guy and a straight girl?  Kids.  Badump-tisssss.  Yeah, I think it needs some polishing.
Muh rights!
The opposite. I specifically said it was a useful emotion.
That's insulting to dicks. Just call him a Putin.
I doubt he cares what we call him.
Off topic, but do you hate Muslims, or are you a hater that is Muslim?
Sounds like a bad translation of an opening monologue. I'll allow it.
That was more like the First Order trying to out do the Empire.  I'm just glad Abrams took the hint about lens flare.
I'm sorry...you were saying? I was lost in those eyes and freckles.
I don't agree with you, but she is still a very beautiful woman. The singing helps too.
Yeah, my main problem with it was the lengths it went for "realism."  Realistic/near future scifi is a very hard genre to get right. It's hard to suspend disbelief when it attempts to stay somewhat grounded in current reality.   That and the whole surfing the edge of a black hole thing.
I've seen my 40 y/o BIL throw a micro fit because In N Out had a "no vaping" sign, using the same phrase, so I believe it.
And you completely misunderstood his comment.  Pot, kettle, black.
In my experience, some cats hate it, some love it. The ones that hate it will spell it out for you in your own blood.
Dude. Imagine the milk steak that would make! Boiled over hard, of course.
/r/truecels is the true creepiest place on reddit.
It is time efficient if you look at the other productive things you are doing with that time and energy.
No time like the present to learn! If you're gonna drive a bus, you gotta be able to talk to it. :)  Points are like a little switch in the distributor that trigger the spark for the plugs. They need to be checked, adjusted or replaced every few thousand miles.  Get yourself a manual and start studying.
