Thanks def deliver please! I want to go see the movie but I just need a good review from the general public like YOU please deliver OP
Hahahah!!!! The suffering and torture I endured on the snes!
Damn your genius! Up vote for you!
I hope so!!!
yea i think this is credible source RIP!
I need to taste this beer!!! ASAP
I see ney and el haddadi as the big players today with masche iniesta and pique as good support! I would love to see MaTs get a clean sheet for the club today! Visca barca!
Ughh dont even make me remember that shit!
Thank you for leaving my candy flavored ejuices alive!
Messi&gt;Bravo sorry!
no they dont throw tp down the drain.
Unpopular opinion..but them refs are making me dislike la liga games...
Shit 2 years damn...that season was like no other!!
Add a /s so you dont get downvoted i know sarcasam when i see it lol!!
That was pathetic...i would give him a yellow!!!!
And french Viva La resistance....!
Shitty? You are rich as fuck for having that neo geo!
give props to MaTs one of the best goal keeping i have seen this season he was everywhere!
Gonna get the baby beast for valentines day sale should i get the rba deck or use the coils that smok makes? Everyone is hyping this tank for a long time and i want to get it now.
Fuck these 4th world countries!
Cavs missing Della Le can't win it himself!
Man $20 for 12 months is cheap plus free retro games can't beat that! I hope it's full covfefe!
Navas man!!! I give him that he's a good gk
That bicycle kick goal was insane!!! Love champions league finals like this!!
Called it on the over!!! Cash me out my coin!
Probably most certainly cancelled
What if the Valverde Era of Barca bring back to back trebles to the club would that be better than RM winning the CL twice in a row?
This sounds promising!!! Bring back tiki taka tactics back messi on the wing!!! If barca gets the treb back next year valverde will be goat!
Trading turan to aquire Dimaria...i don't like this Di Maria would churn up the locker room and turn it into a rivalry within team mates...
Lucky!!! Love the old logo!
Word all hell will break loose if he comes to barca, so much bad blood! I don't know what messi is thinking!
I think only in the states!
It depends how much the pool has in total you probably will see something on tv saying your winning horse with all the horses that are racing tomorrow will pay so and so. Like 3&amp;1 will pay 40 3&amp;2 will pay 23 3&amp;3 will pay so and so....like i said it depends on the pool
Food trucks are the best!
I need Messi and Neymar to talk to the splash bros!
Suavecito....little by little! Let's catch up GSW!!!!
THIS GAME IS REFALIERS!!!
😭😭😭 I want to believe in the perfect streak!!!!! :toaster emoji:
20 points man! I hope the d and o comes alive! It's needed!!!!
What a game for refeliers!!!
they love their alternate facts!
yankees rollin through!! and still on top of the division! i dont see no stopping!!!!
Make this a big inning for us nyers please!
Should have stayed in 3rd....
OK Now its the Defense job!!!! I want this Win SOOOO BAD!!!!
Time to pray again damnit.....I hate these west coast games!!!
ARE U FUCKING KIDDING MEEEEE
Bingo! You know it I just want a taste of guates cheap liquor here in the states!
Yea I heard that stuff is like cusha...but it can't be worse than venado...venado is like drinking straight rubbing alcohol hahaha....
Yessss! 2nd half I like how they are playing!
