Your doing yourself a disservice by playing without a joystick.   A hotas makes a world of difference
If you knowingly keep that information from someone,  that's an absolutely terrible violation of trust, and I would consider someone who does that to be the lowest form of human being.     I don't know what country your in,  but in my country that's illegal as far as I know,  and for good reason.
The wings of 4 pythons interdicting and killing single commanders is pathetic.    Elite Dangerous : assholes in space
Gta v style insurance.     Someone murders you,  they bite the cost.   It's how insurance works in the world.   Discourage pointless murder,  be good reason for the thousands of solo traders to play open.
To get solo traders in open,  you need to reduce the number of pointless murders.     Changing the insurance so the killer pays the rebuy,  may help reduce the chances of a trader getting killed by another player just for fun.
She has an awesome ass.
I like the word "respected".  Thinks back to getting jumped and murdered last week by cosmic state goons
I don't see how an hour of bounty hunting only got you 40k.  Even a wanted sidewinder can be that much.   With a cheap kws,  you should be pulling in 20x that in an hour
Tossing mild insults and then telling someone to be diplomatic.... Ha
In all my time I have never bothered to visit a belt cluster.     I have always been disappointed with stations.   The outposts and orbis star ports have some variations,  and the coriolis has 2 variations.... It's so boring.   Every system feels the same.     I'd like to see shipyards,  slave stations,  giant military outposts,  solar generating stations,  deep space research outposts,  huge recycling barges that drift around systems...massive faction star bases.   Giant space scrap yards.  Games like X have lots of variety and the universe feels alive.   Elite feels very empty.
Experiences like this are rare,  but great to hear about.
Don't be a sore looser.    If you run from a pirate,  your asking to be killed.    When your pirated,  you either submit to the demands,  negotiate your way out,  or run and die.      100% of the time I pirate someone,  if they responded to communication things go well.   And most of the time,  if the player I pirate makes a case for it,  I let them go with only a few units of cargo.    Of the 4 people I pirated last night,  one ran,  and I left him crippled.   One I only asked for 2 units because he had a bounty and was a new player,  the other two I let go free because they made a case for it.
Piracy is a negotiation.   If you have to forcibly take the cargo,  you have done it wrong.
Waaah waaah  Killing is OK.  Stealing is OK.  Corrupting entire star systems is OK.  Galatic war is OK.  Slavery and drugs are ok.   Espionage is totally over the line?   This adds to the experience.   Go toss wet blankets somewhere else.
Turrets are terrible,  the damage reduction is brutal.   Fixed is best,  gimball is the most practical.   The viper is by far,  a better ship,  and it's hard to outfit it poorly.   I enjoyed a mix of beams and multicannons,  but I also enjoyed a full multicannon build aswell as running pure rail guns.
Google a video.   Any description wouldn't do it justice.   Also,  Diablo 3 on console is actually really good, much better than pc.
Your statement that America only does what you claim is prejudice and ignorant.    I see just as much positive about America as I see them slamming others.
Your ignorant to suggest that all Americans do that.     And yet most other countries like to do the same thing towards America
Medical yes,  recreation no
More tits
Ten points good sir
See her tits often in true blood.... Only reason to watch that show.
I mean,  see true blood for her outstanding acting talent. Not for her gap teeth and amazing buttermilk tits.
These people clearly have never known how glorious girl on girl porn is.
Like others have said,  the viper is probably the best one.
In Ontario we generate less than 0.05% of our power from wind and it's costing almost the same as the other 99.05%
Nope,  I made that up.     But,  Ontario has spent something like 100 billion on wind power and it has never,  ever,  generated even 1% of our used power.    That and we pay the companies that operate the windmills 3-5x per kwh than we do nuclear or gas.     We have one of the most powerful generating stations at Niagara Falls sitting idle.   We have so much excess power we PAY northern states to take it from us.     We regularly pay Bruce power to vent the excess heat from the nuclear stations because we are not using them.   Costs hundreds of thousands.   Wind power has bankrupted Ontario.
I would sing them to death.
The French did it better.
Story of my fucking life.
As someone who has played a decent amount of Mexico and fuso games,  the warspite has always been an easy target.    It lacks the forward firepower to front gun charge,  and if it tries to use its rear guns,  I always punish it with the Mexico or fuso.   If used properly it can be a brawling beast,  but more often than not,  I put it down easily.     I have only ever been killed by a warspite once,  and it came in to deal a 7k deathblow to my nagato as I was fighting a tirpitz and being bombed.     It's not a bad ship,  and it looks great...but it's not better than other ships in its tier and I find the fuso and Mexico drastically outclass it.
Well said.   I admit I didn't read it all,  but when your high enough to fight a lex,  you should know your not helping by chasing after a cv.   All your doing is being a selfish dick chasing a kill.    This is a class based team game.   If you don't do your job,  everyone on your team gets a loss,  and at that tier,  it's costing people credits.     If you wanna be a tool and chase cvs,  play coop or training room.
All the big banks.    They are fucking everyone
As it was in life.    It's like bring you pet to work day... Everyone else brings cats,  dogs or turtles,  and Japan brings GODZILLA!
You mean ignorant American girls.    The rest of the world isn't as narrow minded as you think.
Impressively stupid comment sir.     I'm curious how you have Internet,  but no knowledge of soap.   The rest of the world has known how to keep clean for over a thousand years without mutilating our dicks.
Just because you are incapable of keeping yourself clean, doesnt mean the rest of the world has not....but I shouldnt bring them up, because all non-american girls have AIDs as you claim....Real shame, especially with all those platinum blonde Scandinavian women.      You poor, ignorant boy.
Yah,  haven't seen the video in a bit.   Guy is still brutal.    They should track damage done to team and ban accordingly.   But it's not even Matt just killing players.... It's firing torps at friendly players forcing them to evade and often exposing them to the enemy.
Being frustrated is what ranked is all about.   Otherwise they would let us use divisions.   Forcing strangers to work as a team in a zero mistake match is a lesson in pain.
I think his point is that you will see some with 1000 games experience,  and some with 5 games in total.   When anyone can buy their way into a tier8 ship,  your going to find loads of players who are bad,  exponentially more than you will with any other tier8 ship.    For the most part I agree that lots of tirpitz players are terrible,  more than any other t8 battleship.   I am in agreement that for the most part,  it's shitty players with an excellent ship.    Of course there are lots of skilled players too.   As for the citadel,  I agree with the op.   I have over 2,000 matches in this game and I can count on one hand how many citadels I have gotten on the derpitz.
its fucking brutal.  premium ships costing nearly $100
Both are great ships,  but if you want the better combat vessel,  the atego is your boat.     Every boat can be great in the right hands.   If the atego was in the tech tree,  she could be a t9, at the least she is the best t8.  The Russian feels to me like a mid t8 to a top t7.  The Russian looks great though.
Atego   The Russian is a distant second,  the Atlanta shouldn't even be considered.
We have a hydro grid thats hardly being used.  We pay others to take our excess.  cut hydro rates to everyone, and even more to businesses.  Take GM in Oshawa.  Offer them free Hydro for 10 years on the condition that they run that plant at full capacity and at industry standard wages.  Boom! over 50,000 good job.  take a grocery store for example.  lets use made up numbers but lets pretend they pay $100,000 a year in hydro.  Reduce that cost to $20,000 on the condition that of the $80,000 saved, they would have to put $40,000 of that saved money into employee wages or new workers....On the books they still save $40,000.   It may seem like its just a circle of the same money, but our interest rates mean an overall savings and its a stronger tax pool.  our hydro capacity is basically free stimulus.  Instead of trying to get water from stone, use it to encourage growth.    but hey, Wynne is a fucking idiot
If they bring out the Bismarck,  they will just give it better dispersion.
Your not giving them more money.   To give that raise,  companies have to raise prices.   Everything else inflates.  What good is making twice as much if everything doubles in price.    If it costs $15 to have a worker pick a bucket of apples,  and suddenly you have to pay him $30 for that same bucket of apples,  you have to increase the prices.    So if the apple cost $1 before,  now it costs $2.     And your thinking "OK,  so no harm,  everything increases equally"   but it won't.   It increases exponentially.   Higher tax rates.  Take your burger at McDonald's.   It cost $2 before,  but it has to increase to cover the double wages of not only the burger flipper,  but that of the cashier,  cleaner,  delivery driver,  taxes across the board etc.   That $2 burger doesn't goto $4, it ends up going to $5 or $6.....and then the system crashes.      Raising the min wage hurts more than it helps.
It was a good movie,  but I don't think it was anything to write home about.    It was a big movie and it came out right at award time...   Mad max I thought was the best movie in the past 5 years.
Kathleen Wynne   Aside from destroying the Ontario economy and leading the world's largest non sovereign debt,  all while being openly corrupt and under half a dozen criminal investigations.... But she is the most fucking ugly person on earth.   How that wretched pig smiles as she tells millions of people that she is taking all their money makes me want to vomit.    I want to punch her in the face with a train.
I know my country,  Canada,  will not be involved.    My glorious leader will declare his allegiance to ISIS  and use every dollar we have to bring every extremist to our land for a giant new years Eve party,  Germany style.
I'll be stabbed by an extremist for making goat-fucking jokes about Mohammad.
