The President: Dang nabbit not on an election year!
I'm wondering if it has too to be a living planet. What about Mars or Mercury?
Definitely. Whether its Star Wars or some other fictional universe its always good to know that there is something familiar to go back to every once and awhile.  Poor Lucas. His hearts always been in the right place.
That makes a lot of sense actually... I don't think she ever specifically says she made it, just that everything there was super advanced.
Hot damn. I've seen a ton people take the OPM theme and put it over a new background, but yours is handily the best. Kudos man.
I think it's implied that gems have some sort of religion, because of the moon goddess statue and all that business. From looking at it, it seems to be humanoid and is *holding* a gem, rather than having one on its body. I've always had an inkling that the lunar sea spire might have some significance we haven't heard about, or not, who knows. It's also worth noting that MAGIC exists in this universe so literally anything is possible.  Maybe they were created by the Sneeple or some other extra-dimensional beings...
I kinda miss the "monster of the week" format they used to have. I mean, the plot-heavy arcs are awesome, but I'm not a fan of the "impending doom" style of motivation to move the plot forward.   A little more focus on the alternate timeline human culture would be cool too. I'm really curious about this Empire City... and Ocean town... Keystone Caverns...
I dunno, I feel like they nailed the neck too.
Well, from a storytelling standpoint it seems like a convenient way to make Thrall less  of an all powerful Mary-Sue character.   As for the logical reason, I feel like we don't have enough context. Maybe they're trying to tell Thrall that Garrosh wasn't his fault or that Thrall shouldn't rely so much on their power.  Maybe he's just out of mana.
Get to at least level 60 and pick up two professions. You'll learn to play, commit to the class you want, and get the one of the better leveling experience. 1-60 is pretty fun, but 70-85 is a bit of a slog. 85-90 is pretty good and 90-100 is probably the best overall.
It's obviously satanic and occult imagery designed to brainwash our society's children to be godless pagan heretics that worship witchcraft and superstition. [I mean come on guys.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ0sZ2Or9oc)    *Heavy sarcasm* Just in case.
We're all just pawns to The Lich King's ultimate plans, however, convoluted or long term they may be. I see The Lich King as an entity that is separate from Ner'Zhul, Arthas and Bolvar, maybe like a melding of all their different personalities, with Ner'Zhuls being them most dominant. Bolvar might be keeping him in check for now, but I feel like its a battle that will ultimately be lost.  To sum it up, I think that's The Lich King talking, not Bolvar.
I could see them coming back when Legion forces invade old zones. I mean, what else would they do? Drop armies of level 110 demons into a level 30 zone that is supposed to take place 5 years ago?
I mean, I'm pretty sure hair doesn't ripple like that. Also, gem clothes are part of their bodies so wouldn't it technically be her hair anyway?
I think the conversation Garnet and Pearl had when they were about to be smushed is pretty telling. Even though she is independent by Pearl standards she's still more of the take order type rather than the give order type.
Two things.  We need someone to put together a gallery of these. I hope this trend continues.
Eh, the college she went too was pretty racist too. It's more like she went on a study abroad trip and came back as a self righteous activist.
True, what I'm trying to say is its a team that everyone should have, since it can obliterate most things in the game.
Why not both?
I mean, the episode where he finds the tape was kinda like him meeting her. She never got to meet him, but at least he got to see what she was like other than just seeing pictures of her.
I think you'll find that electricity comes in a variety of colors.
Creative liberties aside, very nice work.
And yet Teen Titans GO! Is a thing and incredibly popular. Still I feel like the ratio has gotten better. And anything is better than that reality TV phase CN went through... Dark times...   Couldn't be more stoked for the new Samurai Jack though. That was a masterpiece that deserves a proper conclusion.
The fire keeper reminded me of original timeless isle where you basically had a third faction running around killing people. Then they ruined it with an item that let you transform without being part of the third faction. : /
What are you talking about? Timeless Isle was only for max level players, meaning everyone would have been the same level. Thats what made it interesting because you could only earn the bloody coins on the Timeless isle. Then they ruined it by making an item that let you get bloody coins anywhere in the game and let you stay allied with your faction.
I agree, but I wouldn't put it past *certain* individuals in the Blizzard hierarchy.
Someone obviously doesn't understand how female armor works. The more exposed the higher your AC duh.
People these days feel like it's the only solid conclusion to a characters is to kill them off. Personally I disagree, killing a character is usually lazy storytelling unless it has some significance to their character. Like a coward sacrificing himself to save his friends or a villain dying because they're arrogant.
Blizz has never made a game or expansion where they didn't cut something. It's part of the process. Chances are we would just bitch about it for some other reason.
It's one of the reasons I find the show so satisfying. We don't necessarily have good and evil, we have groups with dramatically different perspectives. Even better we get to see the "villains" start seeing things from a different viewpoint and change their way of thinking.
I would say it's the closest equivalent. It's the most intimate two gems can get so draw whatever conclusion you will.
Maybe Diamonds take a real long time to reform and it's like a bacta tank. Or maybe she was shattered. Or maybe the other Diamonds wanted her out of the picture. Or maybe it's an alien entertainment system, at least they aren't playing "computer games."  All of these are probably wrong, but if it's right I will gloat soooooo much.
Cause, ya know, Star WARS couldn't possibly be a war film.
Tell that to your son.
Wow is probably the most solid mmo experience on the market. It has some faults but I'd choose it over any other.
Welcome to America, where built in portion control is a feature worth paying extra for.
A portion of it is definitely Lapis' catharsis.
Mother. Fucking. Tenure.
Let's build a wall to keep those assholes off of our planet.
My best guess: no one at the publication watches/cares about the show. They probably saw there was a discussion online about it and tried to weigh in for some views. Not to mention that all of the quotes are from other publications.  There's a chance they just cobbled this together by reading other articles and watching part of the episode. Would explain the incoherent synopsis.
I'd agree with you, but, fucking curling.
You sir, you are the hero this world needs.
Wow, no Mei? You bastard.
Tell those assholes to turn their shit music down. Most of the time they're older than I am.
Yeah, but how much budget does Orc costume really need? You need what, a couple of bones and some green paint? Other than that an Orc costume is just being mostly naked.
I mean... They're basically the same game if you rreeaaalllyyy think about it.
That and the actual game is as fucking ridiculous as it is in the show. So many one to two turn draw my whole deck instant win combos.
Shit like this is why I only tank during leveling now.
Jesus Christ, why is this so funny?
Only if Dwayne Johnson gets to be Uther.
