Strength training at this age is priority number one, reason being is that she's been losing muscle mass for over 20 years.  It can be reversed but not time to dilly dally.  In addition her bone density is probably for shit, very common with woman and older people in general and strength training will help increase her bone density.  This is really important as a broken bone can be the difference between living at home or living in a nursing home.  Obviously cardio is great but she can get this by taking a walk every night after dinner, the gym isn't necessary.  Honestly a good linear progression weight program with squats (think about the trouble older people have getting out of chairs/couches) and deadlifts scaled to her current abilities would probably be best for her.
I know lots of masters athletes that do plyos but they also can squat a lot of weight.  The Russians used plyos to eek out an extra percentage or two out of there high-end athletes.  This after they eek out everything they could from weight training.  What drives me crazy is weak athletes doing plyos they are just setting themselves up for injury, they should be squatting.  Plyos shouldn't really be done until you can at the very least squat your own weight.  I think a lot of people think they should be doing plyos because they see it on TV and because Crossfit.
that's the point, companies skirt around their beloved excuse of supply and demand by rigging the system (via paying off the government) and bringing their supply from another country(s)
GO TO CLASS!  schedule your classes in the afternoon if you can, while 8:00am seems fine in Highschool it's painful in college.
Don't believe the hype.  We have lots of talented tech people in the US.  What we don't have is cheap, talented tech workers.  But yes there is work but don't kid yourself as soon as they can figure a way to offshore development those jobs are gone.
Give me a break.  You can't get 60% of the population to vote, do you really think they will revolt.
If you are in support remember you are really in customer service, just like a waiter in a restaurant.  Be nice, be respectful and do your best.  Don't be a dick.  Grow a thick skin you will be called an asshole by everyone.  One last thing there are many ways to do something and your way is one of them.  Don't ever say, "the last guy didn't know what he was doing", that is an amerature move, just say "This is interesting".  You reputation will go a long way so protect it.   One last thing, long ago I was told my biggest problem is I make things look too easy.  Don't do this, if they expect something to take a week and you can do it in an hour, take a 4 days to let them know you are do.  If it look easy even if it isn't people won't value it.
Well stripping the family of their wealth is stupid but it begs the question what is the intent of the sentence.  If it is to rehabilitate him back into society, the the punishment should probably be an anger management class and maybe AA.  If the sentence is meant to punish him so he doesn't do something stupid like this again then the fine should be high enough to cause some pain and the public service should be working with/for peasants long enough that he learns either respect for all people or the ability to keep his mouth shut.
I agree about the jail time, the people would end up picking up the tab, he'd be released as soon as he was booked (seems to happen to every rich person in LA) or he'd go to a private country club prison where he'd work on he tan and tennis game.  In this case I believe the sentence is meant to be punishment and to this little asshole any amount of community service is probably punishment.  My hope is that they give him the "worst/hardest" community service they can find, not picking up garbage on the side of the road with the DUI convicts.  Maybe working with the extremely poor and sick, this kid needs a reality check and maybe this sentence will be it.
but..but...but....the free market says that Uber is priced perfectly right now, not too high not too low.  If they raise their rates won't they lose money?
People also tend to forget that the 90% tax bracket applied to only a few people in the country probably less than 100.  If it were to be put back into place it probably wouldn't kick in until you were making in the 100's of millions.  I really wouldn't feel to bad about somebody making that kind of money paying higher taxes.
and if you believe in the free market that's good because you give the opportunity for somebody else to make the money you don't want.
While I do agree about the wage stagnation I do think there is another problem.  Regarding the millennials, I don't think they have value other people's work.  What I mean is everything to them is about the lowest price and free is better.  They don't buy music they steal it, they do not value the musicians work or the work of all the people involved in it's production and the same goes for all types of media, if it's not free it will be stolen. Same goes for all this "sharing economy" non-sense.  No need for hotels or cab drivers or owning cars - just use them as needed.  They are screwing themselves and they don't know or don't care.
with the ACA you are no longer bound to your employer.  Before if you had a pre-existing condition and you left your company you'd be SOL, that isn't the case now.  I'd love single payer, a quicker solution might be to add medicare to the unemployment insurance package and screw Cobra.
Yes it's easy to blame you "damn kids", I think the difference is that it's been normalized now where I still have "buy American" beaten into my head and Walmart really did a number on small town america.
Some parts are good, but I really don't like union busting.  Finally don't give me a freaking rebate just pay down the damn debt, when all the bills are aid then we can talk rebate.
Willmett made the list and Robbins didn't....wow this knucklehead doesn't get out much.
because running unopposed is not democracy.
Say what you will, Rachel Maddow ,while I think her show is pretty boring 80% of the time, sometimes does really good news for example the Flint water issue.  I would also mention that she constantly clarifies/makes on air corrections if something she said was wrong, you don't see that very much anymore even on stations where practically every other word is a lie.
of course, it's "fine" as long as the guy on my team is doing it.  I do wonder if with the new tone of congress, where every bill is filibustered and gridlock is the norm, we'll see more EOs simply because they will be necessary.
Is there anyone who isn't "pro-life"....other than possibly suicidal people.  How about anti-choice vs pro-choice.
I don't believe Congress has given him wartime powers.  I don't believe we are at war, could you please show me where congress declared war. (not trying to be shitty but I don't see how Obama or any president can have wartime powers without a war)
All the things you've listed will die over time.  If you maintain your home you can make things last longer.  In addition a lot of home repair is pretty simple and if you have the time to figure out the problem you can save a lot of money.  Finally, some things cost you money by keeping them, old furnaces/boilers, old refrigerators, old hotwater heaters and old AC units are highly inefficient and upgrades pay for themselves in a few years.  Most upgrades like windows or refinishing a kitchen/bath add zero value to your home unless you intend on selling quickly, you do them because you want it   Lastly, homeownership probably won't save you any money unless you live there for over 10 years (average is 7).  Once all the maintenance costs and insurance and closing and moving are figured into the equation it's usually a wash
don't forget the stolen roads and sidewalks.  Might want to import some polluted air from China so you can breath some free market air and enjoy you maggot fill uninspected beef.....it's like arguing with a 6 year old.
The US has really bad taste when they install dictators, it has alway come back to bite us in the ass.
If a cheeseburger gets the nod I will vote for said cheeseburger before I'd vote for any of the three potential Republican candidates.
It has money because it is a welfare state.  Indiana like so many of the high and mighty fiscal states gets lots of money from other [states](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_by_crime_rate_(2014)).  Illinois on the other hand loses money (I'll give you a hint where it goes INDIANA).  And let's not forget the moochers who commute in every day from NWI to earn their living, drive on our roads and use our services but contribute nothing to keeping the machine moving forward.  Edit:fixed link
Downvote me because you are living off the hard work of other states...sounds like a moocher
PAY YOUR FREAKING CHILD SUPPORT!!!!!  These are your kids, you are not screwing over your Ex you are screwing over your children.
Surfers live for small craft warnings.  this is not news.
You don't have to love your job, but you do have to pay the rent
I guess "paying enough in taxes" is a matter of perspective.  We don't collect enough taxes to balance the budget so from that perspective we don't pay enough in taxes.  I could say that because we have a huge problem with childhood starvation, poverty and veteran issues that we need more money to fund those programs, so we need more taxes.  On the other hand, nothing was more painful as a poor person to have ~10% of your check removed for FED/FICA -yes you get some of it back but it doesn't help when you need to pay the rent.  If you look at tax burdens over the years the biggest change you will see is that workers are paying more as a percentage and corporations are paying much less -maybe that's where we need to adjust taxes.
Well I guess it's good business.  A 250K house's taxes are somewhere between 3-4K, so the city makes it back in 3 years.  There should be a clause that it is a loan for the first 5 year then the loan if forgiven in full, that way it encourages longer term ownership.
People forget that about our social safety net, but reducing it it hampers entrepreneurship.  The fact that Obama care eliminated the pre-existing condition issue allows worker to actually be able to leave one job for another, how is that a bad thing?
Please don't forget the Supreme Court, two possibly 3 justices will retire in the next 8 years.  Do you want another Alito or Thomas?  Ruling of the SC and appointments to the SC are long lasting and will affect your life a lot more than not electing the less shitty candidate.  It's really time to grow up and accept the fact that sometimes you may have to get something shitty to get something good or in this case accept something shitty to avoid something really bad.  Finally, if you think your vote doesn't matter tell that to Al Gore and the thousands of troops that have died in Iraq, if 500 more people had voted for Al Gore Bush 2 would never have been president and we would have never gone to Iraq.
You may not like her, but compare her policies to that of the other side and decide which you would prefer.  If you are a Bernie supporter then the decision is simple.
Well until cars pay for the roads in their entirety we just have to share.
This is no big deal, we've seen lots of candidates who have lost continue on including Hillary.  Hillary has already [signaled](http://www.presstv.ir/Detail/2016/05/23/466942/Hillary-Clinton-Bernie-Sanders) they are ready to play ball with Sanders and I am sure that there are all sorts of negotiations going on behind the scenes right now.  Bernie has no reason to drop out now as every delegate he wins increases his power at the convention.  Everyone just needs to chill until the primaries are over an the nomination is settled.  Once the nomination is settled everyone will fall in line, assuming Hillary wins you will see a huge full court press from the Obamas, the Bidens, the Clintons and the Sanders all stumping for Hillary.  Bernie ran as a democrat not as an independent because he didn't want to be a spoiler  and I don't think that has changed, I'm sure Bernie knows how important this election is to the movement and will do whatever is necessary to keep Trump out of office.  I can't say the same about some of his supporters.
It was real easy for Obama to lob bombs at Clinton about Iraq as he was sitting in the Illinois Senate at the time and didn't have to vote.  Having had Obama as my rep for many years I'm pretty confident he would voted for the war just like Hillary and most of the other chicken shit Dems. (To clarify I am a Democrat)
Dry up, blow away and turn into a bad version of Iowa.  I'm all for it.
2 of our 3 governors in jail are Republican....should we add the pervert Speaker of the House to the list (also Republican)
I think it may already be in the works.  DWS is on the outs and Warren is loved by the left (think Bernie supporters) and raises a lot of money.  I think by making her head of the DNC it will make a lot of the Bernie progressives happy (and Bernie) and leaves her in the Senate where she can do the most good.  While I think she's great I think it would be a hell of a waste to make her VP and have her spend the next 8 years standing behind Hillary, nodding and clapping.  I think she has already has been told and she's stepping up, it's just a matter of time before DWS steps down and Obama appoints her, the question is will it be before or after the convention.
By that logic, since we ae all going to die we might as well jump off a bridge right now.  If I can keep people in my country for ten more years I don't see why we shouldn't.  I'd rather my neighbor have a job than I would saving $0.03 on a pair of socks.
I think she's slightly more liberal policy wise but more hawkish on the security end.
But Hillary is a horse trader of the highest degree, she got SoS and the full DNC support in 2016, she's ready to play ball and Obama will play along with her -so will the rest of the democratic establishment.
Well can we agree that the "mess" is due to kicking the can down the road?  If we had paid our bills in the 90's we wouldn't be in such a mess.  I'm not a fan of union busting and that is what he wants.  On the other hand we have to do something about the pension issue but due to the Ill SC rulings I'm not sure what can be done.
I've always thought the same thing, this is the first time I seen anyone else mention Hawaii 78.
That's simply not the case.  Productivity has nothing to do with pay.  If that buger flipper can do the work of 2 flipper, flipper A doesn't get double his old pay -flipper B just gets fired and flipper A is expected to make up the difference.  This has been going on since the [70's](http://www.epi.org/productivity-pay-gap/)
How about the day nobody can afford a cheese burger because there are no jobs?  It won't matter if we are a global economy or a local economy, if 99 out of 100 people don't work nobody will be buying anything and that's 80+% of our economy.  Good jobs are a good thing Henry Ford figured that out and nothing has changed.
I've always felt that park need to accommodate the community, there are a lot of community oriented programs at my park that I have no interest in but it works.  In this case if they have a large hasidic community where the sexes don't mix, it makes sense to have separate sex hours.
