So, people are butthurt about a Subway in Mt P, but are excited about a Chipotle in Brookland. What gives? Both offer mass-produced, shitty fast food.
Taffi Dollar sounds like the name of a third rate Bond Girl.
It's also a dick move. If one is not comfortable riding with traffic, they should likely limit their riding to bike trails or quiet suburban streets.
Crystal City is incredibly dull and sterile, but it is full of business hotels that are fairly empty on the weekends (i.e., Cheap-ish), and it is only a couple of stops from DC.
It's in MD, so already in enemy territory, anyhow...
A turn signal is not a polite request, it is a statement of intent. When my turn signal goes on, that means that I'm changing lanes in roughly one millisecond, and I couldn't give a flying fuck if you're copacetic with letting me in or not, as I am most definitely coming over to your lane.
Exactly. If one feels that traffic is scary and aggressive (These people are called wusses or suburbanites), then the correct course of action is to dismount one's bike and walk it on the sidewalk.  Save for freeways and parkways, there is not a single road in DC on which I have felt uncomfortable riding. There are definitely some that I avoid, due to better alternatives, but none that would qualify as scary. In the burbs, however...
NO, IT ISN'T!!!  Happy?  Bikes don't belong on sidewalks, unless the rider has dismounted and is walking the bike. I've been bike commuting forever, and will never, ever ride on the sidewalk. Sidewalks are for slow-moving, oblivious pedestrians. Bikes belong on the street with other wheeled conveyances.
A bike is a vehicle, plain and simple. Vehicles belong on the road. That point aside, the speed differential between bikes and pedestrians versus joggers and regular pedestrians in much, much smaller. Joggers are also able to maneuver much more quickly than a bike.  How is it snobby to expect cyclists to ride in the street? I average roughly 18-20mph at a comfortable pace, which is incompatible with sidewalks, where pedestrians are moving 3mph, max. Even the slowest red bike riders will be swerving about at 8-10mph, which is more than 2x the speed of the speediest pedestrians.  If someone is uncomfortable riding in the street, they should keep their riding to safe side streets or trails until they build up enough confidence and ability to ride in the street like everyone else.
Why don't we just turn the beltway into a gigantic bikes-only circumferential? I'd actually get behind that.
More likely, they would both get super excited to meet a new person, start jumping and wagging, and then lick like crazy. They would then fart.
So your pit is also the most cutest dog that has ever lived, too?
DC is also the ideal destination for groups of fat people wearing identical neon shirts.
If you've spent your life living in rich, white suburbs, then Arlington might be your best entree into urban living. It's dull as hell compared to DC, but it's somewhat urban and has good Metro access.
Incorrect. All MD drivers are terrible, but other states have bad drivers, as well.
It's fairly safe to assume that all canvassers or anyone else asking you for money is a con artist, particularly in DC.
Living here sober would not be overly pleasant...
Bushings are for pussies.
That won't give me the excuse for buying more and more tools.
There is a brewed on date on the can. Anyhow, despite the ratings, Topper is quite good, but not $20 a can good.
If you think an abortion sounds painful, consider 9 months of a parasite living inside you, childbirth, and then 18 years of hell while your parasite hopefully grows into a reasonably non-shitty adult.
Everyone drives like an asshole here. Extend your middle finger out of your window and carry on with your day.
You know, I really am getting tired of spending $2 to make a huge batch of delicious hummus. It takes almost 10 minutes, too.  I wonder if I can get a $30 cocktail to wash it down, as well?
I rarely get excited by much anymore, other than sex or beer. Human reproduction is definitely not something about which to get excited, and it's also disgusting.
If by anxiety you mean blind rage, then yes.
British cars rarely run long enough to require an oil change.
What a vapid twat.   *Sure, I could give a shit about major issues that affect everyone, but I don't fucking want to, so suck it.*
That thing is uglier than a barrel full of assholes.
Unless you're a vet, have previous gubment experience, or have some exceedingly marketable skill, you may as well print your resume, use it to wipe your ass, and then toss it in the Potomac, as it would be more efficacious than using USAJobs.
Overcompensate much?  Knock yourself out, champ...  http://www.cancer.org/healthy/stayawayfromtobacco/guidetoquittingsmoking/guide-to-quitting-smoking-success-rates
I disrespectfully disagree with your purported respectful disagreement  with my atheism.
They stand for everything I abhor. Do they all look like the Children of the Corn?
If you can remember enough to write a Yelp review, you didn't do Dan's correctly. Hell, if you can locate your pants the next morning, you didn't do Dan's correctly.
What delightful substance are you smoking that gives you one iota of faith that a project involving WMATA won't turn into the world's biggest dumpster fire? The project is already substantially delayed.
MWAA is possibly even more incompetent than WMATA. When the two combine their powers, the possibility of financial black holes are endless.
Be careful with anal, as anal pregnancies lead to attorneys.
Holy water is often contaminated with fecal bacteria. Just sayin...
I thought y'all were still apologising for Celine Dion?
Weddings suck. Weddings with children are unbearable.
These options packages are getting fucking ridiculous. What if I just want a bacon dispenser, but don't want a moonroof?
Fair warning: Juicing infants totally voids the warranty on your juicer, although the Vitamix seems to puree them well.
100% true. That's why I always question why children are always saved first in a disaster, even though their worth is very low, and new ones can be made fairly quickly.
I can dislike whomever I choose for whichever reasons I choose. Generally, I aim my dislike at those who are antipathetic to logic and reason.
All it takes to be a millionaire is a beard and some mediocre chocolate made by a cave full of hipster minions.
If that's all you have to fap to, then it'll have to do.
What if I don't want to?
Absolutely. Anyone who isn't taught that masturbation is important and fucking amazing from a young age is missing out on one of life's simple pleasures, as well as handicapping later sexual experiences due to not knowing oneself.
Good reason to smoke? Well, they are delicious and it's a good way to kill 10 minutes relaxing.
I'm not a museum fan. Never have been. Insofar as the monuments, I think they're garish and smack of nationalism.
Nationalism is nothing but primitive tribalism writ large. As one has no control as to where they were born, their race, their ethnicity, etc, there is absolutely zero rational reason to be proud of any of them.
