I don't see anything in that video that doesn't look like basketball... Other than the white people and short shorts.
Dude Melo was the first option on the friggin olympic team. He might be the best first option in the league, up there with KD.   That's never been the knock against him.
Ah, I got what you mean.  I think he can be the best player but needs to be surrounded with some really good talent.
&gt; Lineup data showed throughout the season that the two point guard lineups that had dominated in 12/13 continued to dominate in 13/14, but Woodson refused to go to them.  With what point guards? "Facing divorce and felony gun possession/mid-life crisis obesity" Felton and Prigioni? Get real, dude. The two guard lineup only worked because we had Kidd and a healthy Felton, neither of which we had in 13/14.
134 minutes over an 82 game season is a comically low sample size. But I appreciate the sources and facts. Upvote.
What's not authentic about KFC? It's just standard fried chicken.
To be fair, JR or Shump make one more shot and the cavs win. Kerr is playing a very dangerous strategy.
I think Dirk is a more impressive player than Barkley.
I think what [Madison Bumgarner did in the World Series last year](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madison_Bumgarner#Baseball_records_and_accomplishments) would be equally as impressive.
He would be killer on this gsw team as a backup for Klay. Holy shit, I kinda wanna see that happen.
He turned Wall into an even cockier stud than he was (and he can back it up).
Eh a lot of people here did the same for Atlanta.
Because anything in the 60s is bad.
He did it for Lin.
Bro, it's literally impossible to be a kings bandwagoner.
Bernard King might be the greatest scoring Knick of all time.
He reminds me a lot of Hakeem on offense and we all know how well he aged.
If you guys had the same history at the highest level of sports as Boston and LA, you'd understand.  It's about mutual respect for greatness. Jeter had the same sentiment towards the Red Sox.
Please don't be snarky about barely beating a non-playoff team. Have some class, dude. You're champs now.
Why not just write "new years"?
Why? Kyrie is a perpetual injury risk. Seems fair to me.
So true. Like, "BRB gonna slam a couple brewskies before heading out."  You're thinking 2 sounds good, but who knows - maybe it'll end up being three or four or eleven. Shit happens.
In cat leagues he kinda sucks. Mediocre points/rebounds/threes and everything else can be found on the WW.  He's absolutely not worth stashing in cat leagues, unless you're in a 14+ team league IMO.
He's down to 0.5 steals a game, 5 rebounds, and just about 1 3PM.   He just doesn't play well off the bench and he's not a focal part of the new D'antoni offense. This has been obvious for those who watch the Sixers play. Christ he only took 3 shots today.  I replaced him with Larkin and not looking back. I am willing to bet money Larkin outperforms him over the next month (assuming Jack is out).  EDIT: I just counted. 12 steals in his last 13 games. This is not a blip, this is a trend.  EDIT2: The list of players averaging more steals than Cov over the last 30 days includes Cole Aldrich, Ronnie Price and OJ Mayo.  It's over.
Depends entirely what stats you need. Green gets you 3PM and some steals. Larkin gets you assists and steals.  Booker sucks, ignore him - you likely missed the Phoenix pickup with Warren.  I would expect Larkin to perform very well if Jack is indeed done ROS. Something like 7/8 assists and 2 steals a game with 1 3PM.  Also # of positions don't matter much. I routinely have 11-12 PG/SG on my roster. Just stream on days you need to fill a certain position.  Honestly Larkin has the best upside from the players you mentioned, but Green should trend up to 2 3PM a game.
I said last two week/s/. That includes this last week he is maintaining those averages.  I will admit he has shown potential in isolated games. But consistency is key for your rostered players.
Stream Ian Clark for Monday/Tuesday IMO. That'll be plenty of time to observe how he does and Curry's situation.
Do whatever you can to get in the playoffs and start optimizing schedules a few weeks in advance. That's how you survive injuries.  Also look to trade injured players who are due to come back to the top teams who can afford to carry them for some "win now" players.
They might if he's pulling in millions at 27. Long term bet.
It's also harder to score with a faster pace of shots per minute, so that has to be factored in.
Why would they be worse with PG back??
They should stick him on KP for a while. Millsap is getting schooled by KP, giving up way too much height.
That double behind the back layup... wow.
Go work someplace and learn the trade for a bit. Recruiting jobs are a dime a dozen.
More that if the Spurs keep pace they have to protect that #1 seed.
Tigers. Koshien is like no other baseball stadium in the world. Probably best to buy from a conbini after you arrive, tix are cheap ($20).
With those ingredients there is no way that broth didn't taste delicious!
Iso can exist in the Triangle. The last 4-5 seconds of every triangle possession for the Bulls was MJ iso time.  &gt; We've began to take Melo for granted.  Speak for yourself. Melo is a legend in my books.
He is coming back from major surgery. I think it's natural he's still finding his legs.
Barely a streamer candidate.
As much fun that would be, he is not deserving of an all-star nod yet.
He's basically Latrell Spreewell 2.0
It wouldn't surprise me if Kawhi snapped and did something insane someday. He keeps all that emotion bottled in.
I expect a big trade coming up for the Nuggets. They'd be insane to keep the team intact as is.
Sure but he has mastered the art of falling on his ass to absorb contact and protect his ankles. Good thing he's got dat ghetto booty.
Seems like a decent trade, but you might want to play up Gasol's playoff schedule and try to go for more value to the people at the top of your league. You might be able to get some extra value from a greedy guy eyeing the championship.
If he goes for it, that is a heck of a trade.
I would in a heartbeat. KD tends to be injury prone.
Crazy depth. You have to experience it to understand.
SF needs to suck it up and allow more vertical development already. They're screwing their own citizens.
