That all seems rather intense for a new year's resolution. Step 1: Have some discipline. Step 2: Make a decision to change at any point in the year when you discover change is desired.
It's a nice looking watch because of the color. But it is a cheap watch with a movement equal to what is found in a dollar store watch. The band is proprietary and not made for any type of replacement or repair. The buckle end that you show from Amazon is designed as a replacement if you have a suitable mating end on your band. Your picture does not show the buckle end so I can't tell if you could install it.
Since it is new, don't screw around. Craftsman stuff is returnable. Go with something else. I suppose you could play around with shimming the short side with washers, but why? I never have this problem with mine. But again, I leave the jack in place when under load. It never moves. Use a proper dolly if moving a load.
Agreed, unless this is the end that the dog chewed up.
I knew where this was going when you said "set of scales."  You only need one scale for weight checking and I suggest a digital  model. You don't want to be subjectively reading an analog one.  Stop eating sugar and all processed food. That is all.
I have no experience with this product. Facing a $400 alternative, I would surely give this a try. You will only be working with the damaged part and not spreading the damage. You can always replace part.These products largely depend on the skill of the applicator. I could see cross-purposing this material on siding, garage doors or mail boxes.
Yes, but you can always purchase an annuity with a portion of the cash received and achieve the security of yearly payments of the level you choose. And remember, the cash up front proposal is merely the discounted cash flow of the long term payments based on estimated interest rates. The Lotto itself buys an annuity with that SAME cash when the winner chooses long term payments.
I agree. And the more he tries to fool with it, the more he owns the job. You can see that the wood thread is covered with material other than wood and the wood piece was sunk in plaster. If I were fixing it I would use a 3"X1.5" block of wood screwed to the wood in back. Then pre-drill in the center of the new insert and thread the knob in that hole. After that I could slop plaster to fill or leave it  for the next guy.
I would suggest the wall anchors that pull in from the back and use machine screws. The reason is that this type is designed for removal and replacement more often than the ones that merely cut into the drywall and use self tapping screws.
It has broken rather cleanly with a single piece rather than chips. You already know that it was not very secure to begin with. There is just not enough meat behind the plate. I would NOT use screws. I would use clear epoxy or fast wood glue as suggested and get the best appearance I could. This will be quick and easy. Then I would add a second lock that is more secure with long screws. This could involve some creative thinking for placement.
First pull that stick out of there. Then you will have a hole that you can fish through. A tiny "easy out" could work, but you would need to be sure not to apply much pressure because you don't want to expand the hole. Use just enough pressure to grab the stub. A tiny screw would work as well too. Again, restrain yourself from tightening it. I would not wish to disassemble a laptop for such an easy task, but if you were looking at it from the inside, there may or may not be a way to push the stub  back out.
If you don't have name tags on them you may be catching the same frequent flyers. Who doesn't like a vacation and some strange? I predict it will be fine. Google says 10 miles is the magic number for relocation, but not over 40 miles.
Invest in a decent respirator($25), not a simple dust mask. The carbon canister will take care of the odor and protect your lungs. Put the mask in a sealed plastic bag after use to make it last longer. This is a tiny investment over the long haul. Use it for paint, ammonia, bleach, etc.
I think your ideas are on target. I would not use L-brackets. I would use 4"X4" plywood plates and long screws into the studs. They might be 3-4" screws, pre-drilled and soaped up before driving. The cabinet just tilted away from the weight and because it was not balanced to start with so your idea of shimming is good. But pull it into the wall first.
The fruit flies did not multiply that fast. You  had hundreds to start with. The  vinegar device does work. Maybe you need to perfect it a little though.
Who needs a mirror? Hand face coordination is key.
Then why not just unbolt them and replace? Much easier than the repair of one.
They say make-up sex is the bomb.
I think lots of people, including myself, use sleep time to solve life's problems.  Random dreams can be a part of that I believe.
Speak for yourself.
Hypothetically, perhaps they could not catch me.
Marketing is largely about reading consumer needs. Most people don't repair things these days. Repairing or making repairable products has limited appeal. If you disagree, start your own business and prosper. PS&gt;I always marvel at the modularity and quick repair techniques used by NASCAR. I long for those features in an every day ride. I'd take a five point racing harness over air bags. But I am a dynasaur.
You are being hosed. For some reason, they don't want to complete your repair. Perhaps they damaged the computer. Perhaps they are waiting for  a broken computer with a good motherboard to appear so they can cannibalize it and bill for a new part. There is no valid reason to delay that long.
That's a pretty reasonable guess because I have heard of local cities charging $500 for "false alarm" calls and EMS often charges that for a run.
Just as an example, smoking is a sign of weakness to me. It suggests lack of self control. Same with obesity.
I like this. Nothing to lose by waiting.
The shame is how some great looking young women give up in middle age and beyond to become heifers.
This was my  concept too at first and it's a great idea if he takes it apart. It could be done without disassembly by drilling a 1/32" hole on each side of the remaining pieces keeping as much meat as possible. Then run steel wire through the holes and make a suitable loop to attach to the key ring. The flaw in this is that the plastic may be so oxidized that the next piece will break off. Going through the body would be better if possible.
You are definitely missing something. The dryer is working and doing it's job. The dryer is sensing that restriction and cutting back on the run time cycle of the burner or heating element. Try venting inside for a quick test and you will see a difference. I don't care what anybody says, 45' would be way too long. And a 90 degree bend counts as 5' so you really have 15' of duct equivalent.
Don't fall for the Okie-doke. Everyone feels guilty of something. They know this. Ancient Chinese proverb goes, "Beat your children every day. If you don't know why, they do." Donate to the Salvation Army instead to assuage your guilt.
I think it's better to peel the loose pieces off so they don't interfere with anything. You could try to glue the edges back down if you have sufficient clamps to hole it tight while they dry. Don't try it before they are perfectly dry. Instead of clamps you might try screwing the edges down with a 1/4" wood block while they dry. Perhaps a staple gun might work too if the edges are flexible enough.
Maintain normal body weight. Normal is not the average for Americans.
I believe this is just coincidence with you moving the machine. When it was sitting there before the move, it had electricity to the board waiting for you to select something. When you unplugged it and re-plugged it you effectively rebooted it like a computer. There may have been a minor surge, but probably not. It was just ready to go and the re-boot tipped it over. Something on the main board has malfunctioned most likely. When you say it turns on when you plug it in, you don't know that more than the fan and light are coming on. You don't know that the secondary(magnetron) is actually turning on. You could put a cup of water inside to check this. If only the light and fan are coming on, there is a remote chance that one of the door switches has failed. For example, a micro switch that is normally open has failed in the closed position and turned the light/fan on. The reason it stops when you open the door is because there is a second back-up switch. I'm making lots of guesses here. I know how to trouble shoot it, yet I still would go buy a new one at that age. The new one will be more powerful and much lighter. I would avoid the newer "inversion"style machine as they are very expensive to repair and offer you nothing in return.
You are not likely to find cheaper rails new even online. It's a crap shoot hoping to find rails at another garage sale or the Salvation Army. You have a bargain cabinet that you can use for storage until you get lucky. It would not be worth it to me to make a set of rails, although it could be done if you have sufficient resources in the junk box. The rails have to be straight and stiff. Anything that achieves that would work. The ends could be made of wood.
If the rim is only warped a little, it's won't bother you much and won't hurt the tire in any case. The problem with a bent rim is that the brakes will grab unevenly. It's like a car with warped brake rotors. It is annoying. Only you can decide if you can live with it.
I second everything you have said here. I can only add that if op is getting water on the floor, that condensation must be coming from a leak in the connection right there on the floor. He could prevent the damage by fixing that leaky connection. Also, I would put some insulating barrier between the flex pipe and the floor as an added barrier. I sure hope the tube inside the wall is solid instead of this corrugated pipe that collects lint.
Best guess is that you had nothing they wanted and they did not want to carry useless junk and have to pawn it somewhere. Maybe they specialize in guns, cameras, laptops or whatever that was not there. A cookie tin, sure, everybody takes those.
I favor something thin of course. Something with a little flexibility is helpful. Plastic is OK. Sheet metal is easy to work with. Sheet metal gives you the option of making a splint that winds around both sides completely or partially.
I think condoms, ductape, bleach, rags and garbage bags would be the right combination.
If the play is not too bad, this fix will last indefinitely. The wire of course will add to the wear on the teeth. I would prefer to use a strip of solder or multiple strips as needed. This works for other metal screw repairs like a door closer or a license plate bolt. The extra pieces sticking out are easily broken off to hide the repair.
I disagree with the contractor. Concrete resists flexing. In time that edge will break off. I'm surprised it is not cracked already. It is freezing because water is getting under there and freezing, thus expanding upward. The water is not draining because the substrate does not have the proper aggregatge. There's too much packed dirt or clay. You might improve the situation by removing that filler between the sidewalk and drive and replacing with backer rod and elastomeric caulk to prevent water entry there. No complete guarantee as some water can still enter from the side, but this is something you can do yourself.
First thing I would do is assure myself that there is no moisture issue from above. It could be as simple as condensation from lack of insulation in that isolated spot. I don't really see evidence of leakage though. I see evidence of movement, which is extremely common. Tape and compound is too intense for me with a small spot like this. I would use painter's caulk and paint over it. There is some flexibility in the silicone. Or go with a paintable silicone caulk to begin with. I like to overlap just a tiny bit. With the painter's caulk I can do this and smooth it with a fine brush using a mist of water. Yes, if there are loose flaky edges, you want to take them off before proceeding. Run a screwdriver along there or the point of a can opener for example.
I think about how small I am and the seeming infinity of the universe from a human standpoint.  I wonder where my molecules came from and where they will go next. I do this both from a spiritual context and purely scientific, if they can be separated.
That's sure worth saving. Find a power source and go with it.
I don't expect any damage. Washer solvent contains as much alcohol. Wipers are designed for use under this condition and for 1.5 million wipes
I like the way you got a selfie in there reflecting off the paint.
It's a useful hack, but only when you need to lift something with the tool. Otherwise, the eye-bolt can get in the way of close-quarter work.
Best guess would be the water level pressure switch.
I think sex workers will always be in demand. They certainly pre-date funeral directors.
I would maintain that a prostate exam would definitely be frowned upon when attempted by non-professionals.
