I hope "love of my life" is that handsome and charming two-wheeled steed.
I rode slightly older Industry Nine road hubs. They were unreasonably nice: near instant engagement, silly light. But I found them to be overengineered and require constant maintenance. The wheels they were built into were nothing but trouble.
Beautiful, timeless build. I'd ride it.
It changes EVERY SINGLE YEAR.
I think they were fighting over who gets to legally change their name to "Quadzilla."
Absolutely gorgeous bike.
I definitely disagree with this one. It is debt, but at this moment and for the next year, it will be guaranteed to be at 0% interest. The emergency fund is just that: for emergencies. You have no idea what the next twelve months will hold, with the exception that you don't owe that credit card debt for 365 days.  When the debt comes due, you can pay it with some of the emergency fund and not be out a single penny. The only thing to gain is flexibility, which of course could mean nothing, or could mean a whole lot more.  edit: This is, of course, assuming that OP is actually saving and not just putting being financially responsible. That's kind of a big difference.
How long would it take you to pay off the $9K CC debt if you spent $0 / mo on maintenance for your car? (well... besides fuel... and insurance... and tires... and upkeep... god, cars are money pits.)  The financially responsible thing to do would be to buy a cheap car and pay off as much CC debt as you can, but as mentioned below, you were given this money FOR A CAR. The person very clearly wants you to have a very nice car. Fourteen thousand dollars will get you a car that is dependable, safe, and will last you for many years. You owe it to them to do that.  From a personal relationship standpoint, you should use most of it to buy a car. If you show up to this person's house in a month driving a 2002 Honda and they ask, "What happened to the other ten grand?" they will not take kindly to you saying, "Oh, I spent your money on my personal stuff."   Remember a couple grand for titling, registration, and the inevitable first few months of niggles). So now you're driving a $12,000 used car with maybe 40K miles and no issues. Take every extra penny at hurl it forcefully at that CC debt.  TL;DR: This is not a windfall. This is not a negotiable thing. This is you making sure you don't punch gift horse in the mouth.
Well, it sounds like something's not working at your parents' house, which is why you want to move.  Taking care of elders is not an easy responsibility. Consider it subsidizing your low rent, if they're onboard.  Sounds like there's almost not reason not to.
Bill Nye's book should have been called "Undenyeable".
The general advice of this forum is that you must never cosign on a loan that you are no ready to take on as your own (because that is literally what you're signing). As a result, they recommend not ever cosigning on a loan.  Obviously, you're in a position where you want to help this person out. Cosigning would do that, but there is a very real possibility that this person could screw your credit forever or cost your tens of thousands of dollars.
First off, as a 20 year old, congrats on your exceptional financial situation. You're better off than the vast majority of 30 year old Americans.  The large emergency fund, especially with the low cost of living (if you're planning on staying with your family) is awesome.  If you're gonna be making $65 this year (160% raise! Holy cows, congrats), I would recommend continuing to live like you're only making those $24K. It's not sexy for a guy to live with his parents, but I promise you that being financially solvent is. Keep saving as much as you can. Also, same thing about the car: the type of woman who likes a sports car is not the type of person worth dating.  Also, I've got to say that a sports car is not a sound financial decision. Obviously, you work hard and have saved a lot of money, but get something like an Audi A4 or S4. They're sporty, not ridiculously overpriced, but also reliable and show very well in a business environment. Nearly every MD I've worked with drives some variety of Audi, except for the ones driving Toyotas [a fair few here out west].
You did complete college? If not, finishing would be your first goal.  You can either get a second gig and do that, or you can build experience to look for something better. All you need to do is get lucky once. Don't get disheartened that you don't find your dream job on the first week of trying. Keep your eyes out for a couple of months, but don't become obsessed with the search.
"What do you mean you're not happily married and don't have a job making $150K / yr yet? Jesus, what a failure you are."
Some companies will close the card if you're not using em every so often. Maybe set up auto payment and rotate buying one item per month on each card?
Another positive vote for the TCR. My first bike was the 2007 TCRC2. Solid, solid bike. Dependable and no issues. I'm much harder on bikes now, but it was a solid bike.
With that much money, I bet they were buying the good stuff: Mexican coke in bottles.
Both Justin and Cory are pretty high up on the list of dudes I would not want to race...
They would be way better if they talked about ringy-dingies and sweet,sweet refunds.
I believe that if your work provides a computer, you can't deduct it.  Similarly, I also think you'd had to come up with another $5200 in deductions to break even on the $6500 standard deduction.
&gt; I am not a tinfoil hatter.  Sounds like something someone with a tinfoil hat would say!!!!  Just kidding. Thanks for the info.
That's really missing the point of using the cross. Read up on The Passion. The whole idea is summarized in the most trite Bible verse of all time: "For He so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son (John 3:16)."  Jesus *willingly* went to the cross. He knew that he was going to be mocked and executed in a horrible, horrible fashion, yet he went anyway. Yet he chose to do it of his own accord.  That is the whole point of the Passion. The empty tomb, the Resurrection, that's all icing on the cake.
YOU EFFING MONSTER. WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO ME.
"What is technically legal and shady as ****?"  You: "Protecting our property from criminals."  You're correct. You don't have to stop. If it's a hassle, you can just walk out. That's why it's very infrequently a hassle.
"I want you to lend me an unspecified about of money, for an unknown period of time, to be used as I see fit. You will likely get no collateral."  "OK, great. We'll charge you 1.9% per month on that."  Seems pretty fair to me.
'Convenience' fees. Well, a $15.50 fee on a $45.00 sure as shit isn't very 'convenient' for me, AXS Tickets, who happen to own Red Rocks. -.-
Not taking it and writing it down is fraud and a very, very big deal for a medical professional.
It may be worth heading over to Discover's Free FICO score to see if you have a chance.  If you're struggling with credit, grab a secured credit card (Capital One and Discover It both have no annual fees). You put a $200 downpayment on a $200 credit limit (or whatever number works for you). Put one small thing, say Spotify or Netflix on there, and set the card to autopay. Your credit will build steadily.  Good luck fighting the good fight!
Frankly, not worth the effort. At this point, it seems like a matter of pride.  Your limits are already pretty high. As your income increases, you will be offered more credit. Otherwise, keep on living your life.
Remember that the 'Forgiven' part (240 payments, usually) is treated as taxable income.  You will have one year with a taxable income in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. I would recommend saving for that point.
Nope. No better option.  Put it in a savings account. That 1.2% is pretty good; sometimes you'll get 1% at the most.  You simply need the money too soon to do anything with it. Almost anything else has too much risk and variability (eg, what if we find out that China's been messing with currency and the market takes a dump like it did in August 2015 or Feb 2016 - 15-20% loss in one day).
If they are offering you something, you could probably get better rates by going with another company, simply because they're not the cheapest. Your credit union or the bank you already use may give you a 'loyalty' rate that is .2-.5% lower than what you would get otherwise.  As a general rule, responding to bulk mailings isn't a great idea. They have to pay for it some how - and that's usually by being very profitable.
Would the business-friendly way of describing that condition be 'refurbished'?  NAL - I would recommend against describing them as anything but. I would be pretty pissed if a computer that had no mention of condition showed up used.
It's a poker game. Also, jeeze, that's a huge range. $55K a year in SF is 'starve to death' territory. $95K is 'comfortable and maybe even buy name brand food.'  If you say $75, they'll offer you $65. If you say $95K, they'll laugh at you and offer you what they think you'll take.  Find out what other jobs in the area pay for your work and position. It's a bummer you don't have 5 years' experience - in the tech world, that's the magic number.  Your age works against you, but handle yourself professionally and politely.  Remember that the cost of living in Silicon Valley is un-sane, and you would be relocating to live there. Ask them to keep that in mind. Is the company nation-wide or does it operate solely out of California? A company with offices in Palo Alto and Detroit shouldn't pay two employees the same amount for living in different places.  Four years' experience? Ask for 85K, maybe they'll offer you 75K?
Quit making excuses about how you can't job hunt. You said it yourself: you're going to be fired in the foreseeable future.  It's always easier to find a new job when you're employed. When they ask why you're looking for something new, don't disparage your current employer. Word the reasoning however you want: you feel that a separation is imminent because of the nature of your project. Not lying.  Get. A. New. Job. It's way easier when you're already employed and still on good terms with your boss.  Also, stop spending money unnecessarily. Like you said, your living expenses are $2K / mo and you have $1K in savings. The math there doesn't bode well - it's time to be on the PB&amp;J diet until you're on solid footing.
Oh, good catch. OP, you could very possibly demand DOUBLE.
You could probably even give him this load as a courtesy and tell him to GTFO.
Well, it *is* really cold up there.  Have you considered drinking to stay warm?
I think they say 'recurring' direct deposits, which I understand to mean paycheck. The churners may know more.  But jeeze - with $450 ($300 + $150 CC) on the line, it's not a bad plan, even if it takes 3 months.
I know you've tired of reading the wiki, but I'd say start with the FAQ: Ensure that you have an emergency fund that is 3-6 months.  From there, pay off any high interest debts - credit cards, expensive loans, etc.  Then, apply the money to your purposes. If you plan on returning to the US, you could use that money to retire. Otherwise, a good index fund would be worth it to jumpstart your retirement. I'm not familiar with German tax-advantaged plans, but remember that you'll need to become familiar with transferring money between.
Not a lawyer.  Move on. The job isn't worth your time.
Yeah, I'd be pretty pissed if I ordered 100 MB service (800 Mb) and got 100 Mb service. that's the difference between 'for a small company' and 'for two or three tech people' speeds.  If it's formal quote paperwork, I would imagine that you could lose agreements and have customers flake for a breach of contract on your side. Also, it's simply bad business. Small companies live and die on local reputations and word of mouth.  Can you undercut management, go straight to a person who can make that change, and have them change it?
HR is not there to help you. They are there to protect the interests of the company; eg, prevent them from getting sued.  Print out the email. Print out the statue. Explain to HR that your supervisor seems to misunderstand the law.  Be professional and courteous, and start looking for another job. If you raise trouble about this (which it sounds like you already got caught in their sights), you will be terminated for another "unrelated" reason shortly.
I think the wording is the difference between DISCONNECTED and OUT OF YOUR NAME. For example, you should call your power and water companies and explain that the last day of your lease is June 31st. They should ask you for an address for the last bill. When they ask who you're transferring it to, you can give them the management company's name.
I would love to believe that it was an accident, but it does really sound like this was the company's intent from the get-go. I doubt they will make it that easy.
Looks like it's still listed at that price.  Do you really want to do business with a company that's trying to bait and switch you?
&gt;  I'm going to have to let the office call them because for some reason  Your post is complaining that they don't do a good job of communicating, and then you decide to let them communicate for you?  Here are ways you can get ahold of them:  * Find out through the company who your insurance company is. * Call your insurance company. If you can't operate the Googles, ask your workman's comp clinic to give you their number. They will have it. * When you get ahold of a human, tell them you need the number for your claims adjuster. *You are entitled to their direct line*. They will probably ask for your claim number, which you can get either from your doctor's office or off of the documents that they've been sending you. It should be written on every single document (or insurance won't reimburse)!  I really suggest advocating for yourself, because no one else will. You may be able to request a nurse case manager from the insurance company. Let me make this clear: you are the only person with your interest at heart. The insurance company wants to close this case as quickly and cheaply as possible. The doctor's office wants you to get back to work so that they maintain a good relationship with your company. Your company didn't want it to happen in the first place. YOU ARE THE ONLY PERSON WHO WANTS IT DONE RIGHT.  Also, why would your parent's insurance cover anything? They should not cover anything work comp related - in fact, they should have denied the claim and told you to file with workman's comp. The only reason work comp would not cover 100% of authorized treatment (emergency rooms and initial contacts are not required to be authorized in most states) is if you were under the influence of controlled substances.
Don't have anything to add besides: don't go back. Eff that guy. He will fire you for some other reason quickly enough.  Take your unemployment and use this as the kick in the pants you need to get a different job.
Thanks for the response! Does adding a window have an downsides? Obviously, makes the case waaaaay classier.
Read everything you sign. Many times, the insurance company will rush you a check and the fine print of what you're saying is that this *completely* fulfills their liability. Usually, it's 10-20% lower than the lowest possible case scenario, so they'll pony it up quickly to save themselves over the long run.  You do not have to take any settlement they give you, but be prepared for court it they don't accept your counter.
