just say "ok lets go" and if they dont tell you before you start tattoo the words "something small" on them.
no, amurray is the best
funny given that he himself deceitfully avoided the question on immigration by ranting incoherently about the 88 million figure.  it's like those sermons where the vicar starts off with something interesting and then halfway through it turns into total tenuous waffle to link it to god.  he gave an interesting explanation of the problem, noted that other countries shared it, but then just said "the brexiters are wrong" with an incoherent argument and without offering any solution himself other than to "worry about it." he got a pretty damn easy ride from marr too...
shoulda done it- once in a lifetime chance missed there
it doesnt count if that aren't also using the power glove
hate against rage against the machine lol
well, there are two sides to every coin
but when you have writing credits for *abba's* discography...   why would you want to work
if all conservatory vocal departments and yap's were abolished and all singer training was done privately the general standard of young singers would be much higher. the opera business is currently dwarfed by the music-educational complex succubus
all these "funny" pictures and videos of cats in boxes need to stop. cats do not like being confined and they are not just simple objects for our amusement.
there's really nothing to choose. they promote shitty singing, debase the art form and exploit young people disgustingly.
they'll just fuck it up- what do they care? fuck them and their horrible children
officers can find it hard to distinguish- its usually best to assume the miscreant is both a drug dealer *and* a terrorist and act accordingly
you sure put the ass in hasselburglar
all u think about is urself :-(
they should clone it
even funnier if he'd been buried at sea /s
fart loudly to lighten the mood
maximum production of baby ensures highest possible long-term productivity level on potato farm!
that's racist
the standard way to teach morals is with traditional half-assed Christianity. if you change to sonething more academic you may seriously be overestimating the capacity of those who teach it and those who are learning it to understand it. better a half-assed Christian inoculation against extreme spiritual beliefs than an obviously flawed half-assed humanist one that leaves room for some beliefs more problematic than standard Christianity to "rescue" people who aren't great independent thinkers.
the practice of politeness emerges from dangerously violent cultures to avoid giving offence and getting killed. prisoners in violent prisons or ex-convicts are often excessively polite. now if you don't mind could we have our colony back please? you don't seem to be capable of running yourselves any more- made quite enough of a hash of it already frankly without electing that ghastly man in the wig so I think it would be for the best if we just took control again, for a while anyway- try to teach people some manners at least, you know
well you should get your own farting paypal ya goosehead
well that'll teach ya to be such a rotten scamming butt-head now won't it!!
I think Murray already helped a few British players.
a savage who is hungry for less long than you :-)  additionally, microwaving is better than cooking them in an oven because it is closer to the ideal process of boiling them
actually, what he didnt like was that she was essentially describing it an attack on what Muslims don't like (in this case lgbt) rather than a homophobic attack, (in this case by a Muslim). not something to storm out over. "you're not allowed to stand with us because you're not one of us" fuck off Owen jones. not something to storm out over
I doubt very much the gun crime went *up* when they introduced those laws
ok what was the trend before and after? if it was rising before then remaining constant could be progress.  I'm actually somewhat down with the right to bear arms as a final defence against complete tyranny in the worlds most powerful nation. but there should be some controls. just obvious sensible stuff. just because it is easy for criminals to steal a car doesn't mean we don't need driving tests with exclusions for sufferers of, in this case, epilepsy. saying that doesn't mean I'm against car ownership
I would counter that all ethnic minorities are/were. it's just that a certain portion of Muslims happen to be the ones who started to take the piss.
https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality  ok I will change the question. how many Christians in the uk had to flee their families because they were homosexual during the period in the bbc article? it's not going to be as many. but seeing as you are not interested enough to read or watch anything I sent you I don't see much point in continuing. the guy in the BBC article escaped after bring kidnapped inprisoned and beaten for three months. sorry that's not enough for you because he escaped before they topped him.   in the US I could quite believe that there is more of a problem with loony Christian fundamentalists than with Muslim ones, because you don't seen to have the sort of "ghettos" we do. but in the uk, this is a real problem
they had a perfect excuse not to listen to that dumb song and you blew it for them. serves you right
this doesn't mention the nhs. I'm afraid I can't get behind it
don't try and filibuster- get to the point
cats don't need to be bathed
actually it is more important that they look *you* in the eyes- start your introduction by pointing to your eyes and begin with "look at me..."
I think a worms ripoff could be good.
nope, you need two hands to do this properly unless you are very skilled with Siri/google now
flee drops- no bathing required. bathing doesn't get rid of fleas anyway
I beg to differ. this way will get you nowhere
ok fair enough but this sort of actual need is rare
ffs- that is actually bad for the cat's skin even
only cos, as stoners themselves, they know that once something is in place nobody will ever be arsed to change it, so you just have to be the first.
this is an acceptable alternative if you are a prophet or a monarch, otherwise best left alone
fatty
no way man, why waste a sexy goat on one ritual when you could fuck it for months?
6 ft under it more like
if that's what u/explodingcamel says, then yes, it can.
if they had harsher punishments it would deter these sort of people from confessing they made it up
hate the garish colours and cold whites. I'm switching to android instead when I upgrade. if their new look was really so good they should let people choose to have it or not.
