fair enough, i actually enjoyed it for what it was, just the blending of history and fairytale kind of bugged me.
this is like the 5th thread ive done this on but Captain Hook is actually the goodguy in the original Peter Pan story.  Captain Hook was just trying to save kids from Peter Pan who would kill his kidnapped kids when they grew too old.
i bet getting all of them at once would be pretty difficult
I thought about replying with something about amnesia, but i forgot what i was gonna say
O
i believe they meant non-standard design, rattan mallets bend over time due to moisture and general use
the site itself isnt, a major group of the users are however, as the site was founded and is based in a strong left leaning area.
I wonder if OP has ever driven on an Ohio highway... Way more potholes there than on the side roads.
i believe the specifications for the new Gerald Ford class' rectors was around 300 MW although i may be wrong.
fair enough on the TMI, i completely agree with naval reactors being safer on a number of points
The real problem is that even Americans dont know, The media, all of them rarely tell the whole truth. Almost every "poll" they give, has been manipulated, or given to certain people to give the answers the media wants... (source: uncle works for a major media source, and covers political issues/gives "polls")
TLDR: CS is easier to work with for competitions and is built for precision whereas CoD is built for speed.  CS has been around longer, and is built for team tactical co-op play(ie: slow, precise) that has real world stats built in, and places more emphasis on being precise and attacking first. CS is built for PC and therefore is easier to set up for a major competition.  CoD is built for individual play with fast rounds and easy to use weapons. It places emphasis on speed of rounds and of players, and uses easy to use weapons, that dont take as much skill or practice to use effectively. This takes the precision away from gameplay by allowing someone who is attacked to turn on, and kill an attacker much more easily than in CS. CoD is developed with consoles in mind more than computers and with that, is more difficult to set up for a major competition.
Of course monogamy is a myth? Who ISN'T in a polygamous relationship? I mean its like you people hate fun, and all things good in the world. (source:¯\_(ツ)_/¯) Edit: Misspelled polygamous
mate try Holsts the Planets, specifically Mars, spooky boner...
well, most likely the lowest note, its usually to low to hear clearly
hate
good
They will hurt after a while, but it depends on how strong your code is more than anything. My first suggestion to any snare and tenor players is to start a regimen to build up your core strength to carry the drums for a long period of time.
Yes indeed it is, beautifully jagged is probably the best description I've hear for that note.
Fair enough, but unfortunately at least up here, people are more likely to go for the thin crust pizza this the deep dish.
It's when he runs after his son's bus that hits me.
Fuck man, iron giant hit way too hard
It's not really all that impressive. They used to hold highschool state finals there, and the stadium is small and all concrete. The museum itself is kinda meh.
I wouldn't say major, aside from when the World Cup or the Olympics roll around, most US people couldn't give a shit. However, it is beginning to grow, exponentially so around me with FC Cincinnati, but overall it still has a ways to go
Amen to both of you, you managed to put something that pisses me off into better words than I can
If that was the case, the naval command would not leave 9 battleships and other support ships in port. At the very least they would notify the carriers of an incoming attack and keep them nearby in order to fly sorties to combat the Japanese attackers. The other ships in port were all post-ww1 ships and would not be sacrificed so they could go to war. 3000+ US servicemen and civilians died in the attack. Every single case that the US knew of an attack ahead of time at the very least evacuated civilians. Even before it was a country, at the battle of Lexington, civilians were all evacuated and the battle took place in a deserted town save for the Mass. Militia. The only known case of a country refusing to evacuate civilians due to an incoming battle, was Stalin with the battle of his city(Stalingrad). The argument presented has no basis and makes no logical sense in a wartime or even a near future wartime situation. Battleships cost an exorbitant amount of money to build, even then. Even with carriers, there is no way that the US Navy would allow such an investment go to waste.
I think you are looking more for overtones. Overtones are what actually creates different octaves and what allows for different types of tuning. The bars are shaped and tuned so that he overtones they create match the desired pitch. Think of it as Legos. If your goal is to build a tower. You need to stack a few different Legos on one another. This same principal is how tuning and pitches work. That is also the reason why the overtone series gets closer together the higher in frequency you go.
Yes they do. Harmonic overtones are what create a pitched instruments sound while Inharmonic tones help to create a white noise sound, but those Inharmonic tones conflict with each other due to destructive resonance and die out quickly leaving the harmonic tones, which in the case of a cymbal are what created the fundamental
Well, I've written a 20 page paper on this before, at least my opinion on the matter is that it shocked the Japanese to the point that they ended the war with less deaths than a full scale invasion where every citizen would fight to protect their emperor.
Thank you somebody else looks back at history and sees that we are making the same mistakes. Also have an upvote for the Twain reference
I don't but I appreciate the time put in, and the history on the historical ones
I always knew it as a suicide of suicide rub
They could always do what they did to darkrai and ban its signature move. Darkrai is only a UU without dark void. Also on that note I find it odd that Arceus is only an uber
You know, I loved the show up till the second season finale, that pissed me off for some reason
Sekirei needs one now. That story is ridiculously good but it's been 5 years since the last season
Romance+badassery+good story  Think Ah! My Goddess, or Sekirei
That fucker deserves to die. What self respecting musician past the age of 17 doesn't know bass clef
Serves them right
Ok, musician talk here. I'm a classical musician and I absolutely can't stand rap, however, Hamilton is not rap, a more accurate description is a combination of multiple styles of music. They have a waltz (farmer refuted), a more doo-wop style (what'd I miss) and powerful near A/Capella  moments(who lives, who dies). Now to the rap portion, it isn't actually very much rap as just singing, they actually have melody and pitch, as well as a melodic line that will counter the music. My Shot which is one of the more touted "rap" songs is more of a spoken word song, which you actually see often in other genres than rap. Now, if you consider it rap still, think of the subject matter. This is historical stuff, which for me as a history buff excited me to actually se somewhat accurate history in a decent song no matter the style or genre.
This, also people seem to think I'm the time keeper of their lives just because I know my schedule and times...
Skyline/goldstar/any local joint- best acquired taste there is  Graeters ice cream- nobody else can do French Pot ice cream on the scale they do  Not fast food but Montgomery Inn Ribs  Marion's Pizza- technically a Dayton thing  Hit or miss but Larosa's pizza  Cucinova- think Chipotle but Italian food, pizzas, pasta. Etc...  Also not fast food but Bob Evans- breakfast like you wouldn't believe for a decently cheap price
Congrats mate hope it goes well
I get that, personally I'm not his biggest fan but he is a damn good composer with a lot of different works so you won't remember the first piece you played by the last one
John Keegan's Books in general are really good
I would suggest "His Time In Hell" for a telling of what daily life was like for a soldier, with a very good explanation of what shelling does to a soldiers psyche and how PTSD was prevalent in France.
Basically not having trimmed fingernails on your fingering hand actually damages your fingers making it hard to play in the long run.   Also I feel this tip would help Bass players a bit more since the use the fingers on both hands
Fair enough. But, on the particular vehicle I have, keeping the radio on actually helps the battery life by using any left over power in the system. Also, the increments are different. 1 is only low power systems(lights) 2 is for radio and fans and 3 is to start
Yes, it tought my class that even though you may not agree with another side (especially discussing politics, where we had a debate over federalist issues during that period) you can at least respect them and see why they think that way, which lets you strengthen your argument
And now thousands of of drum corps fans hate you. As do I because do you know how expensive drum heads are; you must be a fucking millionaire!
The problem with your argument is that you are thinking of the Japanese from a western standpoint, who have a very short attention span and want to stop things when they get too deep. The Japanese however believed that their emperor could do no bad and would fight to the death, every man woman and child would fight. They were also disparate from the war itself and didn't see what was happening.   The way to break that state of mind is to shatter their illusions of the war and to convince the people to stop their leader. At least that was the American thought process in that situation. It also was a very powerful fear tactic much like the German Blitz on England and especially London
