Their actions show a disregard for human lives, and are entirely self-interested, it's pretty psychopathic.
Well, I think it depends on how much technology is going to change the face of society, and what happens until then. But honestly, print as we know it now is probably going to be a largely vanished medium.
Movies =/= Network television.   Also, i'm not saying these suggestions and style guidelines are never broken, just that for most subjects they are inappropriate and avoided for their jarring qualities.
Well most human beings value human lives, but the question is how effective is our aid REALLY?   It's not that we shouldn't give aid, it's that a lot of western aid destroys local businesses and makes the economy worse in the country we're dumping our unwanted corn feed and 2nd hand clothing on, all while hurting farmers and the clothing industries in those countries, and doing NOTHING to fix the root causes. We love temporary band-aids that make us feel like heroes.   The better things we can do are international debt forgiveness, micro-loans and grants to people building businesses and infrastructure in those countries.
Right I agree, throwing money and supplies that aren't needed at problems don't help people.
Do you just think every writer is identical? Do you think everyone writes identical to 2005 George Lucas?   Larry Kasdan has a certain kind of cadance to his writing, read the script to ESB, read the leaked script for TFA. This sounds like no example of his writing that has ever existed.   Also at least GL's scripta looked and felt like scripts regardless of the wooden dialogue. It isn't just that the dialogue is weak, it's that this reads like no Star Wars script ever made, and specifically that it sounds like a first semester filmmaking student and not like someone who has been writing screenplays for the last 40 years.
Where do you live where people harass you?
Complete just a page a day and that is roughly three features a year, give or take a few weeks for brainstorming/outlining.
I think that is a big part of it, a "don't stare at me, do your fucking job and stop acting like it's a big deal being here", is pretty common in the industry, if you get ga-ga over celebrities or anything it's the wrong place for you to be, so it can be seen as disrespectful and unprofessional if you're gawking at people.
Vincent looks in the case, the entire point of contention between him and Jules and what they spend most of the film discussing is Vincent's skepticism vs. Jules spiritual awakening; why would he flat out reject the concept of God, miracles, and the supernatural after having personally witnessed a soul?
I HIGHLY recommend the film "Funny Bones" if you like him, he is BRILLIANT in it, and it's another great-late role for Jerry Lewis.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EE1wCo3N6As
Well I don't know if it's "religious", but it's right in the dialogue, Jules argues that Vincent needs to recognize a miracle happened and Vincent refuses claiming that life is just coincidences.   Not to mention their entire discussion at the end, Jules wants to travel the earth seeking spiritual purity, and Vincent says that he is just going to be a worthless bum.   I think you can't analyze the case storyline without dealing with the fact that it has a spiritual aspect to it.
I never said that the film was CHRISTIAN, I merely said that SPIRITUALITY and recognizing miracles is a central theme of the Jules/Vincent storyline, all religious themes does not mean a "Christian"-theme.  Jules recognizes that there is more to life than the violence he exists in and leaves it.   Vincent refuses to recognize that and is destroyed by it.
Why do you have little faith in John Goodman?
China is the minority of debt holders, and holding our debt does not hurt us, it's an investment in us because we pay back our debts.   That isn't the issue.
Buy a shirt, tell them you're going to look at one last thing before you leave, get something more expensive, pop off the security stuff and take it to the front, on the way to the front toss it in your bag.   You just go ahead and toss it in the bag if there is no one back in the section you're looking at.
Because they didn't want it rotting on the surface of the ground with flies and coyotes snooping around to feast on a rotting corpse which makes everything smell like death?
But offering the card adds that little extra plausibility even if they don't run it. If they do run it just act confused if it doesn't show up and they always give a gift card.
I think there is a big difference between being a stupid kid and using a few drugs and being a destroyed person.
The cops would have been there within the first minute of the video and he would have been on the ground drowning in his own blood.
An attack on Zionism as a concept is an attack on Jews having political self-determination.   You can attack the opinions of a wrong feminist without attacking the concept of feminism. Feminism is just the idea that women deserve equal rights to men, if someone who is a radicalist pulls that into a wrong and hateful direction it doesn't undermine feminism as a concept just that person.   Just like the existence of evil or radical zionists shouldn't undermine the Jewish people's right to control their own destiny.
Depends on your definition of "not rare". Statistically thet happen max a few hundred times a year, most gun crime is gang related not previously uncriminal people getting into arguments.
And now it's not illegal and crime is still going down.
More like, for years people warned against it because gun crime would go up and it didn't.   I am not saying they are connected, I am saying that they increased and what was claimed would happen didn't.
Except I never said that. I said that critics said more CC would lead to an epidemic of public shootings, it didn't, they have gone down.
Mass shootings are so small on the first place that even a handful of extra shootings can double them. Mass shootings are a minority of gun crimes, and the increase in them happened long after the liberalization of CC.   I didn't put an argument forward, I merely stated that critics of gun rights said it would lead to an epidemic of gun violence and overall it has done the opposite of what they said it would.
Do you have anything to prove that?   Because the word of god is that Neo had special wireless equipment.
I don't want a choice between a criminal and a blow-hard.   I'll vote third party, and if the wrong person gets voted in, it won't be my responsibility that everyone else also didn't vote their conscience and got with their gut instead of taking a bit out of a shit sandwich like everyone else.   I refuse, if everyone else simply did the same there would be no, "lesser of two evil" choice.   It's on everyone else to simply choose not to as well.
No it won't, because it is a collective responsibility for everyone to choose the best candidate.   If they choose the least worst of two candidates when there are dozens available, that is on them, and has absolutely nothing to do with me.   I have no responsibility to be a accessory of a two-party system which regularly fails the American people. Ignorance of the amazing variety of alternative choices, and third parties who are closer ideologically to what I and other voters want is no excuse.   If someone wants to be ignorant of alternative choices, and buy into the failing two-party system, sure, do it.   I won't.
We've spent the primaries figuring out who REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS want, which together demographically represent less than 25% of the total US population, and Americans who support the parties regularly express disappointment that the party does not 100% represent them.   The idea that the Republicans and Democrats alone represent what Americans want is totally unfounded in reality, and the fact that they both replaced other parties and came from periods of time with more than two major parties.   I am only responsible for voting who I believe is the best person, not the lesser worse candidate of a false two choice system which I have absolutely no obligation to be a part of.   The COLLECTIVE has a responsibility to vote for the best candidate, if they chose the lesser of two bad candidates instead of the superior third party candidates, then it is a collective failure, and has absolutely nothing to do with me.   I will be voting against my self interest with EITHER a Clinton or Trump presidency, I have no obligation to make the false choice of harming my self interest in barely different ways, why would I want to fuck myself over by voting for either of those monsters, instead of voting for a third party candidate who isn't a sociopath?
Except once again, they don't have a obligation to choose between the two party system, no one HAS to make that choice.   They only "have" to make that choice because everyone else feels like they "have" to make that choice, and they simply do not.   Over half of the country approves of neither candidate, if those people simply follow their displeasure and vote for a third party candidate, that person would win in a landslide.   There is absolutely no reason for anyone to feel like they have to choose a member of the republicans or democrats at all.   They won't have an easy chance to win if everyone who disapproves of them simply votes third party.
Except all of the candidates have a possibility of winning if people simply stopped operating within the false premise of "one or the other".   It's a total illusion, we have a democracy, and at least a half dozen different candidates that will be on all 50 state ballots.   It is simply a failure of people to be informed about all of their choices if they refuse to make a choice outside of the two-party system.
It is a false premise, nothing is stopping you from choosing a superior third party. All everyone simply has to do is NOT vote for the two awful choices we are left with. They are not the only candidates in the race.
Because he is still a human being first and foremost.
Except it's not, you're reading it wrong.   We shouldn't kill off as many species as we want because it would upset the balance and hurt US, it would hurt PEOPLE.   The push to stop species from being wiped out has NOTHING to do with "saving the planet", and everything to do with SAVING US.   The planet will be fine, there is absolutely nothing that humanity can do to harm life on this rock on geological scales, no virus we could engineer, no nuclear disaster we could execute, no war we could wage, nothing that could permanently destroy life on this planet.   The harm that we do only harms us, protecting the environment has absolutely nothing to do with selflessness and everything to do with selfishness.   Those species don't matter, something would kill them, us killing creatures and killing species doesn't really matter, once again, on geological scales, most species get wiped out, the ecosystem can handle that.   But you need to understand what I am saying. We shouldn't protect the planet because of some long-term damage we are doing to the planet, or that life is somehow going to be disrupted over the 100,000 to 10,000,000 year scale, it isn't, we are a blip on the radar.   Everything we do, we are, and should realize, we do for ourselves to keep humanity from being only a blip on the radar.
I feel like Justin Timberlake and Miley Cyrus and Lady Gaga have all gone through significant transformations.   Justin Timberlake's output has consistently been above-average and gotten better, and he has always had some more experimental edges to some of his more recent stuff.   Miley Cyrus is now going off the rails and doing experimental collabs with The Flaming Lips, and I feel like she's being truer to herself than she was in her earlier career.   And Lady Gaga went from a very straightforward singer-songwriter-pianist, to this bizarre pop figure.   I feel like we still have a lot of pop musicians that have gone through radical transformations.
On a website that used to have some of Jelani's poetry and raps on it, he had one called "Waiting", here is a quote from it, "Well again I write to you with thoughts of loneliness. Bored out of my mind and the only thing I really want to do it pop a few pills and go to bed. For real, but on the side note I just finished watching the matrix movie."  Not saying that it proves anything, and the character you take on in a song doesn't necessarily reflect who you are, but are we certain he didn't do drugs, if we take his verse at face value?   They say the tox screening was clear, but you have to test for specific things, and what if he took a pill thinking it was something else and it killed him or he overdosed in some way that wasn't easily testable in a tox screening?   No robbery happened, his new shoes and hat were left alone, his wallet still had everything in it, no one had a beef with him as far as anyone can figure...   So doesn't an accidental ingestion or overdose of something and his friends panicking make sense? Especially if it was a drug that they didn't think to check for in the tox screening, or a drug that simply metabolizes quickly and maybe was not super visible in the screening?
Except we haven't.   The ozone is and has repaired itself over time, we have done absolutely no irreversible harm to our oceans, if we disappeared tomorrow there would be almost no evidence of technological civilization in 100,000 years other than a few long-lived radioactive compounds (which do not exist in concentrations high enough throughout the entire biosphere to destroy it, merely to be detectable).   There is absolutely nothing we have done to the planet that is going to still be causing damage in 100,000 years.   Even if we engaged in a nuclear war, fired off every bio and chemical weapon, and dumped every dangerous thing we could find directly into the ocean, almost none of that ecological damage would still be recognizable in 100,000 years much less in a few million.   If an asteroid that hit us so hard that it altered the tilt of the planet, several super volcanoes, and thousands of years of acid rain so acidic that it was the equivalent of vinegar pouring out of the sky... couldn't stop life on earth, then what chance do we to alter it.   The oceans have been reduced to lemon juice before, the atmosphere has been torn apart, the planet Earth and our ancestors faced countless disasters, but over geological scales of hundreds of thousands and millions of years, life has ALWAYS bounced back.   Humanity at this stage in it's progress simply lacks the ability to permanently destroy life on Earth.   Everything we do in protecting the environment has absolutely nothing to do with protecting the future of life on Earth, and everything to do with protecting us.   As far as your anti-natalism, that's your business, if you believe in species level suicide, so be it, but I think that an unobserved universe isn't not only worthless, but astoundingly boring, and we have an obligation as the smartest thing on the planet to keep ourselves alive.   Parasites are a negative because parasites add nothing, human beings add quite a bit with our intelligence and observations, intelligent life is the rarest and most important thing we know of in the universe, without it it is simply meaninglessness.   Only intelligent life brings meaning to the universe, only intelligent life can bring species back to life (instead of just allowing a species to evolve into a vacated niche).   Technically all life is just as much a parasite as us, all life generates pollution, for example there was nothing to break down cellulose during the Carnoniferous period for millions of years, so fallen trees literally choked the surface of the planet and caused widespread ecological disruption.   On geological scales there is no such thing as true "pollution", simply new elements which the ecosystem adapts to and resources that have yet to be exploited. Pollution only matters on human lifescales, because natural evolution simple doesn't work that fast as far as we know.   So if you are angry that humans cause environmental destruction, none of it is permanent, and everything causes environmental disruption.   It's our responsibility as the smartest species to be good shepherds and protect things because it makes things better for us in the short term.   If you want humanity wiped out, then you need to support MORE pollution and more ecological disruption, because it will hurt humanity, there is a chance it could even make us extinct, but for the planet and the ecosystem thousands of years down the line? It won't even be affected.
He was carried and put there after overdosing was my suggestion.
Why would anyone waste money on shutting up people on Twitter who can just be ignored? The production of a TV series can run into the millions of dollars, depending on how many episodes are ordered.   A company will only spend money if they think something can make money, not just to shut up fans.
It's Tangerine + Orange, it isn't the same as Orange Lavaburst.
It's a tangerine and orange blend, it's different from the orange flavor that is widely available "Orange Lavaburst".
Pretty different, Ecto Cooler is much tangier and Tangerine tastes different from regular orange. If you don't believe me taste tangerine juice next to orange juice, or eat a tangerine and then an orange, they have different flavors.   You're thinking of Shoutin' Orange Tangergreen, which is the name the flavor had after they dropped Ecto-Cooler, which then discontinued in 2007.   Tangergreen (and by extension Ecto Cooler) has a different flavor from Orange Lavaburst.   If you don't believe me, please find a can of Ecto Cooler and taste it next to a can or box of Orange Lavaburst, they are very different.
I think that the Osmo is kind of a toy if you aren't doing live-event photography. If you need to cover live events that your company does, it could be helpful, but it isn't a general use camera that I would use for everyday  commercial or advertising shoots for instance.   The FS7 is a camera I have used multiple times, and I think it's a really great camera, the controls are great, it spits out a great image, I am really happy with it.   BUT, and this is a big but, if you're wanting to shoot primarily commercial stuff for your brand, you have to think about what the planned medium is for your commercials. Are these going to appear on television, or is it web only?   Think about how few 4K devices are out there right now, and ask if a 4K camera is really necessary if most of your advertising is going to be on-line, especially if it's going to be primarily through social media and targeted ads. Most people will be viewing the footage on a mobile device, so maybe resolution isn't the end-all-be-all for the camera you need.   Depending on the kind of company you're running, and the kind of ad campaign you are planning, I would think long and hard about doing it myself versus hiring an outside party, and really crunch those numbers.   You need to be certain that your people have experience running the kind of media you want to push out, and you need to factor in all of the costs (in both time and money) of doing this in-house versus hiring outside photography/videography/commercial people.   If you're going to be doing weekly/daily updates on your brand from your offices, then it would definitely benefit you to invest in your own gear.   If you're going to do something like a half-dozen things a year, it may benefit you to hire outside assistance.   You might want to look at the FS5 because it may be more than sufficient for what you want to do, it can do almost 90% of the stuff the FS7 can do for about half the cost.   If you want to save money, something like the Panasonic GH4, or the Nikon D750 are both GREAT video cameras that also take really good stills, and would potentially be great for both product photography and for video, and what they can put out may very well be more than adequate for what you want to do, but at the same time I also may not be, all depending on what you're imagining for your campaign.
Depending on how much stuff you have to shoot... you can get a full production package for under $500 a day, if you shoot less than 10 things a year it would be better to rent than to buy.   If you buy you are locked into a platform for a few years, at a loss to yourself since digital cameras ONLY depreciate in value unless they are of historic value and rare (which a Sony FS7 is not and will never be.)  So when the FS8, or the GH5, of the D950, or the C1000, etc. come out and are DRAMATICALLY better than last years model, you will have to re-up at thousands of dollars worth of loss, or fall behind technologically.   If you rent, you don't have to worry about the cost of staying on the cutting edge, or of buying new equipment, you get rental insurance if an intern knocks over a camera the warranty be damned, you just spend a few hundred dollars and get what you need.  So you don't have to spend the cost to stay updated, you don't have to set aside a special secure room to store your thousands of dollars worth of equipment, you don't have to front the costs if something is broken or damaged while on a shoot.   So it all comes down to how much shooting are you realistically going to be doing, not how much shooting you imagine you will be doing, or how much shooting you possible could be doing, but how much will you actually be doing?   If you are doing daily/weekly social media updates, it makes sense to invest in some camera/media equipment.   If you only need it for a few kickstarter campaigns a year, it will be so much cheaper in the long term for you to rent.   A top-of-the-line camera package is a big investment, and that big initial investment versus renting takes a LONG time to pay for itself, by the time it usually does (depending on how much shooting you're doing), the equipment is dated, that has to be taken into consideration.
That's why you put people movers and Jetson sidewalks, and segways everywhere.
Read examples in the thread, a few people mentioned their own stories. One person thought of his gun as going down to the range and firing off some rounds, an anti-gun person imagined it in a offensive context and that she'd go and kill a bunch of people for no reason.   Also, I think that while a gun as a tool is indeed designed to kill, what the killing is for of course matters. Not all death is the same, not all killing is unjustified.   Most people get a gun for self-defense, while an anti-gun person only things of the gun in regards to it's potential for crime, so self-defense (life protection), versus simply destructive crime.   So when you talk about a tool, you have to think about goals. Guns are about acting as a deterrent, they are about acting defensively, they are about sports, they are about equality between a weak person and a stronger person.   Guns have a lot of uses outside of "kill", and the vast majority of guns spend the most of their life utilized in target shooting and sports than in either self-defense or crime situations.   So if you're going to label a tool based on what most examples of it it do the most, you have to label a gun as a sporting tool.
All technology requires certain doors to be opened to progress. The idea that "technology could have progressed so much faster if X had just gotten out of the way", isn't really supported by evidence.   The idea that a industrial revolution could have happened thousands of years ago doesn't make sense, there needed to be interlocking support structures for the tech to progress, and being able to build a single example of a steam engine would not have produced a revolution.   To make the metals necessary you need to develop steel, you need new tech in the mines, you need new agricultural tech to support more food to support a larger population that is more likely to produce faster scientifice advancements, etc.   Everything is interwoven, and technology largely has progressed at exactly the rate that it has been possible to move it at.
The smartest people are almost always aware of the repercussions of the technology, so they generally keep some kind of tight control over it.   If they are good, they are worried about their tech being used negatively, so they try to keep it in their own hands. They know that if they create free energy it will destroy millions of coal miner's jobs overnight, so they kind of have to offer up their technology in increments, because the most radical technology if introduced too quickly could upset society.   The second thing is mass-production, a single example of a portal to another world, or a flying car, or a cure for cancer may have been prototyped in their lab, but perhaps they simply haven't figured a way to mass-produce it yet. Maybe their individual example of the advanced technology took them individually months or years to make, but they have yet to find a way to scale up the tech to mass-production levels.   So while they can make a single flying car, they have yet to plan out the factory to make millions, nor how to make those millions affordable to people that may not even want flying cars since they are so much more complicated to pilot that regular cars.   If they are a bad guy, they may selfishly want to maintain their edge on a technology so they can use it for their own purposes. If they invent a technology that allows them to liquefy concrete, they want to keep it as secret as possible so THEY can use it to rob banks. Maybe they are selfish, maybe they are simply short-sighted, or maybe they are suffering from the same issue the good-guy is, in that there is no way for them to mass-produce and market the thing they created, so the easiest thing to do is to benefit themselves individually.   Then if there is some government agency, the bureaucracy can be worried about how technology can be used by terrorists or criminals, or how it will cause panic in the populace, so they try to keep it tightly controlled, or simply tag it and forget about it and it gets lost in the bureaucracy.   So it is either out of benevolence to try to keep their tech from disrupting society too quickly, or because they are worried of how it'll be used or how it'll change society in the hands of less responsible people.   Or they are less benevolent and more selfish, and want to utilize the technology for personal gain, or like the good guy they don't know of how to market or mass-produce their technology.   Or they are more neutral, and just try to keep it contained to prevent disruptions, or it simply gets lost in bureaucracy.
I feel that it represents a huge swath of the population, with very diverse populations both religiously and racially, and are widely among the most accepting countries as far as homosexuality is concerned.   Various polls have found that the western world hovers around 70-80+% acceptance rates as far as homosexuality is concerned, in Africa, the Middle East, Russia, and huge portions of asia, homosexuality has very very low acceptance rates.   So if your theory is that anti-homosexual intolerance makes people more likely to become and stay closeted, then the Western world would be the best place to take polls and do studies about prevalence.   https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/06/05/a-revealing-map-of-the-countries-that-are-most-and-least-tolerant-of-homosexuality/  http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/
