I'm not sure. If you look at this phenomenon carefully, you can see that 0-click presses always occur in pairs with 1-click presses one second afterwards. I just don't know what this means.
Many redditors seem to have a thing with telling people to calm down.
Why are you talking with such finality?
Yet it's still needed constantly.
I mean, if my body would just *tell* me it needs water, I'd go drink some. Why's it got to be all underhanded like this?
I thought that too, I guess because of the crazy overtake.
Is it me is or everyone else misunderstanding this comment?
You have confused me greatly.
...I've just realised I was being really dumb. I somehow took 15 to be the year of birth... so either 1915 or 2015. Now I get it.
Agreed
Bit of a shame I think. The sub was far from dying.
Oh man, such anti-America circlejerk amirite
I think he was just making a joke. After all, when have you ever seen a flag with a watermark on it?
Literally none on that wall are right. Though I guess Japan's is close.
He must really hate pro gaming
Reads like Roald Dahl
I wonder how many Channel Islands they went with.
I definitely don't think the audience is supposed to dislike his character. In fact, he's probably one of the ones people empathise with more.
Oh yeah, didn't notice the complete edition was on summer sale. It's £7.49 for me; I wonder why you get it cheaper?
I'm always slightly disappointed when I don't see Guernsey nestled between Guatemala and Guinea. You think you guys have it bad; I have an extra step in selecting a country.
Exactly. The only people who think they are identical don't have the best grasp of the English language.
Can't imagine you've met many English people
&gt;not unnatural  &gt;not impure  &gt;creepy  What does creepy even mean any more?
Man bacteria just don't get a break do they
I don't think he was seriously calling it proof.
That's because no one actually says moggy, except the odd British grandma
Yeah, I meant late in the morning. I thought they had to start by 9am.
If you can't recognise a question formed in this manner then you are severely out of the loop.
Is it me or does the toff on the right look like Wojak?
I can't imagine life without uniforms
Which isn't a good thing.
Seems a bit weird to use a device that is relatively accessible to others and low on memory to store photos that you can't need to see that often.
Why not? Think of all the time you would save by not having to choose what to wear!
Yeah, but 4chan does a good job of hiding everything useful.
This will divide opinion.
Give it a rest; there's no prevalent anti-America circlejerk on reddit. One post, not even criticising America, makes it to the top and you start whining.
There are too many Americans on reddit for there to be a prevalent circlejerk against it.
I love this phenomenon. I really thought it was universal until I saw people thinking it was weird to want to crush and consume whatever cute thing it is. [Key and Peele get it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6iC0Vi1yEg)
The house on the left is nothing short of abhorrent
I think it's positively ugly. I can't stand wrinkly faces and big bulbous heads. Its eyes are also far too far apart.
He's shorter than I expected.
I don't think that's too unreasonable
I prefer [this one.](http://zoomquilt2.madmindworx.com/zoomquilt2.swf)
So THAT's why it's called astroturfing! That's brilliant!
Looks to me like the person holding the camera jumped a bit after the seal. I like it for the comedic effect.
What's up with her face? She looks like a shop mannequin.
But seriously, how can you be sure of that?
Oh... maybe I should watch this movie
Can't people just identify the accents of the voice actors? Or are they all over the place.
How can you be sure that it's more frequent?
