I loved that game but I beat it in a couple hours and I'm not one for the challenges and stuff
Good skill if you decide to watch attack on titan, intro is like 8 minutes long
Offroading(or more building up your truck), lifting weights, just depends how much you wanna delve into it
Eh. I feel like planted tanks can get equally or more ridiculous than saltwater (although admittedly I know near nothing of saltwater tanks) What with light levels, light spectrums, co2 systems, conditions to breed different fish and inverts.. but the coolest part to me is simply the styling of the whole thing. Look up aquascaping contests, some of those tanks are so damn cool. If someone told me 3 years ago that setting up a fish tank is a form of art I would roll my eyes but it totaly is, and it's almost the only form of artistic expression that I really enjoy. I'm creating a little underwater world in which different critters will interact. Then after initial planting you get to watch it all grow out. You kind of set it up not in a way that looks super awesome, but in a way that will look super awesome when all of your plants start taking off.  Edit: oops, I kinda misunderstood what you were saying, my rant pretty much confirms what you say instead of arguing against it.
Take his advicd, stop comparing yourself to other people,  your lift numbers are not very good. But that's totally ok because you're new to this. Just go lift weights until you can lift more than you used to
That's so fucking extreme
If you haven't heard the acoustic version of that song,look it up. One of my favorite songs of all time
That's the worst mallet ever
Oh thank fuck. I've heard of it but haven't seen it but knowing it's fake helps a lot
They're creepy to me
What I hate is girls saying "hey you ahould ____" instead of asking for something . "Oh that's what I should do?"
I hated alice in Wonderland
Looks good except i think it would look nicer if you could. Make the rocks look somehow related, either all tilted the same way or maybe like the peaks of a mountain
Hell yeah! Good for you that's awesome! Just know that no kiss will ever be that exciting again. It's still awesome to kiss someone you really care about but it more just feels really comfortable
Definitely.  I'm not huge into fighting games but that was probably my favorite, played the shit out of the first and second
I feel like writing commercials would be really fun if you got creative with them. Basically writing a short with some product placed in there
I opened the link and literally said holy shit" out loud.  That tank is amazing Edit: that's only 8.5 gallons?  On my first look I thought it was like 50+
6 foot at 185 is small?? I mean it isn't huge but i wouldn't say small  Edit:  for a bodybuilder, i realize it's small. I just mean as a person in general
True. But one is more important. I definitely appreciate good graphics but don't really judge a game based on them.
You normally fill those jugs with purified drinking water so I wouldn't think so
Get hella drunk
Hmm that's a possibility.I'll give it a shot
Maybe instead of hooked up to traffic data you could just have them cycle thru green, yellow red?
Good point.
Nice doodle! What about the left side?  I was thinking tall crypts in both back corners
Great fucking idea I'm going to do that next year
Infections can be pretty gross
90% of this thread is the same shit
Without the experience you'd assume it's the same spot as your weiner
I think i read that they do this is north Korean prison camps. Sad shit
So many forced expositions
Good thing all drunks make sure to shoot exactly up in the air
I loved that show but it always creeped  me out a little
I need more tetras
I love that episode  Edit: I don't think I'm super tough
I just cant get over the name "Hogarth"
Having to actually do that would be one of the worst things ever
Colin ferrel is so good at an American accent I forget he sounds like a goddamn leprechaun
Theyve gotten so out of hand the last couple years. Thanfully they seem to be on the way out
I never knew how to put it into words but that's perfect
Wow. That's some sociopath level shit. Fuck that lady
That's one of the funniest things I've seen in a while
That's how I define hobbies. Something with creative output even if it's just a little
Looks like he's getting some ghetto medical care
Wouldn't this problem be avoided by just turning off ans cutting power to the computer before driving?
Yeah but smartphones+internet are fucking insane
It's just way more weird than I remember
Nobody likes you when you're 23--
I was coming to warn of this. its so bad
Don't buy rocks from a lfs, they charge so much
