Seems like the draw calls are a huge bottleneck , maybe DX12 will help?
Someone needs to take Java &amp; co away from Oracle, they are like a child destroying their toys.
Is he really that bad? His take control of all minions effect seems quite strong, or is he bad because all other cards are much stronger?
Bet he's looking for lemonade.
Why the fuck would you call it sexism then?
Looks awesome! But fragile at the same time, or is it thicker than it looks like?
Maybe you should present proof/evidence of your own if you want people to actually argue your point.
Why would anyone lie about that tho?
Unless Ichigo actually learned from Aizen and getting his Bankai broken is actually part of his plan!
105℃ is not true, at least for Haswell-E pretty sure 103℃ is thermal shutdown.
Are you doing any work that needs the double precision of a fire pro? If not get a consumer card. Depending on what you program you might want an i7 however that would leave little room for your GPU and the i5 is enough in most cases anyway.
Do you need that optical drive? You could install windows from a usb drive and save the 50 bucks or use them to buy a better cooler (the 212 should be fine if you overclock moderately).    This part is purely opinion but I would get a cheaper case and save the money (or put it towards something else).
If it happens on a different socket that would also be my guess.
It go with the 3820 if it was a 6 core however that only stars with the 5820k. I'd get a newer i5, OP.
Sure, go for it if a 750 is enough for you!
Parking like this is actually illegal in germany.
Even with a 6600k you probably won't have too much trouble streaming, glad I could help.
It actually isn't, it does raise appetite for actual sugar iirc but just drinking diet is almost like drinking water (calorie wise).
Jokes on them, I know the IPs by heart.
&gt; But I have seen PLENTY of people drink and basically become psychotic/mentally unstable to the point where it was causing trouble. &gt;   That is because alcohol is used as an excuse. It's not the alcohol itself doing this.
&gt; I honestly think that Meteos wasnt going into the game to int, but was drunk and not taking it serious at a certain point. The enemy team was pretty strong, but as Brand support Meteos still had enough damage to try an kill enemies for quite a while, which he failed many times by straight up missing abilities, not seeing another enemy approaching and getting fucked by their teamcomp. &gt;   I thought so up until about death 10, that's when it's pretty evident he is just there to feed them. Also being drunk is not an excuse, it does not prevent your brain from functioning. He knew VERY well what he was doing.
This isn't about meteos, I don't care if he gets banned or not. Imo, intentionally feeding should be heavily punished. If someone doesn't want to play a game they can AFK or leave, INTing just shows that the player is not only unwilling to play the game (and thus already ruining the other 4 players game) but to go even further and make it as bad as possible.
Vayne is kinda bad to pick as your OTP main. She's banned too often.
You really think a yasuo main will play malphite instead of riven vayne etc.?
To be fair Bronze V is like another universe with different physics.
I really like lolskill.net for that.
Should I be worried if the song played in my head?
I honestly don't know where all these ADCs have been in the past seasons. Vi can turn you inside out right now, and she could do that back then just as well.
I didn't! Does it even make much of a difference?
I abused that shit to no end. You didn't even have to land a tripple Q to obliterate someone someone.
Ah I remember AP poppy. SHE was the real assassin.
&gt;Imaqtpie is the best league streamer/entertainer out there.    No.
What's the problem learn to play support and win games because the other support has no clue how to play the god damn role.
Yup. That's why you should take most kills for yourself when you jungle, unless you gank for your duo partner.
I think this is mostly muscle memory to try and not cancel the autoattack.
Eh, people get autofilled support and don't really play it, wouldn't change much.
Your motherboard would be fine even without any fans most of the time.
I actually wouldn't be surprised if amazon did those on purpose, free publicity.
People always underestimate just how much damage shyv does with Bloodrazor + Titanic.
Leveling professions is easy peasy.    I would suggest Jewelcrafting or Enchanting + Tailoring or a gathering profession.    Jewelcrafting needs lots of Blood of Sargeras so take it on a character you play actively, take Enchanting on one you play rarely since they don't need as much BoS to make gold.    Alchemy does make lots of money but you will need to invest at least 20-100k per recipe for it to become profitable.
I mean, if someone is being an annoying shit pulling packs when the party is struggling with just one, I'll tell the guy to get his act together but just not tanking slows down everyone.
Definitely worth, every node is worth about 30-60gold depending on the flower just getting every flower in your way when doing world quests is a great source of income.    You can get the 'Legion Herbalism' enchantment from the AH for about 100g which reduces the time it takes to pick flowers to 0.5s.
Pretty sure you can't.
Honestly, don't be afraid of playing on a PvP server, the only difference is that the opposing faction can always attack you (except for sanctuaries, like main cities). You won't have any problems finding raid groups even on PvP servers.
For starters only queue as damage dealer, so you can get a feel on how people do dungeons. Your only job is, well, doing damage and it isn't a big deal if a single damage dealer is completely new. After that you can try Tank / Heal (if your class can do those roles) both aren't complex but in dungeons they are the only ones in their roles. So if you die as healer that can mean the rest is going to die as well.
Always have a SotR stack rolling tho, no point in ever having it sit at 3 unless you absolutely need to have a longer duration one later down the line which is pretty much never.
Talents seem fine, for CD usage I would save BoP / Bubble for later uses since you want to just tunnel the boss and not waste GCDs but that shouldn't really matter.   Instead of Prolonged you should be using Potions of the Old War.  With how many Infernals do you enter P2? Anything more than 2 and your DPS is probably too low on the first boss.    Don't save any cooldowns for the infernals, just start tunneling Kruul once he spawns. Try to survive two Annihilates with AD (use one early one, tank two other ones by different means and then another one with AD, have your selfheal ready for that). I have found the helmet to be really helpful for the challenge instead of sephuz (I did it with Head / Belt since I STILL don't have the pants).
Ich schneide die einfach immer mit einem Messer auf, macht das nicht jeder so?
You should never have 3 stacks ready on SotR, use more of them when you take damage for extended periods.    If you actually took aggro from the other tank unintentionally then the other tank was just bad. Depending on your itemlevel I can see how they thought you are too squishy since you tanked adds as well, but at higher itemlevels you should be able to tank that.
Healers that do damage when they realize that I/the party do not need any healing currently.
