I'm confused. What kind of memory did you reawaken?
\&gt; investing in apple/microsoft/google instead of just stealing their ideas and making that company yourself
I only down voted because of your stupid "inb4 I get downvoted haha I don't care". That's not relevant to the discussion and makes your comment low quality.
&gt; no reason not to click beginner  It's pretty easy to win even if you click expert. After a few games smurf detection kicks in and games actually get interesting. I don't think people like stomping pointless games that much or else they'd just play intro bots.
Slot efficiency isn't that important until 6 items anyway. QSS is still a powerful item even if it's cheap. Like I said, it used to not even build into anything at all and it was still good.   What's wrong with the stat efficiency? Do you not like having MR vs Malzahar?
That's just greedy if you expect a defensive item to not put you behind on damage. It also delays ADC damage in the same way.
Zyra's decent, just niche. I honestly don't want to see her at 20% pick rate because that just leads to more nerfs.
Use sharex. Probably the best screenshot software and it lets you automatically upload to imgur or any other site. Gyazo really does suck ass.
Try sharex. Like gyazo, but it uploads to imgur.
Why not? That's like saying it doesn't make sense that Zed doesn't use mana or that Miss Fortune can't stun people. Champions don't all have to be the same.
Valve monetization leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth. I hate the crate/case/chest system they have in all their games. It feels like they're throwing combination flyer/lottery tickets at you and pretending it's some kind of reward. The whole system is set up to prey on as many mental vulnerabilities as possible.
Valve only sells cosmetics, while Riot also sells gameplay content. But Valve markets far more aggressively than Riot (maybe because they only make money from cosmetics?). The aggressive marketing is what turns me off, while I don't really mind having a small champion pool. You have your opinion, and I have mine. It just depends on whether you prefer a paywall or very aggressive marketing.
You mean, it would make them much less effective. Poke mages don't win by going all in on full health opponents. If you buy an early revolver against Ziggs, he'd lose all his kill potential. Basically the lane would be shitty and boring for everyone involved.
Broken on Ryze. You could just stack AP and vamp and 1v5.
If Rammus were released tomorrow, then maybe he wouldn't be so braindead  easy to play.
It's relative to your elo, so if your rank 5 players are garbage that speaks to the elo.
It's all based on context and who you say it to. You can say "fuck their nidalee, that shit is fucking bullshit" in team chat but you can't say "dumbass" or "you're shit" to a team mate.
s/everyone/a lot of smart people/
People in low elo thinking they know how to play better than other people in low elo, so they post their impotent rage on Reddit, thinly disguised as advice
You're confusing millionaires with billionaires. Millionaires are regular people with good jobs and sound investments who have worked all their lives. If you own a decent house in a city, you're a millionaire. Nothing illuminati about that.   Don't lump billionaires in with millionaires. Billionaires have a thousand times as much money -- they're the ones pulling strings in the back and crashing markets for profit.
100K points with your favourite champion and you still don't have all the skins? What kind of casual are you?
Still a better scheme that Valve's chest crap.
What? No. The big 3 of burst APs got nerfed (Luden, Zhonya, Dcap). If you're suggesting that burst mages will build archangel or roa instead that delays their mid game damage too much.
This is insane. Liandry's buff (30 AP for 100 gold), Rylai's change that lets plants apply a 40% slow semi-permanently, Void Staff is more slot efficient, and NLR is easier to build as a support. I'm gonna enjoy the freelo while it lasts, but I'm worried about nerfs.
Cons: enemy no longer has to decide between focusing Zyra and focusing ADC.
New liandry's will be strong but still situational (please don't rush it on katarina). The best parts of the item are also unique. These two factors mean that we won't see league of liandry's like the league of cleavers where everyone stacked at least 2 cleavers.  What will actually happen is that liandry's champions will be stronger, but champions that didn't build liandry's before still won't build liandry's.
If you want to build differently, then play Corki or Kalista or Kog'Maw or whatever. The build for traditional ADCs is very "constant", but that's like saying the build for LeBlanc is very "constant". Even after the AP item changes you won't ever see LeBlanc building Liandry's, Nashor's, or Rod of Ages (sorry Siv HD). The reason AP seems more diverse is because there are more types of AP champions (some burst, some kite, some autoattack, some have utility).
It's possible that OP noticed less movespeed as a result of the recent utility changes.
I think it would be cool if you could see into the chests by standing next to them with mind vision or item detection (from the well or the artifact).
No, it was super snowbally and boring to boot. If you got BT first you were guaranteed to win lane. Lifesteal and extra AD meant that the enemies could neither all in nor whittle you down.
The RNG nature is a wrinkle, I'll admit. But I firmly believe early lifesteal is terrible for bot lane.   With lifesteal: If you are stronger, you are guaranteed to win lane (because you can trade and heal, while they get zoned). You can afford to make mistakes because you can heal back up quickly.  Without lifesteal: you are stronger, but your victory isn't assured. You can still get poked out of lane, or at least to the point where the enemy can fight you. If you pick a fight, you'll be able to win, but if you play carelessly (getting hit by random Caitlyn Qs or support poke), you don't have a crutch to fall back on.  I think the second scenario is more fair meta. Being ahead still means you have a lead, but it doesn't become suffocating. I'll take the downside of RNGesus rather than the fundamentally suffocating lifesteal meta.
&gt; if an ally is determined to ruin your game, they can already do so.  That's not the point. I don't care about how an ability can be used to intentionally troll. I'm worried about well-meaning players (i.e. 95% of players) messing up the ability and hurting teammates. Bard messing up his ult can create a lot more frustration for his team than Annie missing her ult, and this frustration can lead to toxicity. It's like how J4 can "help" his team, and that usually isn't done on purpose.
This honestly sounds like the worst of both worlds
Yeah, the ability really needs some QoL changes. There needs to be a better indicator of when the delay is over and the shot command should not be able to be input during the delay.
Win rate + pick rate combined will give you a better idea. If both are high, the champion is straight up OP. If win rate is high but pick rate is low, then the champion has potential but isn't OP. If the pick rate is high but win rate is low, then the champion is probably some high skill floor champion that was picked in LCS/LCK and everyone is trying and failing to make plays. These champions might still be OP despite a sub 50 winrate. If the win rate and pick rate are both low, then the champion is just garbage.
Should've been 5th anniversary for maximum effect.
This is weird enough that I'm interested. Send me a link!
They don't really need more aoe cc, and Azir can deal lots of AoE damage too.
Yup, and your team with 2 imports is 10/0 over the rest of the league. Maybe it's time for EU to start importing some competition?
No, that shows your logic is full of shit.
You know what confuses me? Why do people expect or want to own every champion? You've played 2000 games and have 113 champions. On average, you've played every champion you've bought for less than 20 games. Did you grow tired of a champion after only 20 games with them?  People don't expect to learn every single language, nor own every type of pet, nor visit every country. So why do they want to own every champion? Even the most diverse generalists will only really play ~40 champions. If you just want to mess around with random champions and not "seriously" play them, you can try them on free week.
&gt; increasing you and your ally's Ability Power by 20% and Critical Strike Chance by 50%  There's no doubt that AP is being increased multiplicatively. I think it's not out of the question that the Crit is also simply 1.5x whatever crit you had before the multiplier.
Why are you talking shit about Heimer? Have you ever even played against a Heimerdinger? He actually is ridiculously strong, and if you play versus a Heimer main you're in for a bad time.
What a load of nonsense. It's meant to track your experience on a champion. Without this system, how would you know what champions you've played the most? Could you rank your top 5 played champions? There's ranked stats, but what about for normals? If I play roughly 50/50  ranked/normals, that's half my stats not being tracked. We spend a lot of time playing League. I'd like to at least be able to remember what I've played.   Also,  look at champion.gg's winrate-over-games-played chart. For almost any champion, there's a direct correlation. The more games you've played on a champion, the better you will perform. So in that sense if you see mastery rank 7s in your game, they should do better than a badgeless person.
DAE think 90% of players are low elo? xD
Gold is better than 70% of players. Anyway, gold, silver and bronze combined make up 90% of players. Your original comment sounded pretty dismissive of the idea, so explain to me. Why shouldn't Riot design a feature that all players can make use of, rather than excluding the bottom 90%?
Mythic stone dragon cave has a pretty good chance of mythlits for me.
Mythical isn't either, but it's better.
Why the hell is light xuanzhang even in descend carnival? He isn't used for any evos and he's hardly a useful monster.
No, just that 3x normals are no longer optimal now that 10x descends are a thing.
