I kind of agree.
Minato sage mode looks great in both versions imo. A filler of Minato learning sage mode would be great.
Yeah, it's not how he wants to live his life but he's done a hell of a lot more than people expected him to do. Terrible tragic thing to happen but it's great to see his sense of humour and his ambition to run again.
Wat? Both are fine.
Nope. Enjoyed every second of Bloodborne.
Love it
Fantastic mix.
People might not like it but I love this plot twist, unless Kishi is trolling
Love the plot twits and Yamato looks old, looks older than Kakashi
I'm sorry but it died with Reach and stayed dead with 343i's poor attempt with 4
Because he's being salty and a jackass imo. CM Punk did that in bad taste and Ric is being Ric.
Never understood the JarJar hate
It sucks I'll have to wait for the dub, don't like DBZ in Japanese.
Best thing.
I believe Minato would've been able to stop them peacefully with or without Itachi and Shisui's Kotoamatsukami. Minato probably would've reversed Tobirama's decision of separating the villages.
Jon would've made a great live play by play.
Classic Square Japan, announcing things that they barely started on.
I believe they said it goes through 699
Would he even see Kushina in the after life? Reaper death seal keeps your soul wherever and Minato was set free unlike Kushina.
If Activision will allow it. People don't realize publishers need to allow it and I don't see many doing it free(MS paying them), Sony has to pay for games on PSNow and that's why there's a price and not a huge library.
Kakashi will take the Sharingan.
Yes. Danny is great but I preferred Jon and Arin's chemistry.
What? MGSV: GZ, Injustice, First Light, I consider Valiant Heats AAA because of Ubisoft, Oddworld help made the PSOne what it is and imo is a AAA and now Driveclub. Idk how you can say Sony has shown no interest going into Year 2 when there has been "more AAA" than GwG and arguably better Indies on Plus than GwG.
If the publishers give permission for BC. I don't see publishers adding their games to the service without compensation from MS, that's an issue with PSNow.
I never said defeat but Kamui, Tsukuyomi, Izanami, reaper death seal, edo tensei, Sword of Totsuka/Yata mirror, sage of six paths tools  could defeat Z warriors imo.
Only 1? They're dragging out the DLC, it should be two this week and the final two next week.
Or(big or) employers allow more leeway and hire excons.
I wouldn't necessarily call it shit. It's very silly, but good.
It's very silly, but I liked it.  Ps: thank you for [this.](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-W-I0oq3lq1E/UCbgtKbHP-I/AAAAAAAAAOM/Gb4IpEniWzE/s1600/anime-quality-fail-005.jpg)
This also looks like she was paid to take photos in the chair.
This is so much fun watching a healthy PFM again.
That cant be real.   I've never seen one where majority of the photos is the thing they ask you to click.
Only good thing about it was Lightning.
Probably should've said "not much can be done" but your solutions also don't work.
First play through yeah, but they made Roach better after a few patches.
Not a bad game and its very reminiscent of Twisted Metal, but I don't think it will blow up like RL.
Would CES be a place to announce a new firmware update? I doubt it will happen either way.
Colin M said $300 would be the perfect price.
It's dumb. If he didnt get fat and hurt and played like KGJ in his 30s then he'd be 100%.
Going into buildings is nice, but destroying them doesn't feel like GTA and defeats the purpose of a living world.
AC world design was fine, but witcher style will be interesting.
If you honestly think Japan won't buy into FF then you're delusional.
They won't sell squat in Japan ever and idk if they'll even increase EU sales much.
I do enjoy this arc, but it's pretty lengthy for one dream. I'd like to see Shikamaru's dream, Lee's, Neji's etc.
That's unfortunate. Survival is what I want.  Hopefully DayZ gets it's shit together one day.
It's his opinion, but he doesn't have to be blunt about it and tell people that "they're shit".  Just because you don't like something doesn't mean it's shit. I don't like the Beatles and recognize their greatness for what they did, but I don't go around calling the band shit.
I believe that was to fix them.
Blame Tobirama for the Uchiha stuff.
Yeah, but he also felt guilt for it coming down to that.
That's why ge said "may have been". The good fillers are my head canon.
