See! You *are* trying to push your pronunciation!  As I see it, you're saying "Language is fluid, but it's flowing in the way that I use it. Those others are wrong."
Half of it is in the delivery. It can have genuinely nice intentions, or be really condescending/belittling.
I believe it was released that the ERS will only be driving the fronts.  Due to complications and time constraints they're running in the 2MJ category rather than either the 4 or 8MJ categories.  Because they won't be releasing as much ERS, they intend to reduce complexity and not compromise the aero tunnels by sticking driveshafts in them.
Despite its flaws, the PT was pretty exciting to the car market when it first came out.  The chassis wasn't new and the engine, wasn't new, but it was still interesting.   Then they kept making them year after year with essentially no updates. This went on for 10 years. With the speed of cars' technological advancement, 10 years is a long time, especially when the only thing novel about it in the first year was the styling.
Thanks! I don't think many people would call it beautiful, but I like it alright!
I think that widens the gap between the front and rear of the grid.
The fact that they're improving over every session makes me root for them all the more.  It's really a shame that they didn't get their ERS fully sorted out. They've apparently been making some runs with no hybrid energy at all, but still carrying the weight of it.  I hope that further improvement in the corners and the intended ERS can make them competitive.
I like the Nissan's style, but the hottest part of it this past weekend was [under its front wheels.](http://gfycat.com/ColorfulBitterDipper)
I'm glad that they hit the debris. Not because I don't want them classified, but because Bowlby mentioned opportunities for improving "access" for quick repairs, and if something can be learned from that repair work, it's better that they learn it now rather than when they have points/positions on the line.
Maybe they realize that they disappointed many fans, and don't want to set expectations higher than they'll achieve. They were very careful with their words during the race, only talking about "at our current performance level" or that the "aero/engine/suspension worked well throughout" or "the brakes are faring better than we expected."   Now they're talking about progress non-stop, and how can anyone blame them for that? There's no point rubbing anyone's face in their result, since they didn't fail. You'll hear it any any racing series - Everyone's "just focusing on getting the best possible result at the next race" or "learning from the experience and finding opportunities for improvement." The fans have no authority to make a team explain themselves. That's a matter of intra-team chain of command.   Take a look at RBR in F1. They were given a (to be nice) less-than-stellar Power Unit by Renault, and RBR called Renault out repeatedly and publicly, as if to shame them or force them to do better. They complained much more loudly than McLaren did about Honda. Most people didn't like this approach. It creates friction within the team, and between the team and its suppliers.  RLM said that there was some sort of miscommunication about the flywheel's capability, or perhaps over-promising specs. If that's the case, why should Nissan call them out as them out as a reason for being off the pace? They had/have enough of their own shit to work out, so that's what they focused on, and rightfully so.  To sum up, idk the list of, nor the extent of the issues Nissan faced at Le Mans, but I don't believe that it's fair to write off a racing effort after a single race, nor do I feel like I deserve an apology from Nissan.
Nifty idea, but of course expensive.  I've seen a box truck with a screen on the back that is sold for advertising space, but I couldn't help but think that this huge video screen is legal, but aftermarket underglow (and other similar mods) are illegal for being distracting.
I think your downvotes are because your comment comes off like a correction, when you meant it as a clarification for those who don't understand how diesel engines work.
It looks pretty good to me. The sun's at about 11 o'clock, right? The raptors' shadows aren't "pointed" different directions, they're just stretched out and not standing upright like the human.
What a shitpost.  /r/googleplus is about as dead as /r/facebook  Neither is an indicator of the quality of the referenced site.
Do you think Perez still needs some Lotusing? Maybe Verstappen?
I think Igloo is the most popular brand I see around, but I thought I should use the longer version of the slang word.
Is there anyone who defends the Barclays?  I was shown a picture and was flabbergasted!  Nashville's Arena isn't the largest by any means, but it's not that pile of shit!
He hit the scorekeeper?   He should know that it's not that dude's job to keep the puck out of the net.
This is true of everyone, regardless of talent/skill.
We're pretty surprised over in /r/Predators.  We think it's got to be some combination of host team favor plus the fact that Rinne had to sit out of last year's after getting the nod.
I'm upvoting because I like the idea, but I don't think we've been scary this season.
Jones is lesser developed than our two top D pairings - Weber/Josi, Ekholm/Ellis.   We need to make our cup pushes soon, before Rinne and Weber get too old.
You're welcome, bud.   Thank your team for keeping MIN from getting 2 points.
Prets Go Letators!
I miss Hutton commentary.
It is agreed.
It's been discontinued sooo...
Whoa, ease up on the vibrato, dude!
Embrace the tank.
Guys, there's really no need to talk about downvotes.  Yes, they happen.  No, talking about them won't make them go away.  Yes, the more people talk about them, the fewer comments there are about interesting topics.
It was a weak call.
No, our Corsi stats (especially) are actually good, but the score never seems to reflect it.
Work's not a place for smart people.
Great! We wish all the best for him and yall, just not when you're playing us.  I'd say that we both won on this trade.
Also, it's not "Morty's" since it's not a contraction or possessive.
I didn't say that they sound as good now as they did in 2013 and before, but I think that they still sound better in person than on TV.
~$20m difference in pay between Alonso and Button.  Button got almost 45% more points than Alonso.   IMO, Vestappen is probably the best driver for the money, followed by Bottas then Ricciardo.
I think they offer trigger warnings before discussing such topics.
But no one would rank Weber above Alonso and Hamilton, so I think that this distinction is pretty moot.
I think the Wideman thing was intentional in that he saw a body in front of him that wasn't a teammate and hit it.  I don't think he hit the linesman for a lack of call on the previous check.
Omg fuck no
You're right, it shouldn't be Neal, it should be Johansen.
1. [That's not Hot Chicken](http://uproxx.com/life/kfc-hot-chicken/) - I assumed that the video was about KFC.  2. Hot Chicken wont die as long as people want it, and as long as people are capable of making it.
WEST IS BEST  [GNASH FOREVER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsK_y3-hOiY)
That woman has crazy eyes.
I think hockey movies have more hockey than any other sport.
a gun made it easier.  That's the foundation for my opinion.
It's way way worse to fly jets around the world to compete in races than any of the rest of that.  The series is about pushing the limits of BEV technology, not getting from A to B in an eco-friendly way (we have bicycle races and marathons for that.)
I'd call you your name as you'd like it to be pronounced, within reason.   I don't think that the gif's creator naming it like "gin" is unreasonable.
That would be a great point, if both pronunciations were commonly accepted.
