Yeah I really think he's going to take Sam's advice and run with it in the completely wrong direction...
I think it's important to ask these questions and think critically about choices like this. But in this particular case, I end up being OK with it. Piggybacking off what /u/dtorr said, the casting of Daddario as the daughter of the Rock (mixed race) and Carla Gugino (white) seems plausible to me. Would it be *nice* if they had cast someone with more of a mixed race look? Sure. But personally I don't think San Andreas is guilty of the same kind or level of offense as Aloha, not by a LONG shot. (And I'm not just talking about Emma Stone here.)
&gt; what if Emma Stone best fits the role the director was aiming for? What if All the Hapas auditioning just didn't quite capture the right mood for the movie?  The odds of that are extremely low. The idea that not a single mixed Asian actress could have done as good of a job as Emma Stone -- in portraying a mixed Asian character, no less -- is fairly preposterous. And I say this as a big Emma Stone fan.  But even if it WERE true, how about all the other characters? How is it possible that a movie set in Hawaii can star an entirely white cast? I think that's why this grates so much. If Emma Stone were just one -- or even one of a couple -- white characters amidst an otherwise racially representative film, I don't think you'd hear as much criticism.  And frankly, if they had at least dyed her hair, I personally might be less annoyed. But they made ZERO effort to be conscious or considerate of the racial/cultural field they were playing in. That, to me, cannot be overlooked.
Hm, okay, it's possible I'm being unfairly influenced by the fact that (1) Daddario looks so much like she could be Gugino's kid, and (2) the Rock is relatively light-skinned and ambiguously ethnic. I'll give it some more thought.  Regardless of that, I maintain that even if casting Daddario for a mixed race role is as bad as casting Stone for one, *Aloha*'s cultural/racial problems are much larger than *San Andreas*'s. See my comment on this thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/mixedrace/comments/380puc/im_not_buying_emma_stone_as_an_asian_american_in/crru92m  So I think the larger context is at play for me too, whether that's fair or not.
Yep. I thought everything Tyrion said when he was processing (out loud) what his advice to Dany should be in regards to Jorah was brilliant. I'm just surprised he didn't point out that Jorah was, in essence, right. Jorah didn't trust Dany to forgive him -- and she *didn't*.
Oh yeah, I'm not excusing Jorah's deception. I'm just saying that Dany proved his mis-trust to be founded.
Yep. I think he's going to attack Tormund, with the intent to kill. :/
I think this answer is most in line with my predictions.  Not sure about the April/Jackson storyline, though I love them together so I'd prefer for them to work things out.  I think Amelia and Owen should get together too.  And I absolutely think Shonda will try to break ER's record, as she has said all along. I mean, if she didn't decide to end the show when Patrick Dempsey wanted out, then what would be the point in stopping now?  I'm pretty sure Ellen Pompeo has indicated that she's on board for as long as it runs, because it's good, stable work and has provided for her and her family.
Haha, I wondered the same thing, but I highly doubt it! Airstream trailers are just kind of popular.
Good point!  Also, I'm indifferent to spoilers, but a lot of people care, and might not be happy about the title of this post being so blatant... Just a note for future posts, I guess, to maybe use a spoiler tag.
No judgment, just complete understanding and acceptance of what's important to him. #truefriendship
Good points!  &gt; And the commoners? There isn't much they can do.  Previously I'd been thinking along the same lines as the OP -- that this all started bc Jaime pushed Bran out the window to protect his secret with Cersei, and now that secret isn't a secret at all, so what was the point? But really, we're in a bubble. The perspectives that we are privy to are typically the players in the game of thrones, not the regular folks. Most of the commoners probably don't know about Jaime and Cersei, or don't believe it. (Or don't care, hahaha.) So that would easily explain a lack of rioting on their part.
All the violence on this show, and your comment still makes me wince and shudder.
Love your theory. But personally I think Grey's has hit the resisting-retirement stage of life lol...
Oh, I looooved what the milkshake anecdote revealed about Xiomara, and how she was willing to do anything (even humiliate herself and look like a self-centered bad guy) to protect Jane from pain. &lt;3
10/10 would buy them all!  I also really appreciate reading the thought process behind each design.
I like the idea, esp to practice my Spanish... but I also don't want to be spoiled for what's coming!
It was a good ruse. I totally thought he was gonna show up zombie-style.
GOOD POINT. WHERE WAS GHOST?!
Lol as I recall, Alba wasn't exactly the toughest cookie when it came time to lay down the law with Rogelio...
I loved the bathroom scenes! It really got to the heart of how bonded the group was. And their lack of appropriate boundaries, lol.
Agreed. This will surely be an even more unpopular thing to say, but I've been wondering if there's a way to donate to the shooter's family in addition to Sonny Kim's. They're going to be dealing with similar expenses, but without the outpouring of sympathy and goodwill from the Cincinnati community.
THIS EPISODE IS PROBABLY MY FAVORITE. THAT MOMENT BETWEEN MICHAEL AND JANE AT THE BRIDAL SHOP = &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
From an "important gay couple" storytelling standpoint, Cyrus and James are a solid example. They were one of the things I loved most about Scandal early on. (Before the show went downhill...)  From a "healthy stable long lasting gay male relationship" standpoint, I think we might need to look elsewhere. Without going into major spoilers, let's just say that Cyrus and James had major, terrible issues.  Honestly, I think /u/Firecrotch2014 has a point: This is one area of diversity where Shonda has not excelled. I'm sad to say that I hadn't noticed, but I'm glad it was brought to my awareness. After all, becoming aware of problems is the first step toward creating change. Anyway, it's kind of strange -- and clearly frustrating to some viewers -- though I'm sure there's no malice behind it.
&gt; I have to say that being spoiled makes it so much better.  \^_\^
&gt; The fact that she's doesn't have her own chair in a psychiatrist's office and that she's not taking a handful of drugs daily just to be able to climb out of bed every morning is a testament that the writers of this show have never once thought about delving in the real psyche of a human being.  Actually, that's a good point. I never thought of it before, but I would love to see some/any of these characters seeking professional help for the trauma they witness and endure. Mental health has such a(n unnecessary) stigma, and surely seeing some of our most beloved characters (who are in the health field!) pursuing and maintaining their emotional well-being would be a positive thing for viewers.
Not that new, but I do love this ad. Note that the dad has a disability too!
1. Overall great banner so far. I like the players, I love the way it's been unveiled, and I'm looking forward to seeing the finished product. (Including an actual photo of LeSean, though kudos for this Photoshopped one.)  2. There seems to be a lot of pointing in football.
I don't ship it, but... I wouldn't be mad either. :P
Yeah me too, but I don't know what other choice we have? Unless we don't care what the sub looks like.  If we take over and spruce up /r/UnREAL, we can still link back (in the sidebar) to the S1 discussion threads that are here.
Am I the only one who finds this joke to be in extremely in poor taste?
Because they're mocking it, not actually trying to do anything positive/productive.
Not make fun/light of it. Seems pretty basic to me.
This would be my top recommendation as well. The bread basket alone is to die for. And they have valet!  Top dishes: Gnocchi and bolognese.  *Edit to add: Via Vite right on Fountain Square is like the little brother to Nicola's, and offers the same great gnocchi and bolognese for slightly less cost, plus gives you the ambiance (but also busy-ness) of being in the heart of downtown. If you park right underneath Fountain Square, you won't have to go far. But Nicola's is probably still more convenient.*
"Not too bad" is an understatement! I think La Poste flies way under the radar in this city.
You're totally entitled to that opinion, but could we please avoid using the word "retarded" in this fashion?  Just one of many reasons why: http://www.denverpost.com/commented/ci_10351963  Thanks.
All of the above, I bet!  I'm excited for it too, though. I think the show can say/do a lot with that.
Love 'em all but...  \#2 - What is happening on Brett Dier's chin and how do we make it go away?  \#19 - SO CUTE.
I think it's unfair that you're being downvoted. Your opinion is valid, answers the question, and adds to the discussion. The downvoters are kind of making your point for you.
It does have the perks of a big city, but it doesn't have the *feel* of a big city. Basically, it's not as bustling. Nor as liberal. Those can be pros or cons, depending on who you ask.
Love that Shosh is actually going to be in Japan! Wasn't expecting that.  Also glad that Adam Driver is still an active participant, even with the Star Wars (etc) stuff going on.   And YES omg friendship in your adult life IS so often about being scattered and trying to hold onto each other! So glad they're exploring that.
&gt; Frankly, I think Jane should take a break from both Raphael and Michael and hang out with Petra for a while.  I could get behind that! In fact, it would be really interesting and potentially funny to see what kind of (mis)adventures Jane + Petra could get into.   And maybe they could even buddy up Michael + Rafael for a while? Imagine how much tougher the choice might be (for Jane, for us) if these two guys actually LIKED each other.
I probably will in the future, because I'd like to update them too.   Do you think it's a fire hazard right now though?
I think you are spot-on -- *especially* if this were real life.  The only thing I will say in Michael's defense is that I don't think he had a "scheme to **coerce** Jane." She originally *wanted* to give the baby to Rafael and Petra, and he tried not to let that fall through. (For a short time.) That's still not good, not good at all. But it's *less* not good than coercion.   *Btw, the subreddit now has flairs -- a few presets, plus one completely customizable -- if anyone wants to have some fun with that!*
This is awesome! I'm particularly pleased because I agree with some of the major category winners here more than I did with the Golden Globes.
Upvote bc you presented another side to the story, which contributes to the discussion and probably the OP's understanding of the controversy (certainly mine). You didn't even necessarily *support* this side, so I'm not sure why you're getting downvotes. Sigh.
So you're saying that you think the high pressure is due to excess water getting into what should be a closed system?
I think someone else mentioned that the showrunner promised a wedding this season, but didn't necessarily say it would be Jane's...  Found the comment: https://www.reddit.com/r/JaneTheVirginCW/comments/3srgj5/is_it_selfish_of_jane_to_choose_michael/cx01nkb  (OK it wasn't about whose wedding it would be, but still.)
Argh, OK. Thanks for the heads-up.   I do want to change these out anyway, but is it a safety risk to use these for a little while longer so I can find lights that I actually like?
&gt; A few thousand Westerners are thought to visit North Korea each year, and Pyongyang is pushing for more tourists as a way to help its dismal economy.  Arresting visitors is not a good way to convince people to come.
