Well. Processing Power Would have been better, yes.  But have you ever considered that the rules of thermodynamics in the real world may be such that the thermal energy from humans consuming food is more efficient than just burning the food would have been? The laws are different here, IN the matrix, but that is because that is what the machine overlords want us coppertops to think.
Glad to see the back of Salazar.
Shockingly the US does not have a consistent message in this regard.  We have often expressed annoyance with Japan for not doing things that were expressly prohibited by the constitution that we wrote for them.
Yes, we made sure that we gave Bin Laden his first demand as soon as possible. Step 1 - Cut and run.
The war on terror is everywhere.
We can however immediately capitulate to terrorist demands.
Because I am 4 joke comments in.  I will however give my honest appraisal of the events that led to the US leaving Saudi Arabia. I can do this because while absolutely true, it is utterly laughable.  Bin Laden starts to seriously gather resources to attack the US. His main issue is US bases located within the "Holy Land" of Saudi Arabia.    Bin Laden is detained , US, at the request of their good pals, the Saudis, permits his release.      Bin Laden organizes truck bombing of the world trade center.     Bin Laden arranges that Black Hawk down thing. US stops getting troops on the ground, just in time for that Hotel Rawanda thing.     US gets a good lead on his location, attempts to murder him with missiles. Move is widely mocked as an attempt to hide the fact that the President likes fucking interns with a cigar container.   New US administration, even chummier with the Saudis but not as likely to fuck interns with a cigar container, stops tracking Bin Laden to concentrate on Iraq. Saudis are mostly pleased.     Bin Laden takes a second, far more successful shot at the world trade center.    Unable to blame the attack on a non-Saudi national due to overwhelming evidence, the US sadly attacks Bin Laden's allies in Afghanistan. Poised to overrun Bin Laden's base, the US agrees to a moronic cease fire, giving Bin Laden time to escape.    With Bin Laden missing, but Afghanistan mostly Contained, the US ,based on sketchy and later demonstrated to be clearly fraudulent data, attacks one of the only two nations in the middle east where Bin Laden has no support, with vague promises to get to the other one later if they can find a few extra trillion.    The US moves its troops out of Saudi Arabia, the only nation with actual government ties to Bin Laden.    10 years later, socialist muslim president shoots Bin Laden in the face.   The end.
We need to pack him in bubble wrap for shipping.
He's hitting a lot better than Pearce. We have another year of control and gave up prospects, Snyder isn't leaving here hitting 260.
No, this time I have faith.
Well, it was more like Oliver begging Batman for a little piece of supes.
Best 25th pick since Mike Trout. Maybe.
I always knew it would come down to you and the big blue school boy.
Lets rough the kid up. He's a rookie with two wins, not Sandy Koufax.
Incredibly, I think Zach is better with runners.
I want #3
I don't need to see it every 5 minutes.
Gonna need your schedule for the next 4 months, you are going to need to post something critical before every Reimold at bat for the rest of the season.
Maybe cry a little in private. Call his mom. Cure cancer.
Manny. That was badass.
I want 2 more.
Lets beat up the penn, got 2 more games.
I love how Tex still gets booed.
Did the PA just play the price is right sad trombone for Tex's error? That is so disrespectful. I love it.
I think Buck is still holding a grudge.
Why not both?
But a wedding cake is a wedding cake, it is a service that they offer. It is white, has hard shellacked icing and tastes like crap.   By your logic they can say, "We refuse to serve black WEDDINGS." Or more to the point, "We refuse to serve interracial WEDDINGS." Because the language around interracial marriage was pretty much identical in the 50s and 60s.
Anarchy is the most unstable form of government. Make your own site and hang out there. Call it 4chan.
I suppose this breaks down on what people think being gay is... is it a continuing choice to fuck someone of the same sex, or is it just the way someone is?  Nazis chose to be Nazis, whether it was the cool uniforms and iconography, loving Germany and hating jews, or simply being afraid not to be.   So refusing to deliver to Nazis and refusing delivery to gays are pretty different things.  An exciting story though, "Hans Ackermann, White Rose baker."
He is signed to 2018 with a club option in 2019, so, not a rental. His salary is 20 million a year, and the Phillies aren't going to pay any of that. Keep in mind though... This is considered TEAM FRIENDLY.   I definitely want no 3 months rentals, but it is at least worth considering, especially if we move say Norris or Chen. Or both and bring up Gaus as a starter.   They want prospects and young players for a rebuild. We can't give up too many, but a proven ace is one of the rarest commodities.
Hitting a deer is bad, hitting an oak tree is much, much, worse.
Not a dong, doesn't count.
Pearce is gonna be bummed.
It is too bad we took Davis out, he is the logical counter.  Instead we will put in tommy Hunter, who will allow the Phillies to tie the game up.
Parmaloo parmalee. I think that was an out but reviewing it would be a bit rude.
He has put up the only 0 frame so far, so pretty good id say.
The best you can do is stop stealing and take out your starters.
Thanks for messing up Tampa Bay.
Kevin Gregg was made for a 16 run lead.
Watch Frenchie kill us tonight.
Lets go Marlins then.
We all die alone.
I am worried that hockey fans will kidnap him.
If this guys strike zone is consistent I would just take every pitch that wasn't a fastball down the middle.
So a one run inning means we are turning things around?
I hope the Jays get their entire staff ejected and make a lot of base running errors.
Reimhold in center. Yuck.
Snyder is not a tremendous defender. But the shadow didn't help.
Thats muh boy.
Yes putting our late inning guy in the 8th is "stirring the pot".
