KD will never join miami lol
They will in their primes.
bill russel the goat
lebron fans already making up excuses lol ,like it or not it will hurt his legacy losing 4 finals is not good
They will lose in the final again
Nice try lelayup fans.MJ still the goat
thats why i say something negative about lebron, i get downvoted and every one want to kill me
Everyone one saying kobe is getting downvoted. People here are pathetic.
you are right lol, he pushes everyone when he is going into the rim.
Lebron needs him
he is the best pg now
okafor will be the best center in the next 20 years and will dominate everyone in the league and will force everyone to go big and lakers will shine again.
why dude? you guys made it to the second round, thats an accomplishment for the clippers franchise.
cp3 choked lmao
if you guys got kyrie then cp3 wont be a clipper lol
we will give him all the money.
no they dont have anything in common
Clippers will never win a championship lol
why not?
damn this dude can do everything lol
magic said kobe is the best laker lol
Okafor has all the tools to be a good defender so im not worried
nah you are wrong.
when Celtic fans are defending kobe ,you know that your opinion is bad.
i love people like you lol
do what makes you happy.
Yeah,it is not casey fault that lowry and de rozan couldn't hit a shot
Harden is definitely better than Kahwi lol
Im sure they are happy now
Stop crying
Stop losing in the finals
yeah Lebron was bad in the final shame on him
99% of Clippers fans here are CP3 fans
Or maybe he was playing out of his position and couldn't fit with Okafor.
Rose actually has been playing well
Kobe is better than Lebron
Lebron abuse the shit out of it.
Kobe is the best Laker ,and of course the old guys will prefer someone from their generation .
Yeah because stats is the most important factor.
His ugly playstyle will never change lol
Because Russell is more valuable to the team than Okafor
Duck is love,Duck is life.
Dude you are clueless
I still dont know why People like this game.
Don't make me excited again :(
Lol i dont want Monta Ellis on my team.
Downvote me Lebron fanboys.Lebron was inefficient in the final because he had terrible teammates and was caring them alone right?,but when it comes to kobe he is not efficient when he had the same problem lebron had in the final.
So kobe is top 4 or top 3?
Top 15 sound good
Karl Malone was better,and dont tell me 5 rings because Horry has 7 Rings.That how it works right?
