I don't know what to believe. :(
BCCI said nothing, the media is creating baseless stories.
Yes, swing has to do with overhead conditions which these two have not exploited well in the previous 2 matches. They bowl 2-3 good balls in an over but the other balls release the pressure. If they were playing against a better side, their figures would have been completely different.
&gt; Anyone who actually matters in your life will call/TXT when they want to talk. FB adds absolutely nothing.  This.  FB just adds clutter to your life. The unnecessary and annoying notifications just ruin everything.
Atul Wassan. WHAT A CHOOT!
&gt; Jadeja&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Axar  I'm not so sure about that.
&gt; with the top two teams playing off in a final.  There's no point in organising that.
It would depend on the batsmen, tbh.  If you ask the South Africans, they'd say that Nagpur against Ashwin and Jadeja is the toughest pitch in the world, whereas if you ask a sub-continental player, it may be Headingley.
Overtime, the administrators and curators would realise that they don't need a heavy covering of grass on the pitch for the ball to last 80 overs.  BCCI should experiment with different kinds of pitches in the Duleep Trophy to test out the viability and durability of the pink ball.
Yes, but some of them have a myopic view of the situation. They think that interest in Test cricket would decline in Bangladesh if they are in the 2nd division, because it is a "lower" division.   They are not thinking about the future where they could actually be a competitive side in the format. Even most of the users from Bangladesh on this sub vehemently opposed this structure when it was first mooted.
I think the rights of the matches may be sold collectively. So, if a broadcaster buys NZ vs India, they'd also have to buy the rights for NZ vs SL.  It would be awesome if there was some sort of paid streaming service where we could watch all the international matches.
Don't think CA would schedule the Day-Night Test at Perth even if the series has one.
Yeah, but he practically ruined the team. Most of the players have come out and said that the team environment during Chappell's tenure was toxic. TBH, there was too much drama off the field when he was the coach of the team.
I'm just waiting for the conspiracy theorists to come up with a story which says that Kumble was selected for the job just because he is "close" to Ganguly, Tendulkar and Laxman.
Depends on how they structure the qualification process.   Even if England qualify, a 2-3 week gap in their season every 4 years isn't going to be catastrophic for ECB's earnings. There are too many meaningless matches currently in their schedule.
&gt; he said he wants to carve out a home-season window  I think he meant that India would have a definite home season in the months of October-November and possibly Feb-Mar. This season's schedule definitely adheres to that statement and possibly we would see similar scheduling in future seasons.
As expected. It's a dumb decision.
Why are these special edition phones from Samsung so expensive? I doubt that they would cost that much to build.   These phones are an easy way for Samsung to make some cheap cash by charging a $100 premium and selling it to the general public. But, they price them exorbitantly and sell them in some inconspicuous way just to attract some headlines.
Yes, that's why they should make more of these units and sell them to the general public for $100-150 premium. People would lap it up and they would extract more profit out of these phones.
Obligatory Fuck BCCI. ^^Fuck ^^IOA ^^too
But they did jackshit to get that mil.
&gt; creating a bigger gap between established test nations and the newer sides?  There is already a huge gap among the top nations and the ones in the bottom. Sides like the West Indies and Bangladesh can't compete with Australia or England, as evidenced by recent series.   Where the proposed structure is different from the current is that the lower ranked nations have a guaranteed number of matches scheduled for them. Secondly, these matches are against oppositions of similar ability, so Bangladesh won't be annihilated like they have been for the past 16 years, which I think is the primary reason for the decline in interest in Test cricket among their fans.  This structure also helps in creating more Test playing countries, so that the game is not dependent on these 10 countries and their success. Ireland and Afghanistan get Test status and the best teams from the Intercontinental Cup get a chance at playing Test cricket. This meritocratic way creates more interest in the game among the smaller nations. We could see 20 nations playing Test cricket in multiple divisions in around 10-12 years if this structure is implemented.  BCB just doesn't want to give away the free pass it got into this "elite" club 16 years ago.
The World Cricket League and the Intercontinental Cup are closed competitions, the winners don't get to play against the top teams of the world.  How can you expect a team to beat any of the top sides when they don't even get to play international cricket? Teams like Netherlands and Scotland barely get any matches, even against other associates let alone the big teams.   &gt;Despite beating WI and Zimbabwe  Just goes to show that teams like Ireland and Afghanistan have the ability to beat bottom-ranked full members if they are given adequate opportunities.  The proposed structure isn't a closed-off structure, it just gives a definite number of matches to each team against teams in their division and they are free to schedule matches against teams in the other division. I don't know why Bangladesh want to continue with the current structure, they don't get any matches against the top sides, at least with the new structure they have the opportunity to play matches against other sides which would give them more experience.  This whole regression thing is just based on the perception that they are being demoted and thus, people would stop playing cricket in the country.  &gt;You can't improve by playing against only two or three competitive teams   Exactly. That is why we need a meritocratic structure by which more teams play Test cricket and the more cricket they play, against varied oppositions, the better they would get.
They won't increase the teams in the qualifier stage. A 10-team first round would be too long.  EDIT: Also, I hope that instead of giving 8 full members direct entry to the Super 12 stage, they decide that the Top 4 teams of the groups qualify for the next tournament's Super 12 round. It wouldn't make much of a difference in the composition of the teams but, it would give all the teams something to play for throughout the tournament.
Yeah, but the Kotla is a shit ground. They can't even expand the stadium due to its location.
&gt;Top Comment  &gt;Sangakkara is the most cunning, selfish and two-faced cricketer ever. Just see the way he asked his bowler to bowl a no ball on the last ball so Sehwag couldn''''t get his century.  TOI comments section &gt; Cricinfo comments section
Don't know but Sangakkara was the captain, and I don't think Suraj Randiv would've known about this rule.
That absolutely did not happen, at all.
&gt; The change should come from within.  So never?
Nobody know for sure, and most probably it wouldn't affect the cricketing side of things.
You're right but the Aussies and their selectors rely too much on his bowling stats on Australian pitches to take such a gamble. They will most probably pick Agar who'll get belted around the park like Ansari, Batty and co. in the recent England series.
&gt; BCCI was registered under a Tamil Nadu law that defined it as a private society so whatever it's functions may be, it is still a private body.  Yes, but the SC can still direct a private body regarding it's functioning and MoA since it affects the public interests.  &gt;Supreme Court believes that as BCCI is providing a public service, it should be accountable to the public. I find that logic retarded.  &gt;We'll have to agree to disagree on this point.  True.  &gt; There is nothing preventing MPs from holding office in sports bodies (or any other institutions for that matter). Everybody is in Conflict of interest but that does not mean they are doing something illegal  I don't get why conflict of interest is not a serious issue in India. Nobody is saying that holding both positions is illegal but it is morally and ethically incorrect. Even the BCCI issued directives which prevented people from holding positions which were deemed to be conflict of interests.
&gt; I wish there was some nuance when these discussion happen.  Thanks for providing oodles of it.
&gt; Unless good organizations like BCCI  You went too far there, Anurag.
&gt; Think Rabada's still unexperienced, would've gone with Hazlewould  Rabada picked up 46 wickets at an average of 23 and SR of 36 while Hazlewood picked up 42 wickets at 28 with SR of 60. Also, he single-handedly won a couple of matches for SA.  &gt; Also, 2 spinners doesn't work in say NZ and SA, perhaps replace Herath with Aamir  Herath was the 2nd highest wicket-taker in 2016. An attack of 3 seamers and 2 spinners works on any pitch that isn't a green top.
Would also include Rohit Sharma in that list, can single-handedly win the match on his day.  Really wish MS Dhoni and Bumrah were playing in this year's BBL. MSD needs to play in these leagues to stay match fit since he has a lot of free time these days. Bumrah could also prosper with such experiences early in his career.
Ahh, the Basin and Hagley Oval. Best places to play cricket in NZ.
Fuck, how the hell is this Renshaw guy only 20?
Just when you thought that they couldn't go further down the table.
&gt;economical.  Considering the scores in the series.
How shit are the Sixers if they manage to lose this?
Can't generalise based on an obvious troll's repetitive tirades.
Yeah, but Dhoni isn't playing, is he?  Most of the young guys wouldn't be picked because the teams would only want the best overseas talent available. Don't see why guys like Yuvraj and Raina shouldn't play in the BBL if given the opportunity. They won't ever play Test cricket and the BBL stint would give them exposure for future limited-overs matches in Australia.
Don't know if that's true though. The winner of the 2016 WT20 didn't play any T20Is in the lead up to the tournament. WI played their last T20I 5 months before the start of the tournament. England, the runners-up, played a couple of T20I a month before the tournament in SA.  Generally, very few teams play many T20Is in the lead up to the tournament. These matches are just scattered across the calendar, played as an afterthought at the end of a long tour.  It would be better for the teams and the fans if there were regional qualifying tournaments for the WT20, a few months before the tournament and these shall be the only T20Is outside the main tournaments.
TBF, India wasn't that good during that era and this reflects the financial stature of Indian cricket in the 90s.  This wouldn't happen today because both those situations have been reversed.
Ramiz Raja, James Brayshaw and Sanjay Manjrekar.   I want to go deaf.
India also used to get beaten by Zimbabwe and Kenya. I didn't say that India were shit, they weren't that good in the 90s. Most of the wins that we got were at home. It is quite a bit different from the current situation where we are competitive all around the world and invincible at home.
Shite throw Garry
Wouldn't make a difference. You are assuming that the toss has given the home team a significant advantage in those series. The reason why away teams have suffered is because of the lack of preparedness to counter the alien conditions.  England won 4 out 5 tosses against India in the recent series and lost the series 4-0. It would be better if teams were given more time to acclimatise to the foreign conditions by way of practice matches and training sessions. Teams just fly out to these countries and start playing the Tests, atm.
That's coz it is held at the same time as their international home season. The top international players who are free at the time do play in the BBL. I don't see anything wrong with Indian players who do not have any international commitments playing in the league.
