for WZ and ranked queues in the US? I would say Harb.
that's why you have a good phone system that rolls over to the next available person or if by chance your short staffed to a cell phone.  If a L1 is going to be away that long for whatever reason then coverage should be worked out.    If a L1 gets to a situation where they need to be updating firmware or whatever else out side of system swaps and quick 10 minute things then they need to contact a L2 if it is beyond their scope  If you go to the emergency room and you are bleeding out and it would take 3 hours for the level 2 nurse to get to you, you'd be dead.  mean while that level 1 nurse could have stitched you up.. at least enough to where you can get by until the 'experts' come.
I'm pretty sure display port 1.2 can also get you 144hz in addition to DVI-D like /u/OSPFv3 said
I don't think it matters which companion you use.  Their influance is what matters.  Using your highest influence ones when you need more performance from your companion is about all you need to worry about.  I could be mistaken though, HK and Treek maybe an exception?
best news i've heard today.  forget Cpt Worf, I want Cpt Garak!!! ;-)
yeah agreed, It shouldn't happen but it does,  If other things start acting funny then start to dig deeper into it otherwise i wouldn't worry too much.
as with your other post on this topic... probably wait it out save up and let that short sale get a little more history.  for right or wrong both banks aren't buying into your extenuating circumstances.  * bank 1: *intent* to refinance, but might not be able too because of .. well more extenuating circumstances. * bank 2: you really don't want to do this unless you can have it mostly paid off by the time the adjustment hits.  Like you said, you are not unhappy where you are.  You are 'saving' 700 a month, keep doing so.  once that perfect home shows up you'll have more money to throw at it and the 'bankers' may care less about the short sale.
I'm pretty sure the capital gains is anytime you sell it though 'i think' (not an expert) the amount of the tax rate will change depending on how long you own it.  If you make a profit, that profit will be taxed.  If you you sell for 250,000 and after all fees and such you make 45k you will be taxed on that 45k at the capital gains rate, for your situation.  of course talk to a professional in your state that can give you more details.
during an active season.. i agree but in preseason.. meh.
sounds like a traffic ticket waiting to happen lol.
yeah mara's get under my skin more than the imortal's
Immortal was(is?) intended to be a tank spec, typically they are to do less damage than their dps counter parts and have high mitigation of damage for them and their team.  It just didn't work out that way and bio ware will probably attempt to correct that in an upcoming patch (when i don't know)  I like to play the classes the way they are intended, but have nothing against those who don't.. well until they kill  me with it then i might silently cuss about it
PVP balance is fairly good right now.   I'd say the biggest exceptions are Immortal jugs in dps gear and maybe healer sorcs only because Op and Merc heals are fairly weak in comparison.  I've noticed quite a few concealment ops lately and when there is more than one on me.. forget it. stun locked and dead.. and if i'm not they run away and come back a little later before my CDs are back little pricks...   Of course i might have just gotten with a bunch of good players rather than an OP spec...  (good players over come their class imbalance)
different doesn't always, and usually doesn't mean better... unless you are a merc.  10k hps vs 5k hps.  if the dpsers are only doing 4k dps it doesn't make a difference.  but if you really want to nerf sorc heals.. remove the auto bounce from roaming mend/rejuv would probably do it by itself.
If you are a heal sorc in 4s and you phase walk away while your team is still alive .. you just solved a problem for the other team and they would be dumb to follow you.  one or more will be dead by the time you get back.  If they're not you are playing a bad team (or team makeup which happens). 3/4 dps on one player can kill almost any spec in seconds with out heals. (other than maybe sorc bubble and that can be disabled by net)   say you phase walk away and its down to 1v1 in an arena vs my jugg.. i'll know where you are, but won't care because you blew your CDs and won't be able to out live me with out your walk/bubble in overtime.  phase walk has its place no doubt but no way i would consider it a DCD as it doesn't mitigate any damage, the only two saving graces are the ability to by you a second or two and quick travel in WZ back to nodes to prevent caps.  you can consider it a DCD if you wish but only goes to show how weak sorc DCDs are.. other than bubble which is crazy good to make up for all the weak ones.
that is why you click to sort posts by newest not the 'hottest'.  edit /u/3Vyf7nm4 beat me to it :-)
if your not comfortable with it by all means don't do it, but you will want to have someone take a look at it and atleast find out if it is a critical fan or not.  It probably stops doing it because of the rpm stepping.  the cooler it is the slower the fan will spin.  the hotter it gets the faster.  Not all do this.
Yeah, more of away to get some seasoning to decide if it is 'for you'
If you are doing illegal things, expect bad things to happen.  there are plenty of quality free AV programs.  I like Avast free because it is 'fairly' light weight and you can tell it to shut up in 'Game Mode'  This [Antivirus tests and Reviews site](https://www.av-test.org/en/) will give you a decent idea which ones to go with and which to avoid.
the following law suit from investors... "why are employment costs so high? Go hire some Chinese kids!" LOL sarcasm but probably has a hint of truth.  *edit* auto correct fail higher/hire
I don't know about their services but the pricing only seems good with who they compare it too.  There are others as good as if not better ASO, Godaddy, etc for similar pricing.  If their service is decent.. their shared hosting plan the $3 doesn't look too bad.
you are only covering the cost of the hardware not the time, labor, warranty work etc.  there is almost no difference between the 4590 and 6500 in the real world desktop user.. and the haswell will not [crash when you run prime95](http://microsoft-news.com/intel-skylake-bug-fix/) ;-)
To me it would depend on the importance of what is connected to it.  Would i put it in a situation where my production servers? maybe not, and certainly not with out a fail over.  Would i patch end users into who primarily use the network for pandora? Sure would.  Most things you'd get back on refurb are probably in good enough condition that they would work just fine in both situations.. i just wouldn't want to explain to the bosses why we couldn't do business because I cheaped out and used a refurbished device with essential equipment.  as others have said... make sure you get something alittle more than a DOA warrenty
Yeah i was thinking they same thing when they where talking about the latest version of IE.  **IF** IE is even installed on those machines i really doubt there is anyone web browsing on them let alone having internet access.
Thanks for your input!  hmm.. seems way to low even for a SB era.  I guess the Dual monitors in a laptop is way to Niche to find much of a market though.  at that price i'd probably just take the drive and ram out of it and scrap it lol.
find it odd that one would scam with an account they seem to actually use.. of course maybe that was the plan...
look up the pay scale charts for your area.. salary.com glassdoor.. etc and start there.  Generally not a good idea to ask friends what they make... you might put their job in danger... some employers don't like it (for better or worse)  again, take into account if you like your job or not.. and also any benefits you might get.   also if you can make them think it is their idea, but also don't let them think they are doing you a favor.  Unless they're politicians... people are generally reasonable.  Until they prove otherwise go with it :-)  That's just my opinion though some others might have better advice.
don't be afraid to shop around and never be afraid to ask for more than their offering sometimes you'll get it.. usually they'll say no but maybe send you a free mug or something ;-)
really... you are not that far back, the base system should be fine for what you want/need with a couple upgrades you should be fine.  Upgrade your video card: GTX 970 for 1080p stuff or a GTX980/Ti(?) for 1440/4k video  Upgrade your ram, get a second 8GB stick for a total of 16GB and put you in dual mode.  Get a 512GB SSD and set your current HD as storage.  they way things are going you probably have a good 2-3 more years of quality use out of it.    If you still decide to go all new.. check /r/buildapc
IMO: significant practical experience is better certifications  if you are just looking to learn something new or getting into a new specialization then it might be useful.  Then again, if someone else is paying for them get all you can ;-)
* don't care really as long as actual spam is filtered * this is kinda an issue but search works too * cause flairs are important * and they still are important * Link to that thread here? update the current wiki?  I don't care about the mod drama i just want free loots, does the new sub provide that?
IF Adam Warlock does not make an appearance "soon" it doesn't matter what happens in MCU.. they screwed it up ;-)  Namor would be a great movie.. as long has he has some pants.  Infinity Guantlet needs to have an aftermath movie that includes the Tribunal, Celestial Chaos Order Infinity, etc..and if possible the Galactus and then the formation of infinity watch which should be a decent series in it self.
loki female buys you another win per week in alliance battle.  If the uni is going to cost you less that 1250 crystals do it. the 10% more stats is usful in many modes, the freeze only really helps in AB,TL and BW.  freeze doesn't effect WBs.  If you are not getting the uniform on sale then i'd probably get the mega ticket.  when Uni's go on sale again (at 750 crystals or less) get it then.
Since you already have Stark backing i'd just run with that see how it does for a few days.  If it works out for you then don't worry about it.. unless you have billions of gold you don't mind throwing away ;-)  i'd probably shoot for power of angry hulk though
that isn't quite what i'm talking about.  Lets say Bob, high school drop out but hard worker is making $8 whopper flopping. Jenn who finished High school and became a certified uh.. welder after another year of schooling is making 10$  Minimum wage goes to $9, does Jenn get a raise?  of course not.. a least not for a while and by the time it evens out we're talking raising the minimum wage again.
If those employees are of the same skill set, general responsibilities experience and training, i probably wouldn't have much of a problem either.  But if the 'super' has 20+ years experience, a load of training and certifications and some young kid out with an associates degree comes in with 6 months of intern experience... i would be upset if they made the same as me.  BTW: 15/hour for a supervisor role at a tech company sounds a little low.  You maybe underpaid depending on your area.
IMO: Unless you are an electrician or monitor/tv repair man i would suggest replacing the whole monitor.  Even if you replace it with a $300 monitor it is probably still cheaper than your home/health insurance deductible :-) (in other words: better safe than sorry)  But you could probably find that whole board on ebay and replace the whole board instead soldering chips and such
i ment those are all red flags.
IMO: SCD until cap (alliance bonus, cards, etc) you are maxed then switch to crit rate or crit damage which ever you need more.
shes not bad, her 6* damage is pretty awesome and her abilities keep her on the move (which is sometimes bad too) but she is also pretty squishy  EDIT: I'm talking about her with uniform that makes her 6* much better
If it has slots for both it shouldn't hurt.  Ideally you want matching sticks but really in most cases the average person wouldn't notice.
does it also bother her that she probably was on a road that someone had a car accident on and died?  Serious home buyers probably wont' care... now if he died because it was in a bad neighbor hood and someone killed him for his TV or from radon (sp?) or something like that.. then you could have a problem
would be good on just about anyone, but preferably someone who has a fairly high Crit Damage, could use a bit of extra defense AND if you swap in this gear won't push you over 75% dodge.  I would consider PM and Elsa  from my roster.
I would probably agree with you if this was a couple months ago.  Deathlok is not the man he used to be any more still do able.   If it wasn't for his dodge ignore i probably wouldn't have even ranked him up on this account.
not the worst idea with some tweaks but probably would take up quite a bit of resources NM doesn't want to throw at it.
this.  the lvl6 specials will also make it worth running the specials for more than just bios.. i hope...
I think the number to apply is 0118 999 88199, 9119 725 ... ... 3
the nice thing about linux.. unless there is a security concern or a feature you must have.. you dont' have to upgrade your distro. even then you really don't have too.  say there is a samba security concern and you are running RH7, you don't have to upgrade the distro to get the patch.   In other words.. don't rely on the distro's and their repos.  IMO if you are going to seriously use *nix you should probably learn to do it yourself, generally isn't hard unless you got some odd setup.  Just because the distro isn't supporting it.. doesn't mean there isn't help there.  Unlike with MS, when they drop support for their OS.. you are pretty much done getting updates.  I'm not saying you should go back to linux, use what ever works best for you.  yeah that CP is hot linked on the side bar... doesn't that control panel just kill the KB patch?  I haven't tried it as I've come to like win10 well enough (still like 7 and server 12R2 better just not enough to reinstall)
... again, use what works for you and what makes you happy ...  but there is a lot more to linux than what the distros threw at you
he *"should"* be there...
