I think it depends more on the monster than the profession.
&gt; If you are an attractive female...that would be a plus! haha. But it's not necessary.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wol70cBLNd8
I'd read a book about vampire hunter hunters.
Its not an agent or publisher's job to teach someone how to write.
I think they're cool.
Good. I forbid you from dying. Think of all the Fallout sequels you'll miss out on.
There's more to achieving happiness than fulfilling a list of criteria defined by other people. It sounds like you need to spend some time learning about yourself, to find out what to tinker and adjust in the machine that is your brain to find the optimal "happiness" setting.
That's when you become a backpacker instead of a vagabond. :)
It's verbose and purple, and filled with those little unnecessary analogies that buzz around in your imagination like flies... 8)  The first paragraph opens:   &gt;Winter's breath dusted the landscape with icy snowdrifts. The stark trees quivered nakedly in the blistering swells of wind. Barren ridges of rock jutted out of gravel and dirt. Patches of grass were seldom seen and mostly dead.  To the authors credit I looked at the second book and it seemed a bit better.
EGADS! He looks like a SFF writer!
You have great stories to tell but I feel like your writing needs some work. It would help if you learned more active language and storytelling skills. So many sentences start with dependent clauses and that makes it a bit tiring to read. You also rely heavily on transitive verbs and it makes it feel like you're telling a story about yourself, rather than putting your reader in the driver's seat with you.  No disrespect of course. Just some friendly advice.
I want to die an old wrinkly child.
It was a little hard to read due to the language.
Not trying to put you down man! I wasn't sure if it was a stylistic choice or not. It's difficult to give advice like this, because I don't want to stomp out anything unique in your writing that might become something great later on, but I'll just give one example. Mind you, this is a very subjective sort of critique.   &gt; Langden continued to tread down the road, until he came across a bridge.   Immediately, you give us a character and sense of space. Awesome.  &gt; He could only see because of the frequent lamp posts evenly spread on the path.  A common alternative would be to imply that the reader is already knows we're viewing this scene from your protagonist's perspective. This makes "He could only see" a bit redundant, unless there is something specifically unique about your character's sense of sight.  Often times once the reader is in your protagonist's point of view, you can just go on with descriptions and assume your reader will know who it's coming from. If you used, "Lanterns, evenly spaced, were the only road's source of light." We would know Langen is seeing this. He's the only character in the scene so far!   An alternative is to move the pronoun to add superior mental imagery. Here's a couple lines from the intro of a Sanderson novel:  "Wax peeked up over the knotted boards, scanning the empty town. **Blue lines hovered in his vision,** extending from his chest to point at nearby sources of metal, a result of his Allomancy."  He doesn't say, "He could see blue lines..." Instead he turns the visuals into the subject.   I don't think there's anything wrong about pronoun subject use, in fact Sanderson does that exact thing in The Alloy of Law's first paragraph, but the repetitious use of it can wear your reader out.
&gt;  I was using generalising terms and referring to pop cultural trends where all this is the standard and always has been.  How is "idiot who can swing the biggest stick" anywhere near the standard? You're not generalizing, you're making a strawman argument.
I know exactly what a strawman argument is. I'm not trying to belittle or insult you. I just don't think your point is a very good one. However I respect your decision not to reply further. We can agree to disagree.
You're off to a good start. I like the switching POV and age difference between the two. I'd love to see some stronger verbs and descriptions to get a more "immediate" sense of the scene. I get a feeling there's a lot more you're imagining that isn't making it to the page! Keep up the practice and the good work.
Don't worry, you're still in the prologue chapter of your life. Once you get to Chapter 1, the part where you move out and start experiencing the vast wide world, you'll get real chances to start over again, to make your life a whole lot better.
Will we ever see more of Lacra? I really liked that story.
I think you should be braver to drop us into your story and world without all the exposition sentences sharing us backstory and telling us what's going on. The whole first paragraph is suspect.
I was stunned at how uninteresting The Legacy was. It almost read like fanfiction of The Dark Elf Trilogy.
I wouldn't jump the gun just yet. We have no idea how they'll negotiate the exit. It's possible Freedom of Movement will remain for UK citizens.
Honestly my prime lens is so sharp there's no perceptible difference from f/2.8 and up.   And, yeah, usually some area in the middle will look sharpest. [Ken Rockwell has a chart here](http://www.kenrockwell.com/tech/focus.htm). Ultimately the only way you can know for sure is by testing the lens yourself, since there is always going to be variation.   There's also user skill... tucking your elbow against your torso to gain stability, holding the camera well with both hands, etc. It sounds like a no-brainer but it took me months of practice just to hold the camera properly in a natural way.
Just blend in. You'll get better shots and avoid any ire of the protesters towards the media.
That tends to happen when a large portion of your population still lives in rural poverty.
I was on the fence, but your ad hominem attacks convinced me of your side of the argument. Thank you!
&gt;taking advantaged of your employees for personal gain   Isn't this the very definition of running a business?
It's like you ignored my point completely and went on an irrelevant rant.
We need an anime-style beatdown from the Fuel to prove a point. Strawhats show off their power levels after time skip.
BuT MiCkiE IsN'T goOd ah fuck it
Red: Hope? Let me tell you something, my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. It’s got no use in the Dallas Fuel. You’d better get used to that idea.
I never said old Hanzo was balanced. You're moving the goalposts.
Dragons are approaching Fuel levels of disappointment
Dive defeated by Brigitte. Didn't see that one coming.
I heard it's way more toxic. I think the PC gets most of its racism and homophobia on the weekend.
This is the stupidest argument people make whenever some celebrity is being criticized.
Hanamura was so good though. So many ridiculous fight comebacks.   Then... doomfist... over and over...
I think Zen got caught behind but don't quote me on that
Ohhh so that's how you consistently counter riptire: Join a team of the best Overwatch players in the world and practice positioning, communication, and targeting priority for several hours a day, for half a year...
M-maybe they'll get 2-8 if they're lucky...
The Custa - Unkoe trade turned out to be an amazing choice.
he ain't no Sinatraa
Perhaps I spoke too soon about Sleepy being the best western Zen.
fix your house m8
&gt;  coaching isnt a huge thing.  They went from dumpster tier to stage playoffs contenders from a new coach.
SoOn looks so miserable lol
I would love to see Pine play support.
I'd love for NYXL to go full troll at least once. Go Symm, Torb, Brigitte.  Have a 500 hp JJonak floating around.
No matter who wins, WizardHyeong is gonna be pissed
NYXL you stupid mother fuckers
