However that's an oppressed people reclaiming a word that oppressed them, such as "gay" with the non-straight community.  Side note, it's "nigga." Example: if you call a nigga a "nigger" they will *cut* you (metaphorically, usually).
Interestingly enough we also see plenty of black people vote Republican because it's technically the party that freed their ancestors, if only in name. They don't think to actually look into what the party stands for (as plenty of white people do as well).
Fake.
Actually, you're using sex terms here. For gender you should use "man," "woman," and at least "other" (Even if you don't agree with the American trans community, other cultures have had other genders for centuries).
That woman's poor vulva...
Aragorn broke his toe when he kicked the helmet in Twin Towers. He continued to act on it for about an hour. The cut you see in the movie is the one where he broke his toe.  Viggo Mortensen is a badass.  Bonus: he also broke his tooth at Helm's Deep and had them glue it back on on set so he could keep acting.
Actually, Ariel's Beginning was really good. It was a return to the music roots. The villain felt kinda unnecessary, though.
You don't get much more anti-Muslim than that.
What /u/Belicia said, as well as the fact that you're comparing everyone to her. You keeping looking for HER2.0 when really you need to look for a new woman all together. Think about what you liked in Her - now also think about what you didn't. Try to find these in someone new.
Disagreeing on core values.
TBH I think it started with Caitlyn's transition. Don't get me wrong, she's a horrid representation of the trans community, but the way she publicized it is what brought it to media attention, I think.
In a non-condescending way, what culture would you have "reign supreme"?
I physically cringed.
I'm not really sure why you're trying to seduce children... :p
Protip: close your legs before you sit down - everything SHOULD slide to the front, avoiding all of your weight.
Not praise children for their shitty art &lt;- reasons I won't be teaching children.
Yes, but the reverse is not true because racism is institutionalized. Racism is things like "Redlining," where when neighborhoods received "safety ratings," black neighborhoods automatically got lower scores. It's rich white people who are living off old money that was garnered by slaves. It's black people getting randomly stopped and frisked way more often than white.
I'm liberal, but I also can see how this is similar to aspects of the the Red Scare.
She was probably just cold, or some nipples never go flat (I mean, from the looks of hers....)
Or it hurt because of lack of lube.
I WANT THE MOUSE ONE ;___;
This *would* work if it weren't for lackies. Because the bully is getting attention from *someone* for bullying, they will keep doing. It would take many times being ignored by *everyone* for a bully to stop.
Well that saves me money, thanks!
I've heard of people wearing their cervical ring on their wrists - I think pharmacy techs should be required to at least ask the people, "How do you take this? When do you take it? What are the side effects? Why should you stop taking it? Does it prevent STI's?"
Pills are better at contraception because all you have to do is take them at the same time every day vs using enough lube, not being too rough, taking it off immediately &amp; away from the vulva, and quality varies by brand.
I know it doesn't. I specified when the STI's are involved because that's when the only affect will be on chances of getting an STI, otherwise it's pregnancy and STI.
Aww that's sad :(
They're either really nervous, seeking attention, or being passive aggressive when they "haha" all the time.
Then why do you?
A brat??? I'd love a snake that cuddly &lt;3
It's okay, most people don't, just be sure to fix it :)
That's a great idea, thanks!
This is actually a common misconception- there are asexual people who have sexual desires. There are also sexual people without sexual desires! Asexual people find no one hot. If you're wondering why a person would have sex with someone they don't find hot, most people who have sex with their hand don't find their hand hot. :p  There are couples where are both sexual but one lacks desire and it creates issues - unless they let it be open.
Right? Post-menopausal people are most hormonal stable.
Thanks for the tips, I'll keep them in mind! :D
Hmm, I was under the impression that company claims couldn't be trusted because of the loose laws protecting workers/requiring transparency. Thanks!
Thanks for letting me know! I definitely agree that's the better solution, just didn't know it could be verified ^^
Asexual people do not find people hot. Sexual people do find people hot. It's not about wether or not they want to have sex.
Better than risking no sensitivity :D
That's so dumb - you're the perfect DD!
There are certainly cases like yours, but even for you weight made it worse.
Also "fat dog is a happy dog"
I try not to use "sexual attraction" because so many people think sexual attraction = want to have sex with.
RIGHT??????? Especially with all the antivaxxors around these days....
Hmm that's a good idea. The only justification I see for it is to make sure there's no racism going on.
That's like menstruation level, damn.
This woman comes in to the vet with a POTATO of a chihuahua. Fat animals INFURIATE me because most animals can't control their weight. But when the vet comes out to talk to her she says he suddenly gained weight and I feel bad. Then she tells her friend he's "big boned" and I'm furious again. IS YOUR DOG FAT AND WILL YOU TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR IT?
Haha I can't see it on mine, either. "I find her most attractive when she is pregnant." Reason someone gave for preferring their wife morbidly obese.
Aww that sucks :( If you can afford a toaster oven those work as well!
Thank you, that's exactly why I've been trying to steer clear of them!
