I'm not embarrassed.
Random thing, but this last year was the first time the Vikings have been in the bottom half of the league in rush defense (which is still ok, they were 17th). But yeah, the Vikings have always had a very impressive rush defense, and I never realized how badly it sucks to have someone rush all over you until Lacey did it this year.
I love how well defined the NFC North lines are. Straight along the WI-MN and WI-IL borders are perfect.   Also in that regard, AZ just takes up every county for itself and only itself. Pretty cool
The thing for me is that Hall of Fame should be based on Fame. Eli is famous and a huge part of NFL history for his wins against the Pats. He wasn't the absolute best, and is really a tier below most of the QBs in this era, but he is FAMOUS because of his 2 superbowls and how he got them, so I think he's in there
Lesson here: Don't count the Redskins out of the playoffs already-  &gt;Not spectacular QB named Patrick Haden  &gt;Injured and replaced  &gt;+14 pt differential on the year  &gt;Goes to Superbowl  Never say never folks
We like you guys too. I mean, the main highlights guy in /r/nfl is a Bears fan, plus all the Bears fans I know IRL are super cool. I'm fine with anyone taking the division as long as it's not the Packers!
Well, you're sure right that this is unpopular (at least for one side of the St. Croix), but what kind of scares me is that it could be true.   Think about 2010. We came off a fantastic year, 12-4, destroyed a highly rated Dallas team, lost to the Super Bowl champs by an OT field goal that sparked a rule change.  Next year?   6-10.  Yeah, this is unpopular, and with Zimmer I think it is a much different tale than with Chili. I mean, we were calling for Childress's head during the 12-4 run. But if it doesn't work, this may turn out exactly the same: Next year we fall in several close games, year after we try to reach to make something happen and lose 10+, followed by a miraculous playoff run.   It's pretty cyclical at this point. Minus the fact that our QB is young. Which is also why I would disagree.  But yeah in terms of unpopular this one wins  edit: changed "is" to "could be." I'm not that much of a downer
I think it's safe to say Christian Ponder is an all time great
I'm fine with these other big hits that destroyed someone's career. The Lawrence Taylor hit on Joe Theismann, yeah it was rough to watch (and hear), but it was part of the play.  This is why late hits are a thing. This shouldn't happen. What a scumbag. FTP(...ackers's player who did this not their entire organization)
&gt;Chargers  &gt;Defense  I think I see a flaw in your response
The Superbowl was pretty good for Aaron, but that Atlanta game was absolutely stellar. That Atlanta team won 13 games. Their losses were to Pittsburgh, the other super bowl team, in OT, a 2 TD loss in Philly, and to the former SB champion Saints by a field goal. Then they get BTFO @ home by GB, pretty much due to Rodgers. That game was crazy for him
Sorry dude. It sucks.
You know that game would just go to OT and have missed FG after missed FG, right?
Confirmed would happen
At least we wouldn't have lost!
I mean, not without that attitude either. But definitely not with it.
Fairly sure you just called half of Minnesota insane. lol
If our QB throws 9 interceptions all year every year, I don't care if they're all his fault or not.
I bet this has happened but it was stopped ever tim.
ATL-  Wins: TB (home), NO X2, GB, CAR (home), PHI, LA, SF  Losses: DEN, SEA, SD, OAK, TB (away), ARI, KC, CAR (away)  Atlanta is going to vastly improve on defense this year due to their coaching changes, but their offense is going to suffer (I believe, it's an opinion thing). They're going to have success against teams with good offenses, and as always, have success at home, but it'll lead to another relatively average year for the Falcons. Sorry guys, I love ya, but it's gonna be another blue-ballin' year. A couple sporadic wins though, and I would not be surprised to see y'all in the playoffs.  Final record: 8-8 (5-3 home, 3-5 away)  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  TB-  Wins: LA, DEN, SF, OAK, ATL (home), CHI, SD, NO (home), CAR (home)  Losses: ATL (away), ARI, CAR (away), KC, SEA, DAL, NO (away)  Opposite of what I think for Atlanta, the Bucs will vastly improve their offense this year while their defense stays the same, and maybe even regresses a little. TB is a team on the rise, with a good young QB who's actually pretty good at leading a team, and I'd be pretty surprised if TB is less than .500 this year for sure. Also, maybe you're wondering why I picked TB to beat Carolina at home? Well, maybe not, but either way, just remember that that's [this](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/694994-carolina-panther-cam-newton-is-the-worst-nfl-draft-pick-ever) game. I'm excited. And hey, if you guys pull off a couple of close games, maybe we'll have an NFC Central rematch in the playoffs! You know, for old times' sake.  Final Record: 9-7 (7-1 home, 2-6 away)  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  LA-  Wins: SEA (home), ARI (away), BUF, NYJ, SF (home)  Losses: SF (away), TB, DET, NYG, CAR, MIA, NO, NE, ATL, SEA (away), ARI (home)  ~~St Louis~~ RIP. Los Angeles is going to be interesting, and I can't even predict how they're going to do based on home field advantage, because I have no clue as to what theirs is. (For the record, I know the other teams', because I spent about 3 whole days during Thanksgiving break finding out how much better teams do at home than on the road. If you want to see it I have it still.) This will be their first year in a stadium I don't even know the name of (coliseum?), so I don't know if they'll be great or terrible. Either way, I'm gonna predict their games like every other year: Exactly what you wouldn't expect them to do. There won't be a major improvement to offense, as rookies will need to take a year, as I'd expect with Goff, but defense will--- you know what, defense is gonna stay stagnant too. Dammit. Come on Rams, do something different for a change. Move to a new city or something.  Final Record: 5-11 (3-5 home, 2-6 away)  edit: formatting
The NFL is a strange sport
Dat 16-0 season tho.
Correct. But I mean that happened on like 25% of our pass plays last season too.
As the one flow chart said,   &gt;I long for the good ol' days when our losses really meant something---&gt;Vikings  &gt;Our losses were never really that important---&gt;Lions
Hmm, tempting... how bout instead i change the structure of every orifice in your face!
Yeah i i thought about #2 when it happened; it was a clear obstruction of the rule. If it happened the other way (batted it backward to have a better chance of recovering the ball), i could see it, but this was a blatant breaking of the rule
Damn the Kirk one is beautiful
That seemed like a good idea but it just crashed and burned geez
Did she agree to another date?
not worth
What if deja vus are actually cause we remember them from our actual lives?
I can't think of a reason why I should be surprised
The Packers will surprisingly fall. (I can hope). We saw the beginning of the dismay that can happen 2 seasons ago, and I think their window is very quickly closing. Expect a shoulder injury to A-a-ron by week 8 of this year, and he won't play the same way, though still very well. (I'm not saying to any NFL D-Linemen go for this, but I think it's very likely to happen)
Any Lions fan who was 5 years old or older in 2008 is automatically exempt from the bandwagon card at any point until death
Wait, you were a terrible person so you decided to go for the Raiders, or you were a terrible person while a fan of KC so you switched to the Raiders?
I agree with half of your statement
To be fair, it was a really impressive interception
The best thing of outdoor football was that in the cold, everyone there wanted to be there. You dont bring babies or 10 yr olds who dont care about the game when its -6 outside, only fans who want to watch their team win (and be loud while doing so).
I think they're all exactly right except for the 5th seeds being wrong, the Panthers being 5th not 6th, and the bye teams being switched. That is remarkable
Woah 5 from Indiana seems odd. What's with that?
*Impossible*
If they had a separate category for QBOTY, he'd have a very good shot.   MVP in its namesake is the most valuable though, and even being the most valuable on the defense is tough to replace a QB who is clearly the most important player on an offense
Jimmy still looks the best
I can see that. Though I think Case Keenum is the best-looking QB in the league
I'm ready for crushing disappointment, but you're right, until I'm crushingly disappointed, BARRROOOOOOOOOO
This is up there with the Chiefs' 0 WR receiving TDs in 2014. How do you avoid that?
I'd like everyone to rank the playoff teams in terms of how excited they'd be to win the Super Bowl this year. I'll start   1. Bills - Between them and MN, they're about the same, but the Bills magic to get to the playoffs overshadows MN's dominant route there. Erase the 0-4.   2. Vikings - explained above, slightly below Bills   3. Eagles - To win a superbowl in a city where you get booed after halftime in a game where you win, IDK. I don't know many Philly fans who are rational, but I know they are all passionate, and after the torment of recent years, I'm fairly certain a Philly SB would be received quite well.   4. Jaguars - for all the /r/nfl doubters, and also to get the "Jaguars have never even been to the super bowl" trivia off the back. Also on a somewhat personal opinion, Khan deserves a super bowl, as he's treated the city of Jacksonville wonderfully   5. Falcons - To be ousted in the super bowl after the lost lead and come back and win the next year as a 6 seed would be remarkable.   6. Panthers - similar to Falcons, not a lost lead, but a big win after the SB loss + hangover.   7. Titans - First one in franchise history, led by the Nashville savior and a wonderful man, the flyin' Hawaiian himself.   8. Chiefs - The loudest fans in the NFL have been desiring a SB for 48 years now, and they'd be quite excited to get one, though I think the season had by the Chiefs made them a bit weary 9. Saints - Personally, I don't like Sean Payton, but I think Drew Brees is a wonderful human, as I'm sure 99% of the population of New Orleans does too. They'd be very excited to get him another ring, since he's been better than an amazing QB and only had 7-9 records to show it.   10. Rams - I put the Rams low on this list because of the recent move, but for those who were Rams fans through the move and those who want the Rams to win but not for Stan Kroenke, a SB win would be remarkable.   11. Steelers - They'd love it, but come on, they have a song about going to the Super Bowl. They've been there before and I think that lowers your personal value of it.   12. Patriots - Same as above, but I mean even moreso- They won last year. They've won 5 in the last 20 years, and I think the value of a superbowl has been severely deflated in New England
Wonderful is not   Quite how I would describe them   but to each their own    Jaco hits it high   Not deep though; just short infield   Beezle makes the catch  Pitch: 450 diff: 323 result: PO  Bases empty, 1 out
I'd argue that the TB touchdowns weren't garbage time when they were scored. But even so, that's an amazing stat. The last non-garbage time TD not scored by the Vikings at US Bank was probably scored by a high school team, but if we're only including NFL teams it was the Rams
Depending on what generation of Vikings you grew up with, that's understandable
