REI tents seem to be overpriced to me, and for backpacking seems pretty heavy for what you do get. It's basically over-engineered and charges boutique pricing. I don't have a particular suggestion for car camping at this point since I went hammock and never looked back.  Backpacking though you have a *ton* of options for around REI's price point (it's no longer a minor brand name, you're paying for the REI label at this point). If you use hiking poles you might want to consider something that isn't stand-alone, like a lightheart gear tent, or one of the MRS line, or even a Big Agnus. You can get pretty lightweight if you shop around too.  Jetboils are fine if you're wanting to boil water, fast, and don't mind the weight, and are willing to lose the speed and the efficiency if you're going to camp anywhere with anything more than a breeze. They aren't efficient in the wind. At all. And for me at least they'r damn heavy. The Titanium option wasn't bad, but I don't think they make that any more.  For roughly the same price I can get an MSR micro rocket or gigapeak and something like an evernew Ti pot and save half a pound or more on my cook kit.  I could also go with a caldera cone kit and an alcohol/spirit stove solution and go quiet and a little slower (about 7-10 minutes to boil water). If I upgraded to TI I'd be rocking less weight than the other two options. Plus, once you buy your stand alone pot, it can be moved between systems. The Jetboil is pretty much only usable by jetboil systems. You're locked in.  Sleeping bags- Check out Enlightened Equipment. They actually sell closed footbox quilts. I really like them since they combine the lightness of a mummy bag and the comfort of... well... a blanket. They're also economical compared to the competition.
Egg crystals are better for this anyway. Weigh way less.   Buy ovum egg crystals, dehydrate bell peppers, get some turkey sausage that's been cooked &amp; crumbled, dehydrate it, then rehydrate on the trail and make some killer burritos for a fraction of the weight. Dehydrate mushrooms too if you want, they dehydrate great. Onions are smelly to dehydrate and you can just get the freeze dried ones to get some mild oniony flavor going. Heck you could dry out diced tomatoes and rehydrate those if needed.  For longer term tortilla storage packitgourmet used a vacuum packer to make smaller batches of tortillas packed for freshness:  http://blog.packitgourmet.com/2009/10/life-of-tortilla.html
hikelospadres.com for a giant database on trails and campsites.  Good News Everybody, they just lifted fire restrictions in the LP! You can have a camp fire again! Or an alcohol stove, or a biofuel stove!
Protip: Backbone trail is not a trail you can camp on. There are campsites around but logistically it's difficult.
&gt;And by "all that extra shit" you help prove the fallacy of the ultralight mindset; saving weight for the sake of saving weight.  Skurka dubs that mindset "stupid light"
Most of the Los Padres is open to you. There's a ton of options and while there's a little snow at the higher elevations you're probably fine.
One problem with buying a freeze dryer is that it's like 2 grand, not including electricity costs.
https://paleomealstogo.com/ if you want straight up Mountain House style meals.  Pretentiousness included at no extra cost.
Yeah. Or boxer/briefs.  Or if you want to go hardcore, North Face better than naked running shorts. There's a varient called long haul or something like that which has boxer brief style liners. Those things are awesome. Expensive though.   Easiest is to just go buy a pair of under armor boxerjox for like 20 bucks. Or ExOfficio give-n-go boxer briefs. The key here is that you want boxer-brief or compression shorts style grip.
&gt;hike at every spot along the way  Taking the coast you're talking about... oh... 700 miles or so of coastline.  Hiking "every spot along the way" would probably take 6 months or so. Actually longer considering that the Los Padres alone has like a thousand miles of trail.  But do you want "coastal" as in "I can see the water from here?" or are you talking "accessible to someone driving down the 101"? Because there's a difference.   Big Sur, Los Padres up above Santa Barbara, the stretch of ocean between Point Magu &amp; Malibu (along with all the santa monica mountain trails), and I'm sure there's stuff further south but I never go that far south.  For the Santa Monica mountains, check out Sandstone Peak &amp; Inspiration Point loop. 7 miles or so with some cracking views.
The problem with biofuel stoves is that they aren't able to be used above alpine level and in areas with fire restrictions, which basically means large portions of California and other dry places for like 6 months a year.   Not to mention screwing with building a fire when you're hungry and just want to eat and crash means a long runup and a long time to wait for the fire to go out. In areas where you have a limited water supply using a firebox like that also requires you to douse using water that could be used for drinking or eating. Or you could just blow fire safety rules out the window I guess.  Also, you conveniently posted the XL version of that stove, which is absurdly expensive. The regular one that you'd use for backpacking runs 40 bucks.
For trekking poles, check out massdrop.com especially since you have some time. They frequently get poles 20-30% off due to group buys. I picked up some really nice carbon fiber poles for almost 50% off a while back.
I see you picked up the unofficial "Crabs Adjust Humility" expansion.
I would imagine that there are facilities in Yellowstone that have wifi that you could tap into.  Other than that you're looking at satellite internet, and it is psychotically expensive.  http://www.groundcontrol.com/IsatHub.htm  There's a unit for 1400 dollars, then it's 200 bucks a month for 100 megs worth of data. Overages are 3.50 a megabyte. And that's for 350kbps.  I don't think IridiumNext is up and running. That might offer slightly cheaper, slightly faster internet speeds if/when it gets up and running, but we're seriously talking about hundreds of dollars a month.   Edit: 20 seconds of googling answered the question of infrastructure in Yellowstone:  Yellowstone Cell Phone Reception  Cell phone service is available in over 50 percent of the park. Coverage is currently provided by five low towers inside the park, servicing Old Faithful, Mammoth, Grant Village, Canyon, and Tower-Roosevelt, as well as along the road corridor between Mammoth and Gardiner, Montana. You may also get cell phone reception near the North Entrance (Gardiner), the West Entrance (West Yellowstone) and the South Entrance from cell phone towers outside the park. The recent renovation of the Lake Hotel in 2014 added cell phone coverage, hard-wired internet in hotel rooms, and a business center with internet-enabled computers for visitor usage. The cell phone coverage was also increased in the Fishing Bridge area of Yellowstone Lake. Verizon has the strongest signal. AT&amp;T and Union Wireless also have coverage. CellularMaps.com provides a cell phone coverage map, updated in October 2014. Cell Phone Driving Tours  Most phone apps that provide narrated tours use your phone’s GPS, not your data plan or WiFi. Such apps should work in most areas of the park. WiFi in Yellowstone  Currently, there is no free wireless internet within Yellowstone National Park. At the Mammoth Dining Lounge, the Lake Hotel, and in the rooms at Grant Village, WiFi is available for purchase. Yellowstone Communications Plan  In 2009, Yellowstone completed a plan for wireless communications in the park. The plan dictates that cell phone and wifi will only be allowed for visitor safety and to enhance park operations. It restricts towers, antennas, and wireless services to a few limited locations in the park, in order to protect park resources and limit the impact on park visitors.
Generally speaking spoiler threads get tagged with spoilers.
If you have a dehydrator this is a tasty red lentil curry recipe that I see no reason why you couldn't dehydrate it:  http://allrecipes.com/recipe/16641/red-lentil-curry/  Make it, spread it thin on fruit rollup trays, dehydrate and break up into bark chips. On the trail make some rice and rehydrate the lentil curry and you're good to go.  I love mashed chickpea salad. It's basically chunky hummus. You could probably cold-hydrate chickpeas, scallions, carrots, celery, etc... and then recosntitute everything.  http://www.simple-veganista.com/2012/10/chickpea-salad.html  I'm thinking with some forethought a lot of Indian food could be integrated into a backpacking meal.
“The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money.  Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a foggy night by the feel of the cobbles.  But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years' time, while the poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet.  This was the Captain Samuel Vimes 'Boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness.”   ― Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms
That's a possibility. If it happened we didn't see it happen and it was one of those moments where TDR was being crazy sauce and someone wrote it down.
Or you know part of the portal's weave is to harden air just enough to keep it from rushing through.  Or the portal has an air-based ward on it that permits everything *but* air through it?
In all likelihood the authors just didn't think of it.   But when we're talking about a world where you can magically rub someone out of existence in the past to undo things they do up to the present, I really think air pressure differential is not some insurmountable problem that couldn't be overcome.
Are you using stock tires? If not, they may be sized differently and can result in speedometer inaccuracies, which I imagine would also throw off gas mileage.
Adventures in Stoving has you covered fam  https://adventuresinstoving.blogspot.com/2014/12/fuel-efficiency-jetboils-vs-regular.html
Well there goes that idea. Worth asking about though.
The only places on highways that I've seen chain checks are the Grapevine, which is the I-5 just north of Los Angeles, and mostly that's because of the steep grade and the sudden snow storms, and the 80 heading east out of Sacramento into Tahoe.  The 80 makes sense. You go by Donner Pass which has a little bit of a history of crappy winters.   I was entering a national park however, and you have to stop and pay or show your pass anyway. So they do the chain warning then. And bear warning in the spring, and fire warning pretty much throughout fire season, etc...
That depends entirely on the gear that she will be borrowing.  Edit: What's the weather going to be like when you're going? Are you sharing a tent? Is your cooking system capable of cooking for 2?   There's WAY too many variables here.
&gt; Rand also has a wound from the fight in the Great hunt and the marks on his hands.   You mean like getting your side pierced with a spear and your hands wounded to boot?  If only we had a savior figure from our past who suffered similar wounds that we could draw parallels to...
&gt;Eye of the World. Rand fights Ba'alzamon. Ba'alzamon gets stabbed, seemingly dies. yet doesn't. returns unharmed for the next book  Didn't he have his cord severed? I think that's the only thing that Rand does to him. That happens in something called a dreamshard supposedly that is halfway to Tel'aran'rhiod, and as we've seen in TAR, while you can die in the dream world, injuries you sustain in TAR if you make it back have smaller real world scars. So it's possible that something similar in the Dreamshard occurs.   Also, I can say that the first two fights seemed to be spiritual rather than physical. EotW seems to almost certainly take place in a metaphysical confrontation. It's arguable that during the Great Hunt climax the fight happened in a spiritual/supernatural format since everyone saw it occur up in the clouds above the battlefield. I think getting stabbed physically does the trick. Besides...  [Metaphysics from A Crown of Swords](/s "The Dark One catches you at the moment of death if you're sworn to him and he favors you. You're reborn into a body if your body is killed. Who is to say that Rand *didn't* kill Ba'alzamon in those first two fights and that the DO took Ba'alzamon and stuffed him back into his body? It's not like his physical body was destroyed")
If memory serves the path is an old 4x road that got blocked off a few decades ago. It's pretty easy to follow.   Water right now and water in Feb are two *entirely* different creatures. the area is getting rained on pretty good so I'm sure the water and the streams are flowing. If it stopped raining now it'd be moderately dry by the time you went but signs seem to point to a relatively wet winter. Water sources should be fine in Feb.   hikelospadres.com is good for monitoring trail reports of water in the area.
&gt; That said, if you car camp at either Sentinel or Cedar Grove on the valley floor there will be great day hiking out of Road's End trail head with very comfortable accommodations for the lady (including showers).  That's assuming the 180 will open up by April. If memory serves it opens late April into May. If the 180 is closed pretty much anything past Hume Lake is off limits.
Welcome to the 74th annual Sniffing competition. Where only the best sniffers will get a chance to square off with women who fold their arms beneath their breasts.
If you're looking for something to keep for the rare instance you need chains, look up autosocks. They're about as low clearance as they can get.   I have a set of super z low profile cables that supposedly work and the only situation where I might need to drive with them I'll be doing 15-20 anyway. Haven't needed them yet though.
Bene Gesserit
In The Dragon Reborn he rolls basically 5 or 6 sixes in dice like ten times in a row.  One toss is like 1 in 7500, ten times in a row is something insane like 1 in 4.9e46 chances
Yup. So you'd get like... the 2nd best result in the game but not the best result. So it's not as obvious that you're cheating.  Great scene. Then the crazy sauce that came after it during the tussle. Good times. (I hope I kept that spoiler free enough)
So the LPNF and all the wilderness to the north isn't real?  Gotcha.
Skurka in general is an awesome resource.
The Mother of the Forest tree a few hundred yards away from this tree had it's bark stripped to send back east as an exhibit. It's still standing, dead, hollowed out from fire.
So basically Westeros is the continent across the Ayrith Ocean?   Probably not. There's a lot of native Seanchan beasties on that continent that are not in ASoIaF.
&gt; Another paradox is what happens when you balefire balefire.  This happens though right? It's part of why Moridin thinks he's connected to Rand.
Considering that the exact same trap is set for... I think it was Perrin, I think that it's not unreasonable to think that they were darkfriends.  That being said, Rand does just stone cold kill them all based on a bad feeling. Turns out that bad feeling was right that time but still..
Additional comment on point 2.  This is the first time that we see that prophecy is really funky in RandLand. It gets fulfilled, but *how* it gets fulfilled is not always immediately obvious. It sets up a lot of the rest of the series in just how prophecy is going to shape the story.
But the gate doesn't *totally* snap shut until the doorway was destroyed. It's like... in sleep mode.
I don't know from the website if that includes android auto. It looks like it *runs* android and is basically a tablet.
Interesting link.  If there is a connection, you could spin it that the Dragon is so destructive and comes about during such destructive times that he is viewed as basically as evil as the Dark One as time goes on and history turns to myth and starts getting muddied on it's way to Legend.  The beginning of the series supports this. Isn't there even a part where Thom muses on being the hero of Tarmon Gai'don to some far flung future storyteller?
Remember that when the series came out it was 2+ years between books frequently. In a time before the internet was as robust and reading synopsis up to that point wasn't an option.  It's also a series that has arguably like a hundred A list &amp; B list characters in it. Wait a few months between books and all that repetition would help. They weren't written with binge reading in mind.
EotW is tonally and structurally different. There's going to be a few continuity hitches, nothing major, as you progress compared to EotW.   Think of it like a really good series. The pilot and first couple episodes are feeling out where they need to be as a show and a story and the tone will vary and the story structure will shuffle around a little looking for the sweet spot. EotW is the pilot, TGH is the first few episodes (although really the changes feel like they were mostly settled on in TGH and just get polished moving foward), and by TDR you've hit the sweet spot and just go.   Edit: Seriously downvoted? Would the downvoter care to explain why?
Sorry if I came off upset I just pointed that out because the OP said later in the thread Mat went through the arch and got his spear and that was as far as the story had gone. Trying to save as much fun for the OP :)
Why did this get downvoted?
The big payoff with Delorme/Garmin is that you receive confirmation that your message was sent. SPOT uses a best-guess to tell you if it sent or not because it's a 1-way system.
No clue. I just saw where the OP was on the Mat storyline in a post.
