Sorry I'm late getting back to this, but I haven't heard of anything to indicate that Avengers is in the Buffyverse.
I saw a picture of this in the wild quite a while ago. Don't recall if it was here, or on Opposite Lock.
You might be surprised to learn that these are reasonably common in the Midwest and other parts of the US, where these kinds of vehicles can be classified as ATVs. Farmers and ranchers love them because they've got a vehicle that they can put hay into, a newborn calf, feed etc and still drive it on local roads and highways.   Laws very from state to state, so check your DMV before purchasing one for yourself.
Because they're easier to drive out on farms and small places on a farm or ranch.
Most likely the Specialized ummagumma.
Or a sink?
Looks like somebody is trying to make another Speedy Cop plane.   http://blog.caranddriver.com/spirit-of-lemons-how-a-1956-cessna-airplane-became-a-road-racing-lemons-car-w-build-photosvideo/
Saw something like this on CBS the other day, but this market on boats has been going on for about a thousand years.   http://www.cbsnews.com/news/change-coming-to-vietnams-floating-market/  Warning: You will be hungry for Pho after watching this video.
Is it just the exhaust pipe, or does that also include a catalytic converter? Sometimes these are also one whole piece, especially if they're connected to the exhaust manifold of the vehicle.   If you live in a state where they put salt on the roads, then a rusty exhaust system can happen around the decade mark. Ask a few more questions about what is actually being replaced and if they are aftermarket parts, or original Toyota parts. That too can make a big difference.
On a lot of front wheel drive vehicles, the exhaust manifold will have a catalytic converter built right onto it, mostly due to packaging reasons, but also for emissions as the catalytic converter heats up faster when it's closer to the engine. These kinds of systems usually meet at a collector, then a single exhaust goes out to the back of the vehicle.   The OP wasn't specific enough about what part of his exhaust system was bad, so it's kind of difficult to gauge if that's too expensive or not. If it's just a muffler from the collector back, that should be a few hundred bucks tops to repair or replace. Catalytic converters can be extremely expensive as they contain rare earth metals.
If you are afraid of getting the wrong cartridge filter, then you should probably buy an OEM filter from your dealership and get the correct part number, then buy one online or somewhere else, since you'll know for sure what filter you need.
I don't think the sledding hill is an official hill any longer, but the park itself is nestled between Leadale Ave and I-229.   There are some decent mountain bike trails, and a community garden at Leaders Park that are worth mentioning.
In the episode Once More With Feeling where Buffy looks up at the camera and sings the words "...and you can sing along" to the audience.  It was really subtle and clever, like the rest of the show always is.
Next step: giant frozen wheel (un)balancers.
It's probably set up for TSD rally. They're usually held in rural areas, and lots of guys set up auxiliary lighting on their cars to run them. Seeing how this is in California and there's a lot of tumbleweeds and other debris on the roads in areas where these kinds of TSDs are held, then the brush guard would serve two purposes.   Looks like a well made piece to me.
Find other awkward people to meet.
Good advice. Thanks.
"Hey, fowwy, but I ave ew fanfel ewonigh" "I bii my ewnge!"
Where did this happen and how did you get out of the ditch?
Some of our more creative endeavors have been in an effort to destroy each other.
Thanks for the correction.
JDM gold plated drums yo.
OEM wheels for just about any brand are about $600.00 to $1000.00 a piece, so that sounds about right actually. Do you have a part number on the replacement wheel that you're looking for?
Are you  doing this drive right now? Road trip? Something else?
KNAC.com still has an option to use Real as a way to stream music on their site. They even have an option for Quicktime, which begs the question, does Apple even support Quicktime these days?   http://www.knac.com/listen.asp
That was the previous gen Corolla that had the All-Trac option. This appears to be a regular FWD Corolla.
Or r/mildlysatisfying
What other things does she have a tendency to fall off of?
I'll check it out when it's on Netflix or Hulu. Glad to see that SyFy is committed to programming like this and other shows like Dark Matter, which enjoyed quite a bit.
David always has interesting guitar riffs. This is good stuff.
It's futuristic and follows the design language of the Mirai, which is also a rather polarizing design.   In a few years, this Prius will look normal.
It really creates some great dissonance.
Truck appears to be an early '90s Hilux.
It gets confusing in the US, because the trucks were on a Hilux chassis, but the model name never got the Hilux moniker for the US market.
About the same size as the current Tacoma, but even by Toyota standards, the T-100 was ridiculously overbuilt. Toyota had Hino, their heavy duty truck division design most of the truck.   The T-100 came in at a weird time and at was a weird size for American buyers, so it never really caught on, even though it was  good truck for what it was.
Those are vent tubes for the tool box!
It's legal to ride an ATV on the street here, so long as it has front and rear lights and is licensed. I see lots of ATVs like this now, mostly kitted up with stupid looking wheels and tires like the OP posted.
Is it a Toyota TRD charger?
Was she named after a character from the show Dollhouse?
&gt; Ssangyong Acyton  That's exactly what it is. Thank you!
You should have chained up for this.
They're almost identical.
Had to look that up on Urban Dictionary.
Does the slope that the titanium is sitting at make any difference?
Looks like they were trying to accomplish what Minneapolis Moline did in the '50s and '60s.   http://i.imgur.com/CwKTdU8.jpg
He just gnaws at the grass a bit, then either guards it like he's doing here, or pretends that he's hiding behind the grass, like it's a bush or something.
He plays it with his fingers live.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_KJMPkAGwk
Have a web based application on our corporate network that we waited almost 5 years to be developed by our vendor. It relies exclusively on Java *and* Flash to function properly.   Every time either Flash or Java gets updated, a toolbar inevitability gets installed and renders the program totally inoperable.   The vendor said that reprogramming the program in HTML5 would take a few years and would too costly, so I guess we're stuck with a program that is already obsolete.
Fans react to Fine Bros trying to copyright "reaction videos" by not watching Fine Bros videos.
The SVX existed in an automotive realm that's often confusing to a North American audience, as it was a GT, or Grand Touring car. Not really a sports car, not really a muscle car, it slots somewhere between a sporty car and a luxury car -- not a vehicle that has ever been very popular or understood stateside.
