Youll be fine as long as you hit the up button.
Good luck finding one in the US.
She ain't borderline
Might want to confirm this,  embassy just has to get you back to us soil,  might mean just California,  and not new York,  but they will generally do what they can.
Good enough.
Give him a peanut butter sandwich.   Everything likes peanut butter,  and and since this is Australian,  if he likes you,  he will kill you last.
24 hour CVS may have something that will work.
Bird??  I thought it was the harpoon point
Separate blankets
Sounds like a good idea
Yeah,  I saw that a few years ago.   The documentary was more recent,  they spent a lot of time figuring out the number of teeth on the gears and things like that, but it seemed like thy had rebuilt and accounted for all the bits they had.
At high doses water is lethal.
Yesss, boss.
Wtf happened now?
Yep,  but some people just declare their purse dog an emotional support animal to take him shopping,   whereas some people have dogs trained to stop ptsd panic attacks.   Hence the debate
You sound Caucasian.    Of course no one has a whites only waterfountain up,  but how many people are looked over for jobs and promotions because of their skin tone.   How many people sit around with beers and blame all the crime on backs and Mexicans,  and vote about welfare Queens,  and Obama being a Muslim with a fake birth certificate?   How many people are proud your state has the KKK flag worked did to the official state flag that flies over the Capitol every day?
When you have the KKK flag still being flown at full height while the state and national flags flown at half mast for 9 people murdered to start a race war,  people tend to notice and have a problem with it.
Carpool in clarendon
It was OA one of the other companies doing rockets,  also known as atk I think,  they merged with someone else awhile ago.   I am not sure what their contracts are.   They stopped trading for a day or so after the explosion,  jus the sec/market stops kicking in due to it falling so far,  they were never removed from the market or anything.
FUCKING RUN
Perfect
Peanut butter and cheese
It's an option under where you choose to ship it to. They have them at bunches of 7-11s, its great.  Just pick whichever one you want and you get a text with the code to open the locker.
Depends.  The really good hummus, the place will actually remove the skins from the chick peas, that adds to the time.
It would.  But you would need 100 miles worth of atmosphere to provide sea level pressure.
That's not a hooker, its a damned mynock.  You've been alone in space way too long.
Or if someone drops a zero on an order, or if the automated systems shit themselves again like they did a few years ago.
They also make pink hello kitty real assault rifles, and guns in multiple day glo colors.
Steve irwin was also a lifelong expert on those reptiles, and know exactly what he could get away with.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLpgxry542M  Hell with lasers....
That and the all day static front page.
That too.
Nah, go for /r/JusticeServed , justiceporn got taken over by a psychomod.
You are technically correct, the best kind of correct
The weren't secret videos, they were fraudulently altered and edited videotapes.
Seveneves? Set in almost present day but extensive space habitat living
Thanks
Lot of arid areas in the outback that camels do well in.  I think the US has a couple of wild herds that were brought here as an attempt at camel cavalry back in the day.
It's going to systems full of burning ships, same as it always does.
I stand corrected.
Oh, he was totally sarcastic
Contact AMEX.  Ask them the best way to proceed.  This is what they do, They handle thousands of things like this a day, i bet.
Dude, super soaker 9000.  Cat has no idea what the fuck just happened,except counters bad.
REctal probes
I saw this.  The models keep scaling up.  WERE ALL GOING TO DIEEEEEE
Or it will find a new kind of host it was never partners with before
There is a mash episode about this
Hes using the rubber ducks as decoys to lure them in.
No, they want you to give them money.
Our bodies need a certain chemical balance to continue the reactions that keep us alive.  We evolved a billion years ago in a salt ocean, and still need salty water to survive, even if it is internally.
