Where are you located?   Precisely when did you transplant them?   Did they flower in previous years?   How long had they been living next to the driveway?   Are you asking about the ones you moved, or the ones still next to the driveway, or both?
Why is it like that? Did someone prune it, or disease, or what?
Oaks, hickories, walnuts, and hornbeams have deep roots, but they're all slow-growing, and I have no idea how good they are at "soaking" up groundwater.  Where are you located?  What spot in your landscaping are you trying to fill with a tree?
&gt;It's called jasmine. That's what they mean by jasmine when the mention jasmine.  There are a lot of different plants that go by the colloquial name "jasmine", and in this particular case, the plant that the OP is asking about isn't a jasmine at all.
They need the equivalent of an inch of rain every week, so if it doesn't rain all week, you'll need to water them. Also if your weather turns hot, dry, and windy, they'll need some extra waterings until they're established and start putting out new growth.
Cantaloupe = watermelon, basically.  Same regimen, same care, same pests. Large melons take longer to come ripe, but Moon and Stars is smaller so not as lengthy a wait.  Bunnies figure that canteloupe = watermelon, too.  You need a bunny fence. Any wire fence will do, but either :  A. the bottom wire needs to be pegged tight to the ground so Bun can't push his head and shoulders under it, and shove it up, and wriggle under.  or  B. The bottom 12" or so needs to be buried.  or  C. You lay out the bottom 12" flat on the ground next to the fence, in an L-shape.  If there's plenty of other food around, a simple wire fence may be enough to discourage them.  Note that a full-grown rabbit can wriggle easily through a chain link fence opening, so any wire fencing has to have openings smaller than that. Chicken wire, or hardware cloth.
Plants that will root from cuttings will root eventually, given the right conditions. All that the rooting hormone does is speed up the process, which means that the cutting has a better chance of evading rot while it's waiting for its new roots.  Some plants root so readily from cuttings, suckers, and shoots that there's no need to use rooting hormone. Some plants that will root eventually from cuttings, suckers, and shoots will benefit from using rooting hormone to speed it up a bit.  So, it depends.
Only if they get sprayed with the soap.  It's not toxic the way that pesticides are. If they get enough of it on them, it's possible that they could be harmed.  Think of the soapy water as nail polish remover, and a bug's waxy cuticle coating as the nail polish. How badly the nail polish gets messed up depends on how much nail polish remover gets on it.
How to prune lilacs.   http://gardening.about.com/od/pruning/a/Pruning_Lilacs.htm  Unless you're in Nunavut and your flowers have just now faded, it's too late in the season to prune. They bloom on old wood.
Go ahead and take them with you, because chances are excellent that they will be mowed as weeds after you leave.
Were they male or female blossoms?  It's normal for male blossoms to be jettisoned, they only last for 1 day. Same for female, but if your plant is jettisoning female blossoms, it means they aren't being fertilized and you aren't going to get any veg, so you want to look into hand pollinating.  Also, frequently zukes have trouble get their guys n gals coordinated, so it's not unusual to have males-only or females-only at first, which of course wither and die.
They are all run through state universities.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative_State_Research,_Education,_and_Extension_Service#Cooperative_Extension_System
Bird netting is the method of choice.
http://www.lecreuset.com/cast-iron-mini-cocotte  &gt;*Whether starting with an appetizer of warm spinach and artichoke dip or finishing a meal with individual portions of fruit cobbler, the Mini Cocotte is a versatile and convenient solution for both preparation and serving.*   Use it like a ramekin.  Eggs en cocotte.
Ok.  [Imgur](http://imgur.com/XVJ165K,wMqe7mI#0)  Picture 1.  You want to remove your front sidewalk and bump out the front foundation bed to about 3 feet wide, all the way across the front of the house towards the side door.  You're going to keep the side walkway the way it is. The basement window well and the gas/electric meter make it what I call a "utility corridor". It's useless space for much gardening since the meter reader has to be able to access the meter.   The blue crosshatching is an optional second flowerbed that you can put on the other side of the walk.  It should be no wider than half the width of the new sidewalk. If you go wider than that, you start getting into serious perennial flower borders.   You can have this blue crosshatch flowerbed run around the corner of the house and continue to parallel the sidewalk all the way to the side door, or you can stop it at the corner at a right angle, or you can make a curvy bit at the corner.  It's up to you. There isn't really a right way or a wrong way.   This bed can have any kind of flowers that you like. Perennials like daylilies and iris, annuals like petunias. Only thing is, they have to be smallish, say not over 18" high. This is because you don't want them hiding what's in the main foundation bed next to the house.  The main foundation bed will have a trellis on the far left. It can be a rose or a vine like a clematis, or whatever.  You need a vertical note there. If you don't want a vine and trellis, you can do a tall juniper or something, but it will need cutting back in a few years.    The rest of the bed will be a mixed border, of either plain green shrubs and things like succulents, or flowering shrubs, or perennials, or a mix. The important thing is that they have rounded or curvy outlines--i.e. no rectangular yew shrubs, no boxy bushes made with the hedge clippers. You want soft curves because your house's facade is so right-angle geometric. Think floribunda rosebushes, not square evergreens.   You want tallest things in back, but no taller than the bottom of the window. Then medium-sized things in the middle, and smallest things in front.   You can continue the smallest things around the corner next to the house, in those dribs and drabs of soil in the utility corrider. Or put in some petunias or marigolds.  Just because it's the utility corridor doesn't mean it can't have some flowers.  There's a scribbly red tree at the corner of the house. This should be a small tree such as a Japanese maple, redbud, dogwood, birch, flowering crabapple/cherry/plum, or similar. It goes at a strategic spot on the corner at least 10 feet from the foundation (because of roots) which you will have to eyeball yourself.  This softens the corner of the house and helps to hide the utility corridor.  On the porch you have your planters, deck tubs, half-barrels, urns, whatever. It doesn't have to be four, but they should be symmetrical. Look at it from the street and see. Possibly a small decorative bench for guests instead of the patio table and chairs.  Picture 2.  Your bed to the right of the porch needs to have either (1) rounded things, or (2) curvy things.  The window above the bed is so completely rectangular that the rectangular raised bed below it only hammers away at the rectangularness of the whole setup. Put some rounded, curvy, assymetrical things in the bed. They should reach almost to the windows.  Your front yard looks good. That's an excellent specimen tree in the front, and good placement on whatever the large bush is in the right-hand corner. Someone was paying attention when they put those two things in.   Overall, you have a classic American Prairie School ranch house as filtered through the lens of 20th century suburban domestic architecture, with the long, low silhouette, the narrow band of windows, and the deep overhanging eaves.   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_School  So you want to go with classic American flowers and plants, things with soft, loose outlines like rudbeckia, coneflower, phlox, petunias. You want to avoid overly formal things like clipped boxwoods or rigorously pruned privets.  Get with the Master Gardeners at the extension office for ideas for specific plants, they LOVE picking out plants for people.
Not a recommendation, just a "well, there it is." What did you search under? I used "watering timers".  &gt;preferably under 50 dollars  Probably going to be more.  http://www.amazon.com/Orbit-56233D-3-Outlet-Digital-Watering/dp/B004PVK4GK/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1433593023&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=watering+timers  &gt;*Watering frequency from every 6 hrs up to every 7th day*  http://www.amazon.com/MELNOR-4-Zone-Digital-Water-Timer/dp/B0094KM4VK/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1433593023&amp;sr=8-4&amp;keywords=watering+timers
Anything you would cook on a grill. This is a good primer.  http://www.thekitchn.com/kitchen-basics-how-to-use-your-112585
Your best starting point is your county extension office. They have a federal mandate to help homeowners with garden problems, and their Master Gardeners just love to hand out advice. They will have plant lists, schedules, guides, all kinds of stuff.  All free of charge, Your Tax Dollars At Work. Call them on Monday.  http://cesanmateo.ucanr.edu/
First you need an ID. Head on over to /r/whatsthisplant and to /r/marijuanaenthusiasts (yes, really).  It looks like it might be winterkill to me, depending on what it is.
No, actually, landscape fabric is very difficult to roll out after everything is planted, because you have to cut holes for the plants in it as you go along. It's much easier to cut your holes first, then lay it down and plant things into the holes.
No worries, not an issue.
A single 7" high layer is fine, mainly because potting mix is not cheap.  No need to dig down into the dirt, but do cover any grass or weeds with cardboard before you add your potting mix, to smother them out. By the time your plants need to send their roots down into the dirt under your raised bed, the cardboard will have rotted down.
Roses don't need a lot of fussy care, so I'd trim off the obviously crispy-brown-and-dead bits, give it a dose of either rosebush fertilizer, or a big double handful of rich compost, and then leave it alone while you get on with your other gardening projects.   You might also mulch around it with a few inches of shredded bark, because not only will this improve moisture-retention, but also it will help to delineate where it is, so as to avoid mowing it down by accident, which is a thing that happens to straggly roses.    Which direction does the house wall face?
Triple sheet of newspaper works well, too. Any mulch, really.  This year, pull your weeds as they appear, before they have a chance to flower and set seed.
A tomato is a tropical perennial vine. Unless it's killed by frost, it will keep growing and growing, basically forever, as long as the sunlight, water, and nutrients last.  In temperate zones with cold winters, gardeners are accustomed to seeing their tomato plants grow to maybe 6 feet high (if they do it right lol) over the course of a summer.  But in a greenhouse, all bets are off. Gardeners at Disney's Epcot have trained a single tomato vine into a room-filling tree. No special techniques here, just the vine continually growing and putting out new branches, and the gardeners deciding where to put them.  [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/WqjzP6w.jpg)
The chemicals that make lettuce taste bad to people are the same chemicals that make it taste bad to bugs and caterpillars. It's a defense mechanism on the part of the plant.
&gt;should i hold of on transferring the pods to a pot for now?  Pods? Aren't they individual seedlings?
For edibles, anything that you consume for its leaves--spinach, all kinds of greens, swiss chard, all the lettuces. Bear in mind that they'll grow more slowly than they would if they were in full sun, but the important thing is that they'll grow at all. Tomatoes or peppers would simply get leaves, but no flowers or fruit.  Root veg includes carrots, beets, turnips, radishes, etc.
Well, they're born pregnant, yanno.  A single aphid can repopulate the entire rose bush all by herself in a few days. It's not enough to do it "from time to time", ya gotta keep after it, or you'll never catch up. Daily is ideal.
**PART THE SECOND**  Now, it's time for reconnaissance. With the jungle, you couldn't see what you were doing. Hopefully some of it has been decimated so you can get in there and see. BTW, triclopyr is chemically similar to 2,4,5-T, which was one-half of Agent Orange. I give you permission to play "Ride of the Valkyries" while you do this.  Go around the house. You're looking for something: trunks. You want to locate every trunk and stem that's coming out of the ground. Think of it as looking for the Alien Queen's nest.  Don't cut them, just mark them on the soil with some kind of bright spray paint or something, so you can find them again easily. Don't paint the trunks because that's where the weedkiller is going to go, and you don't want to seal off any cells or bark. Spray the ground.   Be aware that many people get a rash from handling trumpet vine, so cover up for this. Especially watch your face, as the vines will whip around.  Once you have them all marked, you're going to move into Phase 2: The Shreddening (aka "Stem Injection Frilling or Hack-and-Squirt" but I like "The Shreddening" better). You want some undiluted concentrate in a squirt bottle, and some kind of sharp tool with which to shred, score, and otherwise rip up the bark on each and every stem and trunk that comes out of the ground.  I use an old serrated pruning saw to scratch the bark all up. A steak knife or old serrated bread knife works. Girdle the stem, too. Pour that good stuff all over the torn bark and cambium, getting it into the cuts.    On vigorous, mature plants, this works better than the cut-stump-and-paint technique, because when you cut the stump, the cells immediately begin to close it off, and there's a very short window of time for the stump to absorb the herbicide.  And besides, you're reserving that for Phase 3, should you need it.  Now, if you want to, to spare your collateral damage, you can skip Phase 1 with the hose-end sprayer, and go straight to The Shreddening. However, IME, with vines of this size and maturity, it's better if you soften it up first with some spraying, start getting those biochemical processes all fucked up. But if the idea of dousing your entire property with herbicide is disturbing, that's fine. It will just take longer this way.  So, you go around and administer weedkiller concentrate to the cuts, making sure to work quickly while the cuts are still fresh, before the cells have a chance to seal them off.  Then you wait another couple of weeks.  By this time you should be seeing major dieback, but you need to give it time to finish dying. You won't really know it's dead until it's summer 2018 (yes, that's not a typo, 2018, two years after the next presidential election) and it hasn't come back.  So when you see new branches coming out of a trunk (and AS SOON AS you see them, not "next weekend" or "pretty soon now" or "when we get back from vacation"), you do Phase 3: The Stumpening. You probably can't do Phase 2 again because it's all shredded to heck.   This is where you cut off the vine, snip it right off with loppers, pruners, or a pruning saw, and paint or squirt concentrate on the cut end of the stump, again, working quickly before the cells can seal it off. If you see some spots where another Shreddening would be productive, go for it.  Cut it off about 12" above the ground. This leaves you room to re-do The Stumpening an inch lower down, should you need to in the future.  If, at any time in this process, you see new shoots coming directly out of the ground, you can either spray them with a standard dose of the weedkiller from an ordinary ready-to-use sprayer (like the gallon size you can buy at Walmart, no need to get out the hose-end sprayer for a single shoot), or simply snip them off with the pruners. They are evidence of the plant's last stand. It's giving up on the existing top growth and is trying to reboot itself from the roots. Weedkiller will give it an additional dose of poison; snipping it off will simply remove its photosynthesis from the equation.   But whichever, do *something*. Don't be like, Oh, huh, there's another shoot.  Get *after* it, snip that motherfucker off with the kid's kindergarten Fiskars from the dining room table if nothing else.  So, this is your life until summer 2018. Eternal vigilance.  Health risks: Are cumulative. So every time you spray it with the hose-end sprayer, wear your complete hazmat outfit. Every time you spray it with the little sprayer, wear your goggles, face mask, and gloves. Every time you're mixing it or squirting it, wear gloves.    Triclopyr is not a likely human carcinogen.   http://npic.orst.edu/factsheets/triclotech.pdf  Glyphosate is not a likely human carcinogen.   http://www.epa.gov/iris/subst/0057.htm  The only herbicide-free way to remove this is by continually cutting it down.  Go around the house and cut off everything at ground level. Repeat every time you see any new growth--cut it off. With a Sleeping Beauty castle's worth of big, old trumpet vine like you have, this is going to take a long, long, long time.  That fucker has 20 to 30 years' worth of carbs stored, easily, and that's assuming that you're super-proactive in cutting off every shoot that you see as soon as you see it.  Herbicide makes it all so much quicker.
Ok, well, badgers then.
Just stack 2 or 3 of them up in front of the dirt. They don't need to be buried. Inertia and gravity will hold them in front of the dirt. Or you could use cinder blocks, bricks, whatever. It's not that big a slope and there's not that much dirt to hold back.  It's more to prevent soil from washing out endlessly than it is to hold back soil per se.
See if any of this rings a bell.   http://www.gardeningknowhow.com/ornamental/flowers/calla-lily/drooping-calla-lilies.htm
Cool. TIL.
Right, it prefers it warmer overall, it will sulk at cooler temps, and be killed by frost.
It looks nice and healthy, and blooming is a sign that it's happy, but YSK that "big" isn't necessarily a marker for "good" for African violets. It's got multiple crowns in the pot, and normally you grow them with a single crown per pot, which traditionally fits in a 4" plastic pot. If it was mine, I'd break it down and divide it.  You can pot up the auxiliary crowns and give them to people, or just have moar flowers.
The leaves emerge from rosettes. Ideally there's only one rosette per pot, but African violets are really good at growing extra plants out of the side of the main stem, which then creates its own rosette, or "crown".    You can find a crown by looking for the tiny baby leaves.
I'm not seeing a video link?
One is a cowbird egg. Like a cuckoo, same thing.
If you're in the U.S., technically you're supposed to allow Nature Red In Tooth And Claw to do its thing.   Brood parasitism is just another evolutionary strategy, and they have a valid place in the ecosystem.    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brood_parasite  It's natural to think, "Oh the poor baby bluebirds!" but actually the cowbirds don't always have it their own way.   First, the baby cowbird doesn't necessarily murder the rightful heirs. It out-competes them for food, with the biggest and loudest gaping mouth when the parents arrive with food, but if the baby bluebirds are big and strong, they get their fair share, and manage to fledge. So that can serve as selection for big and strong bluebirds.  In some bird species, the host parents will detect the alien egg and will either boost it over the side, or sometimes build an entirely new nest on top of it, thus walling it off in a dungeon. They then go on to lay a new clutch of eggs of their own on top of the dungeon.  Sometimes the host parents will catch the cowbird trying to lay her egg, and will attack her and drive her away.  Cowbirds followed the buffalo herds, eating insects kicked up by their hooves, and today they're found following cattle, performing the same service. One cowbird can eat a lot of bugs.
It has to be actual soap, not dish detergent, so castile soap, bar Ivory soap, like that.  Or use Safer's insecticidal soap.  You want it soapy enough that it makes bubbles when you swish. The homemade stuff you need to be sure to rinse off after an hour, because it can act as weedkiller and damage your plants.  You spray it liberally, making sure to hit every bug, because it's not intrinsically toxic, so the bugs have to be actually hit with it. The fatty acids of soap mess up their waxy cuticle coating.    So you basically soak the entire plant. Make sure to hit the leaf axils--the place where the leaf joins the stem. Bugs hide there. Pull the leaf down and shoot some soap in there.
Approach is the same as for Japanese beetles:  1. Battery-powered DustBuster.  Don't forget to empty the cup, because if they die in there, it's an unholy stink.  2. Handpicking and dumping into a coffee can of soapy water or kerosene. Or knock them off into the can with a stick.  3. Lightweight polyester floating row covers.
Were they ever red and orange?
What you have looks "tidy". It's not 5-foot-tall weeds, it doesn't look like it belongs to a meth dealer rental property. Prospective buyers don't care about "faded", they only care about "neglected", because that implies that the house, too, could be "neglected". Keep the grass in the flowerbed mowed, that's all.
Before anything else happens, you need two things.  1. You need to be sure it's okay with your landlord for you to plant flowers there. You need him to be on board with this because it's communal property, it belongs to the entire apartment complex. Is it going to cause friction if he already told someone else "no", and you simply start planting things?  2. You need to know how many hours of direct, unshaded, unfiltered sunlight the bed receives every day. Go out there and clock it. This determines what kind of flowers you can plant.
Yes, peppers can be more sensitive to heat stress. What are the other plants?  You're told not to let mulch touch the stem of large plants with woody trunks (trees, bushes) because the moisture can promote rot. But a pepper plant isn't a tree, and if you're having such problems with moisture retention that they're wilting, you need the soil to be covered more.  What kind of mulch is it?  An inch of mulch isn't enough, it's just cosmetic. Depending on what kind of mulch it is, you could go with 2 inches for dried grass clippings, 2 to 3 inches for shredded bark, or 4 inches for straw.
How to make chuck into taco meat:  Method 1: grind it up into what's popularly known as "hamburger", i.e. "ground chuck". Brown it in a skillet, pour off the extra grease, add your spices.  Method 2: braise it as for pot roast. Cool slightly, then shred. This actually gives you what I tend to think of as fajita meat, not taco meat, but it's one way of rendering chuck tender enough to put into a sandwich.   &gt;I read somewhere you marinate it in a ton of lime, pound it to death with a mallet and cook it at a high temp.   That's marinated chuck steak.  I suppose you could shred it and put it in a taco, but, again, I think of it as fajita meat.
They also come in on plants and flowers from the florist and from Walmart.  Strictly speaking, they aren't lesbians, they're parthenogenetic, which is a different thing.  Botanic nitpick. Lesbian is a sexual choice or preference, parthenogenesis is an evolutionary strategy.
Rabbits have highly seasonal and fluctuating diets, and whether they eat your garden veg depends on what else is growing in your neighborhood. Like people, they prefer the young and tender, but honestly, there's no telling what a rabbit is going to feel like eating today. I've seen them bypass the lettuce and go for, apparently, the weeds in the lawn.   So the only way you'd know if "strawberry leaves" are still on the menu is if they're actually being eaten.  Wild strawberries tend to have smaller and tougher leaves than domesticated.
Check with the extension office, google "[city or county] cooperative extension".
