Read the Darth Vader Marvel run that's going on right now.
Didn't Sr. shave his stache before a Brickyard one year?  I swear this happened.
I saw something kinda like this happen at a stop light. This lady backed directly into the truck behind her, obviously felt the impact, back up farther and then drove off when the light turned green.
Makes me think of the Animaniacs
Goddamn what is going on in San Fran?
Ooo. That sounds interesting
https://youtu.be/1fuHwZKXPFY
2020? Fine.
T-60b goddamn.
Didn't they originally say that FO3 had like 200 different endings?
The lowest you can go is 15%, right?
Gaoo Spurs Gaaaao
Who's the looks? Or the useless chick?
What if the new DLC just adds an 8 star wanted level?
Idk, it was a joke. A bad one at that
Oh wow,  I didn't even know that existed. I'm gonna finish preacher, Y and Secret Wars before I move on to anything new but I'll keep that in mind
I think once you hear that report you can track it on the mission select screen. It'll have "Intel"under the icon
You've Got Mel-anoma
You're right. Who says no to free high-speed pizza?
Did Bobo and Willie Martinez take over play-calling in the second half?  For one last middle finger to the fans?
We both know that's not happening.
Pac-12 Nerd
I'm just saying, get ready for a lot of 3rd and long screen passes that go for 2.
Bobo would have called a screen
YES
If that surprised you, I'd like to introduce you to UGA football.
Oh, mercer!  I see you
makes sense
yeah, I knew they didn't sell it but I'll check that out
Memphis' QB looks like Nick Kroll
Fuck yeah!  I don't know who that is!
At first I thought this was all stuff I'd seen on AVGN but you have things I didn't even know existed. Thanks
I've heard great stuff about his recruiting and the one thing UGA has always done well is recruit. As far as Pruitt he did a pretty good job with us but things turned sour towards the end of the year. It was better than Martinez or Grantham but that's not saying much.
&gt;but it does require a lot of discipline and organization  shit.
Blow
Any Jean Ralphio comment is appreciated.
We need a lot. I might be okay with drafting a qb :x
Did I just agree with yellow jacket?  Well, y'all are known for being geniuses so I can deal.
WE FINALLY HAVE A SPECIAL TEAMS COACH. BEAMER BALL IN ATHENS.
They did. We had a special teams coach by committee. Boy, that always never worked.
Yeah. Look at the NFL right now. There is top level UGA talent all over the place. If it wasn't for JJ Watt, Justin Houston would be the top defensive player. Plus, Gurley is the next best TB, AJ is a top 3 WR and Rashad Jones is top notch.
I didn't know that. Why did you tell me that?  You monster.
I'll take it. I don't know what it's like to have a special teams coach.
The media will try to combine Beamer's and Hershel's names together.
Bearschel Ball
You beat me to it.
Yeah. Lower Deck trading cards. Catch 'em!
Lawl
He took a year off this season too
Cavin plz
