I hope you didn't make your dog listen to the Red Wedding, poor thing.
Huh?  It doesn't, we're talking about a public park, not an off-leash dog park or an off-leash area.
I'm still a bit confused, he is referring to taking his dog off-leash at a public park, not an off-leash park or off-leash area...?
Sorry, now I feel bad :(, I'm sure your pup is great and I'd love to see a pic of them
That the Blair Witch Project or other found footage films could actually be real, just wouldn't happen anymore.
Yeah, I call it life.
People will notice how you act and respect it.  If she is passive aggressive or insults you, just be respectful but straight forward.  Stuff like   "I'm sorry you're upset with me, I still respect you and hope we can get along."  or  "Please don't put me down like that in front of the group.  Can't we all have fun like we used to?"  When people see you act respectful and kind to her aggression, she'll either stop or your friends will get sick of her.
It's hard to describe the layout of this machine.  It does have slots for holding an Olympic style bar as well as the 'Smith' bar.    Edit: Like this  [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0HdB1yh.jpg)
I don't know, the machine is designed to function in this way, edited the OP  [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0HdB1yh.jpg)  Yeah, it was dumb to lock the bar up above instead of finding a way to set it below.  I am used to this type of post in /Fitness though, judgement, putting people down, etc etc, thanks.
Absolutely...also, the OP notes that he diagnosed himself based on some online quizzes.  I don't think that is how this works...
You have a wife and 4 children.  You've already gotten dangerously close to an emotional affair...then you start texting the same person, AGAIN?!  Get a fucking grip dude.  Stop. Talking. To. Natalie.
You don't mention therapy anywhere in your post?  This is exactly the type of thing that therapy is there for.  It makes a huge difference, promise.
Yeah, it's still hard as hell, especially with the Alien Hunters DLC.  Once you get to a point in the game where you get Psy units or a really good squad, it gets a lot easier.  It's just getting up to that point that kills you.
Well, your old friend from high school approached you in a romantic manner...you rebuffed him and now he wants to meet for coffee to discuss the past?    If he just approached you wanting to catch up, that's one thing.  But it seems like he has a romantic interest.
This is something I wouldn't be very comfortable with either.  For some people, it can be tough when their SO is friends with people they used to have a relationship with or sleep with.  There really isn't anything you can do about it.  It's possible that he may become more comfortable as time goes on...but he may not.  Maybe if you could have a slight compromise?  Promise to never hang out with them one on one and only hang out with them in a group setting?  Just trying to think of options that could work for him while still allowing you to keep your friendships.  I don't think his feelings are irrational.  I think it's perfectly rational to feel uncomfortable being around ex lovers of current partners.  You should also note that you're the one looking for all the sacrifice.  That's not the 'adult' solution, that is you simply getting what you want and he, not.  Would you be ok if half a dozen of his close friends were women he used to date or sleep with?  Really think hard about that.  One more note, just because it didn't work out, doesn't mean some of these guys don't hold a flame for you still, especially if you were the one to end things with them.  Just because you feel that there is zero interest, doesn't mean it's the same from their perspective.  Good luck.
Is it fake troll post day?  At least write an interesting narrative.
This is one of those things that is fairly easily helped by a good therapist.  Meet wit someone, save your relationship and your sanity.
I'm guessing it has something to do with how that bikini ass pic looks.
It would be one thing if he had a bunch of partners and was pissed because she did as well.  He has had 3 partners and wanted someone with a similar background.  That's the difference.
"I shared extremely private secrets of two people and it blew up in my face, I'm irate!!!"
Yeah, absolutely do this.  It sounds like you live in a busy neighborhood so they won't even know it's you thankfully.  Enough complaints, hopefully they get kicked out or something...
I don't know if that is the reason you remember things better...most likely you're just better at remembering than a lot of people.  It's tough when people pick things up naturally and don't have to study.  I don't know how you will be able to make him feel better when he is studying and you're not, because you don't have to, especially if you're in the same classes/program.  The only thing I can say is that you shouldn't be in the same classes if this is a big issue for you two.
I mean, you're FWB but that doesn't mean you have the right to rub other dates in her face...and literally, give her an itemized list of why another girl is girlfriend material and she is not.  Jesus, did Patrick Bateman write this?
"Or if she could have married her mother."  What does that is mean, exactly?
*Checks Username*  Seems fitting.
Good luck, I'm sure he's great : )
"This leads to a conversation where I tell her that I'm mad because she's blaming me for missing something due to a thing I have no control over. I need support, not more pain. She tells me that I'm deflecting. I feel like all I'm doing is try to explain."  Regardless of who is gaslighting who or what is going on in your relationship, you have to be aware of how things that you have no control over still affect others, honestly.  We need a lot more examples of things that happen in your relationship before we can really give you any advice.  How many panic attacks do you have?  Are you medicated for them? Are you in therapy for them?  What causes them?  Have you always had them?  Did she used to be supportive but now is getting frustrated as it's not getting better?  What was she like to you before you were married?   It's just impossible to say without getting more information.
What a bummer...I'm sure she is going to be really sad about it.  She is obviously pretty lonely already (no birthday plans) and is probably excited to have someone to talk to who also has friends....but, it is what it is.  She doesn't have boundaries and has no social grace, what can you do about it?  It's going to hurt her regardless.  The easy way out is to just ghost but you might be able to help her a bit if you're straight forward (or at least feel ok about yourself).  Sorry, good luck.
Read her comments in the thread, it might give some more perspective on the situation.
I am a bit confused, could you elaborate a bit?  You guys both got drunk, ended up back at his place and then he started trying to fool around with you and you put a stop to it?  Can you give a bit more details?  This sounds unfortunate but not like it is completely out of line or anything.
Just a heads up, Reddit isn't very kind to religion, generally.  Anyway, I don't know what to say about this.  You married a Christian man and are surprised that he is pushing a traditional Christian agenda.  It sounds like, before you were married, he suppressed this a bit more because he knew you wouldn't put up with it.  Once you got married, he started letting his real self show a bit more.  Also, as to his appearance...while he may or may not be cheating on you, he's definitely re-evaluating himself and how he looks.    You married a Christian conservative man and are upset that he is acting like a Christian conservative man, I'm just not sure what to say about it.
"I am also afraid that Michael might use the title co-founder later back against me, to claim more shares or influence in the company if we indeed become large."  That is exactly what would happen.  Anyway, this isn't an r/relationships problem, this is something to talk to a lawyer about.  Personally, as someone who has some business interaction, he may have a leg to stand on if he took you to court later.  While you are paying him to help setup the company, that's not to say that he isn't performing tasks that he wasn't paid for (insight on business decisions, working odd hours to assist, providing input into the business plan).  If you don't have a detailed contract stating his work and what he is supposed to do for your company, he could say that you paid him for "x" when he ended up doing "x, y and z" which heavily contributed to the starting of the company and its success.
Hmm I see, does he tend to show a lot of emotion in general or is he a fairly calm and grounded person who doesn't get that emotional about anything?
There was JUST a post a week ago in /r/personalfinance from a guy who inherited his stock portfolio from his dad, valued at 325k of Intel stock.   He was worried about having all his eggs in one basket. Hopefully he got moving on that...
I posted that same info in the Intel post and got downvoted, no idea why.  Anyway, could be coincidence but probably not. If they had emails going back and forth with Amazon and Google, it was a known issue, probably at the highest levels.  It does seem weird that he would take that large of a risk though. Hard to say if it was innocent or a planned dump at this time.
and that is why you give them this pill, so their lack of ambition doesn't cost us several hundred billion a year.
I think it's totally fine. Build mills or take the economy hit and build a power plant or two.  I feel like that is a fun balance thing. If my stone production is a bit down, it's a lot to set it at a heavy cost for 160 power...or I need to find more areas for mills.  That's half the fun of this entire game. Calculating and difficult decisions. There is a reason they give you that pause button, because you need to consider carefully.
Hmmm, I'm not sure to be honest. I know if you destroy your upgrade buildings, you lose the ability to upgrade...I know if you can't pay your soldiers, they'll leave (or have their upkeep, like oil platforms).  I'm not sure about food and such. I think you probably can destroy them, just lose the ability to build anything further. I wouldn't get into that habit though as that is something they would almost certainly change down the road.
You see, I kind of disagree with this statement. At the heart of it, you are right. Upgraded buildings provide more resources.  That being said, land is free, if you're willing to take it. Your ROI and investment in 100 tents vs 30 stone houses is night and day. Not to mention when you throw in upkeep. Then you have less space for mills and all of a sudden you are taking -15/-15 resources from a power plant. That doesn't work well because your base is too small and you're not mining enough.  You can win with a smaller base, it's just going to be a lot harder. The money you're using to upgrade buildings is better used upgrading defense and preparing for the onslaught.   Scout your units, find good chokepoints that give you a lot of space, hold those chokepoints while you expand your town. Upgrade to stone walls asap and you're in a really good spot.  Have a smaller base and expand slowly and you're very likely to have a very long game that will end on day 93.  If space is not a concern, the cost for basic buildings is much much much cheaper than building upgrades. You should be looking at building upgrades as a negative in this game. You only upgrade when you don't have the space. It's not a benefit, it's a negative choice when there is no other space to build cheap buildings.
Absolutely, this was the hardest thing to understand about the game. The simple concept of space being #1 over everything, cheap buildings being the #1 best choice and pausing and being tactful are such shifts in thought for RTS.
This is bad, but not undoable. It's going to be UGLY though. You have wood, stone, food...but goddam you can't even get a second lumber mill up. Maybe you need to snake up and around the west Doom Town...fun challenge though!
That just made me rethink the size of those flames on those Lucifers lol.
Their boyfriends picking out their biggest insecurities and laughing about them?
You have to care a lot, basically (stitch individual shots together).
Yep, all the advanced buildings are strictly for when you have no space but desperately need more resources.
You have a few options here  1. Just complain lightly to management. They'll send a note to the cleaning crew and they'll deal with it (she could get fired or disciplined though).  2. Be blunt with her, she will be really annoyed and probably talk some trash with her coworkers about the stuckup lady working her fancy office job who is too good to talk to people.  Neither choice is fun.
Agreed, just think it was super zoomed in or a different skin, not a new zombie.
For sure, I don’t think I get too close to doom houses next to my base until I get ballista tech. Even if it costs more, the assistance they can provide defending against those doom house masses is pretty invaluable. Plus they help take them down faster and then you just scoop up all that sweet loot.
I got one for a free mayor bonus. Yes, they are a waste of money, but shit, they are fun to stomp around and kill with.
When I see someone holding up a sign stating "Save the forests, kill all homeless" on /r/idiots, I'll know who it i is, at least. That is one thing I can thank you for.
