It is honking with the big Yes printed on it. Lets be honest, you wouldn't see a britnat fly that flag anyways, just leave it as the Saltire.
Hurray!
Brilliant
You find that camera on the ceiling?   Only kidding, congratulations!
Did the Odyssey manage to take any out Dominion ships during that encounter?
I'm sure we seen one or 2 getting destroyed at the first battle of Chin'toka
[http://tng.trekcore.com/bluray/images/s3comp/tngs3-bluraypreview-313-3-hd.jpg]   Enterprise D from above in the atmosphere
Would loved to have found out more about The Husnock and the adventures of one lone Borg cube/sphere in the Gamma quadrant
I didn't see a single shadow trooper or helmetless stormtrooper.  This pleases me
For our friends across the Atlantic, I know UK and its devolved politics are be confusing for some    MP - Member of Parliament (UK parliament, Westminster, London)  MEP - Member of European Parliament (EU Parliament, Brussels)  MSP - Member of Scottish Parliament (Scottish Parliament, Holyrood, Edinburgh)  AM - Assembly Member (Welsh Parliament, Cardiff)  MLA - Member of the Legislative Assembly (Northern Ireland assembly, Belfast)
MP is also used for Military Police for the UK armed forces!
Think of it as an open day in the MP constituency they represent. (They usually use a public building such as a library, community hall, school etc..)   Basically once a month an MP will hold a surgery meaning members of the public can make an appointment to see them face to face to discuss matters they wish, it can be either a local grievance or a national grievance, that the MP could raise with Parliament
Oops. I'll put that down as a typo.
Being turned on offended you?
Fuck me, that is horrific news
Indeed
Words are pronounced differently all the time depending on where you are in the world. Even names  Craig being one prime example
What rules?
UK is in political meltdown at the moment.  PM resigned   Leader of the opposition just had a motion of no confidence from his party MPs   Sinn Fenn wanting NI to have a referendum on a United Ireland   Scottish First Minister making preparations for a Scottish independence referendum   Within an hour of the result Spain are already wanting to have discussion to have join sovereignty over Gibraltar     £ dropping like a stone on the market.   UK has lost £390 billion from the economy within 2 hours.   Plus it's painfully obvious the leave camp have made zero plans for a Brexit.  EU want to start exit negotiations straight away  UK couldn't be anymore divided at the moment.    It's not even been 12 hours since the result, I suspect we still have a lot more to come
Scotland already meets all of the EU regulations.
Technically speaking Scotland is a country.
Big difference between what's happening in Spain and Scotland.  For starters, Scotland is a country.
No they didn't
Being in the single market for one.  Norway has to pay the EU for access to the single market, accept freedom of movement etc...   All without having a seat at the table with zero influence.
The euro is not a requirement, and the Spanish Government has never said it would veto Scottish membership. No idea why this myth still goes around.
Someone like Boris? Very good.  I would imagine the Labour voters who put him into the position as leader care.  Sinn Fenn power share in Stormont  Scottish Government are already making plans to potentially hold a referendum.   With the UK out the EU, Spain can easily but a blockade on Gibraltar, Which would fuck the place over.   Starting. Still a long way off from yesterday.  I do, I'm going to suggesting you don't understand the political system.   Nobody from the Leave camp, nor any of it's backers (the one in Government and opposition parties)  provided any plans or policies in the event of a leave vote, just rhetoric
Shout out to the sperm that won the race
TNG DS9 ENT VOY TOS  If I had put them in order.
The line must be drawn here! This far, no farther!
He tried something similar here.  http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/scottish-news/tycoon-donald-trump-fences-off-home-1104665  Guess who ended up paying for it in the end? I'll give you a clue.  It was Trump
King of England.  You know there isn't such a thing? Unless you are planning of traveling back to the 1600s
Reminds me a lot like some of the station you'd find on the Glasgow Subway. Which ironically is nickname the Clockwork Orange due to its train being orange (plus it only has one line that goes in a circle)
What the Enterprise does in this episode is similar to what the Borg did in BOBW.  Only 1 ship, pretty much capable of wiping out the "enemy" here
They don't even have Nuclear weapons
One of the reason given that Scotland couldn't have a "special status" within the EU was down to the fact it would mean us and England would have an open border with different immigration polices.   No idea how it will work over there
It's amazing people still go on about this Spanish veto myth.   You'd think Scotland is the only country within Europe that the EU doesn't want as a member.
No... We haven't.   Lol
You liar.  No you didn't
24 hour Subway please
Have you fallen on your head?
&gt; They rejected outright the idea of Scotland joining the EU   No they didn't this is a myth.  Scotland leaving the UK would be entirely legal and constitutional.  Spain argues Catalonia independence would be unconstitutional, they don't see a border in Spain, Catalonia and the basque country are Spanish in their eyes, they have no legal means to declare independence from Spain.  You cannot compare Scotland with it. Chalk and cheese  EDIT: Quote from the Spanish foreign minister back in 2014  Spanish foreign minister José-Manuel García-Margallo was asked about Spain’s response to Scottish independence, and insisted that the two situations were “fundamentally different”. Pressed on the issue, he replied: “If Britain’s constitutional order allows – and it seems that it does allow – Scotland to choose independence, we have nothing to say about this.”
&gt;  Spain threatened to block Scottish access to the EU,  Again, they didn't.
They did not.  Of course it was from 2014, as that was when we had our referendum. That is when the question of the "Spanish veto" was discussed and quickly dismissed for the reasons I had given.
But we know it's not as simple as that.   Labour even used to say something similar during the Thatcher years
Be interesting to see how Murray votes, since he is technically a UK Labour MP, not a Scottish one
Is that the organisation who use creditable individuals such as Tom Gallagher and Jill Stephenson to speak for them?
See my edit regarding Michael Fallon comments to Parliament this afternoon.  I'm also assuming if you're going to test fire a dummy trident missle towards the west coast of Africa, you'd need to inform a lot of nations of this, Just in case there is a mix up.
Just watching a DUP spokesman on the BBC, he sounded pretty pleased the devolved parliaments won't get a say on the basis "We are British"
So when is it relevant?
The Scottish government did, It argued before the referendum that all 4 nations would have to vote in favour to leave in order for the UK as a whole to leave the EU , not allowing one nation to get the decided simply based on its population size   Especially as we had been constantly reminded the UK is a "partnership of equals"   UK government rejected the proposal.   Bet Cameron regrets that one
