Iowa 6. Penn State 4. Set college football back ten years.
BB reunion?
Penn State defense got the 120th worst starting field position per drive they faced in 2014. Ending avg drive was 7th in FBS.
Sept 11, 1999. LaVar Arrington blocks a 52 yard Pitt field goal that would have given them an upset win in a year Penn State was expected to do very well.
"I didn't know Jadeveon's car that could go that fast. He doesn't have a pretty car like those FSU guys used to drive." - Steve Spurrier
Great picture! But first full stadium White Out was Notre Dame 2007.
If there's a background story there, I don't know it. Have any insight?
Should be the right [clip](https://youtu.be/MV_1xZTA4yg)
My two favorite teams. Excellent.
It's a short season, like the original Walking Dead season 1 and it will run right into the premiere of the original.
[Well then](https://vine.co/v/ed52iWhtKvM)
And wouldn't hold up to a first year law student's criticism in court.
"immovable position" - someone who hated Penn State before
You do realize the NCAA totally buckled and settled out of court when the State of Pennsylvania was going to sue them because of what hot trash the Freeh report is. The NCAA was about to get their collective asses handed to them.
Bust that took national champion Ohio State (edit: last year) to 2 OT behind a paper bag for an offensive line and reduced scholarships.
A program hit with scholarship reducing sanctions?
He's going to Oklahoma.
FYI, all the NHL games radio feeds are available for free on the NHL app. You just have to register your email.
He did pull himself out of a game.
And a top RB recruit coming in.
Yes, I'm sure those would be addressed with a renovation. Right now there is a big company hired to look over all aspects of facilities for Beaver Stadium, the Jordan center and Rec Hall. They'll make recommendations after their review.
Dealers do this all the time with "demo"  cars. The manager or his wife or a local college coach or nfl player drives a car and talks up the dealership. The car is never "sold" and still is on a MSO (Manufacturers Statement of Origin) and has never been titled so it's technically still a "new" car. The buyers have to be made aware of this as well.
Maybe he thinks our offense will be bad and he'll get lots of chances to kick long field goals...
He's announcing that he's running for mayor of DC!
He's doing Flying Elbow Drops in Heaven.
Didn't they catch it at a pretty good time? I thought he was working out to rehab his injury and felt questionable.
Did you see the Katy Perry halftime show last year?
The 06-07 series was pretty good.
That's the kind of hate I'm looking for.
Gold Medalist Chris Kunitz.
Bethel Park?
And then Sid pockets the OT goal in that game, IIRC.
He "has a small penis" in one episode of How I Met Your Mother though, so it's not like he has a perfect life.
I really like the fact that the schedule is so Division-heavy late in the season. This time zone thing is resultant of that. Philly, NYR, NYI, Washington, Carolina, New Jersey, and Columbus are all Eastern Time Zone Teams.
That's a great point.
Noter Dame.
IT'S VERY NICE THAT METALLICA WILL BE IN ATTENDANCE TONIGHT TO PLAY CREEPING DEATH ABOUT THE SHARKS STANLEY CUP HOPES.
They are those same bracelets that got thrown on the ice in Philadelphia. They're insanely cool. They have an infrared receiver and are programmable by section for awesome light shows.
Jesus Christ, dude. Don't say his name. That's how they find you. Didn't you read anything?
All 3 of the Penguins Cup wins have come on the road. Now they'll have their opportunity to win at home. Unreal.     Also Doc waiting until the bitter end to sneak in the obligatory Pirates reference. Man is a damn treasure.
You should do some genealogy research.
Twice.   Maybe they can win 4-1 tonight.
Radio interviews I've heard with WVUs coach have said that WVU was willing to extend, but Pitt's AD at the time was not. Now that Pitt has a much more competent AD, I think they're both more open to extending the series past the currently scheduled games.
Ahem, 3 time Stanley Cup Champion, Olympic Gold medal winning Chris Kunitz.
I have Gamecenter and you can select the French Canadian feed for Montreal, for example. Would be great if you could get these guys.
Dick Tarnstrom
Tom Bradley's single win as a head coach, which was one of the vacated wins for a while, if I'm not mistaken.
There was a phenomenal MS Paint Monday drawing of this that I was SURE was saved on my phone, but no luck. It said "Oh God, the ball!"
Hey, hey, there's no need for that. Each of those players brought a critical skill set that allowed them to beat ~~Russia~~ Iceland in their second game after getting killed by ~~Russia~~ Iceland in ~~Madison Square Garden~~ their first loss of the Junior Goodwill games.
Iowa 6, Penn State 4.   Iowa allowed an intentional safety.    That game set college football back 10 years.
