Dying to know about your experience of this "church"!
Wait, what ? Why? What is the connection between drugs and restaurants?
Flower of Scotland -- Scotland
Canada -- Fireworks, Tagically Hip  If there's a goal that everyone remembers,  It was back in ol' 72  We all squeezed the stick and we all pulled the trigger   And all I remember was sitting beside you   You said you didn't give a fuck about hockey   And I never saw someone say that before
Australia -- Waltzing Matilda
YOU CAN'T JUST SAY THAT AND LEAVE IT!! WHAT HAPPENED??
You had to get up at 4:30am? Blimey! Why? I know you said the commute was two hours, but if your school starts at 9am like most do, and your commute meant you had to leave at 7am... that's still 2.5 hours unaccounted for. Did you have early morning sports or some thing? Ice time and pool time can be scheduled pretty early I know, was that it?
What, really? You were asleep at the wheel *lucid dreaming*?
Wasn't this the kids show replete with drug references? Didn't the makers also come up with a series called Liddsville which was even worse? And lastly if I have the right series, didn't the main character  who was only 12-15 when it was being shot, didn't eh age REALLY poorly and die at the age of 50 or so due to all the drugs?  Edit: Jack Wild was  16 and 17 when he shot the series, although he played an 11-12 year old; also it was mouth cancer that killed him, which he maintained was the result of the alcoholism that plagued him from his teens. Aged terribly, and not just because of the cancer.
Apparently Gene Simmons holds the copyright on the term OJ for orange juice, simply because no one had copyrighted if before he thought of it.
got turnt with milk?
"Proof" in this context means the test of something. The test of the pudding is in the eating ( which is the rest of the expression) meaning, whether it tastes good. Put it another way: the only way you can tell if a thing is good is by partaking of it and finding out.
The bloke who stabbed you leg might have been going for your femoral artery. If he'd hit you would have bled out rapidly.
FYI you responded to different person than the OP; am pretty sure the OP is just trying to get a rise out of you anyhow.
You got it! No actual cats involved.
What, would he be able to give lessons in pussy-licking? Awesome! Always knew Jesus was my favorite hebe.
Nike?
Oh, gotcha.
Word
So you're saying cocksucking *is* a rarity in your world? Perhaps if you were to lead the way to oral pleasure your fortunes would change.
Women of reddit who like to give blowjobs: there's been a lot of talk about the power you feel while doing it /from doing it; do you feel any actual *physical* pleasure from it?
So it's both a mental thing (the joy it gives *him*) and a physical thing ( it makes you wet) okey doke.
Oh, ok, makes much more sense.
Wasn't he still married to his first wife then?
Psst: ovaries *aren't* in vaginas. Look above the vagina (birth canal), above the cervix, and to one side of the uterus and there they are!
That's true of you and almost everyone else.
Ok what's the joke I'm not getting?
There's a Hanukkah bear?
He might have been thinking to himself if that wretched conflict dragged on even longer, his adorable elementary school aged son would eventually been fed into the maw. You were 12 when it ended... Another 6 years of that quagmire and  he might have been right.
Why? Why did she tell you this?
Not sure if you're kidding.
What the hell is he talking about?
Pain?  Suffering? What HAPPENED?
"Meet celebrities"? So there's even *more* to this story?   Also how long ago was this? Were your parents looking for you? Did you ever reconcile with them, or let them know you're ok?
What, young men could go off to war at 17 with parent's permission? Jee-suz!
Is this a thing for parents to lie about now? Why?
Sorry if this is a dumb question, but where are these guys getting the money for blow? It sounds like a shitty job (no offence) Were they paid well? Also milking the clock for OT sounds like an ideal way of getting back at an employer you don't like  so yay them.
SEVEN trees? Are they all themed? Pic plz!
Yay you!
30? This shit goes back to the 60s, so more like 50.
What money? What fame?
There never will be, statute of limitations.
Care to elaborate?
Courtney Love talking about her sobriety while wasted at the 2012 comedy roast for Pamela Andersen http://youtu.be/_lEcEXcrALc  At 1.20 she slurs she's been "clean and sober for a year" and at 6.10 Jimmy Kimmel actually says in response to the same claim "I hope that's not true; if this is what you're like when your sober you've got problems."  See also Jenna Jameson's interview about her sobriety when she was clearly wasted and Anna Nicole Smith doing the same thing.
E ...    (Don't know why I just did that.)
What is this from. Goodfellas?
What is a growler?
What causes or doesn't cause autism.
They cuffed the victim? Jesus, does sexual assault have a zero tolerance policy now?
Wait, why? What is their objection to 911?
