what watts do u vape on?
this is well detailed and easy to understand, thanks!  btw will my lantency on online games such as csgo,wow  go from 20ms to 300?
its red horse
where did u get this ?
One way to track down gold spammers, When we get those surveys, make sure it tracks our blocklist.. So the high amount of names being block = gold spammer, ezpz
what rank do i need for that?
clicking client doesnt do anything, also do u know whats the required ms?
irrelevant
irrelevant
The division.. hyppee!
lv 43 vs 28  dafckk
summoners were a pain but i figure out how i can beat them,  just purep ressure on the player not cat..  make sure to Q . E aloooot...  if ur up close to them, its an ez win..  spam tab as gap closer..
havent been on ecr lately, did u guys announce the flavor for Mr. E?  my guess was pixie candy powder
Nikita  Chuck
got the code! ty, is there anyway we can predownload
too bad this game is click to win =[
is there any guild wars?
is there any stream now? its 28th for me
if u read the damn Post, im asking how will classes be balance when the new patch is up ( lv 50) -.-
u need to download wtfast, and run division through there..   its a common issue. and the only fix we have for now is that u use WTFAST
found a fix, once im ingame ( character login ) i exit out of wtfast.. seems like the vpn was the problem
did we get any patch?
can u share this :)?
never heard this site, did anyone else buy from this site?
ur tl:dr has about the same words and numbers of sentence in your op.. Lol
ToS
is it better to have both leads in the same top holes for 1 coil, and the other coil both in the bottom holes?
im looking for a simplier UI addon, sort of like WoW-Bartender  i just want to tweak the placement of health bars also show my cd's ( like omnicc in WoW )
so any weapon set u listen above works well ? or does one over power the rest in terms of DD/survivability
Is there any major advantage of going dark elf? i really like AD ( not ep sry i got mix up with the two lol ) cuz  i hear they have alot of pvp guilds, and a populated pvp community or is EP currently the most populated community for pvp? Dark elf or high elf?  also for weapons, is staff best for leveling? then level s+shield at max level for pvp?
Daddys milk b-x vapor.. yummmmyy
so im not destroying my gpu? the sound of the fan seems like its about to come right off the case lol
can it handle long term play? 3-8hours non stop, or should i take a few breaks ( shutting down game, letting it cool  )
Dungeon fighter for monk
isnt velocity a dual coil rda?? how does she vape single coil?
for that nb, what race do u recommend goin as ?
which is more optimal for high dmg, and fast kills? 2h or dw
REKT
I would like to get Mad max
WHat rank are u ;)?
currently 50% discount atm!.. if u wana buy through official.. but g2a has it for $20 iirc   also, game is evolving...  zenimax does weekly q/a for community, and every 3 months we get new dlc/content:D  they stated we'll get housing,and capes !
publisher for western is aeria games GG
gw2 hss no mounts,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So0PD_BfXLk
theres no momthly pay, once u buy it.
might buy the xm300, looks good. But hows the life span on it? ( have you hear any clicking issues,etc )
whats the difference between an unwrap battery, and a wrap battery??
what mouse would u recommend me, price range under $50, but feel free to include some really worth spending mice
im worried how the server system based are.. since i heard you can play on custom mades ( like cs custom srevers, surf maps,etc )  will we be able to use 1 character for any servers?
its new, straight from the guys coil case
