Well, I've not followed what other companies are offering, but in the past I found Feral more or less best value. Could you give some competitors that you think are better value?  Note that Feral have not enforced bandwidth limits for ages., except for http and transmission traffic.
An adapter is fine, but make sure you get one that is stable- you could always just run it off an extension lead.  I don't know about NZ, but here in the UK Feliways have just come out with a more stable design; of course that means we had to buy a new one as the refills only fit the new diffusers....
Do you live in Newcastle?
This post is brilliant, but will make no sense to anyone who's not been following a recent mad person who keeps posting this.  https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/3z4w8q/uk_ppl_am_i_ugly_like_this_going_outdoors/
It's safe, but the tl;dr is most people suggest using an old version, 2.2.1 which you can get from filehippo or oldapps.
Franks but not French?
Mind you- your first sentence says it. There are lots of good providers. It should be a market where if you are unhappy, you were unlucky- most customers of most providers are very satisfied.  I have found whatbox, bytesized and feral the three most recommended, and all have a staff presence in this sub for extra support.  If you are unable to admin a dedicated yourself, don't get one to start off with. Go managed with one of the many good providers.
Have you watched NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS New Orleans?
It so much depends on the winter we get. It IS going to get colder though.  If you haven't been to Snowdonia though, it is lovely for all sorts of reasons.  If you can bear other people, I recommend joining a walking/ climbing club because everyone shares car rides and there's no disadvantage, therefore, to have no car.  As you say, any larger area is far more accessible with a car. Snowdonia is compact, for example, compared to the Lakes, but it has several micro-climates- with a car you can decide when you get up in the morning where you are going.
Oh I know! Richer Sounds has a really good set of customer policies. For example, they do an extended guarantee service that if you do not use, you can get a refund of your premium at the end of the 5 year (or whatever) period. It's worth asking them.
Gosh! The wheel of fortune has turned in your favour big time!
Yeah, do it when you move in. The supply will stay on anyway. Without the meter readings your contract cannot start. And before you are in it's not you using the power.  Basically- the people moving out will give a reading as they leave- you give one as you arrive- the energy company sees they are the same and go from there.
Bad breath.
Flaki FTW!
Similarity with the NCIS "original" episode is disappointing if you watch both together.
Actually, for it to be an offence, doesn't one have to bully some's real ID, not an alias/ username?
Are you a tourist, or working, or living?  The centre is nice, Clifton is nice.  Try https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/  and https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/comments/1se191/comprehensive_list_of_things_everyone_should_do/
Ring up schools / LEAs advertising vacancies that interest you?
When you say "literally".....  It doesn't bear thinking about.
with a chute.
Anyone driven incredibly fast on an autobahn in Germany?
So what you do is disable the VPN and the torrent client, then access all the non-VPN trackers/ sites together and then log out and (re-)enable your VPN / restart your torrents for actual torrenting, is that right?
Phone trading standards of your local council and also maybe Environmental Health and ask the latter if they have heard of him.  At least you have telephone numbers- even if they are fake, there may be a record of them being associated with a scammer.
1) Do you have it in writing about service history? E.g. was the car advertised as such?  2) are you planning to keep the car a while?  a) if not, it's bad because you won't be able to prove it's been properly serviced.  b) if yes, you are keeping the car for a while, it may not matter, and it may be good the other way. In the sense that the mechanic was servicing his own car and would have given it plenty of TLC.  Estimate how old the car will be when you sell it in the future. Look up roughly how much it will fetch at that point. Depending on how much that is, presence or lack of a service history may matter.  If it ends up being an old trade-in, it's not going to matter. If say, the current cost is £10k and you want to have £4k-6k when you trade it in, I'd be more concerned.  3) When you say dealer, do you mean a main Peugeot dealer or just any car sales place? All main dealer used cars will have been inspected and approved, in theory.
OK- this makes sense.   Sita is a company that does a lot of rubbish collection, waste management and resource management for councils. Sita Trust is their charities bit, I think. Hence managing a community resource.  It kinda suggests they are managing this area for the council.  I don't know whether it's by-laws or just arbitrary on Sita's part.  Whether dog mess is an actual problem or or whether some  busybody has complained.  Either way, I think you probably need to ask the council, unless you are intending just to ignore it.
Glad they bothered to reply straight away and that you might get a bit of clarity.
AFAIK every tracker has naming conventions in its uploading rules.  They usually say to keep scene names.  In this case you'd recheck the files against a scene torrent. If it checks out you could reproduce the scene name.  Generally, where you don't know the file provenance, then you can name it anything logical.  I know you like ScienceHD and I remember having issues with their naming scheme being individual to them.
OP, are you making a joke here?
Most councils have a procedure. You can ring up and complain, though I don't know how efficiently they will come out in response.   I have found binmen are generally under orders to be really strict about what gets taken and what not. E.g. leave an empty plastic bag in the garden waste by accident and they do not empty the bin.  Bagged waste means they opened it and saw or claim they saw, waste in a bag. As your first answer says, could someone have fly-tipped into your bin?
Quick google says:  http://www.cupcakesyumyum.com/deliveries.html locally based.  https://www.bettys.co.uk/customer-service/delivery came up on Page 1 of search also- a Yorkshire institution.
Can't think of any Italian comedians working on British TV.  John Peter Sloan is, AFAIK, unknown in Britain.  First famous Italian working in Britain that comes to mind is of course Claudio Ranieri.  There are plenty of Italians well known because their work extends to making TV programmes about their work.  E.g. TV chefs like Antonio Carluccio. Musicians like Antonio Pappano (music director of our main opera house). Loads of people in football.  EDIT: as /u/danltn says, there are a load of British-Italians here  i.e. people who sound British or are actually British of Italian descent. Of danltn's list, Frankie Dettori really sounds Italian, most of the others don't and I didn't even realise Ken Stott and Tamzin Outhwaite were of Italian descent.
Wow!  That's got you surprisingly worked up.
Fantastic example! I just thought of all those Jewish film people in Hollywood e.g.  Allan Stewart Konigsberg = Woody Allen  Neta-Lee Hershlag = Natalie Portman  Winona Laura Horowitz = Winona Ryder.
Yeah, it is themselves the banks are protecting- so the government does not uncover criminals and later on it looks like the banks have been negligent.  Also- it is not about YOU as the non-rich person having your own money. it is about other people, the bad guys, using you to launder THEIR money. Having to prove address makes it harder for someone to roll up and use an "innocent front guy" to launder the money. Because the "innocent" guy is easier to pin and down and question if they have a stable address.
Yes, the City Of London itself is certainly unique- very few residents, empty at weekends, big tall buildings, so much money in the companies.
Your first answer is right, but bear in mind one point.  Tax does not now transfer from one keeper to the next.   To avoid paying twice for the month you are transferring ownership, declare SORN (see DVLA pages) for a day or two at the end of the month and have your sister tax it from the 1st of the next.  Two useful links:  http://www.moneysupermarket.com/car-insurance/blog/remember-you-cant-transfer-road-tax-when-you-buy-or-sell-your-car/  https://www.moneyadviceservice.org.uk/blog/car-tax-timing-it-right-reminders-and-biscuits-your-reaction-to-the-end-of-the-paper-tax-disc
Yeah, it's everywhere.  Sometimes it's just called cider vinegar, but cider is made from apples, so....
Ask a climbing club.
Yup, just looked up and average age for first marriage is 32.  Wikipedia says 33 for men, 30 for women.
I've seen lots of filters; library ones are often the most aggressive, but they can legit say library computers are just there for research and stuff.
What are you paying for what size of property?  What kind of heating is it?
Paid VPN or private trackers.  Have a search here- this question is asked every few hours.
We're lucky he got so much help just for being drunk.
Well - ELI5 is:  FPTP- one who gets most votes wins. Each race is separate, like a horse or athletics race.  Proportional Representation- it's like a cake. More votes= bigger slice of the cake. BUT, your vote is not just for one person, it's for a pool of people / a party- a lot of "races" are lumped together in the cake and so there are lots of winners.  There are LOTS of different systems of PR, from where you have 2nd, 3rd preferences and so on if your top choice is 'knocked out' to a straight system where you vote for no individual, just a party.  People hate on FPTP because you can get loads of votes for a party nationally but very few MPs, and vice versa, just with a relatively small % of the vote you can get lots of MPs. If you live in a safe seat, it's like your vote is 'wasted.'  People hate on PR because the connection between your vote and the PERSON you vote for to represent you is weaker. And because it HAS to be more complicated than FPTP. As we've seen specifically when people have been giving tribute to Jo Cox MP, but also when MPs are discussed in general, MPs are important local representatives and people who help their constituents with individual problems, not just members of a party nationally.  When there was a referendum (!) recently about whether to change FPTP to PR, FPTP won. Few actually were bothered to vote though.
DLR is a train!!
Hence "online" is polling higher for leave than "phone" - because you have to tell those reasons to a person?
Foreign exchange sales have been high.  People have feared a Brexit vote will cause sterling to fall.  So they've hedged and bought holiday money in advance.  A Remain vote might well cause sterling to rise.  So in that case waiting would be better.  A lot of people saved X amount as spending money though. So losing some % through sterling falling would be more significant than gaining some % through sterling rising. For them, it's clearly better to buy now.
Irish eyes are winking now.
I can't think of any, but free movement of people does not please everybody.  The EU also levies some taxes, some of which return as rebate and for development and cultural projects. I guess that's law.
tl;dr makes no real difference. You can block anyone, but as soon as you've seeded out a piece, you can't block all the other people seeding that piece.  So- Even if you could, would it not just be the case that the current first snatcher will snatch it from the new first snatcher(s)?   The disproportion between seedboxes and domestic connections is big. If you upload, you will only be guaranteed that first snatch in ratio.  On private tracker torrents with a slow initial uploader, you see a load of seedboxes inching towards 100%. It will still be they that share with one another and then grab most of the upload afterwards.
