Yep.  He will end up being the voice in Rey's ear in the next two films. And at some point Luke will get to see him with Obi, Yoda, and Anakin in all his ghostly splendor.  And probably will see him say goodbye to Chewie at some point.
Wire transfers can be somewhat expensive ($15+) to initiate and you probably don't have the persons ABA and DDA with only their CC and Debit cards.  Would need that info to do a wire transfer.
Yeah, this would have been an i-Phone that we pre-siri.  Also the battery was dead and I didn't have a charging cable handy so couldn't do anything with it.
No clue on the Mechanical side.  Know one mechanical engineer but he works for Olympus back in Japan :) You might be able to check glassdoor to figure out the likely salaries in your area (spatial and discipline).
Yep, heard him say that in person.  He doesn't feel he owes the fans shit with respect to unwritten books.  Something about having it in his will that no one would be allowed to finish it for him.   This was right as the first season was filming for the TV series and he mentioned that the deal with HBO required him to divulge the overall plot so the TV show could end without him.
Do you mean connect or do you mean pair?  Generally they prevent you from pairing while the car is moving as they fear you are driving and aren't paying attention to the road while doing the pairing.  If you mean actually connecting a paired device, probably what you are seeing is that the car stopped trying to connect to the phone after a bit.  So if you get in the car, start driving, and then turn on bluetooth on your phone, the car has already given up.  Sometimes they will periodically check for a connection say every five minutes or so.  In essence the car sends out a broadcast saying I am here and ready for you to connect to.  The phone sees that broadcast and says I am paired with that guy, I should connect.  If the car has given up it stops broadcasting it is there so the phone doesn't know to try and connect.
I have seen cancelled checks that look like that.  I suspect someone ran the bill through whatever machine they used to use to cancel checks.  Just a guess.
Empire by Orson Scott Card took a really hard turn very early in the book that was very disconcerting.  Pretty good book though.
Nice, the process in reverse :)
Similar rule was in place.  However they could refuse you entry to the dorm for any reason.  So either you let them search it or you don't go in.
Hitting on someone they work with.
And the orientation of the receiver.
Highlander 2;  Eye of the Beholder
No idea, but assuming you mean Las Vegas you might want to edit the title :)
Had to look it up.  The batter can switch after each pitch.  The pitcher must stick with whatever arm he uses for the first pitch to a batter until that batter is retired.  I think there is an exception if he injures that arm and has to switch during an at bat, but then the pitcher has to stick with whichever hand he switched to.  Seems a little unfair to the pitcher.
Don't think you had a choice when it first came out.  Sounds like you do now.
He should probably take care of the $1500 in collections and the $1700 for the attorney before the credit cards. He doesn't mention how much he is spending on gas, entertainment, etc...  The $360 car payment and $120 insurance seems a bit high with that salary but even if he could half that by getting a cheaper/cheaper to insure car it wouldn't make a huge difference.
Don't have to look closer.  It was clear you were referring to shooting people the first time I read it.  Really didn't want to dignify that part of your statement with a response as it was pretty clearly trolling :)
So pictures of their husbands are out too...
Some truth to that but you also have to figure in all the arms/armament/food/etc... That was coming from the US as well as it's intelligence assets.    Saw a saying at one point that went along the lines of  The English gave x, the US gave y, and the Russians gave blood.  Wish I could remember the phrase or at least what x and y were 😀
Friend bought a Ford Probe in 1993 or so.  Installed a car alarm with a pager in it.  So essentially this has been around for quite a while.
Be very careful when you say stored procedures will prevent sql injection.  If done correctly they can.  But they can be done badly enough they fix nothing.    Easiest way to break one is to have one parameter to the stored procedure.  Name that parameter WhereClause.  Build the where clause dynamically and put that string in the WhereClause parameter.  You now have a broken stored procedure.    Use parameterized queries to prevent the issue.  Don't rely on sanitized inputs.   You can still use stored procedures just make sure you treat them like parameterized queries.
It also covers the Command Module Pilot training with the Al Baz(sp?) guy by flying over Hawaiian volcanic craters.  That is why I made the wording a bit vague :)
It is a little confusing, but is easy once you understand it.  Basically think of it this way.  Say you are in a situation where you will be taxed 10% of the first $10 you earned, 15% of the second $10 you earned, and 20% of the third $30 you earned.  Say you earned exactly $30.  You would owe $1 + $1.50 + $2 in taxes or $4.50 of the $30 you earned.   Easy enough right?   Well the chart they list is the same thing, except they are making it so you don't have to calculate the percentages of the first two brackets yourself.  In this case you would see $30 = $2.50 + 20% of income over $20.  So just makes it much quicker to figure out.   What most people screw up is the take the amount and then multiply the percentage for their bracket against their entire income.  You just take that percentage times the amount of your income minus the starting amount for that bracket and then add the amount listed.  I have talked to so many intelligent people that say stupid things like "I don't want to earn anymore because it will put me in the next tax bracket and that will end up costing me more".   This can only be true if you are getting some sort of low income credit or something and even then I am not sure it would apply.
Haven't seen that one.  Will have to check it out.
You type pretty well for a dead guy.  So how was the funeral otherwise?
Me too.  Thought he was going to be nothing but a blur heading out the window.
I can't even remember whether he made her top 10 list.  Obviously she doesn't know about him tossing Bran out the window.
So we had the red wedding.  Now we have the green trial?
And still no Ghost.  Is Ghost off on a vision quest in the woods or something?
Have a lot of books that no one would ever touch but you?  Put them in the pages of the least interesting.  Have a jacket no one including you would ever wear?  Put it in the pocket. Use a magnet to pin it to the back of the fridge if there is a spot that isn't near the coil that a magnet will stick to. Pick up one of those fake can safes. Have curtain rods that are hollow?  Roll it up and put it in there.   Just figure out the dumbest places someone might consider hiding money and do that.
He has sort of a sermon in the first comic to be fair.  Basically curses everyone out from the pulpit.
So it is always brothers and sisters if you are speaking of someones siblings that you don't know the specifics of?  As in "Do you have brothers and sisters?" instead of "Do you have siblings?".  Do you have words for parents, and grandparents?    I think the only one we don't have collective/generic versions for would be aunts and uncles.
OK, explain exactly how you practice this?    Other than say, practicing an actual inbound play from backcourt?  Cause that is exactly how they set up.  No difference other than the in bounder and the person she threw it to running the wrong way.
And you can show an example of Cal benching a player for flopping like Pitino did to Chris Jones for his inexcusable flop I expect?
Did they ever upgrade the air raid siren speaker monstrosity?  Has to be the most hideous "score board" contraption in existence.
They were one of the most profitable programs when they were still at Freedom Hall!  We have been at the top of those rankings for a long time.
How many billionaire businessmen are in his cabinet again?
Robin Hobb  Anne McCaffrey  Margaret Weiss  Ursula K. Le Guin  Anne Rice
He probably had Pence agree to pardon him for anything/everything before he would add him to the ticket.
Except a password cracking program would have been unlikely to guess his password.  As password cracking programs are generally cracking against hashed password files, and they didn't have the hashed passwords.    Additionally if the password were being guessed, he would have seen multiple password failure messages showing up in his inbox which would have let them know someone was trying to guess the password.
And it sounds like even Trump is not arguing the connection after his briefing.  The last I saw he only disputed it effected the results and not who was behind t.
Referring to the misinformation and other fake news stories.  Hillary on death's door.  Thry rigged the primaries.  Hillary is coming for your guns.  Hillary means war with Russia.   etc...
And that just won't happen.  Based on the "ratings" of the conclusions of the CIA, FBI, and NSA (High, High, and Moderate respectively) it suggests that human intel is probably their strongest source.  And there is no way they will publish anything that could risk a human asset over this.  If the NSA is the only moderate that means they probably weren't the source of the info, meaning it is less likely signal intelligence than human intelligence.
You didn't read the part of the report about Russia paying Trolls to push fake stories about Hillary?  Her illness, etc...
Actually they will probably have cameras in the interior, and will be monitored in exceptional circumstances by a center somewhere.  Car says "No one will exit the vehicle, please advise" to the center.  Someone pops up the video and says, uh oh, the person is passed out.  Car, take the person to the hospital.  Then it would tell the hospital the car was incoming.
MASH
When did I say it would forcefully keep its occupant in the car?    The scenario was a passed out individual being taken to the hospital because they were not conscious.  Hard for them to try and leave a car when they are out cold.    They wake up and want out?  Car would obviously let them.
Yep.
That is good news.  The old board didn't seem to have UofL's best interest at heart.
