I've checked the logs, and we're attacking Four Island. Adjust fuel accordingly if needbe.
Rayman Origins please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Don't Starve please, thanks for the giveaway :)  Received Rocket League and Lethal League from my secret santa this x-mas :)
Doodle God please, thanks for the giveaway :)  A husband and wife go to a restaurant. The waiter approaches the table to take their order.  "I'll have your biggest, juiciest steak," says the husband.  "But sir, what about the mad cow?" asks the waiter.  "Oh," says the husband, "she'll order for herself."
Thanks for the giveaway, and happy birthday  :)
987, thanks for the giveaway :)
Sanctum: Collection please, 21, thanks for the giveaway :)
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Thank you so much, happy holidays :)
Happy birthday :)
[Somewhat related](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpCgqWiTGpo)
Psychonauts is a buck on Steam right now. Amazing game.
I noticed you don't have the Stanley Parable, it's on sale for about 5 bucks if you want to try that out!
No problem, let me know what you think of it :)
Create a scavenger hunt of finding the most obscure things on the internet. Some things could be a little easier (for example, finding 10 Steam Accounts that still own Air Control), although you can also force them to try and find obscure facts or other obscure things (for example, try and find a $9.00 half-eaten candy bar on ebay, guess screenshots of obscure movies, or perhaps force them to watch hour long videos in order to answer questions about certain details). Again, the possibilities are endless!
GRID please!  [Still one of my favorite gifs.](http://i.imgur.com/f7rJAZ7.gif) Thanks for the giveaway!
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
KoToR and KoToR II. Empire at War is also worth your time.
Rocket League.
Psychonauts is a buck and is definitely worth a look. Fallout New Vegas is only $2.50 and is similarly amazing.  If you're looking for newer games, Ori and the Blind Forest is absolutely worth your time and is absolutely beautiful.
Thanks! They're up all week, so don't forget to check them out!
Thanks for the giveaway :)
Looks like everything's taken, thanks for doing this OP :)
Not entering, but I'd like to vouch for Spelunky and Grim Fandango. Spelunky is an amazing rogue-like where you traverse dangerous caves (and much more) for fame and fortune, and Grim Fandango (directed by Tim Schafer, the guy who also directed Secret of Monkey Island and Psychonauts) is credited as one of the greatest adventure games of all time, and perhaps one of the greatest games of all time. Good luck to all who enter!
Yeah, nevertheless, even though the runners have a pretty good idea of how long each run will take, they can still vary by minutes (or many minutes) depending on how long the game is and how many mistakes/ good speedrunning strategies they use. It's usually not too much of a variation though.
Thanks for the giveaway :)
Excellent :)
Tomb Raider: Anniversary please, thanks for the giveaway :)  PC is better than console because in the end, you're getting more bang for your buck. Better performance value for more utilities for a lower price.
Thanks for doing this OP :)
How about a giant trivia hunt where you have to look for obscure things on the internet? For example, find a half eaten candy bar on Ebay for 44 cents, find 10 Steam accounts that have Air Control as one of their games, find 5 actors with 3 Degrees of Bacon (see [here](https://oracleofbacon.org/)), etc. The possibilities are endless!
Euro Truck Simulator please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Not very good with cringy stories, so here's a joke:  5 out of 6 scientists say Russian Roulette is safe.  Teslagrad please, thanks for the giveaway :)
This is a comment.  This is a comment below a comment.   This is a comment below a comment below a comment.
Undertale Genocide run.
Fallout New Vegas please, thanks for the giveaway :)
21, Saints Row IV Game of the Century Edition please. Thanks for the giveaway :)
Well, as a general suggestion, I'd try out Rocket League. Soccer, with turbo cars. What more could you want?  If you're looking for more PC exclusives, Grim Fandango (in this case, Remastered) is another great choice; it's considered one of the defining games in the adventure genre.  Then there are the obvious Valve games (which are not PC exclusives but originated on the PC) such as Portal 2, Half Life (both 1 and 2), Left4Dead, etc. These are all great games to try out, and many of them are tons of fun with friends.  If you're more into strategy games, then Civ V is definitely worth a look. You can pour hours upon hours into this game simply from trying every possible civilization.  Then finally, there are the indie exclusives (or previous exclusives, at least they originated from PC) that I would absolutely recommend to anyone. Terraria, Super Meat Boy, LIMBO, FEZ, Nuclear Throne, Binding of Isaac, FTL, Subnautica, Teslagrad, Trine 2, VVVVVV, and many, many, more.   I have plenty of other suggestions if you're willing to narrow down what you'd like me to suggest. Hope I helped!
You'll need to wait for Steam Sales (or larger summer sales in general) for most of these, but here are a few places to look:  GoG bundles: http://www.gog.com/news/introducing_game_series_bundles  GoG in general has most of the old classic games you're looking for. If you want to look into this further, then try looking up classic games themselves and then buying series bundles. My recommendations would be System Shock series and the Roller Coaster Tycoon series. You'll probably want to wait for the GoG Spring Sale though.  Here's a Sega bundle that I found just from looking it up on Google: http://www.epicbundle.com/bundle/sega-classics-bundle  Here's the Fallout Classics Bundle on Steam: http://store.steampowered.com/sub/45615/  Then there are the standard packs and bundles that a lot of people talk about on Steam (but you probably don't want to buy until they go really cheap): the Valve Complete Pack, Star Wars Pack, X-Com Complete Pack, etc. Also, keep an eye out on Humble Bundle. Sometimes, they have retro game bundles as part of their standard Humble Bundle or the Weekly Bundle.
Ah, gotcha. Again, check Humble Bundle frequently, they usually have great bundles filled with popular Indie Games that are widely talked about. Humble Monthly is also worth looking into.
Thanks for the giveaway :)
Wow, that was fast. Thanks for doing this OP!
So after the 2 weeks are over (or you go over 2 hours of playtime), Steam refunds are issued on a case by case basis (but not guaranteed like the below 2 weeks/2 hours case). I suppose in this case, your refund requests were denied.
Not sure where this begins and where this ends. Any hints OP?
That's 12144 possible combinations (and I haven't factored in order of codes yet).
Excellent, see you then.
Saints Row IV please, thanks for the giveaway :)
21, Rainbow 6 please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Try Planetside 2 or Unturned!
Do you still have access to your email? Need more details here.
Entering, thanks for the giveaway :)
