I assume they are kids in high school
Dip brow
The fuck?
In what circumstance can you imagine it being worked out?
If you want NYX products, you can get them at Rexal   There are also a few beauty boutiques you can find. Some of them sell my holy grail eyeliner by Geisha Ink
Any that insinuate the experiences of others aren't reality, or target the opinions of others or the subreddit tendancies. Or any special snowflake style answers.    I also hate questions meant to critique users, their answers, and sow discord
Conferences always have networking portions. And then there are lunches, dinners, coffee breaks, mingling with people before and after panels
How To Be A Woman by Caitlin Moran.   Bossypants by Tina Fey   The Portable Dorothy Parker
/r/AskCulinary
During usually
What do you mean?
Dude.
wtf dude. Why would you ask that
"Sorry, dear. I sympathize more with the man who assaulted you than I do my loving girlfriend"
What do you mean?     Good for them for making their boundaries clear.
Labia and vaginas in general
Also talk to her about Nuva Ring. Way less invasive, but it's also one you can't really forget to take.
Talk to her.
Yeah I assumed there was some sort of cultural aspect I just wasn't getting
Hands wouldn't bother me too much
Yup.    I just got over it.  Stopped liking them.     If they felt the same way, I would think they were a really shitty person for emotionally cheating on their partner by informing me that they share my feelings.
Warm pulsing
Very different but we have some we can agree on
It's so highly contextual, it's almost impossible for me to answer   At work, it depends on the person and what they are doing and how much it is impacting our work performance    Personal lives, I only confront cheaters if I know them extremely well (ie, my best friend)    If someone says something inappropriate, it depends on who it was and what they said
Totally get that
Why is that?
Or Murale which is like a giant beauty boutique! And often does 20x the points and then 20x the redemption
At lower levels and younger ages yes. But all the top tier people, trainers, etc are typically male
Simple curiosity.
Aside from the other answers here you could flatter her and say "this is pistachio, that awesome girl I've been telling you about"
Probably has nipples on the breastplate
Because it's a good photo?
How are these things related?
Men shirtless chopping wood
Thats not what retourner means...
I've never seen this
Do you guys not get mandated time off to vote? Companies where I am have to give you a full hour to go vote if you want it
You are the YA person, right?    Any recommendations?
Oh my goodness, thank you!
http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2014/10/white-chili-with-chicken-best.html   Won't be as good with ground meat, but you can make a decent white chili with ground turkey
Dude.
He gets really pissed when people give the advice to "keep his belly full and his balls empty"
They were awesome fun individuals I got along with? What makes anyone like someone as friends
Food and booze
Several months
A lot of 18 year olds are still in high school    Really really weird.
By doxxing them, targeting them in real life, posting links to their social media, etc.
There are people of all ages on campus, dude
Just watch the first episode, and see what you think.
...I haven't watched it either
