ZANG!
Release that inner Bridezilla. Attack Mashed Potato Town!  (There might have been a mini taco bar as well.)
Here are a few of the and they're doozies! https://www.reddit.com/user/PocketSized-Moose/submitted/
Have you given her your own trash? Like, perhaps a single slipper, or an old magazine?
Amazon has excellent customer service, but you'll have to drill down through their *Help* links to where you can send them an email asking if it is possible to keep your home address private.  I know in the States, FedEx will ship to a local FedEx store near you for you to pick up at your convenience. I believe it's a free service. You might want to ask Amazon C/S if it's possible to request any gifts from your Amazon registry be delivered via FedEx to a local FedEx store.
We all need to carry the JustNoMiL cards.
Take u/87roses' suggestion. Check the official webpage for the state where he was born. There should be links to their Bureau of Vital Statistics where he can order copies of his birth certificate/record of live birth. I recommend ordering 3 or 4 copies because he might need them later for obtaining a replacement SS card, passports, etc.   Contacting the Social Security office should be fairly easy as well. They do replacement cards for lost/missing cards without too much difficulty. Might be a way to arrange to pick up the new card if they insist on mailing it to his home of record.
&gt; Because from here on out, how you frame things will be very important. There's a huge difference between 'Your mom is a manipulative bitch,' and 'You are way too smart to fall for that.'  OP, this is important!  You know the old saying about flies to honey? Unfortunately, it applies to a stubborn, obtuse husband who still seeks his mom's approval.   You don't have to back down one inch, but play to your DH's strengths. He's too smart to fall for things like u/_Green_Kyanite_ said, or "in a normal relationship between two adults who understand who the baby's mother is and who is NOT the baby's mother, we could reason with her, but we know from past experiences this isn't the case."  Also remember the power of "we."  "Honey, I think it's better for daughter if we stick to her schedule."  "Sweetheart, I know she's full of advice, but medicine and pediatrics have advanced over the years. It's best we stick to what her doctor suggests."   Always use the "we" and not "I."  Think of it as the Royal We, like the Queen.
You wanna know how to get Gobbler? They pull a knife, you pull a gun. He sends one of yours to the hospital, you send one of his to the morgue. *That's* the *Chicago* way! And that's how you get Gobbler.  Best of luck! Will be looking forward to the eventual updates.
Lay down the law to all parents &amp; step parents. There will be no invitations, written or oral, issued by anyone except you &amp; DH.  Demand, yeah, DEMAND a list of potential invitees from the parents and asl that the most important people be indicated on the list, possibly in order. You will accommodate as many as possible, but you do not want to get grief from ANYONE because not everyone will be invited.
How difficult would it be for you to place a phone call to her workplace and speak with the Human Resources department (or similar department)? You could say you wanted to know what sort of documentation she might need--because you want to be super helpful ;)
&gt; "By hook or by crook"  Even older than that! Its usage  dates back to at least the 1300's.
Thank you! I'll be sure to follow your suggestions. :)
Welts, weals, wheals, hives, skin rash, urticaria. Call it what you will, but basically this bit of hellishness and most DEFINITELY a sign of an allergy: http://m.patient.media/images/urticaria.jpg
...and probably will try to do in one form or another.  "Grandmamma loves her baby more than her mean ol' mommy does. You love your Grandmamma more than mean mommy, don't you?"
&gt; cuntlicking dwarf whore!!!  That *does* have a certain ring to it, doesn't it?
On the flip side...telling event planners you are planning a big, blow out bash to celebrate some event or other tends to get you a remarkably lower price list for a whole host of things.  Discovered this little secret when a friend was planning her New Year's Eve destination wedding.  Just kept telling the vendors that they wanted to throw a fabulous 7 course sit-down dinner with wine and a tiered cake for 60 of their closest friends to celebrate the new year and her SO's promotion.  The cost savings was well over a third of what was quoted to them when they were calling around town saying they were planning a wedding.  "Future MiL, you keep using this word 'party,' instead of calling it a 'wedding' which is what it is. Is there something we need to talk about here? We have to admit we're becoming a bit concerned with your lack of acknowledging the purpose of our event."
I get lazy with the scrolling back &amp; forth, so I copy and paste it all into the comment box. That seems to auto-format for easier and faster reading. Had no clue it was something as minor as a few indentations that would set the format like this.  Thank you for the redditing lesson, u/Barnard33F
Just for grins, a French Salad Dressing Recipe:  1⁄2 cup vegetable oil   1 cup ketchup   1⁄2-3⁄4 cup sugar (start with 1/2 cup)   1⁄2 cup white vinegar   1⁄3 cup minced yellow onion  2 teaspoons lemon juice  1 teaspoon paprika   1⁄2-1 teaspoon garlic salt (or to taste or use 1-2 teaspoons fresh minced garlic and 1/2 teaspoon white salt)  Blend well &amp; store in sealed jar in refrigerator.
You guys really need to google name combinations. I'm pretty sure Tempest Storm is/was either a stripper or porn star. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but kids can be awfully hard on other kids when stuff like that gets discovered.  Edit--always became partial to Stormaggedon after watching an episode of Doctor Who.
Woof! That man!
Yes, ma'am, THAT is gonna steam her undies right proper! Too bad you're not going to see her puckered old CBF.  The only problem I see will be your SO who might need to get into the bedroom while you're gone AND will have to withstand her onslaught of "Let me see/why can't I see/OP is hateful &amp; disrespectful to you."
Have you never read the Great Grilled Cheese Melt Down from two years ago?  The guy was so serious about his grilled cheese.  https://www.reddit.com/r/grilledcheese/comments/2or1p3/you_people_make_me_sick/  When I've been in a hurry to stuff a grilled cheese sandwich into my gullet, I've been known to cheat the cooking.  I start heating up the pan at a slightly higher heat than I normally would use, butter the outside of the bread, put the cheese in the middle, finish assembling, put it on a plate and then pop it into the microwave for 10 to 15 seconds.   It's critical to watch it carefully. The cheese needs to start melting, but you have to stop the microwave before it screws up the bread.  Add just a bit of extra butter to the pan (I use a non-stick pan, too), slide the sandwich into the pan, get it all toasty, flip. When it's all crisped &amp; golden to your liking, plate that sucker and enjoy. It cuts the cooking time by at least a third.
She's making double buttered TOAST with some cheese in the middle.
In one of the other JustNoMiL entries, someone said what amounts to "MiL, don't give us money if it comes with strings attached to your happiness."   A marvelous line.
There's a Cruella in the MiL Hall of Shame.  What about *It's All About Meee-ah*? Or *Simone Legree* because she's an evil greedy bitch with a tongue as sharp as a whip?
And spill your drink on it.
Ok, there goes that idea.    "Then see about having your knee replaced. If your constant complaining about the pain is any indication, you truly should think about considering a knee replacement. Goodness know, if *we're* tired of hearing about it, then I can only imagine what it's like for you to feel you always have to tell people how much pain you're in. Yes, you really ought to consider surgery..."  Subtle enough to perhaps shut her up, yet you can drop the hint she's talking too much about herself.
I would've given anything to have had her tell SiL to rip down all the decorations ASAP. I hope you find Sandy.
The beauty of it is as long as you've captured the intended message receiver's attention, you can keep the hand signals subtle, small, and right in front of your chest while holding a drink, or down at your side. I've even used what I call the "fire, fire, fire" signal as a "come rescue me" gesture--repeatedly drawing the symbol for infinity with my finger. Sometimes he gets it. Sometimes I have to bore holes into his face with my eyes.
Then you must understand the difference between real minutes and maintenance minutes.  ;)
&lt;3  Outstandingly good news! Heroes coming in all sizes, don't they?  Young son saved the day with his quick thinking! Good man!
Dogs &amp; cats often eat grass because they *need* to vomit. Other times it's because they just want to eat grass because they're little weirdos.  http://www.petmd.com/dog/wellness/evr_dg_eating_grass?page=2
Or people that are extremely klutzy who have fallen down stairs a few times in their lives.  Backwards.  Head first.  Oy.
Sizzling sneaky burn.
Maybe she could be called "Vile SeeYouNextTuesday?"
This link might help explain the differences (includes pictures, too).  http://www.seriouseats.com/2014/08/difference-between-jam-jelly-compote-conserve-apple-butter-preserves-types.html  Jell-O gelatin, no matter the flavor (and there have been some mighty odd flavors over the decades) is flat out nasty with a really weird mouth feel when it's served all by itself.
That is very possible. There are also studies looking at the relationship between antibiotic use and a subsequent change in gut flora which might contribute to obesity.
Thank goodness for the alcohol to lessen the squickiness of the Jell-O.
Don't forget the battle between *Queue*, a word that means “line” (as in "we stood in the ticket queue") vs. *Cue*,  which means “a signal to start or do something,” ("That's when I finally told my MiL to shut up about my weight. Cue her whining tirade that she was only trying to help!").
Better than Angel Soft and doesn't melt when it gets wet is Walmart's Great Value Ultra Strong. Even Consumer Reports ranked it waaaaay up there. You can get 24 double rolls for around ten bucks.  Edit--words have meaning and are necessary
The TV Police!  Having grown up with free TV all my life, this seems like something out of a science fiction novel.
Don't forget to add the sound of the locked doorknob being turned.
If it's not a kid, then it's a dog or cat wanting in or out.
Time to break out the penis party hats. Congratulations!
Thought BitchBot was having more than a hitch to her get-along when I saw "Cebolla" pop up as a new person.  So, your MiL has multi-layers of crazy and you want a moniker to go with that...Things with many layers:  Trifle  Lasagna  Parfait  Tiramisu  Sachertorte  Artichokes  Layer Cake  Shale  7 Layer Dip  Croissant--because she has crazy, flaky layers
Lock the bike up, "lose" the key for awhile.  Forced into sharing something that was given to YOU alone is NOT sharing.
Stuff it into your freezer and give it away at Halloween. No room in the freezer?  Buy a few cheap plastic tubs at the dollar store and keep it in those. Stuff them some place out of sight. Candy has a pretty decent shelf life, so it won't go bad before Halloween.
probly  supposively  unflammable  irregardless  mute point  She had no regrats posting her message to facebook.
I forgot to add "mindgrains" which are the really bad "headeggs."
