867, limit to counts, and nobody gets to be Nantes.
Technically it was not the SAS, but the precursor. But more importantly he was SOE. We literally don't know what he did for most of the war because its still classified. We do know that at the end of the war he was tasked to do Nazi hunting.
&gt; The year of the leaks. &gt;  &gt; The year of the butterfly effect. &gt;  &gt; The year of Dorne... &gt;  &gt; And now it's watch has ended.   But, in the Year of the Shadow War, it became something greater: our last, best hope... for victory.
Reekdepmtion!
Varys, what.
HYPE
Oh god, Olly using Benjen...
And the dude Bran is training under is Aemon's great-uncle whose been missing for 50 years.
BTW:  Over powered counts are: Halfdan Whiteshirt of Jorvik: 6k event troops Halsteinn of Nantes: 2k   Interesting character guide: http://www.ckiiwiki.com/Interesting_characters_guide
Could use more of the rivers.
&gt; Vinci, a city outside of LA  Note: Vinci is clearly [Vernon](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Vernon,_California), a town with very big scandals as its essentially 100% industrial and commercial land and only certain city employees live in the city, thus making the city employees the only voters.   There's a whole history of corruption allegations and investigations, and attempts to deincorporate the city, as it acts as a sort of tax haven, as the businesses there don't have to pay for any of the residential expenses of their employees (like parks, schools, etc.). Senior employees often had multiple jobs, with raises or extra jobs thrown in right before retirement such that the city manager was getting over 500k a year (plus benefits) in retirement.   The Vinci water tower shown in the establishing shot is the Vernon water tower with a bit of photoshop.
The traditional fastest guy is 83 year old Lyle Denniston. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lyle_Denniston  Mostly because he uses a phone.
whose trying to catch Charles Manson, but doesn't realize it yet.
Woo actually seeing the aftermath!
When's the Hannibal food book coming out? I want me some of this glorious dream dinner.
Ah crap, Jack is gonna have to go hunt Hannibal so he can pay for Bella's drugs.
http://i.imgur.com/QaDbboN.png
Because it's a **central bank**, which means its owned by the government (in this case the EU), and its purpose is to control monetary policy. Its mostly Germans, and they wrote the initial rules, which are very anti-inflation.
&gt; OS  Kirk and Spock were also played by Ukrainian Jews. It also featured the first interracial kiss. The Animated Series added more crew including way more non-humanoid aliens as crew such as M'ress (lion woman) and Arex (3 limbs).   &gt; TNG  Troi was also an alien played by a Greek lady, which Poland ball shows gets a lot of shit. Its also important to note 3 senior officers were women. Riker's sexuality was suppose to be more fluid was well, but they wussed out (star trek wusses out a lot).  &gt; DS9  Worf comes on over to DS9.   Casety Yates whose also black.  Dax ended up exploring lots of gender identity issues, including having same sex kissing (but again they wussed out).  Plus again 3 senior officers who are women.   &gt; Voyager  Forgot Torres, whose character's name even suggest the actress is hispanic, although I think she's actually mixed race with a Spanish dad and black mom.  And of course 4 female senior officers.  &gt; Enterprise  Yeah they didn't try so hard here compared to the last few.
Tan, she's Scottish.
What makes it more fucked up is how many of the men volunteered for Combat, forming the 442nd Infantry. The most highly decorated unit in the US army was all Japanese American. Nearly 10,000 purple hearts for a unit whose size was only 4,000 (lots of replacements).  One of those men was Daniel Inouye, who became the first Asian congressman. He lost his right arm in the war. And he still faced horrible discrimination when he came home, as Hawaii had massive racial policies intended to keep the white land owners in charge.  EDIT: forgot to mention he got denied the medal of honor mostly on account of his race for the incident where he lost his arm.
&gt; I forgot just how open Riker sometimes was. The alien in question was played by a female actress, but was portrayed as being very androgynous. Ultimately, the episode itself was a huge take on gender identity norms, though it was primarily an allegory for homosexuality acceptance and an attack on those religious programs that seek to "cure" gay people.  Apparently Franks fought hard for them to cast a man as the genderless alien, but lost.
&gt; Absolutely not true. Uber covers the driver with commercial quality insurance for the times that the app is active  Only since the middle of last year when they were sued and were forced to by the CPUC http://www.mercurynews.com/business/ci_25345400/san-francisco-uber-announces-new-insurance-policy-drivers
Start ups doing this include AirBnB, Uber, Lyft, Handy, Eaze, Luxe, Washio, Saucey...
&gt; they rush the field prematurely  Cal loves them for that. [The Play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfebpLfAt8g)
Actually you should bitch. The ADA operates under what's called a [private attorney general](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_attorney_general), which requires people to sue to actually enforce the ADA.
Ass Ass Ass Ass Astronomical leader
1. The Coven knew where she was. 2. The Coven can reach into hell. 3. The Coven can bring back the dead.  So assuming she's totes dead for good is silly.  And I think Sarah Paulson's Supreme is about to fuck up the cortez in a way she couldn't in murder house.
The time between shutting down the Sears catalog and Amazon being founded is less than a year.
The Jerkest Jerk who ever Jerked.
Which organ?
Scarlet was right, we were reborn. Except for her...  Lol even Scarlet knows she's kinda pointless.
Mainland China has grown quite a bit since Jackie Chan got started.
Here's a paper on it. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=888419
A. Fuck your high horse.   B. I'm providing generalized legal information, not actual specific advice based on facts.   C. A private attorney general action is a specific style of action which requires a private person to bring a lawsuit to enforce a law. The Attorney General part comes in because the person is acting in liu of the Attorney General. The government, in the form of the Attorney General, has the option to take over the lawsuit. The intention is to shift the cost of enforcement off the Government, as private actors can make money enforcing the law.
Unfortunately that's too specific of a question to answer ethically as it dependent on where you are, and whose suing and why. (Among other things, many states have their own ADA rules as well as the Federal ADA).
Specifically they've taken up a number of related beliefs that for various reasons they are immune to government acts.   There's 3 main types.  1. Religious Types: You see them with stuff like license plates and homemade driver's licenses issued by the 'Kingdom of God'. They tend to believe that only a government following God's Rules is valid. Thus they can ignore the government.  2. Diplomatic types: These folks tend to either attempt some fig leaf of succession or buy passports online from someone else who is. They try and argue they are thus diplomats, and have diplomatic immunity as 'Ambassadors' from the Republic of Makebelieve.  3. (And most common) are Constitutionals, They believe that the Constitution is real, but how that the government is using legal tricks that a savvy person can avoid. They tend to use fringe interpretations using stuff like the fringe of a flag to argue the court is applying admiralty law, and is inapplicable to them. There's also lots of talk about legal strawmen, or contracts with the government, in the belief that the government is trying to trick them into stuff like paying taxes or getting drivers licenses.  In short, its mostly people who really don't want to pay taxes/fees/get car insurance/get their license reinstated and think the law is magic, and if they can use the right words they are immune.
Is that when those fuckers have the fire alarm go off? - A neighbor who looks in your windows.
Gareth's Disney Princess Song...
Set your DVRs..
Note that the Taxi's have a lot more restrictions on them. Uber/Lyft tend to get around them. Sometimes more legally than not.  For example, there's insurance issues. Uber for the longest time tried to argue they weren't doing a livery business and didn't need livery insurance, which is far more expensive (mostly because livery insurance factors in the miles and has bigger requirements for accident coverage).  But there's additional stuff, like how they often have to subsidize dial a ride services or offer services to the disabled. Uber and Lyft have been having issues where some of the drivers have ditched on rides that have seeing eye dogs.
It's one half of Jeffster!
Stacy was the one whose image we don't use anymore.
And not even all American States have this law. But Tinder is based out of LA, which is in California, which has 18 as the age of consent.
Otoh the state where Tinder is Headquartered is one of those states.
He's still mad that he didn't buy Geico.
Japan does this now after massive amounts of fraud. Turns out while Japan does have longevity, more than a few folks were hiding deaths to get benefits checks.
Additionally, in California, a divorce attorney can be paid via a lien on the family house. Its intended for a case like this, with stay at home parent who has little to no personal resources, although there may be decent shared assets.
Bandon? Cause they are owned now by Tillamook
Check here http://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/OED_GRB.pdf  Page 4 of the PDF identifies the majors as well as the CS accreditation requirements. "*Acceptable  Computer  Science  degrees  must  be  accredited  by  the  Computer  Science Accreditation  Commission  (CSAC)  of  the  Computing  Sciences  Accreditation  Board  (CSAB),  or  by  the  Computing  Accreditation  Commission  (CAC)  of  the  Accreditation  Board  for  Engineering  and  Technology  (ABET),  on  or  before  the  date  the  degree  was awarded."  Then option B: i. Op tion 1:  24 semester hours in physics. Only physics courses for physics majors will be accepted.  ii. Option 2:  32 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and 24 semester hours in  biology, botany, microbiology, or molecular biology.  The 8 semester hours in chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics must be obtained in  two  sequential  courses,  each  course  including  a  lab.  Only  courses  for  science  or  engineering majors will be accepted.  iii.  Option  3:   30  semester  hours  in  chemistry.  Only  chemistry  courses  for  chemistry majors will be accepted.  iv. Option 4:  40 semester hours in a combination consisting of the following: 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics, and  32  semester  hours  of  chemistry,  physics,  biology,  botany,  microbiology,  molecular  biology, or engineering. (For Computer Science, see other acceptable course work.)  The 8 semester hours of chemistry or 8 semester hours of physics must be obtained in  two  sequential  courses,  each  course  including  a  lab.  Only  courses  for  science  or  engineering   majors   will   be   accepted.   For   Computer   Science,   see   other  "Other  Acceptable Course Work." All  acceptable  coursework  for  Options  2  and  4  must  be  for  science  or  engineering  majors  x. Other Acceptable Course Work:  Under Option 4, up to four semester hours will be accepted for courses in design engineering or drafting. Also, under Option 4, computer  science  courses  that  stress  theoretical  foundations,  analysis,  and  design,  and  include  substantial  laboratory  work,  including  software  development  will  be  accepted.  Such  courses  include  the  representation  and  transformation  of  information  structures,  the  theoretical  models  for  such  representations  and  transformations,  basic  coverage  of  - 7  - algorithms,  data  structures,  software  design  with  a  laboratory,  programming  languages  with a laboratory, and computer organization and architecture. Other acceptable courses  in computer science include artificial intelligence and robotics, networking, linear circuits,  logic circuits, operating systems, and software methodology and engineering. However,  the courses may not be substituted for the eight semester hours of chemistry or physics  required under Option  4.
