There's always going to be that one guy who shotguns the good craft beer, that's why you always bring a crappy flat of Molson dude.
Put it something like a septum clicker to make taking it out and putting it back in less of a hassle.
If your building has 4 meters, then it also has 4 panels. It is strange that all 4 of these panels would be in an area that isn't accessible to you, is there a portion of the building that you aren't able to get to?  It's really difficult to wire a duplex, triplex or fourplex incorrectly and cross wires over. You don't just haphazardly jump from one room in one unit to another room a different unit. It's just not something that is going to happen very often.   You said that you check voltages at all of your outlets and were able to roughly confirm that 8 of 9 were on a single 120v leg of your panel, probably not a big surprise because with that few receptacles, they are honestly probably all on the same circuit.   Things you haven't taken in to account are lights being in the other leg of your panel. What about large plug-in appliances like your fridge? Or did you pull it out from the wall to test the voltage? Kitchen hoodfan or Microwave OTR, dishwasher, washing machine?  It is EXTREMELY unlikely that there is anything wrong. The only thing I could see being an issue is the ungrounded outlets and your electronics.
Again, those are HOME speeds, you can get way faster speeds for businesses because you're needing to possibly provide Internet for hundreds of employees, not just 4 people
State of the art machines.... AMD processors and 8.00GB of RAM with no mention of MHz.
Weapon checks are pretty much standard now to make sure nothing is sharp, or real. And you get a bright zip-tie or something similar attached to said weapon.
The old brown is 219, reddish brown is 192.
*sips root beer*
Edit: double
Based on the picture, it looks like the majority of your house is fed with multi-wire branch circuits. This is 2 hots with a shared neutral.   The thing that you will want to look for are quad breakers. There will be 4 handles on them, a pair in the middle tied together for 240V, as well as a single15A on the top and bottom.   You do need to make sure though that you aren't putting too many circuits in your panel, on the sticker on it there should be two numbers separated by a slash. Based on the panel schedule picture you posted, your panel has 30 breaker slots, so the number should be "30/XX". The second number is the maximum number of circuits you can have in the panel, you aren't allowed to exceed that number.   Edit: the part number you'll want is HOMT1515215, you can swap the last 3 numbers with 220, 230, 240, or 250 to change the rating of the middle 2 breakers. You can also change the first numbers to 2020 to have single 20s depending on your needs.
What does the left side of your panel look like? It looks like you have a couple more tandem breakers over there that could possibly be changed to quads to make room.   It also looks like the bottom right breaker is a 2-pole 20A, but both wires are black, are you able to confirm that those two black wires come from separate 12/2 cables with independent neutral wires?
62-202   (2) - A manually operable control for an electric heater in a bathroom shall be located at least 1m from the bathtub or shower stall, this distance being measured horizontally between the control and the bathtub or shower stall, without piercing a wall, partition, or similar obstacle.  (3) If the condition in Subrule (2) is not practicable, a manually operated control shall be permitted to be located not less than 500mm from a bathtub or shower stall provided that it is  * (a) protected by a ground fault circuit interrupter of the Class A type; or * (b) supplied by a Class 2 circuit operating at not more than 42.4V peak or DC.    Don't see any mention of a sink in here.
Bathroom vs. washroom. Every single **bathroom** code exists because of the tub or shower, not because of the sink. I'm going to get a picture of a panel located right beside a toilet in a washroom just to make you pull your hair out.
He's just going to either find a scabby master whose willing to ruin his reputation for a few extra bucks to pull them for him. Or just not pull a permit when he should.
Might want to check the StanData, had more than one thing from there turn up on a test while in school.
This situation with both trailers and food trucks has been a pretty common question over the last few months.   Run as much as you can off of propane and minimize your electricity. It's not really feasible yet to live off of 100% solar with the need of MASSIVE battery banks.   You could easily run all of your lighting off of it by making sure it is 12 LED, and a few general purpose outlets to charge phones and stuff. But you're not going to be able to put in full sized stove, fridge, microwave and dishwasher in that thing, it's just not going to happen.   Propane fridge, propane stove, everything else is an unnecessary luxury. Use laundromats to wash your clothes, hand wash your dishes, a microwave is almost a guaranteed no as almost all of them are 1000W or higher.   If you really need a TV or computer, look at a small 3000W generator, you can get some that are pretty quiet nowadays.
Pretty sure that 50% of the posts on here from homeowners have them referring to breakers as fuses, or at least calling a breaker panel a fuse box.
I'm actually pretty impressed they were able to get it squeezed in to an octagon box.
Splice and pigtail all the things!
If you punch or drill a hole and put in a plastic bushing, you are perfectly fine to run romex. How do you think you're supposed to run cat5 or coax through steel studs when you can't get them in as an armoured cable. Same rules apply.
As long as they don't get worn for days at a time without cleaning, they shouldn't cause any problems.
Your ground and bonding system needs to be a completely interconnected. You can't just add a new ground in the barn without it being connected to the house. If you were to get a surge or major ground fault, the fault could go through the ground and up through the other ground at your barn and completely mess up either one of these units.  There have been lots of problems over the last number of years because guys aren't properly being taught when to bond, or when to ground. So they just pound a ground rod in because they think it's protecting their equipment, and it's because of the ground rod that their equipment ends up getting ruined when something goes wrong.   Under ideal circumstances, you should be putting a small sub panel out there, or at least a 15A circuit that you can bond to, or when you're running your Ethernet cable, run a ground wire in the same conduit, because you shouldn't be direct burying Ethernet cable anyways.
You want to use the existing light box as a junction box, leave it there because it is also being used for your door chime transformer, that is what the unknown device is.   Just need to splice a new wire on to the wire that is going to the existing light, white to white, black to black, all 3 grounds together. Use the proper wire knockouts and clamps on the sides of the box and get a round blank cover for it, don't leave the box open.
Besides buying isolation transformers, you're basically out of luck unless your boxes are secretly grounded. I'm pretty sure it was the 1968 NEC that finally changed to requiring a ground on receptacles, so anything prior to that might have a ground wire to the box, but wasn't required to the receptacle.  As for adding grounds to all of your receptacles, it's a huge pain, and yes, 99% of the time it's going to involve wall damage. What usually gets done nowadays is to add a GFCI outlet at the beginning of the circuit, and have all of the receptacles downstream of it on the load side. When the GFCI reads a difference in current on the hot and neutral, it cuts out, assuming it's going to the "ground" that you don't actually have, but this doesn't help you against surges.
Can you take a photo of the nameplate?  Is the equipment able to be hooked up with 208v 3-phase or 240v single-phase? Usually the nameplate will say both but the 250v falls under the +/- 10% that most equipment is rated to handle.   It just seems strange that a piece of such expensive equipment that can be hooked up to single or 3-phase, wouldn't be able to take a slightly higher voltage, which is pretty common nowadays.
Or you know, they hit the reverse button.
The tester could easily just pick up some voltage being induced on to the ground wire with that many wires all coming through that tiny space.   Can I ask why you took all them apart in the first place? I'm assuming there was a light there previously that you are replacing with the fan, and the wires were all nicely twisted together with wire nuts.
That's exactly how it works, just plug in wherever. Only problem is that there is no larger pin for a neutral prong, so anything polarity sensitive might not work 50% of the time. Also the obvious no ground.
The spray foam usually comes with a small plastic hose that you can stick through the hole, you can't expect to fix this and NOT get ANY in the box, it's just not going to happen.   Once the foam dries, just pick out what little bit does end up in the box.
Its the same thing here in NA, but that's not how the game works. If you've got a road that only allows buses, then only buses can use it. You can't put in exceptions.
Lego online store has the First Order Snowspeeder up with an estimated ship date of January 16, so maybe around then?
At least this is something in the news other than "hey guess what, oil is still dropping and the economy still sucks, just in case you thought it would be any different than 3 days ago".
For the Sharp Angles mod, you need road anarchy, and it allows for overlap on roads like this at the same height, but you still need no pillars mod for stacking.
That's a ruling here too, but 1.5m, so a little less. But inspectors allow it for the panel feeds only.   The code says exposed wiring requires mechanical protection through conduit , or by some other means. And they consider the fact that the panel is in a mechanical room that people rarely go in to, an acceptable form of "other means".   The wires can't get damaged if they are somewhere where no on ever is.
Reading the box, it looks like it's just named "resistance xwing fighter", also a piece count drop of 300 compared to Poe's xwing.   I'm sure one will come out eventually, but this seems to be a horrible Photoshop job kept at a low quality on purpose.
Well it would technically be "grains of rice", just like "lego bricks".
If you change all of your off ramps to the actual single lane offramp, instead of a 2-lane one-way road, all of that traffic should start using the middle and left lane, instead of just the left.   Because you used a 2-lane road for exits, this turns the far right lane into an exit only lane, and the middle lane in to an "exit or straight through" lane. But because of how the AI works, even vehicles that are going straight won't use the middle lane because it can be an exit lane.   All you need to change is the first section of the exit though, then keep the rest 2-lane.   You could also download an improved AI mod, and it helps greatly.
You should be able to find it on the exterior of the house somewhere, unless it got covered by siding or stucco. If it's an older house, it probably goes straight to where the main TV in the living room was, and no where else.
Anything that has a transformer in it will use a small amount of power while idling. Your furnace has a transformer to step the voltage to 24v for the control circuit. If you have a cell phone charger plugged in to the wall, even if your phone isn't charging, it using a very small amount of power, that's just how transformers are.   You also know that even if you maxed out everything like you said, 8w for 5 minutes, 6 times a day, that it would take 21 days for you to be charged an extra 1kwh. This is something that is literally costing you 15 cents a month, and you're going through all of this to figure out what it is.
Not that I've ever seen, any USB plugs have only one terminal each for hot/neutral/and ground. If you want half switched, you need to upgrade to a 2-gang box, have the USB always on and a second normal outlet switched.
Have never seen stranded cat5 in my life, according to google it's a thing, but how can you push tiny stranded wire in to a male RJ45 end?
He probably had 2-prong outlets in his last place and couldn't plug it in, so just took it off, and doesn't remember I guess.   Removing the ground doesn't instantly make something a fire hazard or shock hazard though. You ground the pieces of equipment that you don't want energized, so that IF they get energized, the breaker trips. Removing that ground doesn't cause everything on it to suddenly become energized and hazardous though, it just means that IF something were to go wrong inside the fridge (highly unlikely), there would be nothing to cause it to trip the breaker.  Not just saying you shouldn't just replace the cord end, because you should, just throwing out info.
If there was a wall plate on the outlet, how would you see a flash behind it? Are you sure it wasn't just a flash from the prong of the cord to the outlet itself?
If you've got crappy old backstabbed receptacles, and you are plugging in anything that pulls a decent amount of power, you can almost be guaranteed that there will be a flash behind the outlet. The backstab is loose and you're plugging in something that draws 1000W so the power jumps from the wire in the backstab to the metal of the outlet.
Walk to the kitchen. Or hire an electrician to pull a new circuit to your office just for your kettle, which depending on how much of a pain it is to get to your panel, could cost a few hundred dollars, so just walk to the kitchen.
Use 1-way roads to trucks don't cross over the road to make deliveries, which blocks traffic. This also prevents them from going out the same way they got in.
You're most likely mistaken at them being completely reversed. Most likely scenario is that one of the wires is power in to the box, simple hot and neutral. Two of the other wires are power out to other devices, simple hot and neutrals again.   The forth wire is your switch, the white wire was acting as your power wire down to the switch, hence why it was spliced with the 3 black wires. The black wire is your switch leg back up, that black wire stays by itself and attaches to the black of your fan.   That gives you 3 blacks and 1 white in a group, spliced and just pushed in the box. 3 whites spliced together, along with the white from your fan. And a single black spliced to the black from your fan.   Now the challenge is to figure out which one goes to the switch.
How much did you pay for this "platinum"? Platinum and gold are both similar in price per gram (gold is currently about $1250/oz, platinum is almost $1440/oz), but platinum is more dense than gold, so to make the same sized piece of jewelry, the platinum piece is going to be as much as 60% heavier, and therefore, way more expensive.
If you've got a 240v winding, how would tapping it in the middle change the fact that it's a 240v winding?
From the sounds of it, this isn't trade school to become a journeyman, this is more of a pre-apprenticeship school, then you work on your hours, then you take a test to become a journeyman.   I'm not sure if OP could take the red seal exam once he was done with his school.
