Buying an Impala could work.
What brought that on as they're usually doing the international cons around that time?
The Professional Left, Supernatural The Crossroads, Dead Authors Podcast,
Are we talking about Colbert or Joe Howard playing George Frankly? Honestly, I'd listen to either on NPR.
It looks like slave princess Baldrick
This is based on a movie from the 40s with Ingrid Bergman, Charles Boyer, and Joseph Cotten.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ToLfQU2xmg  Also Angela Lansbury's first movie ever. She's like 16 here.  -- I get... frustrated with this concept. My mom is constantly getting gaslighted by her husband, and even worse, she has some legitimate post-brain tumor memory issues. But he still uses her to put her down just manipulate her in order to boost his own ego.  It's slightly more complicated than regular negging/downputting/emotional manipulation. The concept is that someone is actively trying to convince another person that they're insane/incapable of rational thought/emotions for their own selfish reasons.
120 years- you think the Spanish American War just fought itself?
Could be, but I also heard it disseminated out on the web as well somewhere. That also could have been Tiki, so I didn't want to presume it was just one person.
You mean you just have to take 5 extra minutes to rewrite something to make a plot fit the character?  Like, let's see. Cole is back home from the war. He's having emotional issues, gets up from a nightmare to find the same scene. He's 23-23 at the time, capable of fighting, but just shuts down, because of the scene.   Ten years later, he's back, and is completely dedicated to hunting down Dean at age.... 34 ish.
Ah, yes. Rosemary's Baby. The story of a mother to be carrying the anti-Christ and usher in the Apocalypse.
Why is Samuel Colt not the gunsmith??!
*Pearl of Great Price
So wait. Ned Ryerson is Gabriel?!
It's not my problem if other people don't get a parody reference and most people outside of the state aren't going to see it in the first place. Airing our dirty laundry is assinine. People already think we're homophobic rednecks who think Obama is an atheist secret Muslim Kenyan Usurper and are tots cool with Phelps. Showing people that we're not by mocking the bigotry is actually showing that we are addressing our problems by confronting them, not pretending that they don't exist. Also the bumper stickers might actually predate Brownback, but I can't remember for sure.
When has Dean ever exhibited a normal circadian rhythm?
GEDean is Sam's beta?
And They Live is a movie and not a game.
Singer once laughed that he suddenly realized Genevieve and Jared were a couple during those scenes. "Jared's a good actor, but he's not that good."   Also this show somehow managed to get away with some.... Ironic sex scenes with Sam and Madison, a werewolf.
"Em," said Sam, trying to work out what to say next.
So does those other countries with maternity leave.
But first you have to burn through all of your sick/vacation time before you can get fmla.
The Studfather. In this version, it's a decapitated human head in the stall
The same stats that had Kerry ahead at the polling stations in Ohio, but still had Bush winning?
Are left handed people performing oomox with children? You decide.
&gt;Re: Jessica teaching Sam to eat healthy. I want to reject that one because I love the concept of lil Sammy striving to differentiate himself from his family by what food he eats. This links up to /u/laurellestars' thing about Sam &amp; eating/food : I definitely wouldn't put eating habits and/or diet past Sam as serving a psychologically stabilizing purpose for one reason or another (&amp; then it getting out of hand into extremes).   Sam is the Lisa Simpson of the Supernatural world.  &gt;I think Sam's someone who feels the ground shifting underfoot a lot &amp; needs either a person or a thing to fixate upon to set him steady. Academic excellence, Jess &amp; Dean were/are all functional people/things to depend on for Sam, but rob him of those things, he kinda goes off the deep end: addiction, neurotic control over food maybe but definitely neurotic control over hunting &amp; whatnot -- Mystery Spot, hooking up with Ruby, etc.  Ruby gave him the same foundation that Jess and Dean gave him, but she twisted it to her own wants. Even Amelia had that same kind of "take charge of Sam's life" aspect about her a bit. Sam wants someone to be in the driver's seat, but he's also stubborn as a Mule (when he gets this way, I call him Samule), and will donkey kick people he rejects as unworthy of being in that role. Meg screwed up the first time they met by trying to have Sam lead them. If she had taken charge and started bossing him around, he very well might have gone to LA with her.
It's happened in the past, when people were trying to pass as white. More rarer were people passing as a minority. Sometimes to get married, sometimes not.
The only kid to ever win at "too slow."
Trapped in the closet ~~wardrobe~~
Oedipus rekt
............................................  That's not the right link.  http://io9.com/this-is-why-having-a-pet-dinosaur-is-just-like-having-a-1711325287  This is the right link
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lma9b9Rva81qedbtp.gif
It was also a lot of courtroom drama and misdirection. Simpson was specifically told by his attorneys to make his hands as big as possible and struggle to get thrm on to show that they didn't fit whether or not they actually did.
This isn't exactly the same population set up as it would have been traditionally as they're all immigrants in a completely foreign country with even more limited access to potential mates than before. Also there might be a couple people with genetic disorders in the original population which would create a founder effect scenario. There are many issues beyond simple genetics when it comes to these kinds of results. I'm not saying that's what happened here, but it's not always an easy way to extrapolate this kind of result and compare it easily to historic trends and demographic information.
That's fine. Too bad about the time crunch. Just let us know what's going on.
Well, fuck. Why not square that circle by going a full 3/5s.
All of the psychic kids were supposed to go evil sooner or later. Sam going hardcore could have been spun off as an extension of that theme plus Azazel just like fucking with people. Sam was also supposed to be the one who got Dean out of hell, but it's probably better that he hadn't as it was too much of a power boost.  Kripke also said Ruby was written as going to be bad from Magnificent Seven (her intro ep), so the entire plot run for her was deliberately set up as a double agent.
Please be Jensen Ackles please be Jensen Ackles
"Hey, fuck Carl."  "What are you talking about? Carl's awesome. You don't listen to the mean man. I mean, if you want to pick on someone, go after Lenny."
I"d love to see someone ask what all of their future post-SPN plans are. Also when the show ended, if Jared and Jensen would do another project together, and what they'd be interested in doing.
That's... not quite the  same thing?  There are real medical ethical issues with video taping addicts messed up on drugs. There's a vulnerability of consent there that's lacking/different than with children.  Also youtube is just full of parents taping their kids doing something ridiculously potty-related.
None of them are enemies. They're animals and carnivores. This is literally how they survive, especially given the lycine deficiency. If they do not eat everyday, they are going to die and not from starvation.
It's not just the face, but also her polite manner. Plus who knows what else just happened. For all we know, another hostess quit that night and they were going to be super short staffed.
Not that I know of. And that's interesting that we haven't heard anything yet.
I have no idea, and it's not the only Christian based news website that covers Supernatural. I guess it's because it's bible fan fiction?
Try I university on itunes. Lots of solid actual science classes recorded
It's not even imperialistic economies. It's those in power with capital and power (political or otherwise) to crush their competition. It could be any system with inherent imbalances where one group of people work and often times collude to make sure that the economy works in their favor especially against those who don't have any of those resources.  That's not always how they all collapse either. Other things can trigger it: natural disasters, disease, external invasion, internal strife or upheaval, on and on.
We just don't teach it much or delve all that deep. The most famous example here is probably the Irish Potato famine, and that's only probably remembered because so many immigrated here, so there's familial history. Even then it's not really taught as a part or colonial past and failures. For most people, it's probably more about potato crop failures and maybe some rent issues with the land.
Native Americans were especially brutalized in the nineteenth century, but Jackson stands out out as maybe the worst of the bunch.
http://www.alternet.org/drugs/southern-states-outlaw-syringe-exchanges-used-prevent-disease?page=0%2C1
Oh he's way more than that. He easily could be stated as the one who pulled the strings to stop the apocalypse by manipulating and weaponizing the Winchesters with the real plan being he's the only political figurehead left after Sam and Dean destroy everyone else.
