With all the salads now, instead of just stacking ingredients on top of each other, they will be arranged on the perimeter of the salad like a [painter's palette (term used in official materials)](http://static5.depositphotos.com/1027218/433/v/950/depositphotos_4330040-Painters-palette.jpg).  The chicken will be diced into 12-16 pieces instead of 4 strips.  Bacon bits for the ranch salad are discontinued, although stores will have stock to last quite a while (assuming /u/TehWildMan_ doesn't accidentially drop a cambro full of them).  Instead, 3 halfs of bacon will be used, torn into bite-sized chunks on table.  This solves a problem where bacon bits were often held at room temperature for days before being used on salads.    Table assembly is simple.  I am not sure on the exact portion sizes, but our store is using two rail-spoons of the asain veggie blend, and roughly 8 orange slices, along with the diced chicken.     EDIT:  Forgot that an orange glaze will be applied on the chicken.    The stock dressing is a mcdonalds-exclusive packaging based off Newman's Own Sesame Ginger, and sliced toasted almonds are included with the salad.
HDMI over gelatinous fruit.
It could be that the register does not have a valid price for a 20nugg2meal large size.  At our store, that was (no longer offered) a promotional deal, and the price for the large version was 99.99$.  The 20piece meal for one follows the same pricing rules with other value menu items.
For happy meals, its a small coke "only ice", which we all understand as a cup of water.    Otherwise, just break the meal into components and punch in a water.
Tradition, although the registers did allow waters as HM drinks for a year and a half.
Almost as if a grey had intentionally donated a white account with the intention of single handedly ending the button.
Better solution:  glyph hacking could have the possibility of returning multiple/duplicate keys.
Our kitchen and walk-in has a diamond-knurled-like pattern which helps, but only to a point.
Sexy cashless terminal (although it lacks a pedestal), does it handle NFC and/or chipcard payments?  interesting idea of putting the changer on the top shelf. I usually set up with the changer against the wall, the Cashier Pos parallel to the back wall, OT Pos facing me and angled, and the printer wedged betwen the changer and Cashier.  I call it the "commander" setup, but battle-station works as well.
For anyone curious:  Usually, only one of the two POS terminals has a cash drawer.  That one can be configured as a dedicated casher (can insert orders, but they have to be cashed immediately), hybrid cashier/OT (can take orders normally and store them), or dedicated OrderTaker.   The configuration is done at the time of cashier login.  OP's is set up as a dedicated casher (lack of a "reset selected cod" button)  Also, about the menu layout, it appears to be standard with no Southern Chicken sandwich, and powerade/lemonade fountain drinks.  The colored buttons are probably the sirloin burgers.
Its possible if you wish for the crew member to be pouring 335 degree oil on his hands.
Its also similar to McDonalds makes tea.  4lbs sugar, 4 gallons water, 4oz tea bag.
Ever since their own alternative (CurrentC) proved itself to be vaporware.
Oh holy mother of pelikan nibs.    But fortunately, [The Goulets posted a video for this exact situation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zpnt18qqrPM)  Skip to 1:20
Some franchise got upset at the burger king next door.
Three platten grills have the same lower grill area size.  The plattens are thinner ,but extend farther out by a few inches, and each platten can comfortably fit a 2x4  grid of 10:1.   The back of the plattens are at a lower elevation on the 3s when open, and there is little room for error in placement.
&gt; destroyed a good four to five sections of our home entertainment section  In other words, the entire store?
Our store has numerous regulars ordering multiple small coffees with 10cream+10sugar.
It gets worse at our store:  We only have 1 dt register with cashier functionality, located in back booth (The presenter registers can be logged into cashier mode, but can not do anything but recall/edit orders).  FC has two functional registers.  If lobby is open, if multiple cars are in drive, then the cashier has to run back every time to pay out orders.    We recently had a brand standards visit.  As expected, we were marked off for not having a cash-enabled presenter-booth register and a broken FC register.
For a kid.
The size of the filet-o-fish has been changed a few times since it's introduction.
The current cook time on frozen fries at McD's is 3:10 at 335F.   Hash browns are 3:00 at 360F.
Good luck with the foam cups.   Sometimes our store runs out and customers get upset enough to demand refunded orders on the spot.
There are a lot of issues with the registers, although some (such as slowness or the 1-reduction and 0-promo rules) are a local issue.    Our biggest complaint is the layout.   The main lunch screen has a lot of wasted screen real estate, and is cluttered with discontinued promos.   There are two pages for each the deserts and LSM items. All the items could fit onto one page per category, and could be labeled a lot better. Also, both categories are littered with discontinued items.   Our registers have 4 pages for breakfast items, plus the lsm items on the LSM2 page.  Most of these screens are full, but many items are broken (either inventory-wise or will prevent totaling) or discontinued.    Drinks are also a mess.  Even the sodas and teas are spread among many different pages.    I could go on and on.  NewPOS also lacks the ability to create seperate tickets on the same order, and taking large group's orders gets messy really quickly.
It is [essentially] a continuous conveyor belt.  At each end, it goes from vertical travel, around a curve, and back down in the opposite direction.   To someone unfamiliar to how these work, suddenly going sideways  might be enough to trigger a panic response.
Looks like it.  Why some on would be carrying one with them to work is beyond me.
Even better: we flung piss and shit into earth orbit.
Most US debit cards are co-branded with one of the major credit networks (Visa and MC primarily).  These cards can be run over their networks instead the debit card networks.   In this case, the usual rules apply for verification/signatures, but for small transactions, the time spent verifying IDs or collecting signature isn't worth the time.  The magnetic stripe does contain a small string of data which indicates to card readers if Pin/Debit should be used or is required.  Some credit card reader setups (such as those at mcdonalds) will look at that string, and decide to run as credit automatically or ask the cardholder.  Other readers will just ask every time, or automatically use pin/debit for large transactions if available.
What is this "butt to butt" extension you speak of?
Actually, the mobile pedestal is the official standard.  Edit [link](http://imgur.com/sZEy5yc,SPSD10x)
Refillable?  As long as you have a bottle of ink and a pipette, you can just shoot up the cartridge or eyedropper them.
Tech required essays for spring 2016 transfer applicants. Prior to that they were optional.
When orders are taken by hand, the standard register-printed receipt will not be generated.
Duplicate comment. Please ignore.
Parking along centennial park drive is free, but very limited. I can't remember many others.  Maybe home park?  Another option is to park at a Marta station with parking spaces, and riding the train down to midtown or north ave.  The cost of parking (free first day, $5-8 per day after) and a round trip pass ($5 plus $1 for a breeze ticket) may be cheaper than on-campus visitor parking. [More information](http://martaguide.com/parking/)
US corporate policy is to always ask by franchise name and to never imply gender.  However, asking by toy franchise name rarely generates a response greater than "what" or "its a boy.". Especially when the customer leaves their disel engine on.    As enforcement is generally very lax, most order takers, in the interest of speed, will ask by gender.
January is typically a lul for the big toy franchises, so distributing old leftover toys or using a less popular franchise is common.
THWG!
Streetcar time?
Murder city Murder.
Its rule #1 of food pans in resturants.  When it comes to 9x4" pans (along with a few other sizes) you will always need N+X, where N is the quanity on hand, and X is some positive integer. Rule #2 is that any pan that is needed for something will always be incorrectly used for something else.  This is ignoring the fact that the polypropylene pans in this size are dirt cheap.
And everyone forgets about Carlisle.
Shredding hard drives? [There is literally a command for that](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shred_(Unix))
First shift generally has enough staffing to deliberately focus on keeping times low.    At the end of 1st shift (generally 2pm), many employees leave with few to replace them.  This rapid churn of employees disrupts production and service (drawer changes).    Changeover (between 10:15-10:45, or 10:45-11:15 depending on changeover time) can slow to a halt if a heavy breakfast demand occurs, or if cashiers start selling lunch before breakfast is cleared out.   In addition, changeover is often a break/shift-end time, which pulls employees off the floor when they are needed most.
As long as the required courses are completed by the document deadline for the Fall  semester (generally June 1), there will be no issue.   However, you will be required to submit two transcripts:  One with your application showing the courses in progress, and then another with the final course grades. If you are taking summer classes, a third transcript will be required after those are finished, but is not part of the application process. Also, you will not be eligible for the April 15 or May 1 decision dates.
OP's post indicates he/she is taking the two required courses (calc2 and phys1) along with two other courses (Orgo and PE).  Summer courses (unless they end before June 1) can not be used for the Fall application process, but can be used as transfer credit once admitted.  DiffEq is often required for RETP admission, but OP appears to be applying as regular transfer.
A line of defense to prevent bacteria buildup.
In passport, go to email preferences.  Which option is selected under "email destination".   If " an external email address " is selected,  mail.gatech.edu may not work.
A plate of bacon wrapped pork chops, served with a glass of wine.
***PPEEEENNNIIIIISS***   Back to the thread, wtf?
