Pro tip: put meat in sealed bag. Put bag in iced water in the sink. Use ice water to minimise bacterial growth. Faster than a microwave and infinitely more delicious.
There is also Deezer which offers lossless streaming.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_on-demand_streaming_music_services  And a bunch of others I've never heard of.
Population Australia - 23m  Greater Melbourne (4.1m) + Greater Sydney (4.3m) + Greater Brisbane (2.1m) - 10.5m, that almost gets you there alone.  Only 1m short - and that's just using a quick google, I actually think Melbourne and Sydney are bigger than that, so might already get there alone (together with Brisvegas)  They use to call it the Rockhampton to Adelaide line - it covers like only 15% of the landmass of Australia, but more than 85% of the population.  I'm sure that if you just coloured in the coast from Brisbane down to Melbourne, that would get you &gt;50% for Australia.
Shaun Hart for Brisbane.  Won a Norm Smith, but apart from that, he's never mentioned when people talk about that Brisbane midfield.  It's always Voss, Akermanis, Black, Lappin.
http://twitchy.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/i-award-you-no-points-and-may-god-have-mercy-on-your-soul_new.jpg
Don't forget the wind that would swirl around like a MoFo when you were there (and add to the cold)!
It's his daughter. Relax people.
Brad Scott's emotions
Thread is dominated by Richmond:  Dusty, Doull, Nason, Gaspar, Vickery, Geoff Raines, Arnot, Deledio's hair early on.
TripleM has been out-shitposted.  Time to step up your game boys.  Can we get some speculation on what brand of dried pasta a selection of random players prefer, perhaps?
It's just the erection you have for how we played on GF day not dying down.  I actually think in '13 we were the most dominant across the season, but our finals performances weren't as solid as in '14, where we dominated the finals series.  '15 we obviously had the loss first up, and the most difficult route to the flag of the three.
I'm glad someone appreciated it
Based on nomenclature alone, all time Hawthorn great Mitchell Lewis.
'&gt; be AFL online media stooge  '&gt; first day on the job  '&gt; AFL announces it is considering bringing back the substitute rule and restricting interchanges to only requiring a mersenne prime number of interchanges at the end of the game  '&gt; AFL also announces third Sydney team, this time in Cronulla, to be given Geelong Falcons, Oakleigh Chargers and any other club that BT has described as a "football factory" as a recruitment zone  '&gt; Go on BigFooty to try and defend it  '&gt; Godwin's law achieved in four seconds  '&gt; Go on Reddit  '&gt; Roasted by /u/howcouldubezaharakis  '&gt; Go on youtube  '&gt; Get cancer from the comments  '&gt; Dead at 24
St Kilda have never won a game at one of their home grounds, so are zero per cent. there.    Conversely, Sydney, Brisbane and Carlton all have 100% records at the ground.  The ground is Westpac Stadium in Wellington (NZ).   Edit: one to won. Don't know what came over me.
The top 12 active players for win % all either play for Hawthorn or Geelong, with the top 5 all being Hawks.
Fitzroy are like the Seattle Supersonics.  Neither of them exist anymore.
Lindsay Thomas, Rhys Mathieson, Joel Selwood and James Sicily are holding a candlelight vigil at the Whitten Oval if anyone is interested in attending.
And running the centre is Jonathan Giles?
Mate they're in Sydney.   Swans fans are still trying to learn the names of players other than Landon Franklin.
https://media0.giphy.com/media/YJjvTqoRFgZaM/200_s.gif
dignity
You will always win the tackle count if you never have the ball.  .#justhawthornthings
Percentage of 600 this half.    Hawks dominating proceedings here.
Helicopter punt for goal after a soft 50.  Everything's coming up Hawthorn.
Our best third quarter ever!   Three goals to none.   Get on the Hawks.
Burton will be playing.
Collingwood fans can't read, you don't need to use complete sent
On second thought, there were 19 spectators.  Gibson was actively trying to help Port, and I'm not even sure Gunston was watching the game, so can't count as a spectator.
.3 Burton, .2 Mitchell, .1 Rough.  -3 Jack -2 Brand -1 Pop  EDIT:  Just realised something weird happened.  Fixed - Burton should have the three votes clearly, but reddit reversed it.
Stratton  . mcevoy.
Jetta held the record... So many opportunities for his first goal missed.
North borrowing third quarters from us i see.    You think they would have learned about trading with hawthorn...
Aah. The classic illegal meat in the sandwich call.   Haven't seen that in a little while.
Treloar is on today.
It's cwood. Guess.
Obvs!
Behind of the year
McC stole it from his team mate streaming towards goal.
If you want forwards, we have James Sicily available.   If you want defenders,  Josh Gibson.   The choices are endless.
What even is effective disposal
Both teams missing targets and kicking to each other
That's a mark
Nice off a step
We will also take any spare Rorys that you have.
The Ty Vickery conundrum.
Below, I've laid out the /r/hawktalk official mid-season AA team:  B: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw)  HB: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw)  C: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw)  HF: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw)  F: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw)  R: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw)  Int: Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw), Burton (Haw)
http://imgur.com/PLVFa
VicBiasWatch...
C. Judd - 3 votes.
