Do we get a virus whenever we click?
1. Swagni (Agni) 2. Scarlet Coven (Isis) 3. Slaughterhouse (Chaac) 4. Nox recolor (Nox, duh) 5. Ra'merica (Ra)
Just give it a while, eventually the mastery skins will be updated to fit the new standard for them. Just takes time.
So basically download app, meet requirement, get skin, never use again?
No, it's free.
Thanks, would have never known. xD Free stuff, woo!
So is it a simple server issue with no fix? If that's the case, the solution would be to wait until tomorrow when most people have it downloaded/updated.
At the end of the SWC.
Begin the era of Enemy.
They did not care at all about that win. xD
They are forcing people to watch it. Illuminati confirmed.
It's called "Xbox One" for a reason.
Squiddle.
The icons come around during a "Smite Pantheon Weekend" event. They haven't been doing these recently (for some reason), and I believe not all the pantheons even have icons yet. The event consists of: Winning a match to claim the icon, sales for skins belonging to that pantheon, as well as VP sales, and usually a MOTD based around that pantheon.  The only way to get these icons are through these events, or through certain chests (Odyssey is the only one I've noticed).
Ew.
Mute and block feature.
You're right.
It hasn't been updated yet. It will more than likely be done when the patch goes live tomorrow. Probably just doing it to save time.
Nu Wa. She even has a recolor that is exclusive (granted, it's free).
So..? It's still an exclusive skin. And the Merc skins were also available for a decent length of time when they were released.
Sike.
It's for the Japanese event, which hasn't started yet. You have to purchase the items from the Japanese events.
No. There have been about 13 posts about this already, you aren't the only one. And the same answer applies. They haven't updated the ticket yet.
Season 3 hasn't started yet.
On top of the T2, the Exclusive, and the Shadow skin he just got.
The app will be coming to Android in due time, and the skin will be available through that as well.
League 3v3 will be added in February.   Arena doesn't fit the competitive scene, as it's more of a casual game mode. I believe they had it at one point, but removed it for that reason.  Arena, Siege, Clash, etc. Are all casual game modes. Not modes for people to learn on. They are modes that you play to enjoy a match or two, without being too crazy about how you are performing, or getting supper bummed out for losing. They are also used to get god masteries, since you can only play gods you have mastered in ranked games.
It hasn't.
The only game mode I excuse this on is MOTD.
Don't forget vision. Nu Wa's ult can strategically be used to check for ganks, objective steals, etc. when enemies are missing, and not visible by wards.
You need to buy the skins/wards that become available for the event. It's basically a mini-odyssey.
For warrior, I highly recommend Bellona and Hercules.   For hunter, I recommend Apollo and Xbal  For mage, I recommend Zhong Kui, Vulcan, Agni, and Janus.  For guardian, I recommend Khepri, Xing Tian, and Kumba  For assassins, I recommend Mercury and Fenrir.
Because if the map is anything like the current map (jungle on either side of lane) he has very high ganking potential, especially since he cannot be seen when invisible (by wards). So any squishy teammates can get one shot, feeding him until he is fat.   Also, because he's Loki.
Is it memes?
Removing Arena and Assault wouldn't move people to a different game mode. There are people who exclusively play them, and the only reason they play Smite is for them.  These people don't hurt the Conquest queue, seeing as they wouldn't be there anyway.
Don't like people who spam the laugh emote? No problem. We have the solution for you! Introducing the number-one anti-laugh spamming device in the world, the Mute Button. This device is automatically added into your game FOR FREE with every purchase of a keyboard. Simply hit the tab key, roll over to the mute button, click, and you're done! It's just that easy! And call now, and we'll even through in a second Mute Button ABSOLUTELY FREE! That's right, get two mute buttons for the price of one. But act fast, because offers end at a random date set in the future that doesn't mean anything because we really need you to buy our product! So act now, and call our troll free number!
Be easier to put numbers under the god portraits (usually displayed around the edges of the screen) and just adding "Enemy ultimate down (1) (2) (3) (4) (5)", to easily point out which god you are referring to, without adding any super-difficult system.
I hope not. Was hoping to purchase the Cortana Sol. :(
Yu-Gi-Oh.
There use to be a "pantheon weekend" that happened about once a month, but they stopped doing that for whatever reason.
100% this
No, they won't. This is season 2 fantasy points, and will not be reused for season 3.  However, whether or not they may throw in an extra reward at the end of season 2 (for whatever reason), no one knows. If they do plan it, it is a complete surprise at this time.
Lel
Around 5 or 6.
"get rekt" Oh man, that's like the worst BM I've ever heard!
Step 1. Get cocky.  Step 2. Remember your bad.  Step 3. Feed.  Step 4. Have 10 deaths, 0 kills.  Step 5. You're now officially bad at 1v1. Congratulations!
Yeah, only with two colt-revolvers, one of those cowboy-trenchcoats, a beard, kind of like John Marston.
What is it like, being a Barracuda?
So would his 1 shoot out a cross? And he'd fly on like angel wings or some shit? Because that look sick.
Amaterasu isn't OP, she's broken. All she has to do is build Frostbound, use her movement speed aura (+boots maybe) and you aren't going to be able to escape her, even if you dash away, because she'll just dash at you AND silence you.
