&gt; This doesn't look like it has neither.  So it has both ?
There's a shortage of women in China due to the old one-child per couple policy.
Cheap to replace the battery and then you have a whole new lease of life. http://youtu.be/FnlgaPstA8o
..if he writes a book or releases a DVD.
itsaride: England is due it before Germany gets it again.
No, conventional warfare.
Crimea was annexed for economic (logistical)  and military reasons.
Or put it another way, stare at the top UFO for ten seconds then the bottom UFO can tell if you're looking at it or not and changes the background accordingly.
They forgot to let the supporters in.
Seaworld Parks, with the world dropped to avoid being sued no doubt.
Well it was the Baltic!
What I've never understood about diacetyl is that it's present in high amounts in cigarettes and therefore cigarette smokers should have been developing 'popcorn lung' all along, but they haven't ..the only reason I can think of explaining this is that smoking tobacco protects the user in some way.
Well I wrongly assumed they'd have the same prices everywhere, thought you might have misread, no need for proof as far as I'm concerned, might be worth checking the longer length packages if you're going to be in there for more than a day though. Get well soon!
The link goes directly to the Wordpress article for me.
Put /u/the_ultravixens on the list.
Looks like we found him!
You can't. They're no longer available publicly after 24 hours.
http://i.imgur.com/HcUguVH.jpg  The good news is it looks like murders generally have dropped significantly looking at that.
All of them.
Well not *all* his...but reverse engineering is what hackers do, without that you'd have no jailbreak at all.
Yup, it's not obvious but longer taps = higher jumps, just barely tap the screen for smaller jumps.
Let's all rewrite history!
Hopefully investigators are busy mashing potatoes.
Could be searching for insurance...
it lives !
There's two poops on the pitch, they think it's all over...well it is now.
Apple.com
Genetic mutation that causes bow legs.
https://twitter.com/cammywrites/status/615925340347756544
Cue new reality TV show idea.
The name has me scratching my head till I noticed they all had the same subject.
He's laughing at the design of the doors on the tuner section that can never close.
Its Stavros init.
or maybe a real button for the 63c
Isn't this local DPRK news?
But that blood flow can be cut off much easier than internal bleeding.
Utensional.
Watching....nope.
"wtf is this shit!?" oooh magical.
TL;DR Ecigs are not really a tobacco product and most of the legislation doesn't apply (except warning labels).  Also yay   &gt; 3.12.11 E-cigarettes are not risk free, but the latest evidence suggests these products are safer than smoking. The Government believes that it would be disproportionate to prohibit cross-border distance sales of e-cigarettes, which have the potential to help smokers quit. Information from the consultation and other intelligence sources indicate that many businesses in this sector trade solely on-line. The Government will, therefore, maintain the proposals included in the draft regulations at consultation and setup and maintain a register of all businesses engaged in cross- border distances sales. Domestic distance sales (UK retailers to UK consumers) are not affected
It's his flair.
Poker players do it all the time.
Damnit Marie!
Not to mention a hot neck.
apparenly they're made of razors to keep the image sharp.
[This population density heatmap] (http://imgur.com/UzeU3tR) should help explain it, it overlays nicely with the football teams map.
A video is worth a thousand imgurs : http://youtu.be/3bIXUBXj070
State Department Twitter confirmed hacked.
A Brazillion years old.
Apparently there are only thirty children there, hopefully French social services will step in there.
