Best 11 this season; Lloris Walker toby jan rose Dier dembele Lamela alli eriksen Kane.  Say we add lacazette and a midfielder like bazoer/dendoncker. Then with keeping the same best 11 (not that we should/would) our bench features vorm, trippier, wimmer/davies, bazoer/dendoncker, lacazette, son and njie. Assuming some sales after that we could use edwards, harrison, onomah, CCV and KWP as squad depth. That squad looks very good.
News just in: russia have just decided to show up in lille for their group b match against slovakia
One minute ago: poland are very comfortable without the ball, at maintaiming shape Hits bar: that has to be a warning to poland, they can't afford to sit back
Thanks flem
Could bolsy bowl cosgrove?
This isn't test cricket, luke
YTB
To be fair to lenton if he's appealing for a catch he's not really focusing on a stumping and probably didn't realise that voges was out of his ground until too late. The sad thing is voges probably smashed it and the ump didn't pick it up
DEEP E E P
I miss the days of backyard legends copping one to the nuts or running through fences. They were simpler times
This music is sure pumping up the crowd
Johnno looking blazed
Gilly with the subtle fuck you to his family
Gee wiz
I don't understand this. Vorm has only played 4 or so games?
Boro-leicester? Never happened m8
Jesus christ. MEAT PIE TRAIN
"Yeah spot on warnie, really like the way you go about it" -darce
Warnie reckons that old mate dave has genuine leg speed. Reckon darce would agree with that
14(55) hmmmm.
Braithwaite, blackwood and dorwich are looking okay though. Hopefully they can build a batting line up with these guys forming the spine.
Reckon you double your 30 over score so we should be looking at ≈290-300. Good total that
Good maths, tubbs
Crocodile technique
New girl lads. Specsavers girl
Hum de dum dee lyk a bic boi
The one's with the beards look more like jimmy anderson
No susan
Uzzie made runs against south africa
Renshaw still facing up
That's some off-spin right there
Large kid dancing
Fuckin beamer
All the boys
She loves solid units
YOUNG BOYS AND GIRLS
Fucked it
Mike controller ;)
Renshaw is a cross between hayden, langer and gilly
Ponting suggested that the best way to play was to show the full face to point at some stage during the swing (backswing or stroke). Lara was the same.
Thanks chaps
Why do you even need hotspot or rts for that?
That balance
How did he look like he was out of his depth?
Fuck. I missed the hot chick
"We were gonna knock him out" lol wot
That's because emily is walking down the pitch 5 metres outside leg and trying to hit a ball on middle
Ed's been hitting the gym.
The kahuna was in every club's communal kitbag
Fuck me. That is a top cunt move from wade there
