That one isn't that good, but considering your budget you will have to get lucky to find something better, $100 is not a crazy price for that bike by any means. But you do see nicer bikes being sold for the same amount by owners that don't realise they could get more.  Ways to tell this was a bottom of the range bike:  Shifters on Stem - All decent quality bikes of this era have the shifters mounted on the downtube  Cottered cranks with chainguard - Good quality road bikes of the era (and today) don't come with a chainguard and use a different, more reliable system to attach the cranks.  Metal dork disc (the metal disc next to the sprockets) - most better quality bikes of the era don't have a dork disc.  General finishing quality of parts - The brake callipers and rear derailleur look cheap and poorly finished compared to what you would see on a more expensive bike.  Would also say to go for bikes with modern 700c wheels rather than 27inch, as they will be slightly more recent and have more compatibility with modern parts  This is the case for all 70s/80s road bikes, not just Japanese ones
Main principles are to stay loose and anticipate obstacles as /u/MuchUpTimeHours suggests, beginners often ride 'dead sailor' or stiff/locked out arms and legs, hitting stuff like a sack of potatoes.  Doing some riding offroad would improve your technique and help teach the importance of weight distribution on the bike.
http://nashville.craigslist.org/bik/5040137405.html - this bike would likely be a good candidate, but it depends how tall you are. You would have to be very tall for the Trek to be worth considering.
Because it's a free 'build your own website with no techical skills' site
I've read your post about five times and I'm a bit confused by how you think we would be able to tell you anything useful, based on the information you told us.
Well it's really hard to say anything much without linking to the bike - you can only use your own judgement on it's condition, value, chances of it being stolen etc. Though I understand your reluctance to.  But getting a higher in the range bike for less money is great even if it is used - it's just I couldn't say "sounds awesome, go for it" because it might be stolen or have other red flags that can't be picked up on without seeing the listing.  If the seller was willing to let you get the bike checked out at a shop chances are it's fine, if they were hiding a problem with it they would probably say no. If you go to the shop I would probably just ask for a safety check/inspection and not say that you are potentially buying the bike unless asked, because it's in their interest then to find problems with it and steer you onto buying a new bike with them.  With regards to test riding, that's more important if you're test riding for fit/sizing or test riding for which bike is the best. If you are sure on fit and sizing, a $2200 bike will ride better just about for sure. Worst case you end up having to buy new contact points like saddle/handlebars/stem to adjust things, but you're saving enough that shouldn't matter.
&gt;proven beneficial  Caffeine has a huge number of links with anxiety and other mental disorders.  From [Smith BD, Gupta U, Gupta BS. Caffeine and activation theory: effects on health and behavior. ](http://apt.rcpsych.org/content/11/6/432.full)  Excessive ingestion leads to a state of intoxication known as caffeinism, which is characterised by restlessness, agitation, excitement, rambling thought and speech, and insomnia. These symptoms clearly overlap with those of many psychiatric disorders. The potential harmful effects of caffeine have long been recognised.  ...  Four caffeine-related syndromes are recognised in DSM–IV (American Psychiatric Association, 1994): caffeine intoxication; caffeine-induced anxiety disorder; caffeine-induced sleep disorder; and caffeine-related disorder not otherwise specified.   ...  Caffeine has a number of adverse effects on the gastrointestinal tract.  ...  Withdrawal symptoms have been reported in both humans and animals (Schuh &amp; Griffiths, 1997; Griffiths &amp; Woodson, 1998). Well-recognised symptoms include headache, irritability, sleeplessness, confusion, nausea, anxiety, restlessness and tremor, palpitations and raised blood pressure (Finnegan, 2003). They typically start slowly, are at their worst at 1–2 days, and recede within a few days. They are rapidly relieved by intake of caffeine, suggesting that they are genuine withdrawal symptoms.   ...  Caffeine appears to prime reward-relevant dopaminergic circuits implicated in cocaine misuse, and has been found to reinstate extinguished cocaine-taking behaviour in rats (Worley et al, 1994).  ...  Among adult psychiatric patients in the USA, a significant number have been found to use large amounts of caffeine (750 mg or more per day); such individuals have higher levels of both anxiety and depression than those who consume less
What kind of adapter have you heard you would need? That doesn't sound right.  &gt;all the info I can find seems to be a couple years old.  That's really not relevant, the technology involved hasn't changed for 30 years.  Bar ends were very common in the 90s, on almost every mountain bike bike, nowadays I only seen people using them for cycle touring. If you have any kind of local community of cyclists (e.g. subreddit/facebook page) I would just make a post and ask if anyone has any spare bar ends at the back of a cupboard.  Note I am not suggesting your friends are wrong or bar ends are bad, I fitted a pair when I went cycle touring earlier this year. They got less popular mostly because mountain bike fashion changed.
A lot faster than most natural stalactites, but the very fastest natural ones (3mm a year) would probably be similar based on how long these are and how long the plant has been abandoned
That's the size of the wheels :) The frame looks about 21" (edit - just noticed the seller measured it as 20") which should be sweet for you
For reference: A wheel is made up of a tire, a rim, spokes and a hub. The entire thing is a wheel, not a tire - **the tire is just the rubber part**. This is the same with cars and with any kind of wheel.  &gt;622) 700x   This means your wheels are 700c which is the standard size for all modern road bikes. Pretty much any other 700c road bike rear wheel will fit.
Make sure you have a good ride position - you may want to swap a different stem or adjust the height of the stem.  Also consider the bars - just flat bars isn't good for touring, you need a variety of hand positions. Easiest and cheapest option is to fit mountain bike bar end extensions (bar ends). Time trial style clip-on aero bars can also be an option depending on the fit of the bike (possibly combined with bar ends - this is my current touring setup), or get a new set of trekking style handlebars.  Might be worth getting the rear wheel hand-tensioned by a wheelbuilder, little bit excessive considering the wheel is quite low-end but it will help avoid it coming out of true hitting bumps when the bike is fully loaded. This is not needed with the front wheel because it deals with less force - you usually have to crash to buckle the front - and because the rear wheel is inherently weaker on bikes with gears as it has to be built asymmetrically.
My favorites, concentrating on individual spots - some stuff that's already suggested, and some of the parks are on routes like the Southern Walkway or Skyline Walkway already suggested, but are worth visiting separately to do a shorter loop walk.  In the city:  * Otari Bush * Central Park * Red Rocks * Trellisick Park * Wright's Hill * Tawatawa Reserve * Oruaiti reserve  Further out:  * Catchpool Valley/Orongorongo trails * Belmont regional park trails * Mt. Kaukau * Makara Beach  Also would recommend trying mountain biking if you are moving here and like the outdoors, could add another list of spots to the above.
Yes the first one would for sure be too big then.  It would probably be worth comparing the two similar bikes if you have the option to, the Gary Fisher is almost certainly better quality and you might decide is worth the extra.
I've heard of people in developing countries using chunks of wood as a botch replacement for busted bike shocks. I wouldn't scrap it, sure someone else would buy it to try and fix or just to hang on a wall.
&gt; also noticed the pots that they are in have a drain so the soil doesn't seem to hold the water. I'm not sure if this is beneficial or not in this situation.  That's normal, if you don't have that the plant's roots rot, but it's also why you have to water plants regularly
&gt;so they have to do everything well. Good wear, good protection- all without being too heavy.  That would be nice. Choose a fast, light, supple, fast wearing tire (race tire), or a comparitively heavy, stiff, slow hard-wearing tire (training/commute tire), or a tire that is somewhere in the middle.
Well it depends on your definition of 'fairly well'. Many people choose to ride race tires like the GP4000s/GP4000s II all the time because they would rather have a fast, comfortable tire than one which lasts a long time and has good puncture resistance. But the GP4000s will wear out very quickly and be likely to get punctures compared to a commuting/training tire with hard compound and puncture protection strip like the Maxxis Refuse.
The main tip off that the Focus is a great bike other than clues from the picture that are harder to explain is that the seller says it has Shimano 600 (now called Ultegra) components, second from top of the range below Dura Ace.  It's also easier to tell a good bike by it not looking like a cheap bike: http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5068621268.html  See how that bike has shifters mounted to the stem (instead of on the downtube or integrated in the brake levers), a big metal chainguard and metal 'dork disc' behind the rear sprockets? Those three things mean the bike is a cheap 'bike boom' 10 speed and is much lower quality.  Here are some other options:  http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5065285957.html - looks ok http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5043085519.html - looks good http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5033456243.html - looks ok http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5012624130.html - very nice http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5007357909.html - looks good
According to Solberg they were in full control of the car and just looking to rejoin the road, but had so much vines covering the windshield they didn't realise they'd reached it and crossed it already, and then didn't see the powerpole at all.  As I remember he got told off and there was a debacle with local landowners talking about the rally not being held there again because of all the damage to vines (he wasn't the only driver to crash into them)
&gt;Even when I adjusted the brakes toe it still runs constantly, I think the fork is bent.  Might be that the rubber on the pads has perished/formed a hard surface layer, the brakes are cheap enough they have flexy arms, or just bad luck. I have seen brakes that are near impossible to cure of squeals because they have flexy arms.  Maybe try using some coarse sandpaper on the surface of the pads and see if it helps.  &gt;to get an even higher quality bike at that price it would have to be in almost as bad condition as mine wouldn't it?  Nope, it sounds like your bike is worth about $50 in current condition, so $200 could get you something a lot nicer (used), but you will be looking at older bikes from the 80s to mid 90s to get something decent quality/reliable. Check out /r/whichbike - see the sidebar and maybe make a post there with a link to your local Craigslist and people will give you recommendations on bikes to look at.  $200 on a new bike would be just throwing money away, it will last even less time than your current bike.
Looks like there's not many options right now in your size, there's a whole bunch of 54cm and some very small frames in the 40s but no 48-52.  54 would probably be a bit too big to be comfortable, but this bike looks awesome for the price https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5076157788.html  https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5040643994.html - similar to above but not quite as nice  This bike is very small but you could try it https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5068804133.html  Maybe wait for a week, chances are it's just bad luck there's no bikes with 48-52  frame size at the moment.
That's a real bummer about your old frame.  For $1100, unless you're talking just a frame you're going to struggle to find that kind of quality in a new bike. A new bike will have more speeds, be lighter etc for $1100, but it's not cheap to get that kind of ride quality from the frame.  My recommendation would be to look at second hand bikes
Did you buy it? Would have been a very good deal by the looks of it
With the tires it's not the size I was talking about, it's the knobbly tread, you can get tires the same size or even bigger that are slick
'Casque' is an obscure word that specifically refers to a visorless helmet, in French it is more common and just means 'helmet', e.g the film Casque d'Or (Golden Helmet)
It depends a lot on the conditions -  * Wind - the bigger the tailwind, the faster a road bike is because of tires. With a gale force headwind tires make almost no difference, but a road bike is still faster because it and it's rider are more aerodynamic  * Steepness of grade - the steeper a hill is up or down, the less difference tires make. Very steep uphills almost all pedaling effort goes into overcoming gravity, and very steep downhills friction from tires is insignificant compared to acceleration from gravity and the rotational momentum of the wheels  So on a flat road or gently uphill or downhill road with no wind or a tailwind, slick tires are significantly faster, in the mountains there is less of a difference.   But another thing to consider is the impact of riding knobblies on the road on your wallet - tarmac is like sandpaper to soft compound tires and they will last a fraction of the time compared to keeping them just for offroad riding
There was a good post on this a couple of days ago:  http://www.reddit.com/r/bicycling/comments/39wi2w/first_ever_road_bike_love_it_to_death_but_my_ass/  &gt;I must say every seat I take feels like a swift kick in the ass.  It's good technique to watch the road for bumps ahead and prepare for them by putting weight off your butt and onto your legs just before you hit them. If you are riding with your saddle lower than it should be this would be a lot more difficult.   Got a pic of the bike?
Looks to be properly set up/doesn't look like the wrong size bike or anything - pretty much what I said in that other thread plus the tip about being pre-emptive with bumps to absorb them with your legs
Other materials also have a raw state, and aerospace metals in their raw state (e.g. sheet/bar stock) can be very expensive and make that CF look cheap. Other materials can also very expensive to work with. For example it is cheaper to make something like a bicycle frame out of carbon fibre than titanium or stainless steel because the cost of working with those materials (cutting and welding) is comparable or greater than costs involved in laying up carbon.
Middle of the winter here in Wellington, 14c/57f max, 6c/43f min. Will be a pretty cold night, 14 is pretty standard maximum but 6 is colder than it usually gets, quite often in the winter its only a degree or so colder at night than in the day.   Sounds fairly warm but there's always humid sea air and often windy (it competes with Ushaia in Tierra Del Fuego as the world's windiest city) so it often feels a lot colder.
A few cars that used the same engine did though like the Galant VR4 and the Evos
&gt; I looked online and found a few websites with programs/apps I can download, install, and run to place an image slider onto my website.  I was just looking back at this post to see if there had been other comments and realised what you were asking here.  That's not how web development stuff works - almost certainly those programs install spyware or viruses. Don't use the word 'free' in Google searches.
Other guides I've seen don't have the step with seating the bead with a tire lever, which is what makes the difference.  The official Stan's guide starts off with using soapy water, not as a resort if you have problems.
Bike 1: Has shiny paint to imitate more expensive bikes and is not as good quality as it looks. The price is high, but still cheaper than new.  Bike 2: This looks bad and like a kid's bike or for someone very short. It has smaller than normal wheels. How tall are you?  Bike 3: This has very shiny paint to imitate more expensive bikes, it is not a good bike to buy. Suspension is not cheap, cheap suspension is heavy and crap. Avoid bikes like this.  Suggestions:  http://cartagenadeindias.olx.com.co/bicicleta-rin-26-1-mes-de-uso-iid-809932379 - This is similar quality as bike 1 but for a fraction of the price. This would be a good deal anywhere.  http://cartagenadeindias.olx.com.co/bicicleta-todo-terreno-iid-813548765 - This bike would be great for riding around town if the GT is too small for you or has sold. It is old but it is a much better bike than it looks.
Did you forget to include a link to the bike in question?
To answer your question about the widest tires it can run, it's hard to say. There is no specification for the maximum tire width unfortunately. It depends on how much room there is around the brakes more than the tires with those kind of brakes. Usually with those brakes the widest you can run is 25mm.  I just looked up "Tektro R350 28mm" and there are reports of tires rubbing on the brakes with 28mm, so probably 25mm, which is barely worth swapping from the stock 23s - I have bikes I plan to swap to 25 but I'm waiting for the 23 tires to wear out first.  You could change the brakes to a different kind to get more clearance but it would be cheaper and better to get a cyclocross bike to begin with if you want to run fatter tires.  The primary difference between road and CX is that CX bikes are designed so they can take (and come with) fatter tires that are more suited to offroad.
Cowbells are 31.8mm only so you'd need a new stem and possibly aheadset converter (not sure how available 31.8mm clamp quill stems are). A lot of current bars are 31.8 only (but not the Nitto)
His mic/radio could have been set to auto transmit
Cool - this thread from yesterday in /r/bicycletouring may be of interest to you, someone else with an old Trek Singletrack wanting to convert it to drop bars for touring:   http://www.reddit.com/r/bicycletouring/comments/3bam48/nitto_dirt_drop_handlebars_rm013/
It doesn't stop recording automatically, or it never has done for me. How would it know you had finished your ride and not just stopped for lunch or something? There should be an obvious button to stop recording.
How much does it weigh?
I'm also interested in this - with MTBs there is noticably better grip and lower rolling resistance, but I think a lot of that's down to being able to use lightweight normal tires run at a low pressure. Thicker sidewalls on tubeless road tires would surely take some of that advantage away.   There was a survey post in here and a lot of people were saying they'd had no flats in several thousand miles
You could look at building your own wheels with a beefier rim/more spokes in the rear, or Chinese carbon may not be a bad option.
[This](http://ep1.pinkbike.org/p4pb5887352/p4pb5887352.jpg) is more like the size you want (using another GT outpost as example) - see how much lower the top of the seat tube is compared to the back wheel
In New Zealand this joke would work particularly well as beer and bear are pronounced the same.
Looks like a good route - though it's a shame you don't have a bit more time to see northern parts of the Island too. If you could stretch another week I'd highly recommend it. If you've got time planned in Christchurch to check out the city/recover from jetlag apart from this itinerary I'd cut that out in favour of more time on the road  A few things I would consider:  - Christchurch plains are not great cycling, especially if heading inland from the coast. I would see if it's possible to catch the bus with your bike to Geraldine or at least Ashburton. The Inland Scenic Route you would join at Mt. Somers is fairly pleasant (but could be skipped compared to what you'll be seeing elsewhere), but the ride to get to it uphill across the plains won't be pleasant. This would free up some extra time in your schedule and you could possibly look to make it to Tekapo on the first night (or have an easier day and stop in Fairlie).  - Your longest day in distance also has a 971m pass to climb over, and several of the days appear very tough to me considering the amount of climbing they will feature - you may be a lot fitter than me and used to stuff like that, but just thought I'd check you're not just looking at linear distance.  - Your route to Queenstown goes through the Kawarau Gorge which is considered quite dangerous - plan to ride outside of rush hour/not on a public holiday.  - Unless you are keen on the challenge of the Crown Range climb I might fly back to Wanaka from Milford Sound rather than Queenstown to again free up some extra time. The Crown Range is a great drive and would be a real achievement to climb, but the scenery isn't particularly spectacular by the standards of other things you will have seen.   - Hokitika is a nicer town to stop in for the night than Greymouth imo  - You could use the extra time saved for more rest days to check things out/go hiking, use it to carry on up the West Coast to Westport and fly back to chch from there (the road from Greymouth to Westport is amazing), climb Arthur's pass and catch the train from the top, take a side detour to the Jackson Bay or several other places, plenty of possibilities.
That should be enough time if you keep a good pace - you can always catch a bus/train/plane back to ChCh if you're running out of time.  I wouldn't recommend riding from Christchurch to Dunedin via the coast, it's one of the worst stretches of road in the country for cycle touring. Dunedin to Invercargill can be very nice if you take a scenic route through the Catlins, but if you're limited on time I might give anywhere south of Queenstown/Cromwell apart from Te Anau/Milford Sound a skip.  So my thoughts would be to keep your current route if heading south, get a bus if you can to Ashburton or Geraldine but at Greymouth instead of taking the train keep heading up the West Coast and then towards Nelson and then Picton (via Queen Charlotte Drive) and Blenheim if you have the time. Golden Bay via Motueka Valley and back via the coast is a fantastic side trip. Nelson area probably has the best network of cycle routes in the country. SH1 from Blenheim to Christchurch is not great for cycle touring though and I would bus or catch the train back (it's a very scenic train journey) unless you want to head up and over the gravel Molesworth Road towards Hanmer Springs (if you're in NZ when it's open).  Another option would be to go the other direction around and get a bus to Hanmer Springs or bus/train to Picton  and start from there, from Hanmer over the Lewis Pass to Westport, from Picton over Queen Charlotte Drive through the Marlborough sounds towards Nelson and then Westport (potentially via Hanmer Springs if you wanted to tackle the alpine gravel Rainbow Road) and head down the West Coast and do the rest of the way like your route but in reverse.  In general take a bus or train rather than ride along SH1/the East Coast (other than if it's just for a few km), and the same with the area around Christchurch.
Both are actually valid shortened forms, the full name is "hippedy dippity wickety cricketies, whippy whoppy wickety crickets"
Yeah or just get the bus/fly there from ChCh and start from there
