You don't lose your old license. Your key is still fine, don't worry 😊. You'll probably need to install fresh again though. No downgrading
Yup, but the Hospital still sends people without the fancy insurance the same bill though, so unless they are educated to ask for reduced pricing, the hospital will take it all if they pay it.
Calc3 seems ambiguous, are we talking Diff. q or Vector calc?  Both seem invaluable to me, depending on the field of programming you are going into...  Not sure why a school would not require it.  Keeps their graduates prepared for any direction to take in the programming world.
You could have a refresh rate of 288hz and it wouldn't make your game more smooth if your GPU couldn't output that.  The nice thing is  that super high refresh rates allow you to achieve things like 3D gaming and/or reduce motion blur.  These are things that even being able to run a game at 60fps is not enough.  So, where gsync/freesync shine is at lower FPS.  Screen tearing happens at low FPS.  It technically happens at high FPS too, but because high FPS is so high you don't really notice it.  At low FPS it is VERY obvious... so that is where gsync/freesync really shine.  It will not really be all that useful if you even have a moderately powerful system on older games and can pull 60+ FPS.  However, even the latest $500 video cards can't push the newest games like the Witcher 3 at 1440P or 4k at 60 FPS (for now lol), so for serious enthusiasts you really need this kind of adaptive sync monitor to get the smoothest experience as possible.  Anyway, it's one of those things you don't realize you needed until you have it.  I used to be stubborn, never really though screen tearing was all that bad, and then I was over my brother's house and saw how smooth his games were... it was weird not seeing the jitter, even on his weaker gaming system, but superior monitor.  I felt a strong revelation come over me and knew that I needed something like that.  So, I got myelf a Gsync monitor and never looked back.  I only have 1, in a 3 monitor setup (not for triple monitor gaming but for work purposes, I only game on the gsync monitor), but oh man is it just amazing...    Even better, Gsync as of the last Nvidia update a couple weeks back, now works in window'd mode (used to be fullscreen gaming only).  As a big multi-tasker this was critical to me.  I can't speak for freesync but tech seems similar.
In South Africa, or really anywhere in Africa, the wildlife reserves are called "game parks."  When referring to wildlife the common saying is "game."  It sounds like a hunting word to an American, but it is just the common saying everyone uses in the English spoken in SA.  So, "Game reserve" or "game park" or whatever.  These are fenced areas with wildlife that is not like a zoo, but basically many square miles of land fenced off for people to drive in and observe animals in their natural habitat. The largest park, Kruger National Park, is the largest game reserve in the world covering thousands of square miles of protected land.  Ideally, these are supposed to be poacher free lands, but sometimes they will cut the fences to get in, especially Kruger.  There ARE specific game parks built for hunters, but again, "game" is a universal word used to describe wildlife.
A great example of this is Starcraft 2 which will crank your gpu into the hundreds of fps just on the main menu screen and force your gpu to hit 100% output lol...
These kinds of questions are actually kind of fun so I'll try to hit your points lol.  Gaming rig is fine, probably aren't even bottlenecking that i7 at all with your gaming, just your GPU might be a little now.  First off, if you want your system to be able to do everything you said, you don't need something really powerful.  I assume you want something fanless because you want a "silent" HTPC, also powersaving?  You could do this with even the intel Celeron anniversary edition that is so hot right now lol.  But, be aware, that only supports 2x USB 3.0 slots if you have more Drives than that.  Again, go based by your needs.  Imo, as I have done the fanless thing, it is nice, but occasionally you hit like max-load on those CPUs, and unless you undervolt them, and deal with that hassle, sometimes they are not really worth it.  Just get a fan.  Almost all bios' or lots of fan software out there lets you customize your own fan profiles if you really want to, so just set low-fan speed.  Most fans will be completely noiseless at below 40% speed, and you could say, have zero fan speed, thus being fanless, unless CPU hits like 50C or something, and it boosts up to 20% on.  I think this is the best solution as it gives flexibility.  Fans take incredibly a small amount of power anyway.  Oh and the whole fire thing, modern CPUs "should" actually have safeguards in place now that actually auto-underclock and the CPUs and shuts them down if they get too hot to stop the risk of the old fire hazard issue lol.  You can easily play and stream locally a 1080P signal on something as weak as a raspberry pi machine.  This is not gonna be an issue for practically any device you run.  Integrated intel graphics are more than enough to handle a 1080P signal flawlessly.  A NAS also requires very little processing power.  Just remember a NAS just means, Network Attached Storage.  You can just throw in a bunch of Hard Drives (if you want, Raid them for one giant drive, but this has risks if you don't have an auto-backup system, as if one drive goes out, you lose the data on ALL drives), and then connect the system to your home network, allowing the folders to be "shared" between devices. Boom, it's that simple, all of a sudden you have a NAS.  Now, this is where operating system comes in to play, and imo, it seems like your only 2 real options here are either some Linux Distro or Windows.  Typically, if it was ONLY a NAS, you could install some really lightweight server program to manage the data, but since you want to have Steam on it AND you want it to be your media center AND you want it to be your NAS, you need something that can do all of the above.  Windows is kind of overkill, but it is also incredibly easy to use and get most of the programs up and running without issues or much tinkering to get all your drivers working right.  If you are comfortable with the command line, it's nice to go with Linux as you can just SSH into your system, but since you said you are looking to remote desktop to it, windows 8.1 I think has remote desktop built in (does win 7?).  Either way, Win 10 coming out for free soon if you have a win8 or 7 license, so ultimately win 10 does have such a feature.  You can also configure this specific OS to boot into say, Steam big picture mode for streaming or straight into XBMC or Plex, whilst keeping bigPicture Steam open in the background or something so you can easily swap back and forth.  Blu ray drive is interesting because unfortunately, you have to PAY to be able to watch Blu Ray movies.  They are licensed through Sony, and to get a fully movie playable BluRay player, you have to pay for the software to watch the movies and then use that software.  It's REALLY annoying, hence why I have forever ditched the blu-ray player for playing moviesand just rip all my movies Lossless quality, fully uncompressed with "MakeMKV" software (which is still currently Free while in Beta, yay!).  But of course, I have a Blu-Ray player because I need it so I can rip my BluRay movies! MakeMKV also strips all the annoying menus.  But again, I understand, as sometimes you grab a Redbox movie and want to pop it in as soon as you get home, not spend 20 minutes transcoding and ripping the disk and copying it to your server before watching it lol.  Blu Ray drives that also come with the license to play the movies aren't that pricey, often see em go on sale for like 50 or 60 bucks (I should say this includes the BD-RW, not just readers, but writers too).  So, just be aware, that you can do that, and again, it's no different than playing another 1080P signal and a Blu-ray player doesn't somehow cost a lot of CPU power, but you gotta use specific software that is licensed through Sony to play the official discs.  Even VLC won't play Sony Blu Ray movies.  Though, you can add some decoders that are out there, but it seems like Sony is updating the security every month on those discs and often these decoders are not up to date, so you will have a tough time with the newest stuff.  While Steam prefers devices capable of hardware decoding, feel at ease here because essentially everything decodes with hardware lol.  Think of it this way.  Since your PC is just streaming a video signal, and you are only giving it some input with say, the controller, it's not all that different than just streaming a 1080P video on youtube.  Ya, I am simplifying it a bit, but Steam streaming is really mostly just that.  All the work is done on your gaming PC.  The ONLY thing to really be concerned about it say, if you are using a Plex server, instead of XBMC, Plex does a lot of transcoding.  Whilst they do a lot of direct streaming, if the device supports it, it also will transcode files.  Plex is really cool because of how much compatibility it has with Linux, Apple, Windows, and pretty much all the smart phones and tablets out there.  It has apps for your smart TVs and everything.  This is really awesome.  So awesome in fact, that this past weekend, I was flying Jet Blue which has free wifi internet on board, that at 40,000 ft, I was streaming a movie from my home Plex server on my tablet. This would not have been possible with XBMC because it doesn't do transcoding.  It would have to buffer forever (remember I rip all my movies in 100% lossless quality, so 40GB Blu Ray movies might take a while to Buffer lol).  However, on the airplane, whilst it technically was high speed and free, it wasn't crazy high speed unless I wanted to pay 10 bucks an hr, so I just lowered my bit-rate and quality of the video to 2Mbps streaming, and it streamed my videos perfectly from home, whilst my wife, in the seat next to me, was also busy streaming on her own tablet her own video from our home server, whilst my brother was sitting in his room streaming a TV show at full quality to his house, since I shared my server with him.  However, now I have 3x signals being transcoded, and all of a sudden that intel Celeron might not be so great as my media server CPU, and that is why I use an i7 for my media server. This is where you need to determine your needs and for most people, this is complete overkill, as most people just don't need to decode so many simultaneous stream, and/or they don't even have the upload bandwidth to provide the streams anyway from their ISP.  Just know your needs and go in accordingly.  Imo, going with at least an i3 promotes the best user-happiness, and then only move up from there if you know you are going to need it.  My advice is that of someone not an expert, just an enthusiast, so I wouldn't take my advice as the end-all of advice in these regards, and it might be wortwhile to get multiple opinions.  I just find often people on this subreddit like to suggest the bare minimum for one's needs. And, while they work, I would rather lean more towards overkill than bare minimum, as it gives me room to expand in the future, and also, I love everything to be super snappy.  Just make sure you have your OS installed on an SSD... that's actually really important imo lol.  You don't need a dedicated GPU for what you intend to be doing.
Amazon also, 14.99
Omg, at 8:30, he seriously was getting teary eyed and emotional over his raw lamb chops lol...  It was one of the few times he stopped yelling and just seemed totally defeated! haha pure gold!
This is the first youtube video I laughed at today! Thank you! lol
Wow, is she the daughter of Julia in the show "Under the Dome" ???? Similar look!  [Rachelle Lefevre](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exXABLZf_9k)
Also, it is really annoying because of some episodes, you see some like twenty something kid getting praised by the boss for all this stuff (which honestly would be considered the norm in customer service for anything above an Applebees class of restaurant), and the boss is like "I am gonna pay for you to go to our special management school and get you on the fast track to being a manager!"  Then they are like "Awesome!" about as enthusiastically as one could expect a 25 yr old who probably doesn't want to work in that restaurant the rest of their lives.  There HAVE been some really good episodes with some really awesome bosses who really went above and beyond in helping... that fashion department store one in New York comes to mind.  But, there have been some really crappy ones.  It's really cringeworthy when you go from one episode where a boss is like "We are gonna give you $50,000, get you a car, and pay for your kids tuition while they are in college!"  Then the next episode the boss is like, "We know you are struggling, so we are gonna give you $2500 and promote you to a supervisor and you are gonna make $2.00 more per hour!"  I mean, yay, better than nothing, I can't complain.  Just saying that there is no consistency in what they are giving them and there is no consistency in the type of employees they decide to follow around and there is no consistency in anything.  I mean, some episodes it's like they give people a pat on the back for hard work and then the next episode they actually change someone's life.  Also, some bosses come across as really douchey.  There was one I remember where the boss got pissed within 5 minutes and revealed his identity just so he could yell at the manager and scream at the dishwasher because he was like "HOW DO I DO THIS!?" And, the other dishwasher was like, "You just do it man!"  I mean, to be fair the dishwasher was kind of being lame and refusing to help him, but I mean, it's a dishwasher and the OWNER/CEO couldn't figure out how to do the dishes without the dude telling him to grab a rag, wipe the plates and put it in the giant dishwasher?  The guy flipped out and nearly fired the other Dishwasher, ran to the manager of the store, revealed his identity, and was about to fire the manager over it.  It was CRINGE x 100.  TO make it even worse, at the end of it, as a "FAVOR" he was going to send the manager through special management training courses.  Though to his credit, he was definitely one of the more generous of the bosses to the other employees lol, so I am conflicted about him! haha Anyone remember which restaurant that was?
Long before day 1. People were saying this in the beta, and we all just kind of assumed Blizz around fix it before it went live. Now... I mean I guess they finally gave a way to skip the animations, but the default ui, lack of filtering, lack of anything still makes it stuck. I still have to click every stupid chest.
And, it does wonders for word-of-mouth advertising...
Let's get Holinka's official quote from an interview that is only 2 months old:  "People look at the human racial and call that an issue but ignore the benefits on other races. Ultimately could we do a better job at balancing racials? Yes, and we'll look at it going into next expansion."  In other words... No, they are not going to fix anything this expansion, thus WoD will be a total loss for PVP.  If you are a PVP'r you may as well unsub and see how things turn out next expansion.
How does anyone with that much money to do this crap have such a bad looking webpage?  Seriously, they could've paid someone 500 bucks to make a professional looking site over what they have here which is peanuts to what that sky-writing waste of money cost.
Except for that email the same day of the attack to Hillary's daughter, Chelsea, stating that it was known to be a terrorist attack, not an angry mob because of a youtube video.  She described the group as an [Al Qaeda like group](http://dailycaller.com/2015/10/22/hillary-told-daughter-chelsea-that-terrorists-were-behind-benghazi-attack-the-night-it-happened-video/) to her daughter, clearly revealing she knew this was a terrorist attack.  So no, I'd say the video was quickly made up to be the excuse to blame it on so they could deflect their own security failures.
It's funny this video even happened because after Hillary's comments, they were practically begging some terrorist group to make a video with Trump in it.  Then some terrorist group re-edits a video to include a short insert of Trump and people cheer to say, "See!"  People seem legitimately happy about this rather than the obvious insanity that if someone is going to join a terrorist group that beheads people and blows planes out of the sky with children on them, just because someone said something that offended them, they were always going to become a jihadist.  Trump comes out and says he's going to say what he has to say and not be intimidated by a terrorist group or the left telling him he needs to be nicer so we don't get attacked.  Why are people so happy about this?  Seriously, last week people were so depressed when it came out that Bill Clinton and Obama were used in terrorist recruiting tools and not Trump, but now that Trump is they are super happy in the media.  It shows the obvious bias here...
Except for trump too.
Except for Trump in New Hampshire, who is number one nationally and number one in NH, and about neck and neck with Cruz in Iowa... ?
Except Central and Southern Americans still are trying hardcore. Illegal immigration is not strictly an issue with Mexicans, and now that Mexico's manufacturing base is doing better and Mexico's economy is growing decently, of course Mexicans want to stay at their home and work rather than risk the alternative.  South and Central Americans trying to cross the border is seeing a rise. Mexico still represents the largest % trying to get here though, if you break it down by country.
The Republican party gets to vote on who they want for their leader to go in the general election.  In other words, before the election for the US President is ever held, there are a lot of people that want to be considered to be the "leader" of the Republicans/Democrats.  So, they go to each state and the people vote for who they want to represent them.  Each state gets a certain number of delegates based on the population of the Republicans in that state.  Whoever wins the most delegates at the end of all 50 states gets the *nomination* to run in the general election as the Republican party leader or Democrat party leader.  Now, the reason Iowa and New Hampshire are so important is that a lot of people don't pay that much attention to campaigns until the actual year of the election, which means, January and onward.  And, they just happen to be the first two states that set a *tone* on who might win.  Iowa, being the very first state, traditionally has been shown that whoever wins Iowa often gets on avg, a 7% boost in the subsequent states.  So, you might be down 5-10% in every other state, but you win Iowa, all of a sudden it's a whole new ball-game.  This is not always true of course, and Iowa typically is not a great indicator of who will necessarily win, but think of it this way.  Trump is very far in the lead.  If Trump wins Iowa he's pretty much going to run the whole table and win the nomination fairly easily.  However, if Cruz wins Iowa, this means South Carolina is going to become a bloodbath and New Hampshire.  Cruz will actually have a chance to take that state if he wins Iowa, and that could be very bad for Trump, as these are big states going into the so-called "Super Tuesday," where I think like 18 states have primary elections the same day.  Now, it's still Trump's election to lose, imo, but Iowa makes things a bit of a wild card because of the boost it gives to whoever wins it.  Iowa is also an annoying election because it pretty much goes to whoever can prove they are the best Christian, which ultimately pulls the whole process to the far right...
They've crunched the numbers on this by looking at polls and seeing "Who is your 2nd choice?" and it's basically come down to the *only* way Cruz even has a chance is if it drops to 3 people.  They've shown that if even the top 5 stay in, Trump is gonna sweep the table, with exception of maybe Iowa, Utah, and a couple other outlier states.  But, if everyone drops out but Trump, Rubio, and Cruz, then yes, it shows that Trump may lose his support.  Is that going to happen?  No...  We might get some people drop out, like Paul, but Kasich, Christie, Bush.  These guys aren't going anywhere at least til New Hampshire is over, where you might have Huckabee drop out.  But guess what, if he loses his 5 %, according to the polls, 3% goes to Trump, 2% goes to Cruz (roughly).  Now, who knows, polls change.  Unless of course, you're Trump.  He's consistently risen over the last 6 months and remain steady.  His latest Reuters poll had him up 3% this week over last.. the primaries start in 3 weeks.  So ya, it's Trump's election to lose at this point, imo.  But according to the data, it seems like no one really has a chance but a long-shot by Cruz right now, and the only way Rubio does is if every other candidate drops out.  Unlikely...
In case anyone was wondering... YES, the Trump campaign actually assists in the monetary costs of security for the cities and towns they attend so as not to be a financial burden for their police.  This residents of this city even asked for a full financial breakdown of the costs of the police assistance for crowd control and security and will be providing it once the even is over so as to see that they were no unfairly burdened with the cost of this large event (though I am sure the local eateries are not complaining lol).
For context everyone, this is a limited venue in a small town, with just over 1000 seating.  Compare that to his rallies earlier this week with 13k+ people and 10k and so on.  Supposedly over 6000 people RSVP'd to come to this lol.  Also, apparently many Bernie supports (under their own direction, not under Bernie's), have coalesced on social media to coordinate  buyout(free but limited supply) all the tickets and protest by not showing, which of course means many might actually go in and make a ruckus, like they try to do at almost every single Donald Rally.  So, this event Trump's people are being a bit proactive about countering Bernie's attempt to disrupt it.  And yes, you are right, people can just lie and say they are Trump supporters, but the catch is that if you look at other events, the protesters were often wearing Anti-Trump shirts, or Pro-Bernie shirts, or carrying anti-Trump posters.  They never stopped them before unless they decided to make noise.  So, ya, some people might just lie their way in, but a lot of people might show up in pro-Bernie clothes and get turned away.  That's all this  is saying is happening.
Well, apparently people are saying a lot of Bernie's followers on Social media suggested it but it never came from Bernie... according to these posts.  So I edited it to reflect that.
In case anyone wants to know, this really only affects Congressional seating, not the presidential/senate elections
TL;DR - Muslim woman wears a full-body sign (Her message was written on the front of her Muslim dress instead of a poster), and she is standing relatively close to behind Trump, stands up during his speech and refuses to sit down.  The *only* thing different from other protesters is she wasn't shouting, yet this article tries to make it seem like she was mainly rejected because she was Muslim.  Of course you're going to get kicked out if you disrupt the event, which she was doing.  You can't stand up while everyone else is sitting, and block people's view, at a private event, and expect not to get removed.  At least she was more tasteful in her protest though compared to those annoying as hell Bernie supporters in Vermont last night.
Let's see:  * College Town - CHECK * Bernie's #1 Most supportive Territory - CHECK * Protesters have almost exclusively been Bernie's previously -CHECK * Hundreds on social media had banded together and declared they were going to Disrupt his rally after getting in - CHECK  This was a very tiny venue, so why waste valuable seating for those that don't support you and a high chance they never will, considering the protest behavior.  They are generally welcome at all other Trump rallies as long as they are orderly.  Trump often gets 7.5k-10k-13k + people at his rallies several times per week.  They aren't barring anyone at the door of those.  This was exclusively a unique event and they were protecting themselves since the Bernie supporters on Facebook/Twitter, since Monday, had essentially declared war on Trump's rally.  The funny thing is how their local news station was out interviewing people that didn't get in and some of the college aged kids were like, "Man, they asked us if we were Trump supporters at the door and we said no, so they told us we couldn't get in. Man, we've been her for hours!"  Then, following up with, "Guess we won't get to yell at him after all..."
Trump never even ran last time, so how can he drop out?
Proof of vid please because I really doubt this.  I've seen all his interviews and he never says this.
Are we still not past the failed notion that Trump is just doing this for fun?  I thought we were past that theory...
The point is that you must have a really tough time differentiating when something is a joke.  You must've missed the part when he followed up by saying, "And tell them we'll mail it back in 2 weeks to them!"  Dude, lighten up, it was a joke.  They were rude at his rally, he makes them the butt of a joke, the audience laughs.  Obviously no one took their coats.
Lol, this makes the assumption that all technologies come from the same parent, and that because the US gov't standardized internet protocols they are essentially responsible for the billions/trillions made on the internet lol.  It assumes the private sector would not have just done it themselves if there wasn't already a standard.  This is like high school level logic here, and also, one of the most poorly laid-out webpage articles I have read.  It seemed like I was almost reading a spam website at first as I tried to figure out where the article was only to then realize that that was the article.
Or, just buy a baby monitor for 20 bucks and place it on your desk... You know, one of the 50 different brands that has visual LED fluctuation to indicate noise.
And that is what forums and debates are for, not political rallies, lest you'd get 100 people that won't let you give a speech...
This also does not include their discretionary funds for such things.... which is also a lot of money.
The Fed'a balance sheets are audited but not policy and decision making. This bill wants to audit the behavior of the fed, not just that the numbers all line up at the end of the day.
It's a pretty good read, for something coming from *The Guardian*, but also kind of ridiculous when she is like "They were a good host...and I had great political discussions with people like you would expect at any political rally," and then she ends with, "I guess the bullies and the thugs who were fixtures at other rallies had taken the day off."  Or, maybe it's just that the news media has created this false-narrative that all of Trump's supporters are a bunch of racist and bigoted people who hate Muslims and others.  I can respect her though.  She went with respect, didn't try to make a scene, and went away not necessarily as a convert to Donald Trump, but realizing the crowds weren't quite what had been described to her by the media, unlike the other Muslim earlier this week who was kicked out of a Trump rally.  That woman was actually tied to CAIR and a professional activist and professional protester who went to his rally and essentially called Trump Hitler, which you could say leads to some implications on what she thought of the people listening to Trump, contrary to whatever she says she was there to do.  This lady was actually peaceful.  So, good for her.
People know who she is. In reality, this is likely going to cost her. Trump is incredibly popular in her state, as in 15-20 point lead over anyone else. She basically was commissioned by the GOP establishment to attack Trump which was no different than the GOP throwing her to the wolves. It's possible you could see her lose her next election over this. Her loyalty to the party might be her undoing, especially in this anti-establishment year.Also, her rise to power was through the tea party. Her backing the establishment could likely discredit her to potential voters.
Not really. US was ready to recover our soldiers themselves and Iran decided to detain them. Many occasions has China and Russia come a little into our territory only to be advised of the infraction and at most, escorted back, as civilized nations do.  Iran decided to make it political and violated Geneva conventions in using footage and pictures of US soldiers on their knees at gunpoint for propaganda purposes, and then aired video of them locked up.  In reality, this never happens ever with any other nation because it's ridiculous. You offer assistance. Hell, even in the Cold War there were plenty of occasions the US encountered troubled Russian vessels and didn't just detain them all. They offered assistance until Russia could get another ship there to retrieve them.
Should probably be in /r/funny, not here.
Look, I get what you are saying, but he said he had just gotten past secret service and had been in barely 1 min.  What happened is this: He gets through the first barrier, the security checkpoint, then he actually meets the people running the campaign event and they say, "Sorry, you can't come in" and then made him leave.  He was not setup, he had not found seating, he had not joined up with the other journalists... he didn't get past the 2nd barrier.  The most-likely reason is because he was late to the event and Trump was already speaking and it would be disruptive to have people coming and going in such a small venue.  I mean seriously, this was a pizza joint.  Was he denied entry earlier in the day at the other event?  No.  He had no issues getting into that.  Of course, that event he was on-time.  That event was also a small event with only room for about 250 people.  Larger venues you could probably get away with moving people in, but this is a small restaurant.  He even tried to deflect this argument that would be used against him by trying to say it wasn't his fault he was late because the stop was unannounced.
Whoever commented already, you're shadowbanned, just fyi.
Car dealerships are more cars per month than day, but ya, with a car Dealership, you likely are getting a commission on each sale.  Best Buy is asking for revenue per hour just so you can maintain your 9 bucks per hr.  Whether you are 10k per hour and the other person is 2k per hour, you'll both be making the same.
And Trump has spent like 2 million in video ads lol.
Well, not an official Trump ad.  Someone made a fan-made ad and it was essentially retweeted in support of Trump, or you can say, reposted on Trump's Facebook page.  If people think this is what's going to stump Trump... I doubt it.  Also, it's just stock footage.  The message was conveyed fairly well.  I doubt 99% of the people that watch this 40 sec. ad with veterans are going to notice the 3 seconds it shows a chest shot of Russian veterans.  Basically they took Trump making one of his Instagram video statements of the veterans and then spliced in video of veterans.  You can see the full ad [HERE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SR1kSCioovg)
Is this the same Whoopi who gave an impassioned speech to Rand Paul about how Fully automatic machine guns should be banned, and then Rand Paul goes, "Well, they are already banned," and then proceeded to explain the difference between semi-auto and automatic, and then immediately after explaining it to her in a way a 3rd grader would understand, she once again says, "No American needs a fully automatic machine gun!" clearly having ignored everything Rand Paul stated.  That Whoopi?  I won't be sad.  Too bad, I liked her better in Star Trek the Next Generation with her couple of appearances.
TL;DR - The keynote speaker is anti-Trump, and the hosts are anti-Trump, and supposedly it's going to be an 8 man anti-Trump orgy (though interestingly Christ Christi said he has no plans to attack Trump... aiming for VP now maybe?).  So, Trump, with a 20 point lead in New Hampshire, decides he'd skip the hate fest and instead campaign in Iowa where it's a little tighter.  The funny thing is several of the candidates are expressing how it's not fair Trump is doing as well in NH because they have spent more time in the state than him and because he hasn't dedicated as much time, he doesn't deserve the lead he has... Seriously...
Wow, that is actually kind of amazing the views that site is getting.  I mean, I had heard Drudge was popular among conservatives, but averaging nearly 20 million *UNIQUE* hits per month, as in new readers, with nearly 8 billion views over the last year?  That is some crazy high stats.  Wow.
