I honestly don't get the joke.
I remember something about how she wanted to try for a role on Becker. Which in her defense she was on like 7 seasons of when I think that season when she left was the last one. I can understand the decision. They should have just killed off Dax altogether.
Ah, ok, interesting. I mean, he is a tailor after all, he's already half way there lol. I thought it was going to be about Bashir and that time he and Obrian were talking about how much they liked each other and how Obrian likes Bashir more than Keiko.
They spoil Raw every week as well.
&gt;There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me...you can't get fooled again.  -/u/SuperkickParty
The left hand never shows up.
Good Lord. Has the cape always had spots or is his the first one to use them?
I was looking it up and found that it either is/was used to represent Ermine tails, which were apparantly super expensive and thus kingly.
Muradin was allied with the Paladins, which were Alliance at that point, before he was killed by Arthas after he was consumed by the sword of the Lich King. So I'm thinking it's just a new hero card. Did Muradin reappear in Wow? I never played it.
Oh Jesus fucking Christ.
There entire streaming service is on Game Of Thrones back. I'm not saying if that's good or bad, it just is.
Have you watched any of the "30 for 30" ESPN documentaries? They cover a wide range of topics, each one has a different director. They're pretty cool.
Maybe in like 20 years ESPN and Netflix will do a "60 for 60" documentary and one will be about Vince struggling to hide his condition from everyone
&gt;Edit: Just saw the other 700 Summer comments  FTFY
I thought that was the hint since Pratt runs with the raptors in the commercials. They have been domesticated, perhaps only the raptors.
Every move he makes is counteracting the gyros. That thing is fighting like hell to keep him on, but he is instinctively pushing the handles back forward because the counteracting force makes him feel like he's falling backward. If he just stopped moving or lean forward he'd be fine, but he's stopping the lean because he doesn't trust that it won't tip over. Trust the machine!
Tornado's create alot of wind. I mean, I'm not a scientist but it's the same reason a boat won't sail through a hurricane.
Found Kripparians account guys.
It's on like 90% of paper cups in existence.
I thought she was gonna go get the other dragons to help
I'm pretty sure you can complain all you want, it's just how you do it. Also most of those places have you sign a Social Media policy upon hiring, which would then definitely make it possible. Without that though I'm not sure how easy it would be.
Also the Daily Show live comes on at 11pm, 3 hours after SmackDown, and it's on 4 days a week.
Wait. What do you mean "the person who plays the music"?? All the wrestlers have a unique electronic sensor in their boots that triggers the music when they reach the entryway.
Giuchie, Giuchie, ya ya dada
No. Come on guys, let's bring this baby to the top!
Because if she had then Stannis wouldn't have decided to kill his daughter, and I'm sure she wanted that to happen. If he's weaker mentally then she has more power over him.
The Unsullied strength lies in numbers and their inability to feel pain and emotion. Grey Worm was a special case. Fighting in an actual battle and fighting urban guerilla style are two different things. Their main weapon is a spear, it's best used in combat in groups, not 1 spear vs 5 people with daggers.  The writers/directors *do* appear to be trying to maintain their reputation. They are always in small groups when they get destroyed. Look at the end of the episode where they were actually in a loose formation. They were offing those attackers like it was nothing.  Also, they got their ass kicked in the arena because of piss poor planning. Dany had like what, 3 or 4 guards in a crowd of thousands? She's fucking delusional.
Who is whatshername?
What does she have to do with Stannis though? Or are you talking about that little brat princess? I thought she was an incest-baby.
The 49th state kind. It's actually pretty common but obviously huge cities don't spring up around places with 3 weeks of daylight, or the opposite if it's winter, 3 weeks of dark, the sun won't rise.
But...if she does kill him it will be ***shocking***  &gt;finale guys fuck yeah we kept up expectations by totally swerving EVERYONE in episode 9. So uhh...what now?   &gt;&gt;Inside the Writers Room, tonight, on AMC
There are book spoils at the bottom with no warning guys, be careful.
North America, however the phenomenon can occur anywhere in the polar circles. Alaska is just what most people think of when it's brought up.   Edit: I thought this was a reply to a comment I made about Game Of Thrones haha
Not the bottom of OPs post, which I thoroughly enjoyed. I was referring to the bottom of the comment list, at least if you sort by New and not Top.  Edit: I reported it and it's been deleted. The mods are quick on this sub.
No, considering I don't know what that is.
The woman who looked like Dany in the whorehouse when Ty was trying to sleep with the whore and couldn't bring himself to do it.
He played his character from Starship Troopers in Stargate: Universe.
Rich Catholic donors in her geographic area lobby for Sainthood.
One season miniseries
They were also missing that reverb yell (Hyah-yah-yah-a-a-a) they used ten times an episode the first season of Spartacus.
*We* aren't, tumblr is.
Well, they are both characters made up by humans.
I don't understand what you're saying happened.
Any lifting move done on Show gets huge pops, I'm sure that helped. But... I have to say I am surprised at how big that reaction was.
Oh hahaha SHIT
Well Iraq and Vietnam for two.
I know lol. I was saying like I don't see how it can be shoehorned into one more (the final) season.
That was yesterday...
Lmao Jesus. What's the story behind this? What's the significance of parking spot #22?
Wtf lmao
