Should've broken from the gun in the road race, too! :-D
Oh, thank you for the clarification. I meant IBR in every instance (since I never qualified for ICR - I think they phased it out before I got to it).
Good advice, all.  Make sure your bike is more or less comfortable. If you're dead fatigued by mile 50, or your back hurts, or your butt can't tolerate it, you need to make equipment changes.  On the other hand, if you're totally fine but just tired, you're quite blessed. :D  Also, check the bike about three weeks beforehand. Does it desperately need a tuneup? If yes, *get it done a couple of weeks before*. Things can still go wrong, even if you pay someone to do it for you. It'd be better they go wrong two weeks out than day of.
Yes, the Capital One secured Mastercard does build credit. That means that they report two important pieces of information to the credit agencies: your statement balance and whether or not you're paying "as agreed". That is a 'positive report' on your credit.  The reason they say to 'buy a tank of gas' and 'pay it off in full every month' is because those two behaviors produce the best credit trail. The tank of gas is to keep you utilization under 10%, which Credit Karma reports is best for your score. In fact, my original limit was $200, so I had to buy less than a tank of gas or I would lose 5 points because my utilization was &gt; 10%.  As mentioned above, I used a very, very similar secured card from the same creditor. Mine had a $29 annual fee, and it looks like this one has no annual fee.
What if I told you that you could read the book on your own? ;)
I am unsure what your approval odds will be for any card with no credit.  Many companies offer a student card. They usually have no annual fee and a limited credit limit, but are much easier to get. There is a university-affiliated credit union in my area that is quite popular and is very generous with their cards.  If neither of those options work out, you might consider a secured credit card. The one I find myself talking about lately is [this one](https://www.capitalone.com/credit-cards/secured-mastercard/). It has no annual fee. You don't earn rewards, but it reports to all three agencies. As always, the normal rules apply: buy a single tank of gas or something like that to keep your utilization below 10%, and pay it off every month.  Please read the sidebar on Credit to talk about building credit. Remember that things like paying utilities and cell phone bills go on your credit, so *pay them on time*, even if your roommates don't pay you on time.
Whew. Jumping all in, huh? What is your event as a swimmer?  Since you seem committed, I'll tell you the secret that takes everyone years to learn. The goal of a bike race is **not** to go as fast as possible. It is to cross the line first. Those two things are not the same.  Your race is a crit. There are many ways to win a crit, none of which are easy: -Solo away (simply ride faster than the other 39 riders combined) -win the group sprint -make a ballsy solo move with (x) to go (usually one lap to go) -stay out of the wind for the entire race and get lucky somehow  Your method should depend on your strengths as a cyclist, which are probably the same as your strengths as a swimmer. If you were a swimmer sprinter, then you could probably do a long sprint without a leadout and be okay. If you were a miler and you're willing to crush yourself, you might have the aerobic to solo (but that also requires luck, balls, genetic talent, and some extreme bike handling skills to corner like a boss).  You may not win this crit, but it's a good intro into the sport. Read all you can, including: http://303cycling.com/5-golden-rules-to-criterium-racing  Since you have a stages, you should read The Cyclists Training Bible and Training and Racing With a Power Meter, both of which are about $15 on amazon.  Threshold is power for an hour (important for repeated efforts). VO2 is how hard you can breathe (important for maximal efforts of any length, but mostly 0 - 5 min) w/kg is usually a measure of threshold power. That's your ability to time trial. Your w/kg will be moderately high but not great because you have a lot of upper body muscle.
'sonder' - the realization that each passerby has a life as vivid as your own.
Around here, there is a blister button under the passenger side (hah) light. Driver gets off the bus and closes the door behind him.
Cover letters. Explain why you don't have the relevant experience on *paper* but you definitely do because apples and oranges are both fruit.
Don't forget that organic is marketed as not having pesticides. Organic farming [does use pesticides](https://www.geneticliteracyproject.org/2015/03/20/myth-busting-are-synthetic-pesticides-used-with-some-gmos-more-dangerous-than-natural-ones/), and they are frequently just as dangerous or more dangerous than conventional pesticides. In fact, many of the pesticides aren't engineered to break down quickly, so we ingest a higher percentage of the pesticides applied. [more](http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/science-sushi/httpblogsscientificamericancomscience-sushi20110718mythbusting-101-organic-farming-conventional-agriculture/).  But really, #3 should be the only argument that matters, once the fact that organic foods are no safer [has been confirmed](http://med.stanford.edu/news/all-news/2012/09/little-evidence-of-health-benefits-from-organic-foods-study-finds.html), repeatedly.  Organic food has no health benefits and requires more resources to produce. In some cases, it produces a quarter of the crop using the same amount of water, land, and time as conventional crops. In other cases, such as the papaya and Star Ruby grapefruit [both of which can be grown 'organically'], the actual organism is genetically modified [in the case of the grapefruit, it was fucking *[intentionally irradiated](http://aggie-horticulture.tamu.edu/citrus/grapefruit.htm)* until they found a variety that worked].
I don't know how reliable this source is, but: http://www.employmentlawhandbook.com/wage-payment-laws/state-wage-payment-laws/florida/#9  Florida does't have any laws preventing employers from withholding pay based on mistakes.
Get cubicle mate to do them with you.
I would normally recommend wide rims (Hed Ardennes or Belgiums), but their benefits aren't really realized on a time trial bike.  Frankly, something like a Ksyrium or Aksium would be plenty fine on the TT bike. They're basically on firesale on Craigslist or even gray market because everybody wants wide rims.
Thank you for the clarification! This is why you guys are here!
Nope, it had literally all moved over to facebook by the time that happened.
Well, you saw what happened with the Jar Jar = Sith fan theory. Basically happened.
There would be, except they don't use computers because the Lizard Overlords can tap you communications. Duh.
Online isn't the worst case, especially with an IT position. I'm sure you've thought of that, but just ensure it's not a for-profit school. There are a couple of state schools I know of that have very high quality online programs (MBAs, MS, and BS-CompSci come to mind).
/r/legaladvice.  I doubt there will be. Tell your roommate that you will both lose your deposit if he doesn't do a better job cleaning? Or, even better, explain to your landlord that you and your roommate had an agreement that you would each clean your respective spaces, and have the landlord take the money to clean it out of his portion of the deposit?  Joint and several likely means you'd just be better off cleaning up his crap. Or, guilt trip him into it. Your call.
Wow, jeeze, put an NSFW tag on those photos, they're so hot. :-D
They do throughout the entirety of the US. Chiropractors are licensed and insured as a medical professional.
Please note that MB and Mb are different units.  MB is megabyte, as in 1024 kb. Mb is megabit, as in 128 kb. So 15 MB is 8x as fast as 15 Mb is 10x as fast as 1.5 Mb.  15 MB, or 120 Mb, is very fast, but not crazy fast.   OP, please also note that many companies advertise UP TO xx speed. Comcast has since stopped, as they got in trouble for advertising UP TO 100 Mbps when they were really supplying 50 Mbps with a once-per-10-minutes 10-second bump to 100 Mb.
On reddit, two returns displays as a carriage return (white space).  Good luck in your search. File for unemployment and report them to the labor board. Stay in contact with that deputy.
&gt; unless she pays him  Unless she pays him *what*? An arbitrary sum of money? Past due wages? That seems to be the crux.  INAL. Sorry for no more info.
Oh man. It's a reminder of how horrible the crucifixion actually was.  The nails were [probably through Christ's wrists](http://www.catholicplanet.com/articles/article16.htm) (I know that's a biased article) instead of his hands. That's just how crucifixion works. Same thing with his ankles instead of his feet. The bones aren't really very good at bearing weight, but the tendons through your ankles and wrists? Super strong.  Similarly, to speed up the process, victims would be speared in the ribs. It would collapse a lung. Because of their posture, they would have to pull themselves upwards (by their wrists and ankles) to help breathe, or they would suffocate.  To stop this, Romans would then [break your legs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crucifixion). Ultimately, on the cross, you died of *suffocation* well before you died of anything else. Generally, the whole process was pretty miserable.
My understanding is that a crucifix is a image of the cross, with or without Jesus on it?
If you're Orthodox, same thing, except the cross also includes a couple of signs. One [above his head](http://biblehub.com/matthew/27-37.htm) that said, "Here is Jesus, King of the Jews (Matthew 27:37)" or "Jesus of Nazareth, King of the Jews (John 19:19)."   Often abbreviated as INRI: "Iesus Nazarenus Rex Iudaeorum".  Interesting how Catholics can make this boring.
Similar things have been said [about Christmas Day](http://www.history.com/topics/christmas/history-of-christmas). The Bible reports that it was [probably during the spring](http://www.biblicalarchaeology.org/daily/biblical-topics/new-testament/how-december-25-became-christmas/) because shepherds were tending their flocks, so it's pretty common to believe that the Dec 25th date grew out of coincidence with solstice.
Oh no. That's actually one of the more reasonable things that Paypal does. They are notorious for siding with customers (scammers) in eBay disputes. For example, someone buys a computer and pays for it via Paypal. You ship them the computer. They receive it, dispute it, ebay/paypal yanks the money from your BANK ACCOUNT and refunds it to the scammer. Scammer ships back a cement block with tracking. They literally just stole your computer, and paypal's arbitration clause means you have zero recourse. None. Zero. Zip. You can have a [police officer offer an affidavit that they didn't ship it back](http://www.aboutpaypal.org/affidavits-police-paypal-sides-scammer/) and paypal will still side with the scammers.
(US only): Obviously, the time is passed, but DEPARTMENT OF LABOR! They'll owe you damages for every day you don't have a check in your hand.
Technically illegal if they lay someone off first.  They get around this by saying that the international citizen is performing services that the prior employee couldn't do. That could be saying, "Oh, the Indian rep does tech support AND knows Java," they provide a service that the prior employee did not. Therefore, legal.  Yeah, big companies are frequently on the top of the shady-AF list.
I didn't know that! Have an upvote.
Jesus. $12,000 security deposit. o.0  Keep talking to that lawyer. This is way too complex for online advice, and the amount likely disqualifies it from small claims court.  If the house is unlivable due to construction, you might be able to get out of the lease with no penalty.
I have heard this as well.
Great deal. As has been mentioned, the Allez is one of the best bikes for the money.  Most modern saddles are designed to sit flat. I would recommend a set of bicycling shorts with pads (chamois) and maybe some chamois lube (Chamois Butter, Butt Butt'r, etc). If you don't want to look like a roadie (totally kosher), buy a pair of 'baggies'. They have spandex with a pair of shorts underneath.  See you out on the roads.
Depending on the race, the women would be asked to exit the race with 5 to go (crit). If it was a small crit or the ref knew the racer (one of our gals was very, very high level) he would simply instruct her to stay out of the way and she would.
Because it's slower on tarmac.  Pavement either has traction or it doesn't. Roadies race on slicks, not knobbies. Digging in the knobs doesn't help a roadie corner.  A pro-level roadie will be cornering absolutely as hard as physics allows. That's why they low-side if they mis-read anything about the corner.
Does a bank keep records for eight years?  Yes. Yes absolutely they do.  If you must use SunTrust, go in and inquire about the balance on your old account. It's probably closed and 'written off' (as a loss). I doubt they will do business with you anymore.  It's worth a shot, but you might need to look at someone besides SunTrust.
Medication could have been anesthesia or something.  Also, dispute the validity of the debt. The collection agency will show you whatever paperwork they have. If they don't have solid paperwork, they legally have to stop contacting you. That paperwork should include Date of Service and details. From there, you can take it up with the dentist.
&gt; Buy a monocle  Definitely *do not* skip that step.  Just so it's not a snarky post, the wiki applies to OP, but not the first few steps. You've already completed those. The next steps are to be saving for retirement and any other major purchases, such as a house. As mentioned, max your 401(k) and start looking for other tax-advantaged ways to save for retirement. 401(k)s, Roth IRAs, Backdoor IRAs. You'll need to get good at them.  Most people spend decades trying to get where you are now. Congrats (hence the monocle joke). Keep fighting the good fight.
Spend your time figuring out *why* they have your money on lockdown. Normally, it's because of questionable transactions - withdrawing money immediately, transferring to questionable bank accounts, stuff like that. WHY are they not letting you access your money?
&gt; Can 2 different fico scores really be 87 points apart?  Yes. First off, there are 9 different versions of the FICO score. The newest one, FICO9, gives less emphasis to delinquent medical debt. It also weighs delinquent but paid off accounts better than delinquent and unpaid accounts.  Secondly, many times, it's not a real FICO score. I *believe* the Discover is a real FICO, which up to this point had been paid service, or bundled as a cardholder perk.  Finally, there are three different credit companies that keep track of your information: Equifax, Transunion, and Experian. If you had a negative remarked reported to one but not another, it would show up on some services but not others. You can pull a hard copy of your report from each of the three services and see if you do, or you can use Credit Karma to get a soft pull and get TU and Equifax right there. Credit Karma will alert you if you have negative marks.  Finally, practical advice. You opened a new credit card (hard inquiry) and you probably reported a balance on that card. Both of those things could negatively impact a new credit score. A new credit score (a thin file) would be the only way that you're going to experience an 87-point drop in three weeks.  Finally, you're simply watching it too closely. Make sure there's nothing on there you didn't know about. If there are negatives, work to get them removed. From there, pay your credit card on time, in full every month. The score will come, and will only get better as you pay off loans.
Second question first. Nope, charging more doesn't improve your credit score faster. Using &lt;10% will keep your score as high as possible. High utilization could cause your score to drop temporarily.  3.75% is low enough that it might not be worth paying off too quickly. If you're confident that you can get a better return somewhere else, take your money somewhere else. If you have the money, it might be worth paying up to 22% or whatever the number is so your PMI comes off. Past that, money is general better off somewhere else.
The same way you pay off any debt - highest interest rate first. Take all of the extra money you can spare and throw it at this debt. Read the [Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) for a rundown, but make sure your retirement contributions are getting the max contributions, make sure you have an emergency fund, and then throw all your spare pennies at the debt.  The subsidized loans are likely below 5%. Once you get through the unsub, you may be better off investing that money somewhere else rather than paying down loans below 5%. That somewhere else may be the market by maxing your 401(k) contributions or whatever other financial goals you are pursing.
There is only one pitfall and trap for a credit card: paying interest.  The APR doesn't matter because you will be paying everything off before it earns interest. You will pay your card off, in full, every month. If you can't afford to do that, don't use the card. Interest, even if only 20.24% (some cards have 25%), will bury you faster than you could possibly comprehend.  One option is to charge everything to the card and then pay it off throughout the month so it doesn't report high utilization and so you don't get behind.  Other than that, just pay at least your minimum (if you haven't gathered, pay the balance in full) every month and your credit will improve.  Don't worry about increases - may take six months, and it only helps your score a little bit.
Forgive me if I'm misunderstanding the question, but isn't that how home ownership works? If you buy a new house, the buyer ('s bank) gives you the money for the loan, which goes straight to your bank cutting you a bigger check for the next house?
The [Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) has some good information.  0) Figure out what you owe and to whom. There are a TON of fees and costs and everything else. Find them all, keep track of them, and make sure they get paid.  1) Get a secured credit card. You put down $200 or so to get a $200 credit limit. Capital One Secured Mastercard and Discover It secured both have no annual fee, so you can leave it open for a while. Buy one small thing a month and set it to autopay. Your credit doesn't improve faster by spending more money. Never carry a balance, because then you'll owe 23% APR interest.  2) Spend as little as possible. I like the expression I saw on the front page today: Don't spend and save what's left over; save first and spend what's left over. Get those bills paid at the beginning of the month and try to save enough that you have a 3-month emergency fund. It's going to be really daunting at first, especially trying to get back on your feet, but after living paycheck to paycheck for 7 years, I can tell you it's wonderful to *know* that you will be able to pay rent, regardless of this or that.  3) See #1.  4) Don't get a fancy phone. Don't own a car if you can avoid it. Get onboard with Mint or YNAB (You Need a Budget), which track your spending and put it in little graphs. If you can't have a phone yet, paper is better because you have to write down every little transaction and you see how much you're actually spending. Cook meals at home. Get into cheap hobbies (running, hiking, videogames, all very cheap after initial investment).  5) I'm not sure if your community offers scholarships or programs, but I would bet they do. Start off at a community college, which is about a third the cost per semester of a state school. More on that later. Apply for scholarships - ex con going straight makes a hellova personal statement. Depending on your convictions and history, you might not get federal aid and some universities won't take you.  6) If Applebee's has a 401(k), contribute enough to get their match. For example, my company offers a 50% match up to 4% of my salary. I contribute 8%, they contribute 4%, I get free money.  7) Steady jobs are really the best. Construction and such if you're skilled, stores if you're not. Check out Craigslist "Gigs" and see if you have any skills that are useful. Remember those are 1099 "Independent Contractor" so you have to pay tax at the end of the year on gigs / non W-2.  8) Avoid it if you can. Save up as much as you can, preferably several grand. Throw that at a dependable car with few miles. If you can own it outright, you save yourself TONS of money on payments. Makes it way easier to get on top of things.  Good luck. Keep your head up. It DOES get easier, and you do go forward. I know the process and I promise you that once you get past all the red tape and get it behind you, you're good.
Tell him the truth: your apartment may not accept him if his credit history is poor.  Yes, the missed payments would have hurt BIL. In fact, they probably hurt him more than they hurt his dad, since his dad probably has an established credit history.  Missing a car payment isn't the end of the world, and it may only show if he missed several. Check Credit Karma.com and see how they reported to BIL's credit.
Keep in mind there are three credit reports - Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion each maintain separate credit histories.  Your dad can sign up for Credit Karma and monitor two of them with only soft pulls.  If there's nothing on any of them, the debt collector has no right to contact you. Send them, in certified writing, a letter demanding they cease contact. If they don't, and continue to contact you, that is a violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, which carries a penalty of $1,000 per infringement. You can record them (California is a two party consent state - you must state that they are being recorded, or it is illegal, even if it's a recording calling you).  After that, figure out who is trying to collect, and sue them into the ground. Judges don't like this sort of shenanigans and you have nothing to lose, assuming this debt is actually as old as you think.
