He's on HBO. He can do whatever the hell he wants.
Aren't A and B the same thing?
It's like if someone asked the chef to take the best steak they have and turn it into a hamburger.
Trucks will still move cargo across the country, but for the most part they'll drive themselves. An autonomous truck can drive longer hours with fewer accidents and increased fuel efficiency.
The Giants are the closest thing to a dynasty in the past 10 years, yes, but just a few years before that the Yankees won in '96, '98, '99, and '00, with appearances in '01 and '03 too.
Just to add the years: founded '72, won ' 80-'83.
And embellished last night on the high stick!
https://warosu.org/data/ck/img/0054/34/1400084863723.jpg
If you set up your own foundation, then yes, there are ways to recuperate some of the costs, but it's still very difficult to actually come out ahead financially. Those things are also illegal, by the way (since you are obligated to report the kickbacks as income, though you might get away with it if you aren't audited).  If you're just donating to an already-established charity, you absolutely do not come out ahead financially. Donating $100k will only reduce your taxable income by that amount, so you won't profit from it.
You said (emphasis mine):  &gt;The IRS allows tax deductible donations. **That's what this charity is. A tax strategy** with the side effect of helping her career. Also happens to help people.  Even when you say it "benefits her financially" you're still wrong, unless you mean in some indirect way in which her charitable giving convinces people to buy her products and thereby makes her money, but you clearly distinguish the financial benefits from her career so that's not what you mean.
That is completely wrong. All Uber drivers go through a background check - in fact, if you'd ever used it you would know that there's a $1 fee on every ride that pays for the background checks and training sessions for drivers.
"Hello sir, it seems to me that you are doing something that greatly inconveniences several people. Surely you've already noticed this because we've honked at you, but I am obliged to inform you personally that we disapprove of what you're doing. No, we can't actually stop you or punish you in any way, but could you please not do this thing? Oh, you'd rather keep doing it? Well okay then, I guess I'll try to think of a prank to pull on you to get my revenge vigilante-style."
I guess I haven't followed him since the draft, but isn't he one of the best goaltending prospects out there?
&gt; During Graduation, Sulkowicz carried her mattress on stage, receiving some boos and a standing ovation from others, while mysteriously several posters emerged on campus that call her a "Pretty Little Liar".  Are there any videos of this?
Lincoln or Jefferson?
1) He [suspended the writ of habeas corpus](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habeas_Corpus_Suspension_Act_1863), which requires that a person accused of a crime be brought before a judge to decide if there's sufficient reason to keep that person in jail. That led to [Ex Parte Merryman](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ex_parte_Merryman), an important Supreme Court case that said Lincoln acted unconstitutionally.  2) Lincoln also tried to have people tried in military tribunals instead of civilian courts, leading to another famous case: [Ex Parte Milligan](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ex_parte_Milligan), which established that the president can't do that as long as civilian courts are still operational (even in war time).
Didn't it just die yesterday?
Even with Alfredsson taking a slapshot at Niedermayer?
Yeah but then you're leasing a car...
You can buy almost literally anything in a Walmart or Target - they overlap very closely, with Walmart having a slightly larger selection but Target perceived to have slightly better quality (their stores were designed by a guy from Apple, Ron Johnson, who designed Apple stores).
You can't be serious...
&gt; have to remember these are just rumors, but most likely true.  /r/FindBostonBombers strikes again! We did it, Reddit!
Yes, but the Supreme Court said in *Merryman* that only Congress can suspend it.
Actually, plenty of people have opinions on the guys that make some great toilet paper - the Kochs make either Quilted Northern or Charmin, I forget which.
It's four in four.
Can I blow both your minds for a second? Giant and Stop-and-Shop are the same company! I also think they own PeaPod.
Thanks, I didn't see that.
That's not even close to true. Plenty of times I've tried to decide between a couple of different restaurants and I'll check their websites to find menus to compare.
How would you be able to take advantage of this?
Your scoreboard might be the oldest in the league, but only because the Coliseum just closed...
Start of the third.
I mean, you guys got into two...
TIL the Buffalo Bills had a dynasty twenty years ago.
Not sure if serious...
And before that, not since Hitler.
Since when is Gilgo Beach "out east"?
Amen to that.
763.
How's that even possible? How did they take out loans in his name?
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/superstorm-sandy-more-than-7-million-without-power/
Jeb said this too, when he moved the one in the Florida state capitol.
That was season 6.
Add up to $240k for college.
Elaine does think it's a big deal though because they didn't even do a wipe down. If they had done a wipe down, then Elaine would be okay with it. This conversation would need to be a little longer (Elaine saying "I could see a wipe down, but not doing anything at all?!" to which Jerry should respond "What do you mean, you could see a wipe down?! What's that gonna do, spread the dirt around?"). Then they're ganging up on Elaine about the acceptability of wipe downs before she says" Alright well anyway, George, we can all agree there's something wrong with this woman." George replies: "Yeah, and apparently she's not the only one."   In bursts Kramer with something irrelevant.
Is it just me or do their elbows look really weird? And so do their faces, actually.
They could still insist on compensation though, right? The Islanders had to pay the Rangers for the right to exist because the Islanders would be eating into what had been Rangers territory.
It was initially just for New Year's, but they've either brought it back or extended it (not sure if it ever went away).
I mean, I might as well...
The absurdly low salaries extend for the first 7 years of a player's career, with ELCs and RFA status.
[Apparently it's a science-fiction novel reference.](http://www.tor.com/2015/01/23/elon-musk-iain-m-banks-just-read-the-instructions/)
