Uh well maybe it was cold and he was trying to keep warm? I don't see how keys in the ignition are a guarantee that this guy was driving.
Yeah, that's why he thought it was GTA.........
Cool!!
God and every single comment was the same. "Omg this AMA is the best!!1!"
It's actually 2 four year olds standing on top of one another  in an 8 year old body suit
Ok so his mom then
Ok
Ah it's always the dumbest shit that makes me laugh the most
Yeah they used to deliver by mail. I mean they still do, but they used to as well.
7 faces 2 loudspeakers
seating sections of a church?
Does anybody have the original of this? Can't seem to find it
He's literally unable to even
2015 baby memes are HQ shit now
Hey shut your mouth we are hating on airlines here
Why are people from Cleveland fans of the Giants? That makes no sense to me  Edit: or were you referring to the Warriors fans?
Is that the guy who plays Steve the pirate? Cuz that's who I thought of
She's in greys anatomy
Anybody got a mirror?
That's true I bought this account for $80. Btw make sure you use Tide© Detergent to keep your clothes fresh!
I clicked it and forgot what country it was, I assumed it was China and they just had some translation issues... Smh England I'm disappointed
Has support for the confederacy ever gone up since the civil war? I mean wouldn't support be lower every day basically? Or are the confederates still out there recruiting folk
Or put super glue on it with a string attached and wait for it harden. Then as a bonus you now have a string on your phone to play with when you get bored
Haha umm.. All I asked was whether support for the confederacy has gone up... But I'm sorry those mean northern bullies made you feel bad
Best I can do is $1.25
Fun fact: the lint I picked out of my belly button this morning is more valuable than Zimbabwean currency
2spooky4me
Do ER docs do a lot of butt stuff with each other?
Yeah that's not how the story goes, I don't think saving some olives would be able to save a failing airline... But it is true that some airline saved like 300 grand in a year or something by taking out one olive. I see it posted on reddit all the time
/u/trollabot LiiDo
Is this a line in The Cable Guy? Why did this make me think of that movie
That would be great to hide an SD card in a coin with some really intense message about nuking China or something, and when people found it it would open up a whole can of worms and conspiracies, even though it was all bs
The highest point in North Dakota is about 4 feet and the lowest point is about 3.5 feet.
Original post: https://www.np.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingDerps/comments/3ztkxx/our_siberian_husky_found_a_hole/
I'm not really sure the point you're making. So are you saying the people doing these crimes didn't do them in their home country, but they do it here because they don't agree with our rules? Idk I guess your comment confused me
All video game subs are pretty negative in general with the exception of a few but to be honest this sub is definitely the most negative of all the gaming subs I follow. For the last few months this place has been nothing but bitching about the new diamond cards that come out. I get that myteam is popular but as somebody who doesn't play myteam it gets really annoying seeing nothing but posts complaining about it here.
&gt;if the bison win   &gt;if
Found the North Dakotan
43 . 317-360=43
Yes
That is a very good question
The Spanish translation is picante picante, just in case there are any Mexicans reading this
you say in all fairness as if terry did something bad by looking for his name
"Is that guy our running back?"  "No that's the executive vice assistant manager of water bottle filling and emptying."
Still would have had to load the tweets from then. It only shows a certain amount at once. Bet it still took forever to get all the way back to 09
They were heated before it snowed, the snow melted as it landed on them
I know but I'm saying you can't search for a tweet unless you have scrolled far enough down to show it on screen. Like it shows 100 tweets at a time or something so you would have to keep scrolling through the tweets until you got to 2009. You can't just hit ctrl+F and search all the tweets. You have to load them first
The search bar to search for users? Yeah I guess I didn't know you could search tweets with that now. My bad
I wasn't aware you could search tweets with the search bar I thought that was just for searching users. Whoops
"Now what?"
