I've suspected that this was the goal all along. Common knowledge that political parties rely on black money heavily in elections
Didnt Rao speak like 18 languages? He would have been a hit internationally
What part of Delhi is this?  I can't orient myself with this picture. There are no tall towers anywhere in North, South or Central Delhi
Just to place this in context: the Indian Administrative Services exam is arguably one of, if not *the* toughest exam in the world.  It covers an astonishing amount of material.   The exam has two rounds. The first round has objective, multiple choice questions covering mathematics, general reasoning and general knowledge about Indian and global history, culture, science and arts.  If you clear the first round (about 7,500 students out of around 900,000), you go to round II.  Round II is *extremely* comprehensive. It has 7 subjective, essay-like papers covering everything from government policy to language, history, art, culture and science. The questions are obscure and demand a thorough knowledge and understanding of the subject.  I know some really smart people who've studied two years straight and fail to crack this exam. And by two years straight, I mean *literally* leaving work and staying at home for two whole years just to study. With the assistance of a tutor.  I consider myself smart enough, but if I was asked to appear for this exam, I'd run as fast as I could in the opposite direction.
You get to join the Indian Civil Services. This is an elite cadre of bureaucrats - a holdover from the Colonial days.  Basically, these are people who run the country. The executive branch, if you will.   The top 100 or so rank holders get to be join the Indian Administrative Services (IAS). Each IAS officer is like a Mayor.   The next rank holders get to join the Indian Police Services (IPS). All of India's top police officers - police commissioners, state police chiefs, etc.   Ambassadors and diplomats are chosen from this exam as well.  Basically, these people have a lot of power and thus, respect in society. Imagine the kind of respect your mayor or local police chief gets, then multiply that by 10x since these are government bureaucrats and thus, hold office pretty much until retirement.
A few idiots on 4chan managed to track a Shia Lebouf flag within half a day
Because there are 1.4B people in India who speak about a gazillion languages. Of course there are some fringe groups making some demands
How can they believe they won every war when they *literally* lost half their territory in 1971?
"You Won't Believe What these 18 Dumb Redditors Joked About"
We need to export Haryanavi Jats abroad. We'll get number 1 position in no time.
A popular myth in India is that if you hunt a tiger's mate, it will find and kill you.   There was a pretty scary movie (to a 5 year old me at least) about it as well - *Junoon*.
Just so you know, DU hasnt made permanent appointments in years and competition for limited ad-hoc seats is very high.  You will also have to clear NET and at least get a MPhil if you hope to teach here
Chimps weigh less than a human female and can rip your arms off.  Gorillas can bench like 2,000+ lbs. Forget ripping your arms off, they can break you into ten pieces and not even sweat.
Agreed  But you are perfectly okay making fun of his ridiculous Chowkaa chocolate pan ad
Bc Dhoni kya mar gaya hai?
You are now a moderator at /r/conspiracy and /r/politics. Its hard to tell them apart these days
It's not supposed to be that red.  Most better restaurants in New Delhi nowadays are refraining from using artificial colors. The yellow-red hues come naturally from the chili and turmeric
What's with all these cricketers mouthing off these days?
Would it have ever given out in pre DRS era when Yuvi being so far out of the crease would make it a not out automatically?
India hasn't had a smart opposition since 2014.
MYYYYYY AAAAART!  That's what I always hear in Kickstart my Heart
WW2 was a single chapter in my grade 10 history book. Unless you had an interest in history and were paying attention, it's easy to gloss over this bit
Daily Cow Thread
What if Olympic athletes are on strict diets and want beef?
I'm not kidding, this will crush a lot of businesses. Majority of businesses in India are proprietorship and their compliance is always slow. They barely file service tax returns on time.   All of this compliance is good for companies with dedicated CS/CAs, but these small proprietorships have neither the scale nor the resources to warrant such heavy compliance
Look at all the successful apps. They all have the same common denominator: if it reduces human interaction (verbal or real-life), it is going to be successful.  We already had taxi services. You just had to call them. Uber takes that out of the equation  We already had a "social network" called phones. But phones require talking. Whatsapp, Facebook reduce the need to talk.  Same with any food ordering app.
I stumbled onto the 4chan board where this entire thing began last night.  They were *seriously* discussing a flat earth hypothesis.  There were actual grown up adults with the mental capacity to use computers arguing that the Earth is flat because:  1. How can the moon cover the sun if they are of different sizes?  2. How is the horizon a straight line?  3. Why did the Bible call it a "firmament"?  Holy hell. I like my slice of conspiracy theories but this was a whole another level
Main headline on Dainik Bhaskar right now (massive circulation in small towns):  "Pakistan mein oil tanker mein blast, 120 logo ki jhulaskar maut"  At least 3 English words  Another headline: "Dead saal se faraar gangster Anandpal mara gaya"  The most conceptually rich word in that sentence - gangster - is again English  Another: "Ab tak ka sabse bada operation 'Prahaar'"  Only "operation" describes something conceptual here. Again, English  Do this for other Hindi newspapers. Any complicated word is almost always in English. My point stands
Those are the first 3 headlines  Latest headline: "LIVE: 1975 में इमरजेंसी को कोई भूल नहीं सकता, जेल बन गया था देश: मोदी"  Emergency, jail. All the other words are functional  You can do a statistical analysis of the number of English words in Hindi newspapers. Compare that against the number of English words in a Tamil newspaper and have some objective basis for this
Good point. Aamir Khan has apparently been an underground hit in China since 3 Idiots. After Dangal, I reckon he must be a household name for at least a few hundred million Chinese people.
OP's joke was first applied for Ivy League colleges. IIRC it was for Harvard Business School grads.
Aren't most Indian offices closed today? Even MNCs?
One of my favorite scenes in the last couple of years is the Russian mobster simply saying "Oh" when told that his son had stolen John Wick's car.  A single word to tell you how much of a badass John Wick really is
The cow killings weren't a big feature of the government until a few months ago.   If things continue the same way, I doubt FDI inflows will remain the same.
Pretty much all of India's institutions are modeled on or borrowed from the British Raj era. I mean this is a country where being able to speak good English gets you automatic respect anywhere.
His ancestors were likely dropping wages to dalits wrapped in leaves
Of fuck off with your upvote
Pakistan has three power centers. The civilian government head, the army head, and the ISI head.
Yeah, but then India has China breathing down its neck. And that's not the kind of pressure we want.   The region is stabilized precisely because of these strange geopolitics. Afghanistan or Iran siding with Pakistan is bad for the region's stability because that would isolate India with Pakistan and China on the same side. If Iran and Afghanistan are pro-India (which they are), it keeps Pakistan in check because then Pakistan has to worry about its western front
Terrorism caused by terrorists Pakistan harbored and nurtured for decades in a proxy war against India
Someone else commented that they had first dibs on younger players under the 'youth contract' in the first IPL and could have picked Kohli.   What a colossal mistake that turned out to be
Why does it sound like achaar?
never used them for anything other than payments. Can't imagine using them for flight tickets or any of the other crap they peddle.  Does anyone use these additional services at all?
Warne also managed to spot and champion Steve Smith
Has anyone told AB that it's a test match and not a LOI?  Calm down with that strike rate man
Reply with this:  Pak vs. SL at home: 0-3
Most likely
Dhawan is going to score 200 entirely in edges
He looks a lot like the Indian movie star Imran Khan (who was also an active redditor)
Watch Brohit score a 165 ball 264*
