The turret thing wasn't a glitch, but a game mechanic.
&gt; there's some story that's behind his new look  How is that not confirmation of an in-universe explanation for the Chief's new look?  &gt; Chief's armor change isn't mentioned in game  This is probably the closest thing to evidence against the nanomachine theory, but that's a stretch. You know what else isn't mentioned in the game? Why there are suddenly Spartan-IVs. Does that mean they've always existed? Of course not.   &gt;Chief's new undersuit matches the redesigned undersuit used by the SIVs  &gt;Blue Team's Mark VI resembles Chief's redesigned armor, not his classic set.  &gt;We know that's their Mark VI because of the H2A terminals  Yes, Blue Team stated field testing Mjolnir components that would later be used in [GEN2]. At best, that helps explain the similarities between the Chief's upgraded suit and [GEN2]'s design.  &gt; There are in-universe examples of Chief's redesigned armor prior to the events in Halo 4.   There are also in-universe examples of the Chief's classic Mk. VI, such as his appearance in Halo 2 Anniversary and Spartan Strike. The comics generally use the "current" version of the Chief to avoid confusing casual fans. It's the same reason you have a statue of the Chief wearing his upgraded Mk. VI in the #HUNTtheTRUTH trailers.  &gt; The battle damage sustained in Halo 3 is still visible on his new armor  And there are plausible explanations for it's presence. Canonically, you never really see the Chief's armor until after he crashes on Requiem. It could easily have been sustained during that fall. I know you can actually see it in co-op or when you die, but those aren't canonical occurrences.  &gt; Signifigant scarring to Mark VI cannot be repaired by nanobots.  What does this have to do with anything? The Chief was in cryo for 4.5 years. Cortana made the upgrades while he was out. The nano-machines aren't something built into the suit.  &gt; Chief's armor was repaired after defeating the Didact rather than replaced.  Again, what does this have to do with anything?  &gt; His new armor has thrusters which weren't on the classic design Mark VI.  Cortana upgraded his suit. She could have easily added these.  &gt; Concept art for Halo 4 showed Blue Team using nearly identical armor to Chief's  That's not Blue Team, those are just Spartans. The art book even labels them as just general Spartans, and it's part of the section on the multiplayer.  I have checked the evidence, and I find any idea that the Chief's new look is simply artistic severely wanting. I was on the side of it being simply an artistic change when we saw that first Halo 4 trailer, and continued to defend that position for months until I started seeing evidence that there was an in-universe explanation.
I doubt it will change your mind, but here's another quote from Frank O'Connor:  &gt; "There's some fairly radical modifications to his armor," O'Connor said. "Some of those are an artistic evolution, but some are connected to the story. We just can't talk about it yet. He's been in space for a long time."  [Source](http://www.ign.com/articles/2011/12/02/master-chief-will-change-in-halo-4)
It's not concept art. More that likely, that's from one of Halo 5's terminals.
Those were vague overviews. The real design requirement and specifications would have been with Materials Group.
Currently, Naomi is the only one we know of. You could argue someone like Serin Osman, but she's only a Spartan in name.  Likely, though, the GI article just said that to make things simple.
Oh yeah, there are plenty of potentially active Spartan-II. I'm just saying that Naomi is the only one we know of, for sure.
Where did they state that? Also, the level in question take place only 8 months after Halo 4's campaign.
I know. I never said it went missing after Halo 4. However, it only went missing a month or so before the Chief woke up near Requiem.
Removed for potential copyright issues. The video's back, but without these particular images. Only stuff from the video GI posted yesterday.
What's to say they don't? The fact that they have the thrusters would seem to suggest that they have upgraded.  [From the Jet Pack article on Halo Waypoint:](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/universe/tech/jetpack)  &gt; Though the next spiral of GEN2 Mjolnir refinements will incorporate an integrated set of thrusters
At that point, though, you might as well call it [GEN2]. It'd be like saying that Jorge in Halo Reach was wearing Mk. IV, even though everything had been upgraded to work with the Mk. V platform.Also, since I missed this before: the statement about Spartan-IIs still using Mk. VI was from the Halo 4 Essential Visual Guide.
You lucky bastard! Unfortunately, all the bookstores in my area are pretty diligent about sticking to release dates.
What new Promethean are we talking about? The only new Promethean I've heard of is the Promethean Soldiers, which is just a new Promethean class.
For the most part, but the built-in jet packs are new.
Kenya: I beg to differ. From what we saw at the end of Halo 3, the area didn't look all that bad. Again, the amount of plasma output to exterminate the Flood infestation and to literally glass the surface would be quite different.  Vale: Fair enough, but I think that, given what we know, nominating her for Spartan-hood isn't all the out-there. Besides, she'd received additional training post-augmentation, as do all Spartan Candidates.  Home Fleet: By the end of Halo 3, there were only a few ships left (a handful, as Hood put it), but we don't know how many ships were out on other deployments at the time of Halo 3. Remember, Human slipspace travel at that time was incredibly slow. 4 days from Reach to Earth was considered speedy, and we're only talking about ~10.5 light-years. It's very possible, as some have suggested, that ships from other deployments were called back to Earth to make up for home fleet's loss.  And I would ask: would ONI really need to cover up the losses? The area around the Portal site was likely quarantined for a while after the end of the Covenant War, and if it wasn't, ONI surely would have done so given that they wanted to activate it.  Don't get me wrong, I'd like this stuff directly addressed, but I don't think the problems are all that severe.
&gt; Is it common enough knowledge now that there was a Human-Forerunner war before the firing of the Array or did she just not understand the full implication of what Solitude was saying?  I kind of figured the second is more likely. Solitude's statement could mean a lot, especially since it has no context. We as fans know what he was referring to because we know about ancient Humanity. Vale likely does not, and might not know what to make of Solitude's statement.
&gt; I take it some people know of Ancient Humanity though?  Some, though it isn't clear how many. Lasky was pretty open about his knowledge of Prometheans being ancient Humans in Spartan Ops, but it seemed pretty clear the it was news to Thorne at the time.
&gt; Lasky knows, and he isn't even ONI  Though Lasky did say that the UNSC knew about ancient Humans. But that's another discussion.  It is entirely possible that Vale knows about ancient Humanity, but I see no reason why she would have to know. In the case of Lasky and Palmer, it was relevant to their campaign on Requiem, and it's possible that they learned it directly from the Chief during Halo 4's campaign. Vale, as a diplomat to the Sangheili, wouldn't need to know.  My overall point is that her lack of reaction doesn't really mean anything, since without proper context, Solitude's statements wouldn't really mean anything. They might make her think, but she was in a desperate situation with the singular goal of survival. She wouldn't have time to think about the larger implications, if those even came to mind. We as fans know what Solitude was talking about because we have the privilege of a bird's eye view of things, a privilege most, if not all characters, lack.
*Infinity*'s trip to Requiem only took ~~a few hours~~ a day, thanks to her Forerunner slipspace drives. The reason the trip to the Ark took so long was because the Ark is over 260,000 light years from galactic center. Requiem is in the Milky Way, making for which shorter trip.
It would be accurate to say that the Breakout arena is the closest we've seen to what the War Game simulator looks like without the holographic enhancements.  However, I'm not sure if I agree with the notion that respawning in purely multiplayer-flavor. Given 343's recent trends, I'd say it's like there is an explanation for respawning. One idea that comes to mind is a Forerunner trans-location grid like we've seen on the Halo rings or Requiem (though on a much smaller scale). When a Spartan "dies", he or she is teleported to a new location to "respawn".
It only makes sense since the Warden is part of Warzone. *Infinity* really only would have had the chance to add him after the events of Halo 5.
That's 343's old address. I'd recommend your Brother send the letter to Microsoft's headquarters with something like "ATTN: 343 Industries" on the envelope.  Microsoft's address: Microsoft Headquarters One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052
They never said they dropped it, so there's no reason to think they did.
When you can snipe at the Warden from halfway across the map, map control isn't necessarily a workable solution.
&gt; QUITTERS  &gt; FUCK OFF AND PLAY SOMETHING ELSE  Pretty sure you just defined a quitter.
A good Canon Fodder to start the week off. Some interesting insights into characters and canon, and while little was revealed, it's nice to have Universe entries for the Guardians and Warden Eternal.
I just figured it's because the Flood aren't the type of enemy a Guardian was built to fight, especially once they've assimilated Forerunner tech.
They are. The first death star is 120 km^3, and the second is 160 km^3. Still an interesting video.  In the video's defense, there are apparently various sources for the sizes that conflict rather wildly.
It wouldn't be that simple. Disregarding the fact that campaign spaces don't always work as  multiplayer spaces (it *really* didn't work in Reach), it's not as simple as "cutting and pasting". Sure, it could arguably save some time on modeling new assets, but there would still have to be a lot of time spent on testing spawns, weapon placement, etc. etc.
Funny thing is, Bungie rarely had much involvement with the TV commercials, and virtually non with the Believe campaign. Believe and the TV commercials were largely done by Microsoft's internal marketing team and the Halo Franchise Development team. That latter group eventually became 343 Industries.  Besides, comparing the Believe ads and ODST and Reach commercials to the MCC "We Will Rock You" ad really isn't fair. I seriously doubt that, if Bungie were still involved, the MCC ad would have been much different. Never mind that we also had trailers like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_64VHqDHQQ  Or these for CEA: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOjED8my8iA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq6qUB1kORk  Comparing the trailers you included to the MCC "We Will Rock You" ad is comparing apples to oranges.  Regaring the Locke commercial: I don't really see that as inferior to any of the linked commercials, but that's me.
Last I heard (which was early-ish 2015, if I recall correctly), it's still in pre-production. Beyond that, nothing.
Funny thing is, there were some in Forerunner society that argued against fighting the Flood because of the tenants of the Mantle. Granted, this was really early in the war, but it caused enough of an issue that it delayed the Forerunner response to the Flood threat.
Probably something like this: http://www.halopedia.org/MJOLNIR_Powered_Assault_Armor/NOBLE
The original question was about what Mk. V[B] would look like in Halo 5. The Noble armor is the closest approximation we currently have.
&gt; Halo: The Flood is rife with inconsistencies  No more than any other Halo novel, I assure you, especially if you pick up the more recent printings.  &gt; I wouldn't give its depiction of the drop process to much merit. IIRC Dietz describes the pods very oddly.  Dietz wrote the novel at a time before ODST pods had been depicted in the canon. At best, he would have had early concept art, if that. Besides, the book is canon, so it's our best look at how long an ODST drop would last.
I don't think so. The Mk. V in Halo 4 was based on the version seen in Halo CEA. This "Mk. V Alpha" is basically an up-resed version of the armor as depicted in Halo CE. Hopefully Grim will talk about it in this week's Canon Fodder.
The source article (with some lore) for anyone interested: http://www.spartangames.co.uk/halo-veterans
They know about the Spartan-IIs. Their existence was revealed in 2547 to boost moral among troops and the public. Naturally, ONI left out their true origins, presenting them simply as super-soldiers.  http://halo.bungie.net/projects/reach/article.aspx?ucc=intel&amp;cid=24024  http://www.halopedia.org/2547
Based on the description for the Alpha, it sounds like it's a whole new design based on the Mk. V.
Installation 03 was moved during Halo Escalation, so it's no longer in the same location as it was in Halo 4.
Oh yes, they certainly are. I'm just reporting on what the latest canon sources has shown
That's not the Meta...
[We've had enough Anniversary projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umDr0mPuyQc)
I know they were talking to Showtime, but I don't know if that deal ever went through. Here's hoping, though. Premiere cable would be the best way to present a Halo TV series.
And really, if you look at the profile of the shooter, he was obsessed with school shootings, had behavioral problems, etc. I'm not saying everyone like that will end up shooting people up, but neither will every kid who's depressed and gets bullied (like the Columbine shooters).
I don't suppose you have any links? I never kept up with any of the conspiracy theory stuff.
Fouth'ded
He left 4 near-identical replies to 4 comment threads on a single video. Sorry if I wasn't clear on that initially. He very well could be a troll, and I'm almost ready to give up. At this point, I just wanted to reach out and see if anyone had heard anything similar to what this guy is spouting. Seems the answer is a universal no.
I just want to note, that's a fan theory that has not been officially commented on. It's possible that Mendicant influenced where the Chief ended up, but other than that quote, we have no direct evidence.
