Wasn't there some parent out in the burbs somewhere that bought a house across the street from his kids school so his kid would have a place to park his car?
that would be Whiting, Hammond is paradise.
There are pluses and minuses to being an owner occupied building.  Depending on where you live you may have more discretion on who you rent an apartment to and you have some other legal advantages.  As others have said you keep a better eye on the place when you live on premises.  There is the issue about people knowing you are the owner, I don't find this a problem as the building is small and I have good renters but with larger properties I just tell people I'm the manager (I tell them the owner lives in Florida). Run the numbers and open a second bank account strictly for the building and the rental units, don't try to deduct your new stove and granite countertop it's not a business expense.  Finally remember that owning a rental is a long term play and as long as you are paying the bills you are making money.
You can do it all it's just harder to get there.  In your case, if you are not running a little distance you probably want to add it - nothing special maybe just 3 miles 3-4 times a week.  After your run do your sprint drills.  Be careful doing hard cuts (I won't talk about getting older) you may not be strong enough yet and you could really screw yourself up if you cut too hard too soon.  I don't consider this specifics first as you've already done your time in the weight room and I assume you still have athletic ability since you played in college.
I don't understand why the NG/LP stove would be so difficult, same sensor and a solenoid, seems pretty straight forward and more universal (for HW heaters &amp; furnaces)
Not sure where you are located but I'm guessing the US.  Chances are it will only be an hour so it will most likely go like this.  Warm-up, instruction (how to throw a punch/kick), practice instruction, light sparring, pad work, heavy bag, ab work/cool down. If you are in Thailand start with a 3-4 mile run, then do everything as above but for 2-3 hours.
Hasn't this been settled by the SC?  The president is given wide latitude on how he runs the executive branch and any EO must be within the current law (by the executive's interpretation).  For example regarding illegal aliens, the executive has a limited budget and has chosen to focus it's power/money on deporting criminal instead of children, it's a policy decision similar to a city choosing to write speeding tickets instead of parking tickets.  If however the Congress doesn't like the executives policy decision (EO) they can pass a law changing it.
Because the legislative branch can't won't pass any laws.  Anything and everything Obama does via EO could be outlawed by the legislative branch (Congress).  They haven't tried to or can't pass the bills.  The only bills that seem to actually make it out of the Senate are bills to repeal the ACA (Obamacare) and the president doesn't seem to want to sign it.    The current congress is trying to play "my way or the highway" and it doesn't work that way.  It has always been about compromise and  the Republicans can't pass ANYTHING without help from the Democrats so they must compromise but they don't want to do that.
and after the compromise they still wouldn't vote for it.
Are you the guy with the Kepi?
It's probably close to EOL, even if it isn't consider replacing it as the operational costs are very high and you can recoup your money in a few years.
Not necessarily true.  Home buyers tend to lean on their realtor for advice and part of that advice is a good home inspector.  Sure they will find things that need to be looked at but they want the realtor to continue to recommend them and the realtor wants to sell the property. The last thing a realtor wants is a deal squashed by a bad home inspection.
It's pronounced "pill hill" and it was call that because a lot of doctors lived in the area.  Last I checked it was just a middle class neighborhood on the south side.
AirBnB is big business not a kids lemonade stand.  This is just the cost of doing business, ask Marriott or Hilton if they have all sorts of hoops to jump through to keep their doors open.  The fact that Airbnb is passing those costs on to their subcontractors is AirBnb's not the city of Chicago.
When you figure out your dates could you please post them here?
Pretty soon she'll be firing a whole lot of people (Campaign staff), another thing she learned at HP.  In this case however, she will not be right shoring them with campaign staff from India.
That and it doesn't help that 50 cents on the dollar ends up elsewhere.  Federally our tax dollars are given to the welfare states like Indiana and pretty much the entire south.  On a state level the money from Chicago and the collar counties goes to pave the roads south of I-80.  If Illinois/Chicago (+collar counties) didn't have to pay for other states/counties we're be in a very good fiscal position.
The city wants brink and mortar businesses, they rent/buy space in the city and pay property tax.  They also hire people to work in the business.  They draw people to physically come to said store and hopefully spur people to spend more money at the many other brick and mortar stores in the city.  A cloud company, with the exception of their offices, tends not not buy/rent much property the find the cheapest space in the most centralized location and set up shop.  The people they hire are limited and usually low wage.  There is no upsell, you order something and it is delivered to your door and that's that.  Like it or not cloud businesses are not good for the job market/the city and as the small data centers collapse into the few giants there will be less work.  I think by imposing a tax on the cloud companies the city is trying to give the cities brick and mortars a fighting chance.
going up 5%, first time in two years.  3B/1B -Andersonville
You would think that but what has happened and why some people are pissed is that the landing pattern has changed so people who bought a house not in the flight path are now in the flight path.
Check out La Scarola on Grand and Halsted.
Donald....is that you?
What are you looking for in a gym?
And the mentally ill
is that why over 60,000 workers from Indiana work in Chicagoland? BTW 11K from Illinois work in the region.  Nobody takes into consideration that Chicagoland and Illinois as a whole is a cash cow for the majority of the US even though we are only 19th in income we are one of the top five "maker states" so the vast majority of our federal tax dollars go to support other states (I'm looking at you Indiana who get $1.20 for every dollar they put in).  If Illinois simply got what they put in in federal tax dollar we could pay our entire state budget and have money left over.  So instead of making fun of our problem you should simply say thank you, especially you Indiana - you should say thanks for the good paying union jobs your governor took away but we fight to keep despite what our governor wants.
Isn't it funny how the Republicans have pretty much said no one every bill Obama has supported but the TPP they support (it's the D's that are opposing the bill)
he was Mathew Modine's side kick Cooch - the guy with the mohawk.
I stand corrected.
who's going to buy your stuff when everything is automated?
This is proper lap swim etiquette to tap a slower swimmer on the foot to let you know they want to pass.  The proper response is to finish your length and then wait for them to pass.  As long as this is done nobody usually has a problem, swimmers are used to sharing a lane with a lot of people and as long as everyone is on the same page it works fine.  The problems happen when the lanes are marked slow to fast and a slow swimmer hops into the last land because they don't want to share, it's like driving 40KPH on the autobahn there is going to an accident.  If you are tapped and you don't get out of the way you will get tapped again (I personally tickle their feet-really annoying) and again and again.  The last step in the process is they will grab your ankles and pull you-sending you backwards and under them -it's aggressive but you will see it from time to time.  If you do pull the ankles you will probably have a fight on your hands or at least some yelling.  That being said if you aren't following the rules don't be surprised.
there is a lot of touching in lap swim, just not the way you think.  It's better that I touch you on the feet to let you know I'm passing you than having our heads collide or me smacking you in the face./kick you in the head/face/body when I'm passing you.  Touching someone on the feet in lap swim is the equivalent of saying excuse me.  Grabbing someone by the ankles and pulling is the equivalent of saying get the fuck out of my way.
Lifting the cane could be considered weight training.
I understand that, but it's one of Bernie's talking points and we have seen cases bought to the court with the intent of taking the case to the SC.
I understand this but the question is what does Bernie want and this is one of his big talking points.  Justices sympathetic to overturning CU is part of the battle and then someone will need to fight the battles in the courts like they did with DOMA.
sure but the question was, what does Bernie want...and that's top 5 on his list.
Really, I remember long ago as a state delegate debating the planks of our platform and there were a lot of things that wouldn't pass and "didn't matter".  The point of a platform is to define what we stand for as much as what we will actually do.  Shit if we only had stuff that wasn't controversial and we knew we could pass the congress the Democratic platform would have consisted solely of renaming post offices.
Why, it's already been announced on [the hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/presidential-campaign/281459-why-wasserman-schultz-must-go).  She's been in the job for over 5 years, which is a long time so it's not a big deal.  By leaving and appointing someone like Warren it would be a good tactical move for the Dems to retain/attract the Bernie crowd.
time will tell.
It is my understanding that while Chicago supplies 20% of all state funds CPS only receives 15% of all state funding.  That extra 5% would go a long way in paying some bills.  Edit: [Link](http://cps.edu/News/Press_releases/Pages/PR1_11_17_2015.aspx)
[Here](http://priceonomics.com/bookings-at-trump-hotels-plummet/)
it's really gone downhill since they remodeled.  Try Monty's just off Lawrence and California-ish
Seems a little tame after [this](http://listoftheday.blogspot.com/2008/09/craigslist-ad-of-day-hot-tub.html)
and it works great.
it's both.
There is alway a certain percentage of the party that won't vote for their candidate.  In 2008 it was about 8% of the D's wouldn't vote for Obama and 10% of the R's wouldn't vote for McCain.  This isn't news.
not when the dog tears up your wood floors (10K), chews on the corners and the baseboards (5K) and slobbers all over (1K in paint).  And that's just a dog being a dog, if they scratch at the doors when they need to go for a walk expect another $500 to replace the door.  It adds up quickly and just because you have a judgement doesn't mean you get paid.  Good luck, being a LL isn't easy.
There are many good areas to live, some expensive others less.  I'd suggest living on the north side and as close to the lake as you can afford.  A lot of the up and coming areas are farther west and few on the south side.  It really depends on where you will work and how you like to play.  Logan Square is the super popular area right now, I don't really care for it but if you like the hipster vibe that is the place for you.  If you want to spend a little money check out Lincoln PArk/Lake view.  If you want to spend a little less, check out Edgewater/Andersonville/Uptown.  If you want to spend even less check out Rogers Park....these are all along the lake and but the EL.
Most people in NYC have roommates and in a 2BR as many as 4 people would live there.  so $500 a month isn't too bad considering minimum wage is $15 an hour.
So the quick math to value a rental is rent X 180, so it's close to a wash.  The issue with this and any rental is maintaining the rental, it's not a passive investment.  If you are not up to the task of being a landlord you should sell, it's just not worth the trouble.  Lastly, on the money side, you will get to deprecate the property over the next 15-30 years  so there is a tax advantage.   Don't forget that you will lose 5-6% of the sales price just by selling
AND Chicago has a separate pension fund that only Chicago pays into while the rest of the state has another fund that the entire state pays into including Chicago.  So Chicago pays twice.
