Patch it with sheets of styrene, use filler to blend, and then sand to shape.   If the error is that large, contact the manufacturer; they will supply you with a new part free of charge, usually.   The current mfg is Round 2 models, and they are supposedly very nice people.
And no, if the parts are warped (photos)? You send them a photo of them, and ask them politely to send you a new, non-damaged kit, at their expense. Plastic model companies are good about this sort of thing, and Revell isn't bad about it either. In fact, if the kit was in that bad shape in the first place, you should have asked before even starting. In your letter, also note that you bought *two* kits trying to give them the benefit of the doubt, and express (politely) your frustration at being disappointed twice. Ask if there's some way they can make up for the severe inconvenience.   It's not inconceivable that if the two kits came from the same flawed production batch that you got two bum kits. I've almost never heard anything (if at all) about poor fitting F-15Es; it's one of those kits that rarely gets criticized outside of absolute accuracy issues.   Academy makes an F-15E. http://modelingmadness.com/review/mod/us/labf15e.htm
Professional modelmakers. In the ye olden days professional modelmakers did this kind of stuff on contract. A derivative today is people who build architectural models for a living.   Whereas now, CAD and digital models dominate many areas, in the old days, companies, including naval architects and auto manufacturers had entire departments dedicated to modelmaking and making mockups of prototypes.   As for the specific builder, I do not know. These kinds of models are not cheap, and cost thousands of dollars.
Where is this office? US? Denmark?
That was a bit tight, but there was no gap (hairline at best). What you do for that is to hold the model vertical, press the point of the noise onto a hard surface, and push.
Wood models became a lot more common in the late 1990s and 2000s (if you go on ebay, you can find replicas of practically any aircraft you can imagine). That is one possible source of the model.   It might be a one-off/custom or small batch production for promotional or other purposes. It's worth checking with say, a batman fan forum to see if there's any data. The logo looks rather old and faded (unless that's what the original looked like) indicating it might actually be fairly old. So I'd take a look to see if any promotional models were made, or whether anyone ever heard of these being made as a prize, promo, or office decoration for a studio or something like that (which would be the coolest possibility).   For 3 dollars, that's a bargain, even if it's not worth anything as far as collectors value is concerned. It's a nice piece of work and the scale of the model is nothing like a plastic kit. If you can't find any more history on it, it's at least unique and interesting, especially if put in a case next to some vintage comics.
Yes, that might work. I'll have to check the sprocket dimensions. Which Stug did they fit? III/IV?
Sounds like they might fit the bill. I'll see if the mfg gets back to me about spending spare tracks, otherwise I might take you up on those.
You will definitely ruin your canopy. It'll fog the canopy if you attempt to use it, and then you'll have to spend time polishing it back to original state.   Tenax is just another plastic welding solvent. While some chemical aspect of it might be proprietary, it's no different than any other plastic welding solvent/cement that you'd use.   Some people say that coating canopies in future will allow you to use it without crazing, I'ved had mixed results from that.   There are canopy glues that are not white glue (or PVA, as it's known in the trade). Humbrol Clearfix is one. I never liked it much. Revell also makes a canopy glue, though I suspect that's just repackaged white glue.   Other white glues with potentially better working properties:   1. Titebond or weldbond (it's one or the other, the name escapes me at the moment, but it'll say it's a general purpose adhesive that is water resistant, but not waterproof) glue. It's a PVA adhesive that is basically a better, quicker drying, and more permanent form of white glue. I believe it's also water resisting, but not waterproof.   2. Tacky glue (available in craft stores). It's a thicker kind of white glue. I haven't used it, but it is one possible alternative.   Others:  1. I very rarely hear it recommended, but some people say epoxy might work. However, I'd be skeptical. Lots of epoxy doesn't dry clear and will yellow over time and exposure.   Honestly, your best bet is to stick with white glue, buy a solvent based adhesive such as humbrol that is formualted not to craze canopies, and so on.
Sorry, let me look that up.   Actually, it's weldbond.   http://www.amazon.com/Weldbond-8-120125-Adhesive-4-Ounce-Bottle/dp/B000H5OKN6.   Honestly, wood glue is a similar formulation (often it's some kind of PVA), but anyway.   Heere's a tutorial if you want. the remarks about future being discontinued are not correct, unless you're in Europe (and even then, alternatives apparently exist, and if not, humbrol's new "Clear" product, which I suspect is just rebottled floor polish).     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WzaLUL3Ads
Yes, I'm aware of that, but in case people aren't aware. Some larger supermarkets also have it, but that seems to be an east coast thing.
Places to get sci fi kits. This really depends on what it is you want.   Companies that make Sci Fi kits these days:  Bandai (star wars) Revell Germany (they had star wars kits until recently those might be out of production now). Round 2 Models (lots of classic sci fi, Star trek, Star Wars, fictional spaceflight, some old aurora models of the classics era). Mobius models  (BSG, various other sci fi and similar themes).   Sites to purchase: Starshipmodeler.com store (you'll pay a bit of a premium for buying from the guy who runs the site; he has an integrated store and it used to be a very good website for sci fi modelers). He has everything from resin bits, to mainstream Japanese sci fi kits, to star wars kits and so on. You can search by subject, scale, material, etc.   Culttvman Store. I've never shopped there, but it used to be a pretty good site that displayed builds and articles as well.   Hobbylink Japan. Located in Japan, but which gets the latest and greatest as far as Japanese kits and sci fi are concerned. If you want a Bandai star wars kit, for example, they'll likely have it before everyone else.   Federation Models. Another older site, which specialized in star trek models (including esoteric resin kits). Not sure how they are these days.
It's not necessary, nor required, nor a rule of this sub.
One way is preshading.   Paint the panel lines (and the darkened area you see) in a color like black.   Paint the final color over it, taking care not to completely cover the black or until you see a similar shading of the panel lines and access hatches.   This is generally possible only with an airbrush because of the control required to land paint into the correct panel lines, and to also selectively coat the final color on top of the shaded lines.
Use a wide brush, up to 1/4inch wide for the large areas, use small brushes for detail painting. Painting with a small brush will increase likelihood of brushstrokes that you won't like.   Resin is not the same as plastic models. As listed by other submitters:   1. It can't be glued by regular plastic glue. Use Superglue/Cyanoacrylate.  2. It MUST be washed prior to painting or anything else you're doing, because it often is coated with silicone "grease"/lubricant that is used to make removing the finished resin item from molds easier.  3. It's much more brittle than plastic.  4. Primer's probably a good idea, i.e. a layer of gray, white, or similar paint (or specially formulated primer) so the final colors have something to stick to.   Many tutorials can be found. "Building your first resin model" is the search parameter I used.   http://www.oldmodelkits.com/blog/plasitc-model-kits-how-tos/how-to-build-resin-model-airplane-kits-resin-101/
That's a pretty good one. Steelnavy.com also had some decent reviews back in the day, but it looks like the site's been inactive for a while. If you can't navigate the site easily you can always try to search for it through a search engine by typing in the name/scale of the ship and then typing in the website name. There's also a "search within" website function on google that you can use.   See e.g.: http://steelnavy.com/ReviewsChapters.htm  Occasionally, cybermodeler will also provide in box previews of kits. See here.   http://www.cybermodeler.com/naval.shtml  It seems that many of the ship modelers with sites (that aren't personal blogs or have extensive collections) tend to have comparatively primitive navigation interfaces.   Hope that helps.
Plastic: tamiya extra thin, Tenax 7R, testors liquid cement (it's liquid, not any kind of "gel"), and although I've not used it personally Plastruct Bondene. Of the list, I particularly prefer tamiya extra thin and Tenax. Both are *not* non toxic, and most solvent based plastic glues are not nontoxic. Alll of these work on the principle of providing a solvent that melts the plastic and the fuses the two parts to be joined together. It works ONLY for compatible plastics, most particularly for the polystyrene in plastic kits. Because these all dissolve plastic, NONE of them are non-toxic, and all of them have highly chemical smells to them.   The non-toxic glue you're using does not use that kind of solvent, which is why it's non toxic. As you've discovered, it also doesn't stick things together very well.   When using liquid cement, be aware: this stuff will get everywhere, and you are advised to use it sparingly. Tamiya's liquid cement (particularly extra thin, but a more thicker version in an orange bottle is also available) includes a brush integrated into the cap. If you ever drop a drop of this stuff onto a plastic surface, DO NOT touch it with your fingers, as the solvent will soften the plastic and leave fingerprint marks if you touch that area. Perhaps remove it with a tissue or something.   How to use liquid cement: when joining surfaces such as fuselages, it's more like "flowing" the stuff into the gap and letting capillary action do the rest.   Wood: Testors wood cement, titebond, PVA wood glue, and rare but still available, Ambroid cement.  General guide on model glues:   http://www.scalemodelguide.com/construction/materials/learn-glue/  For most people on this sub and plastic modelers NOT working with resin materials, the main relevant ones are:   1. Liquid cement.  2. Tube cement (there's very little reason to use this stuff, but some people like it.)  3. Canopy glues (usually, something made by a model company either is a form of white glue, or some solvent based types like Humbrol Clearfix).
This provides a highly detailed discussion on glues, but most importantly, on how to use liquid cement to join fuselages (discussing how to properly use the liquid cement to effectively weld parts together).   http://www.arcair.com/tnt1/001-100/TNT068-gluing-Wilder/00.shtm
An untreated canopy WILL fog if you use superglue, simple as that.   Allegedly, a coat of future over the canopy will allow you to superglue it (but not use liquid cement) without fogging. I would test on clear sprue before you bet on that. I've seen it work and not work.   If you don't want to risk it, then use white glue. It won't hold all that well, but if the model isn't handled that much, it'll be enough.
US, Amazon, particularly if you have a prime membership. Shipping is fast, and prices are variable, if you keep watch you can get real bargains. A lot of retailers also market through amazon too, even if you said you'd like to branch out. It has essentially taken over, from where I'm sitting, to the point where unless I need a specialty item, I can probably find it at the same price or from the same vendor on the site. SprueBrothers and Megahobby, for example, both sell on there, as does Phil's Hobby, which for whatever reason, does prime shipping so I use their Amazon storefront instead of their actual website, if there even is one.   The only thing Amazon isn't particularly good for is supplies (paint, etc) unless ordered en masse, and aftermarket accessories like resin and photoetch tend to be vastly overpriced.
Retail organizations, in that case, Squadron (one of the better selections around), Megahobby (good selection), Freetime Hobbies. Sprue Brothers is pretty good too, and has one of the better selections, as well as live inventory.
I cannot comment on accuracy, but this thread lists some alleged standard loadouts.   http://www.ww2aircraft.net/forum/weapons-systems-tech-/heinkel-111-3-6-16-bombloads-36445.html
Also, not gluing means that any area where the join is imperfect, or where there is a seam line, it will be visible.   While painting doesn't *automatically* solve this problem, it certainly will be more noticeable if you don't paint, unless the kit is very cleverly engineered, and you're a very, very neat builder who never uses a single drop of glue more than necessary.
One way to do it is to use a brush coated layer of Mr. Surfacer 500 (or other thick primer) and use a brush to stipple it onto the model.
The answer to that is I should've also said: Get a can of flat (spray is probably better) for after you finish decaling.   So it would go like this:   1. Build, paint parts using common sense, i.e. consider prepainting parts that would be difficult to reach once installed or hard to mask.   2. Gloss coat with Future, Klear (the floor polish stuff), or Humbrol Clear.   3. Decal, using solutions if you wish.   4. Seal the decal coat with a flat coat.   5. Weather using your weathering fluids/powders, whatever.   6. Possibly a final flat coat to seal in the weathering.   Tamiya paints are good only if you have an airbrush. They are infamous for being difficult to brush paint properly. Not until you get an airbrush, I'm afraid.   The only person who provides a tutorial that I like for brush painting tamiya paints is this guy   https://zerobxu.wordpress.com/2008/03/10/hand-painting-with-tamiya-acrylics/  But I still don't recommend it for a beginner. Humbrol enamels are supposed to be pretty good to work with. Generally however, try to apply  thin coats if you're brush painting as opposed to one thick one, and build up the color. This is precisely what Tamiya acrylics are bad at; they strip off the underlying layer when you try to put on the second layer unless you really know what you're doing or have the right thinning ratio.   Brush painting tutorial:  http://www.finescale.com/~/media/import/files/pdf/c/f/9/basicsofbrushpainting.pdf  A good hand brush paint is Model Master Acrylic, but  ONLY if you use a enamel or other primer for it, or it WILL lift off when you try to mask/use masking tape on it.   Tamiya paint is good, but only if it's sprayed. Some people can get it to brush paint well, but the vast majority of users I've ever run into never brush paint it because it has unfavorable properties for it.   Yes, the clearcoat I recommended will make it glossy. However, for decal application, this is *desirable*. You can always flat coat after you finish decaling, which is what most people do. Otherwise, you risk "silvering."    A detailed description is at this link.   http://uamf.org.uk/faq/decal.html  I have built that zero before. This is my attempt at it. I gave up on the starter set paint though. The only way to make that stuff work is to mix it 50-50 with Tamiya Clear, and then to spray it. Out of the bottle, it's garbage.   http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/28cacs/airfix_172_zero/  http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/28cacs/airfix_172_zero/  I, however, did use an airbrush for most of this, aside from probably the wheels, the engine, and the interior of the cockpit, which is why it looks so splotchy. The interior of the cockpit I think I used the included paint which like I said, is utter garbage.
Depending on what shape or area you're trying to hollow out, a sanding stick will work, or a needle file.
The other, much less precise way to do it is to use overly thick layers of paint of the base color, then stipple, but basically what you're doing then is calling your brush marks the texture.   Mr. Surfacer should work okay; it doesn't eat plastic. Use a wide brush, instead of a very small one, and it should work fine. It's a commonly used technique.   A thick acrylic medium might also work,  but having never tried it,  I can't swear by it.
Any build review would've listed this:   Tamiya's website might also have relevant color callouts for their models. However, if you don't have an airbrush I'd convert it to another brand, as they do not brush paint well.   http://modelingmadness.com/review/allies/us/cleavermust3.htm
it means anything in 1/72 (usually) or smaller. Harder to work with because it's a smaller scale.   Another good 1/48 kit is the Revell Monogram F/A-18E models. Good fit, super cheap to buy.
wait, are these those oval holes used for venting ballast tanks?   The other way is to drill a few holes using a dremel or something, then fill in the hollow "straight" areas with a file. Try on sheet plastic or scrap before you risk your model though.   Same principle. Beware heating from the drill bit melting plastic though.   With a pin vise, this is not going to happen, but it's so damned tedious. In any case, if you're looking to hollow out all those holes, it's still going to be tedious.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I_UJNaKcbc
There is a simple solution to all this.   Make sure (1) your paintjob isn't too rough. If it's too rough, sand it down as you said, using the higher grits as mentioned. You can even polish with a bit of toothpaste on a rag, taking care not to burn through the paint.   Micro set is supposed to help it lay down flat, yes, but on a glossy surface, it's even better.   Microl SOL is a solvent that is designed basically, for better or worse, to *melt* your decal straight onto the surface, to make it snuggle into the panel lines, etc, etc. If you ever see a decal that is between a panel line, and you see it fully  recessed and wonder "how did they do that" the answer is almost certainly MicroSol, Solvaset, or any number of decal setting solutions.   MicroSet is more of a surface preparation, which frankly, I bought a bottle once, but I never use. I instead prepare a gloss surface using gloss clear paint, or future, and then decal on top of it.   *ideally*, the surface should be shiny and glass smooth, but it doesn't *have* to be.   Decal quality also varies by kit. The best decals are generally italian made, and even better if they're from Cartograph, a particular company well known for making high quality, easy to work with decals.   You can keep sanding and polishing, and it *will* help. But a gloss coat will be an easier solution, as long as you weren't too rough with your initial color paintwork.  2. Then, the simple solution: spray a gloss coat, wait to dry, or use future floor polish as your "micro set" before placing the decal.   3. Micro sol DOES help, but you're missing the point. The reason why you have silvering problems on a matte finish is because the paint (if you magnify it with a microscope or magnifying glass) is because the texture is not nearly as smooth as a good gloss paint would have on it.   Everything everyone else said so far about air bubbles is sound. The reason why decals silver is because there are microbubbles trapped underneath the decal. Set is supposed to help probably break surface tension and try to "suck in" the decals to the microbubbles. However, think about it. What's easier to do? Doing that to a smooth surface, or a micro-pebbly one made by the matte paint/sealer? Sol, when applied after the decal is placed, will also help it conform and partially deals with the problem, but it won't "push out" air bubbles that are already trapped there.  Sol should generally be applied only after the decal has been placed in final position. There's a reason for this. Once you put on sol, you should not move the decal at all, and it might even wrinkle as it's drying. The wrinkles will almost always settle themselves out as the decal gets more tightly pasted to the surface. Touch that decal, and it might disintegrate, turn into a melted mess, or what have you.  If you ever have a chance, compare the dried texture of matte paint versus gloss paint. You'll notice a very distinct difference. One will be "rougher" than the other.
Model Master acrylic flat. I spray it through an airbrush.
if you aren't so insistent on having a six wheel vehicle, the Stryker Mobile Gun System in 1/35 might fit.   In theory, you could. But it wouldn't represent anything that I  can think of, and further, that would assume that the turret from one vehicle is a drop in fit for another, which even in the same vehicle family, is probably a dubious proposition.
what chips, gearboxes, and so on, sprocket mounts?
See /u/Gewehr43's comment below.
You paint it after. It's not quite like paper mache, no. It's closer to a kind of "glue/paper" composite material, or a very primitive kind of "plastic." Mix the white glue and water at least 50-50, paint it over the paper. As it tries it'll harden into something stiffer than paper mache and then it can be painted, gloss coated, whatever.   You then cover with primer, then cover with paint, then cover with washes for shadows of your choice.
Very nice.
That demographic survey might be pretty interesting.
You mean like these guys?   http://www.aircraftresourcecenter.com/Gal9/8301-8400/gal8347-JMNs-Petrie/00.shtm
Also fun: "Hitler uses the Wrong AK Interactive Wash"  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PJaMaEf4ZY
Enjoy it. It has a pretty old school feel. Has some display cases as well, though they aren't as well populated anymore.   Also, if you want a *big* kit, that place carries some.
Do explain. Do you have photos, and how did that 35rc chip work out?
What is the killer two year project? And nice job.
You might like this: http://www.amazon.com/Bandai-Hobby-E-F-G-F-M61A5-Battle/dp/B001M5BK6A/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1451686160&amp;sr=8-5&amp;keywords=bandai+1%2F35
where did you find a Tiger for 100?
Is the Alclad stuff lacquer based?
Tamiya kits are generally well regarded, have good fit, etc.   Their Fletcher class destroyers are generally considered to be good introductions.   Trumpeter also makes a large collection of 1/700 ships, but expect to do a lot of detail painting on those.   If you're talking about sailing ships, it's really hard to recommend those to a beginner, since a lot of them are from very old molds (the Revell Constitution for example, dates back to somewhere around the late fifties or early sixties, if I recall, and is a good kit, but hard to build).   I have tried building the USS Momsen (Arleigh Burke Class) from Hobby Boss in 1/700, and the fit is good, but you need to be able to work with (or just omit, really) photoetched parts.   I would generally avoid "box scale" (that is, in odd scales, not 1/700, 1/200, 1/350) kits from Revell and American manufacturers, as often those are quite old and have fit problems.
If you want wooden ships, however, look for the beginner's lines for Constructo, Mamoli, Artesina Latina, Billings Boats (now defunct, but they made kits for decades so there's plenty of old stock left). A good start might also be the Midwest series of ships (wooden kits, with precut frames in some cases).   For beginners, some of the kits come with precarved hulls, or ABS plastic molded hulls; you then install the bulkheads, deck, and details. Many of the brands I listed above carry models of racing yachts that have precarved or otherwise partially prefabricated hulls. Otherwise, you'll have to use planks on bulkheads, or frames, and build the hull yourself from the plans.
Also, the nozzle cap, DO NOT overtighten. The cap should be tightened only as far as you can start to feel the o-ring compress. If you overtighten, for whatever reason (I didn't bother to examine why), it'll constrict paint flow and cause the problems you just described.   Also, your nozzle cap might be dirty. Soak/submerge it in thinner to see if there aren't particles or dried paint blocking it.
http://www.ipms-css.org/?page_id=35
