Another way of looking at it is that when someone has a certain code of conduct, they are naturally drawn to the god that best represents those moral beliefs.
nice how many tacos did that buy you
You use the framing device in Name of the Wind to move time efficiently. How did you move time in the earlier drafts, before the framing device was established, and how effective was it in comparison?
Time to start saving, save up that opiate money.
Why the switch
Yes this is what I meant, damn it.
If humans can be born with dwarfism, perhaps dwarves can be born with humanism.
WHAT A TIME
Wow that's incredible!
Sounds dirty.
You'll have to drive up to Wisconsin and try them for yourself.
just like your post history
Damn dude, do you really need that much socks?!
I think the anker 14w solar charger is the most 'efficient' price-wise. You'll need to get a good external battery to handle charging a laptop though, the solar panel won't do much on its own. Check out the Anker Astro Pro 2, but the old silver version which has a 19v dc port.
You know your stuff, man. I noticed that the same device was being sold by Voltaic (as 'v72') and Anker.  Can you recommend a good portable solar panel around 25w that doesn't cost too much? [Apparently this thing is only about 2.5 lbs](http://www.amazon.com/Instapark%C2%AE-Mercury27-Portable-Automotive-Batteries/dp/B00EVFEBKU), but I'd like to know of any cheaper options.  Or would the typical 14w anker panel be enough? I feel like it would take 10-15 hours to charge a 20,000mah battery.  [This solar panel backpack attachment](http://www.voltaicsystems.com/fuse10w) looks interesting too, but again, too pricey imo, and 10w seems pretty low for the battery provided.
Have fun storming the castle.
[The Eye of Argon, a high fantasy classic.](http://www-users.cs.york.ac.uk/~susan/sf/eyeargon/eyeargon.htm)
What makes something "truly" good?
Typos. Those should be commas.
Can someone explain this
Phew.
Usually a chuckle or smile afterwards lets you off the hook. There are also lots of little tricks you can learn. For example, stand near your subject while staring off into the distance, then pull up your camera and take the shot. You can get within inches of someone with this technique. Credit to Chuck Jines.
Here's the first paragraph of her book:  &gt;So: What is this book all about? It's about living, creating, experiencing, accomplishing, seeing, doing. It's about leaving mediocre behind so you can live a life you'll look back on with pride and happiness, not regret. It's about being active instead of passive, going for awesome instead of average, and being inspired and motivated instead of bored and listless. This book is about ignoring what others think your life can and should be, but also examining your own habits and preconceptions, so you can live your very best life.
On a typical zoom lens your "sweet spot" will usually be neither at the widest focal length, nor the lowest aperture. It really depends on the individual lens though. You can take some tests and figure it out.   I usually shoot with a 35mm f/1.8 prime lens and it's only slightly softer wide-open; the lens is so good that there's not much of a difference. With my zoom lens (17-50; f/2.8) things begin to look look really good around f/5.6.
How would the idea-expression dichotomy would work in Harlan's allegations against Terminator? Allegedly Cameron stated in an interview that he got the idea from a couple Outer Limits episodes.  Also:  &gt; When you publish something  I appreciate the vote of confidence!
The zoom STM lenses are very quiet.
You absolute madman
Literal royalty and world leaders come to Cleveland and Mayo for surgery.
I read ancient Chinese and that character literally means 'Please help me.'  Holy shit.
Show us your profile then, Casanova
Always a pleasure to watch Undead or Diya on hitscan.
how long we have waited... dallas activated
What did he say about them?
Does he usually just end up slaughtering everyone in  8man FFA?
&gt;The only thing that has changed is Brig over Tracer.  So much of the meta and what is possible on certain points has changed. It's not just Tracer...
Taimou was looking so hot. AKM had his moments on Gibraltar but was invisible when it counted most.
Saudi national homophobe, racist, and anti-semite calls videogame streamer an asshole. OMEGALUL
Are you on PC or console? Just curious.
They have the 400 damage pulse bomb on this patch right?
Logix pulsed Wekeed twice in a row. Nice reliable sticks this round.
Have Freefreel and Zuppeh been training in secret at 100x gravity or something because this is insane
Third*
It was kind of a miracle that Seoul got point A. Hanamura was completely nuts.
tviq on widow is instathrow
Saya benched because he couldn't play doomfist. OMEGALUL
Go and sit down.
Doomfist can get back to the fight super fast after dying. It's such a short run or attackers.
Zoning VALK
Logix on Pharah  Tviq on Widow  welp good luck on map 3
What in the literal fuck were Mayhem thinking? That they would outbrawl a Brigitte comp via Reaper? That game reached solo Q levels of frustration.
