Correct me if I'm wrong, but dont Muslims typically fast around Ramadan? How can someone fast in these temperatures?
What's a moggy?
Can you please send a few links as to how this can happen? As far as I know, unless you are turned on, even viagra wont do squat
Hahaha, that was ajoke, right?
Guess you can call it.. shit posting (ill see myself out)
Not yet anyway
Wrong place bro.
Have you tried, oh, I don't know, perhaps asking him why he repeats everything?  Kids tend to be kids sometimes, lol
Yikes!  Unlucky mate
Not to mention the astronomical cost of a BUK missile
If you actually read the article, you will notice not a single 'three' or 'strikes' word is mentioned...
Can't seem to find the one where Euro says his first word. Pa Pa PANZERKAMPFVAGEN!
Fun Fact:   Both made by Rheinmetall - the same company that made Pak43's for the PzVI Tigers
Right in the feels
Gotta love WWII trivia
Don't worry, I'm sure we will find some other thing to kill each-other over if we did not have religion
Check Mate Foxtel
It was all only a matter of time.
Tavern
Any explanation as to why this is happening?  These actions arent helping their case
I give you 5 minutes before your comment gets nuked
This is in the context of gay marriage right?
Repost, but still entertaining
Fat has a lot of calories
Thats a nasty virus...
And what's the current time where you are? Bot below says in 15 minutes
That will be a world first
Not to mention they have their own missiles
Relevant username is relevant
With heavy industry/manufacturing on the decline, the electricity appetite has significantly been reduced. If we gave every household 6 solar panels, we could potentially be at least 80% renewables by 2020
Need more info OP. DS could have office workers, supply chain managers, etc
Imagine something like the Taijin explosions happens.
This is also applicable to Italian time, Spanish time, et al
Source?
Wrong sub mate
Bike Lanes. Who uses them, and how often? I'm talking about the Sydney ones in particular, but all arguments welcome
Repost!  Also, Alfa as fuk
Tomango?
ALL THE THINGS!
So which breaker are they removing? The 5% or the 7%? Is the 15% one still remaining in place?
OP we need more context mate
dont u mean ctl+a?
Lol swing and a miss.  It was a Simpsons reference, the billion dollar bill episode
Lol, welcome aboard mates. We had that introduced last year
Bitcoins
Meanwhile Aussy bowsers are still charging extortionary prices because of our low dollar
Playing superpowers costs money. Russia doesnt have money at the moment
Rekt with a capital R.  I would've used one squad as recon, and got that Jagh to rape avre
Supplement powder
Jesus fukin Christ!  Reminds me of the banana shortages we had when cyclones hit qld.
