Or Phil forgot to set aside some time for band rehearsals despite accepting the $50million...., certainly Trey should not be faulted, he did far more than should be expected and took his part quite seriously.
Woodstock. Festival Express. Both have some great proshot videos. Both have out takes as well of the band enjoying others music-hanging out, as well as previously unreleased video.
There is a small portion of them doing Monterey Pop but their performance has never been officially released due to legal dealios.
Grateful Dead Turn On Your Love Light - Woodstock 40 minute pro shot  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUeHBtAMifo
Do you DL Flacs ? If so I can link a ton.
http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=575049 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=570156 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=568483 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=560433 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=546082 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=545856 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=534099 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=533529 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=519687 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=519687 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513940 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513842 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513752 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=512150
Hit him up for some tickets next time hes in your town!
Mountains Of Madness.
If you are homeless or dress homeless you will be left to drink in peace.
Great post, still the most legendary cockblock of all time!
edit- There is another version where Charlie patched in the Phil bass solo that Phil famously forced Dick to cut. I need to dig in my HD to find it.
Put on some headphones and CRANK this Here Comes Sunshine. You will not be the same ever again. https://archive.org/details/gd1973-12-19.sbd.miller.97361.sbeok.flac16
streaming is lossy. you would have to dl the show from btetree for the actual comparison.
We sure did not win that game, The Vikings lost it. So glad we have another opportunity to play again with this group, because this game would be a terribly lack lustre way to end the season.
You dont think 10 points can beat The Panthers ? /s Ya, we need team brainstorming starting right this moment.
Rebar - Almond Burger is incredible and very filling. Fantastic toppings. No fries though. You can have it with a side chop salad that is one of the best salads in the city though.  Ferris Oyster Bar - Their veggie burger is very unique, it is basically 50% sunflower seeds, sounds weird but its good and unlike most veggie burgers it is crispy. The downside is it is kind of greasy and so are the fries but thats ok once in a while.  Pink Bicycle - have two, a bean one which was very mushy, and a chick pea one which has a great consistency but a strong taste, cumin maybe ? The buns, toppings and fries are great though.
Try Rebar, ive got quite a few carnivores hooked on this one.
Dead Beats is a food truck, they do a cashew burger that was pretty good, not sure if they run in the winter, but they are everywhere in the summer, and they have good fries as well. Its a bit small and expensive relative to some.
Thanks!
Is it open on Saturdays?
Thanks
Thanks!
Laces
Oh great, thanks!
Is the porta a burger or just a roasted mushroom ? Thanks!
Roast some almonds, peanuts and cashews in a dry pan until toasted then add that to your processor. dredge your patty in sunflower seeds and sesame seeds before frying it up in some EVOO.
They hit a spring of water that should of been found long before the drilling began. The city freaked, the Lablaws group said fuck you then, kiss your store good bye.
In the summer the city does different dance nights outside at market square and centenial square.
They have two fires going at night, the apt building is complaining about how bad the smell is, not sure where they are getting firewood to have perpetual fires.
Bailiff was on CBC APW this evening, remarkable story. With better infrastructure this could ( should ) be more common.
The new owners have done some interesting things preserving the character of the hotel, so far they cut down the iconic trees out front, tore down the rose garden and are now closing one of victorias best known and longest lasting restaurant. Why did they not just build a new hotel, the vacant spot beside crystal Gardens ( budget rental ) has been waiting for a buyer for 25 years.
Mayor was on CBC Monday she said that they are close to a deal for it to be in Esquimalt.
Anyone know the symbology at work in this painting? I know all Renaissance work was supposed to work on two levels the spiritual and the human.
This is what your looking for! http://www.gettinhigherchoir.ca/
Not sure at all about his name but I can describe him, and have seen him as recently as Fall and he seemed to be doing the same scam.
She is even more famous. She often "marks" people around the China Town gates. Awful person.
No, this guy is drug addict thin, pony tail dark hair in a pony tail, always a black ballcap, glasses and possibly an ethnicity of first nations or even Mexican ?
They have been putting BABIES in hotels, check yesterdays paper and news. Weve gone from them admitting 26 cases to over 125 as of Monday ( that we know about ).
You just go enjoy Pacific Rim the grown ups are talking dear.
Nailed it. Sure if you are Cleveland this would be a great year. Not so with this line up. Wasted potential, I hope they fix some things and turn a few people around for next year, this team has one more year before it looks completely different.
How many of these losses were 10am starts ? Pete does not have the Seahawks do early practice, he likes to keep things loose. The players like that, BUT that also means getting up early for the early games already puts them in that foggy headspace.
his first line of the morning, judging by those eyes I would say this started the morning before...
The TAXPAYER decides where their money goes to fund the type of school their children attends. That is smart and it gives the public more choice and competition is very good for EVERYONE the schools, the teachers and the children. If this topic is so upsetting for you maybe find a different one to rant in ?
"That goes for non-religious private schools. They are "better" because they are better funded because they get donations from churches and have a pay to attend policy. "  See above, but I still do not see your point, people should not be able to choose ? Catholic Schools in BC are good for everyone, the people who attend are still paying taxes that fund public schools yet they are not using those resources. If we say closed all semi-private schools ( Christian and Catholic schools ) the province of BC would be in a world of hurt, they are already stretched as far as they can possibly be, we have public schools in Victoria that are literally falling apart, moldy, without EAs, specialists, have little technology infrastructure and the class sizes are out of hand.   "and that should not be a thing. Then you get an underfunded military, and underfunded social services because people who don't need it don't want to pay for it. Taxes go towards a "common good" not what you think is good for you and only you."  No, you are incorrect. Ontario's model of diverting your taxes one way or the other does not lose taxes for anyone, and that IS a thing because taxpayers decided they wanted it that way.
Good luck getting through the storm!
Paul Giamati - Page
This song was always played epicly.
Corny ? Sorry brah put down the bong and stop wooking out.
Just curious, but how long have you known about this guy and why does it always seem like months+ before "you" put out a statement like this?
"some"..../s
