Checked the account history on several of those posts. not one over a year old, but interestingly enough the highest upvoted one has posted to /r/gonewild often.   That must be a fun day at the office.
Honestly, it's probably a just google thing. Most likely the relevant articles use present tense and are indexed as "improves". It's not really correcting your grammar, but noticing that relevant articles use a different phrasing so when your results turned up so low they offer another suggestion to improve your results.    It's kind of like how when you google "Jew" for a long time the top link was to an anti-semite website.
Found this [gem](http://i.imgur.com/qlBxfDi.jpg) in his comment history (NSFW).
Just to suggest /r/hvac may be able to help.
And a lot of people calling him out for it too.
But several of the links are missing. The first one I noticed was bleedinggreennation.
&gt; There is no minutia, someone steps to you aggressively, you react.    The gun pull is just the focal point of the entire encounter, and when it comes to officer safety I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. During the entire portion that was caught on video I didn't see him do anything *illegal*, but that doesn't mean he made the right decision.   &gt; Also, would you care to explain how you arrest and entire block of near rioting teenagers, fleeing suspects, and violent malcontents by your self, using an inside voice and kind words?  Near rioting? Vilolent malcontents?   Hyperbole much?   Why don't we ask the other **11** cops who responded and didn't get filmed. By all accounts of those who were there, this was the only guy running around like that.
Ahh...the golden triangle. Gotta love it.
/r/withrice
"Why can't he feel my beatings of justice".....ROFL
Hence the "worth it to fix" comment? lol   Sorry to tell you dude, your probably screwed.
Who are we trying to protect, the kids, or the companies who have contracts with the state.
Atoms, given enough time, will eventually ponder the meaning of their existence.
Amtrak shows trains that take 1-1.5 hours.
What did you do to piss of Jordan Matthews that he wanted to kill you?
huh? *scratches head*. I think we need pics.
That's more of a list of the top 18 most mentioned players.   Everyone is replaceable.
Because [insert over simplified reason here].
They will rally a half dozen people to their cause and call it success.
Fortunately math and physics are both universal. If we were to find an intelligent life forms arithmetic and universal constants can be used to relay basic messages. The Voyager probe included a stellar map that any space fairing civilization would be able to read and know it's origin.
See the way his arm straitened out after the hit. That's the fencer reflex.
Schefter speculation is not the same as Schefter reporting. His guess is as good as any's at this point.
A 5 day old sub. This is clearly a hate sub that just cropped up and the admins haven't shut it down yet.
Is there any reason you wouldn't want that possession to look like a touchdown?
Isn't their a rule about not using the ref as a pick?
Because these Trolls know to ask for *just* enough that it makes fighting the patent way more expensive than just paying up. Most big companies would rather pay a pittance as 'cost of buisness' rather than get involved in a costly lengthy legal battle that they may not even win.
You could probably get by just keeping an eye on it for a while. If their is already rust and hole it's just going to get worse, but that doesn't mean it needs to be done immediately. If the chimney is brick a trickle of water won't cause that much damage. My parents finally replaced theirs after the holes got big enough for a bird to make a nest in their.
Your on the right path, those are some huge gaps in the door. Looks like the current weather stripping is all torn up and basically gone. I'd just start with that before moving on to more drastic measures.
Thanks for the link. I wasn't expecting to be educated in an NFL comment section.
Risk vs. Reward. They got the leaders and organizers. They don't need to go after every foot soldier when their isn't much more to be gained.  If they tried it would just serve to entrench the remaining holdouts and things would turn bloody.
You might not even need an electrician for this. You don't need to be licensed to move a light, so this could be a handyman job which usually goes around ~$25/hr + materials.
It wasn't too long ago that sticking your penis in another mans anus was a very radical thing to do and was highly illegal.   Cultures change.
This is no different than a judge ordering community service, and the defendant choosing to perform that service at a religious organization.
Alternatively this could just as easily be considered the equivalent to the defendant being sentenced to community service and him closing to serve that at a religious organization where all he has to do is sit there for 90 min once a week.
Source? Not that I don't believe you...but I like me some election history reading.
[Here](http://www.livescience.com/41644-wind-energy-threat-to-birds-overblown.html) is an article with multiple sources cited.   No one is saying that birds don't hit turbines. But compare that to any birds hitting any other large building or structure and you realize there isn't anything about turbines that are particularly dangerous for birds.   You're talking about a line item on an environmental impact study. Their is a similar line item for roads to install the turbines in remote areas....which has a much greater impact on the environment than the turbine operation. The only time someone brings bird strikes up with wind power is when they are trying to kill a project in their area.
Besides that is has a material cost that competes with computer equipment driving the price up? If they could find cheaper alternative materials than silicon you would see rooftop solar everywhere. Other than that it's basically the same as wind power.....sun doesn't always shine everywhere, and power transmission is expensive.   If we could solve the power transmission problem we could do 100% wind/solar. But room temperature superconductors are still a couple of decades out.
Am I writing an essay for you lol?  Very high initial startup cost, but operational costs are low after that compared to Coal power. Mining the fuel is often pointed out as an issue, but it's really not a big problem as mining uranium isn't really any different than mining any other element. Storage of waste the materials is the big one, but mostly political in nature. Most of our fuel waste could be 'recycled' into a different reactor which would significantly reduce the amount of fuel waste and turn it into a much less toxic substance....but nuclear non-proliferation policies have kept new reactor technologies on the drawing board. The other major waste product is heavy water...which is toxic, but not Godzilla destroys Tokyo toxic. We had a plan on how to store that long term until the radiation dissipates to the point it's not toxic....but that plan was killed for political reasons.
&gt; Where does it end?  It ends when you have a reasonable political compromise. I can reverse the question and ask you where you think the line should be drawn? I would have a problem with my neighbor having a 60mm grenade launcher. But that's not really what the current gun control debate is all about.    We don't have universal background checks, it's a very state by state enforcement with some states being much more lax than others. There is a reason why most gun violence in New York can be traced to Virginia gun shows. We can talk concealed carry and open carry regulations and how they can be significantly different depending on the jurisdiction. The lack of universal rules is one of the major sticking point of any gun regulation...something that should probably change one way or another.   But going even beyond that we see that we've actively hampered law enforcement ability to enforce existing laws. For example the ATF is limited in computerizing *their own records* for fear of making 'a list'.    If we are going to make the starting point 'enforce the existing laws' then we should make our laws consistent and provide law enforcement the tools they need to enforce those laws. We are currently doing a very bad job of that.
Because most people think that nuclear proliferation is a bad thing....and nobody asked Japan if they wanted them.
The nature of aerial warfare is changing. Drones are the weapons platforms and 'combat' will be mostly electronic in nature.   Dogfights are going to consist of radar jamming, signal interruption, hacking and electronic warfare....with the loser getting a missile in the face
It's important to note that this was old debt that they wouldn't have been legally able to collect on anyways. Essentially they purchased a list of people who they could have harassed unethically(but legally) even if the debt was unenforceable.
I don't know that it's limited to just internet warriors. The few times I hear it slip in to the mainstream media there is usually talk about 'audit/eliminate the fed' and 'the gold standard'. I haven't been to a libertarian party meeting, but I get the impression that these aren't party platforms that they would be willing to back away from.
A functional legislative branch. Most Republicans may not like big government, but want the government we do have to be functional, efficient and responsive to the people. They may be willing to stomach some limited shutdowns as a grim necessity, but overall realize that it does more harm than good for their goal of reducing government spending.
If you tried to buy your debt directly from who ever owns it...lets just say you won't be getting a discount.
Fair enough....*a* century ago is more accurate.
Washington did.
RCP still has Clinton +2. Of the 7 polls in there average Trump is only ahead in 2 of them.   So far it's shaped up to be a standard election with each candidate getting their base 45%. However, now that Clinton is about to become the presumptive nominee and Trump has taken some real hits that actually seemed to damage him for once....it will be interesting to see if the poll numbers change in the next couple of weeks.   Of course this is all meaningless until the conventions which can be great pallet cleansers.
You mean when he brought it up unprompted in a stump speech. The interview was afterwards where they tried to get him to explain the comments(or opportunity to walk them back some).
Because, if you recall, the suspect was an employee and shot up his work party. He was obviously an extremist, but his choice of targets and timing was erratic. You have to excuse that if in the chaos of a developing situation instant media gratification sometimes gets it wrong.   Edit: Let me ask you something...do you think Trumps instant response would be more or less reserved? If his initial reactions were wrong, do you think he would be likely to correct himself?
