He's running a mix of medium and low settings, and the fact that it already looks better than consoles with these settings (besides shadows) gives me hope for stunning ultra visuals.
Then play DayZ/Arma? Those games are about as hardcore as it gets, but it seems with the term "hardcore" comes broken messes
The entirety of the name "Tom Clancy" is realistic, gritty, possible scenarios, which was why Tom Clancy was such a famous writer.
Well the fact that GTX 970 is recommended is great, that means I can max this game with ease :)
If anything, you'd be CPU bound. Getting an AMD CPU is a major slap to the face with the insane advantages of Intel CPUs in most games.  According to a few rumors here and there, a 970 is the recommended GPU, but you're CPU isnt even meeting min req (which is an i5 @3.1ghz)
Usually when a dev says something along the lines of "not at launch" its just a PR way of saying "nope"
Use the Amazon trick to get a free key.  1. Preorder a copy of the Division for any platform you want (this does not force the beta code on the plat you chose, so you could preorder PC and redeem beta for PS4)  2. Check your email, you'll get your Division beta key there  3. Redeem beta key through the Division beta site  4. Once redeemed and linked to your account, cancel the Amazon preorder  So there you go. Amazon doesnt charge for preorders until the game releases, which is why this works
He wanted to see what heaven looked like
Tomb Raider, Hitman, Ashes of Singularity, and all the MS store exclusive games like Forza, GoW, and Quantum Break.  Needless to say, many more are following
PS4 has internal
Canceled Blizzard game
No
Technically, the 3DS has a 3D display without requiring glasses, and in some games can look quite good, others, not so much. A lot of developers use the 3D differently too, I remember playing a lego Star Wars game on 3DS, and the 3D made it look as if the screen was the front face of a box, and you were looking down at the game happening inside of said box
Is that Rainmeter I see? If so, what's the clock called
Can confirm. On the last day of school a senior drew it on the board and under it said "when X happens"
The online mode is currently in closed beta IIRC. That said, you could pick up the not-so official multiplayer version to test the waters for when online does release.
Can confirm. Bought Wii U and don't regret it
The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess for the Gamecube. If that counts as the last few years :)
So just, DO IT
Is running over 500fps or so a bad thing? I have a 2D rhythm game that me and a couple friends play, and I get over 3000fps on my 970  Should I put a frame cap? Or is this "GPU working too hard" thing not an issue?   QUICK EDIT: I also get 1000+ in Halo 1
Thanks for the info, but something I noticed is the bat file instantly crashes on opening, any idea on how I could fix that? This is what's in my file:  -U -F http://etherocean.com:8888/0x94121B6404D095D1FA24454318FDEB143740260A/0
Specs? I'm using Alien Blue so I can't see your flair if you have one
200, warframe boost please, thanks for the giveaway OP!
Well, you could always become Aiden Pierce and press Q to hack them
Kiznaiver?
Well, now no instant crash but I get this message in CMD then windows says "ethminer.exe has stopped working"  "CUDA error in func 'ethash_cuda_miner::getNumDevices' at line 112 : initializati | (cuts off here and goes to a new line) on error."
Ah, I see, thanks for the heads up
Good automod
Skylake is worth it if you're getting an i3, as the 6100 is a beast for a dual-core CPU, and is probably one of the best budget CPUs on offer. Also, RAM is pretty cheap, you can get 16gb for around $40 last I saw
Warframe please, thanks!
Thanks for the info lol, Ill keep that in mind
Wait what's so important about his reveal? If it's not all that essential, could you fill me in?
A small graphics update for Half Life 2.   AFAIK, it was originally a mod, and Valve then implemented it into the Steam version of the game. It's no Crysis, but it certainly highlights how well the game's artstyle keeps up even after 12 years
"Please insert disc to start"  "Well shit..."
To be fair, that's after they fixed it
It is, in context
Because you dont see a single AA powering a 6700k. Also, a thousand fucking cores. Last time I checked, that's a lot
Most of us are used to needing a power supply, but the fact that a single battery can run a 1000 core processor is baffling to think about. It's not that it's difficult to understand, but rather its crazy to think about
If what I heard from others is correct, isnt this hovering around 970/390 performance, if so, it can max games at 1080p but it wont always be 60fps+
Just wait for partner cards. While the 480 has amazing price/perf, it wont offer nearly as big of a perf jump as the 1070
If it wasnt on the Windows Store, then that might be possible
Is it as god-tier as they say it is? I hear all this praise about gsync and now it's already in my "to-buy" list  1440p, 144hz gsync here I come!
As r/PCMR would say "may your frame rates be high and your temps low"
Isn't the 390 a decent jump over the 290x? Haven't checked myself but I always assumed it
Then why would OP center his post around the whole Oculus deal? Wouldn't this post be completely invalid then?
I saw another post where a guy got a deal on a 980ti for $350, don't know if the deal he got was still available though. I'm sure there's quite a few "used" options to get a 980ti which has about the same perf as a 1070, just 6gigs o' ram instead of 8
Every single one of the 50 mods on my game (with 40 having actual added content) works flawlessly with the base game. I've seen "legendary" versions of some mods that add a few extra features but that's it
Might as well call it "Day" at that point
He may have been paid to be there, but that doesn't mean he's supposed to say "building a gaming PC now"
Bethesda announced they'd have a demo at E3. And good on them, because after playing the demo I need my demon killing fix
