Generally not suspicious means they've got reasonable evidence that it was a suicide or there were obvious natural causes of death.  That's interesting in this case (in a dark way, sorry) though because she was found in the river.  Presumably there's evidence on her person or nearby that makes them confident she put herself in there.
Not to worry Scottish Lib Dems, it'll probably just result in a fine that can be forwarded to the JRF to cover.
...  How many times have you heard "Take Back Control!"  I'm no fan of Ruth Davidson but she's at least making an argument.
Are we? where?  Real life trumpeteers?  edit: ohh, I see them.
That's perfect man, thanks for the laugh
Yes.
Farage speaks while the pound tumbles in value...
Lets ask again now that its actually happened.
Why will things stabilise?  A lot of companies now have very little reason to be doing business in the UK.
No, rest assured that every newspaper in the land will be commissioning one though since everyone is asking the same question.
Well unless your home is a constituent country of the United Kingdom, probably not.
From her statement today she has reverted to her usual self and is vowing to oppose an independence referendum for Scotland.  She was elected by precisely the people who voted to Leave in Scotland last night.  She won't piss them off.
Good lads.  Rennie had given the impression during the May election campaign that he intended to be hard headed on any future referendum.
rite
No we're not.  Immigration is a reserved matter, UK has a one size fits all policy.
The Principality of London sounds pretty good doesn't it?
You're a good cunt.
Dense fruitcake wrapped in pastry.
Original article in German: http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2016-06/brexit-schottland-unabhaengigkeit-referendum-reaktionen-konsequenzen
Eck seems to just be sitting there with a sort of "this isn't my problem..." expression on his face :)
Why the fuck not?
Always happy to support people for excellent work.  I'll keep mine in my box of interesting things :)
Getting through to older people requires getting the media on board, at least as much of it as possible.  If the papers all take the same stance as last time we will lose again.  Daily papers can sell their readership their political opinions remarkably effectively, obviously some will never support independence but if we can get even some of the more moderate papers on board we stand a chance of being able to counter the inevitable scare tactics employed on pensioners.
Yes.  Scotland will need to establish a central bank and issue its own currency.
"lefties" no doubt.
Hahaha, that's a belter.
[North Sentinel Island](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Sentinel_Island).  See how they get along with the locals.
Lots of positive noises on Scotland so far.  Farage is on now so I've turned it off, better things to do than listen to him.  I'll no doubt get the gist of what he's said on the news later.
The Telegraph...
It's not out of the blue.   What is out of the blue is that people now believe they are right to actually express it beyond just nodding in agreement to some vicious tabloid headline or speech by Farage.
More than just people, whenever I switch on the TV and see a news report I get the distinct impression that the media don't believe it'll actually happen.  Sure there's the dramatic lead stories and footage of Farage telling the Jerries to go fuck themselves but the overall narrative seems to be one of disbelief and in some cases outright defiance - heavy focus on the doubts around anyone pushing the Article 50 button etc.
Yep.  Just look at the rapid growth of BF, EDL and increasingly more openly neo-nazi groups like NA.  They've hardly been shy in showing their colours, they're all cut from a similar cloth that mostly settled down in the 90s before springing back up in the 00s.
As predicted, no option other than Indy.  Time for the rest of the Scottish political parties to decide their stance: UK out of EU or Scotland in EU.
America, we invented roundabouts for this.  Get on it.
Sounds familiar...
Referrandum Day?
Ugh.
Aye it very much started again yesterday.
Statement from Carney.
Fucks sake.
Put it this way: the Scottish Ambulance Service is the only ambulance service in the UK to operate fixed wing aircraft for a reason.  It's expensive to provide adequate services in remote areas.
Winds up the brexiteers.
Apathy.
Christ, they don't give up do they?  Someone tell the right wing rags the election is over.
Good one :)
&gt; Not really an identifiable party of English nationalism  UKIP fit that bill, they made plenty of noise about Barnett this election too.
Ahh democracy.
Scottish Greens.
Aye, I'm sure the Westminster parliament will really listen to the SNP...  It's Labour who need to be pushing federalism and they consistently fail to do so for the simple reason that England does not want it.
He doesn't like reality.  I'll just leave him to it.
