Start with 12oz curls.  Move your way up to two 12oz curls.  Soon, 16oz curls are in your future.  Complete the regime with two 16oz curls.
Nearly 50% in downstream, about 1% upstream.  Their forums confirm that QoS doesn't use HW offloading, so QoS is a bit too CPU heavy.  Considering the overall speeds coming in, QoS likely isn't a BIG deal for me.  If you're getting FTTH, then the hit looks quite large.
A kiwi coming to eat all the tastiest food in LA?  [Pretty much](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/077/076/a1.jpg)
Demand does it all -- it's Econ 101.  Increasing the minimum will put more money into the pockets of people.  More money in their pockets (that isn't offset with higher expenses) will give them more money to spend.    &gt; Shouldn't the average wage be higher than the current minimum if the demand were already there? If not, I would think that raising would only lessen demand and create a surplus of workers.  The average wage *is* higher than the minimum, it's part of the definition differences between minimum and average.  You're looking at the raise in minimum wage purely from a business perspective.    Think about the situation if you're in the shoes of someone making the minimum -- you have MORE to spend.  YOU create a higher demand, NOT the business.  Now that YOU are demanding more of something, businesses will try to cater to your demands.  If one businesses can't handle the demand, more will follow.  Let's also remember that the minimum wages is for LA City and for businesses with &gt;=25 people.  If you opened a taco restaurant (we can always use more) and are employing 25 people, your business sounds like it's healthy and thriving.  Mom and pop shops that have less than 25 employees should be welcoming this sort of increase, as now they can have new customers available because there will be more demand.  &gt; but I thought an increased number of businesses is what creates the demand, then in turn pulling up the wage.  The opposite is actually true.  Businesses satisfy a demand.  If there are lots of businesses in the area, what's stopping them from lowering the wages?  You increase wages because you have to hire people to supply demand.  If you're over saturated in the ability to supply the demand, you don't need to pay high wages anymore and can easily let people go.  If you want to push your analogy in the other direction: why not open a high end wedding cake shop in the middle of the lowest income city?  You've now created business that can pay good wages (as your prices are high), but there isn't any demand in the area for your cakes with the high cost.  It would make no economical sense for this, but that's where your analogy can go.  (all analogies pushed to their extreme will fail)
For any and all encounters against birds, planes, light armor and infantry: you should be equipping the minigun.  The only time I would ever consider equipping the cannons is if I'm dedicated against armor (splash is nice against infantry).
&gt; I’ve been trying to understand why Tesla doesn’t offer the P85 (non-D) any more  Tesla's consolidation of having dual motors on all their cars is better their for manufacturing and R&amp;D -- fewer parts, the assumption can be made going forward.  I'm not a car engineer, but the future for electrical vehicles will exist with at least two motors and possibly up to four (isn't the Mercedes beast with four?).  With two motors, they both could be smaller than the original Model S' motor and still have the same amount of acceleration.  I'd be shocked if the Model X and Model 3 come without dual motors, as it's really the best way to reduce the size of each motor, while keeping the acceleration.
Model 3 will likely benefit more from having dual motor, than without.    Instead of having one really large motor (as with the model S), you can get away with two smaller motors that will still be snappy enough for a sedan to power a 0-60 time in sub 6 seconds (a "sporty" sedan).  Remember, the Model 3 will likely come somewhere 20-30% overall smaller, so anything to further reduce weight will be desired.
[Single motor is already gone](http://my.teslamotors.com/models/design)  With the launch of the 70D model, all shipping rides are now dual motor.
Mad Men, Band of Brothers, Community and House of Cards.
SRAW was simply too good at everything.  It could:  1. Hip fire.  Plenty of damage via hip fire, made it viable against infantry.  2. Laser lock.  Someone has a laser paint out and you could nail it with ease.  3. Slower movement made it easier to control, especially over long distances.  This single rocker launcher basically was almost as strong as RPG/SMAW, had lock on capabilities like Stinger/IGLA/JAV, it provided no warning when it was incoming to any vehicle AND it could easily turn 180 degrees (if you played Lockers, people would spam the TV across three corners to basically right behind themselves).  The nerf to the SRAW had made it more difficult to hit birds from large distances.  I've had a better time with the spring patch and the SRAW, mostly due to the speed increase.
Scouts are not the all powerful beast they were in BF3:  1. Counter measure cool down times are nearly 3x what they were.  2. Disability hits are crushing and happen once an AA lands.  3. Mini guns no longer damage armor, so you have to avoid them at ALL costs.  4. Repair time has drastically been increased.  You need two repair engineers to be the same speed as one engineer in BF3.  Let's list all the ways to remove the Scout:  1. AA missiles.  You need more than one, but dumb pilots are EASY to remove if you have two AA missiles.  2. Tanks.  Sabot is your friend.  3. Lasers + JAV  4. RPG/SMAW  The Scout bird is only really effective in maps with heavy amounts of cover.  Once you get into Dam or Golmund, the birds are way less effective.  I am both a pilot and a remover of these birds -- if I'm not flying in one, I'm quickly removing whatever is up in the sky.
Mostly straight forward course, but a lot of bunkers.
[Just missing one item...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ix7jqxXQ2I&amp;t=15)
He didn't say it tasted like champagne, as he originally stated he would in the first FIFA video.
One thing I've noticed with the sweeper: it can help healers out.  If I see a sweeper positioned in one area, I'm targeting that area for my ground forces.  Once they start getting hit, I'll throw out my healers and now I've got an even larger buffer zone for the healers to do their thing, without the ADs wrecking them as fast.  This isn't *all* bases and all situations, but it has happened on a few raids.
Mayo, spicy mustard, spoon.
Bandwidth on sat communications is huge.  Coverage via sat is also huge.  Latency is what sucks, but that is only important for a portion of what the net is currently used for.  At worst, you're looking at 1.5 seconds (1500ms) of time between a request and response.  With high bandwidth, it's enough to play youtube videos (not in HD), read your email and update your status on bookface.  When I was dealing with sat (early 2000s), you could get the entire trip to just under 800ms, but that was under some ideal conditions.  There are plenty of companies using sat communications (lots of gas stations with a CC component), they simply don't rely on it for low latency use.
And this is why we have six hour rounds.
&gt; I shouldnt have to worry about drivers though right since the hardware already has had its drivers installed?  If you're doing a clean install, you're going to need to install your drivers, again.
MobaXterm is the only Windows app that supports Mosh.
You'll be looking at the 19th hole soon enough.  If you're lucky, even the 20th!
Bought!  Now time to find a proper tub.
&gt; Does anyone know of any faster ways to get to the park?  Rent a car for a day.  The distance is ~33 miles and is at least a 45 minute drive (with no traffic).  Getting through the sections of LA/OC you need to, with public transportation, is quite a challenge.
What would be his nickname?  yesus?  yesus420yolo?
A fully charged TAP and Ultra juggle can kill at LEAST Seth and possibly Akuma.  Rog's TAP is one of the better tools to use against Akuma, so be warned!
100k/year is fine.  It will more depend on where you work and what commute you're willing to deal with.
Comparing Windows' install to a linux install is a completely different world of design goals.  &gt; Locked to a tiny resolution  With the sheer multitude of graphic cards available in the world, choosing 640x480 for just the install isn't a big deal.  Windows' goal is to quickly get you into the desktop and having some native resolution isn't going of any real benefit.  &gt; Bundles absolutely no software but the install script itself  What do you even mean here?  Operating systems involve managing things like userland, network stack, storage, etc.  Window installs several pieces of software that are incredibly useful: Internet Explorer (how else am I going to download Chrome?), notepad, cmd.exe, etc.  Most of the linux installers I deal with install next to nothing on boot (Ubuntu Server, Debian, CentOS, etc) and I have to go get them once the OS is installed and network has started.  &gt; Lacks drivers upon the first boot  What drivers are you talking about?  Are you talking a high end RAID card?  Video?  Sound?  Networking?  I can give you several examples where a stock CentOS install won't find specific pieces of equipment.    All most want with a Windows install is to find the networking card -- so we can finish up whatever is left.  &gt; Awful partition utility (although you can get by with shift+F10 and diskpart)  Windows Vista+ installer allows you to create several partitions off individual drives without needing diskpart.  What specific partitioning needs do you have that aren't feasible under Windows' GUI install?    Remember: Windows' goal is to get onto your drive and be your primary OS.  If you have needs beyond this, you simply need to plan accordingly.  &gt; Buggy as hell! Windows 7 has failed to install on any machine with at least one SSD and one HDD I've tried. It also randomly fails if you plug it into a USB 3 slot.  Out of the tens of millions of Windows' installs, there aren't nearly this many instances where it will fail.  Windows will NOT install onto USB drives, it will only accept a drive that doesn't appear removable (a design decision kept since the Windows 9x world).  Windows will never easily be installed onto a bootable drive (can be done, but with a lot of work) and this is well documented.  Linux is meant to fit into so many different needs and roles -- that's why it's install is significantly more flexible.  Windows is meant to be your primary OS and will play nice ... when possible.
&gt; Not a problem[1] .  Windows uses the VESA standards for it's graphical installers.  It started with a whopping 640x480, moved up to 800x600 and finally stepped up their game with 1024x768.  Why bother even trying to get native resolution when the installer works with keyboard hotkeys?  &gt; I am talking about the software bundled with the installation media. Essentially more than just the install script itself.  Windows' installer is fully scriptable to the point where you put the install key, activate and install other software.  [Link](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa372865\(v=vs.85\).aspx)  If you would like to change your Windows install, have at it.  &gt; Or provide yourself with the appropriate tools. You assume I have intrinsic knowledge of the machine I'm about to install Windows on.  What tool do you need?  During the Windows install, you can provide another drive with drivers for the RAID card you need to install.  The only thing Windows want to do is install to your drive, period.  All other things beyond where to install to aren't important and can be handled after the reboots.  &gt; Because the overwhelming majority of those are installed by OEMs onto standardized hardware. Trust me, they have much better tools to work with than just a USB drive and they absolutely do not run the Windows installer in the typical manner.  As I linked up above, the Windows installer can be fully customizable.  Take your install ISO, extract the files and rebuild your own ISO so that it fits your needs.  Corporations have specific needs, OEMs have completely different needs and it sounds like you have your own needs.  99.999% of the end users do not have the same needs.  &gt; Also, "works on my machine" is never a pertinent argument to make.  How many machines have you installed Windows7 on?  I've got a few hundred under my belt (volunteer at a local school district) and all of them were able to install Windows 7 without any issues.  The only machines that had issues (most machines were donated) with the installer were ones with RAID cards (use drivers) or EFI related BIOS (setting to legacy boot) items.  Windows' install decisions were built around one thing: install as soon as possible, so the user can use the GUI to complete the rest.  Because of this design decision, the only real limitation for the installer is finding valid, non-removable disks.  Previous Windows installers did all sorts of things with video, audio and networking -- all have been dropped to make the real dependency related to finding local disk.
&gt; What are the major downsides to them?  1. Weight. 2. Size (specifically, depth). 3. Geometry un-uniformity. 4. Custom calibration for all the different resolutions with respect to geometry, refresh rate, etc. 5. They *will* get blurry.
Attack birds and Scout birds?  Sweet!  Could we also get transport birds in there as well?
Replay the 2002 Western Conference Finals.
&gt; So now artists get to happily go back to being paid next to nothing for their work  What do *you* define as proper compensation for an artists work?  The RIAA and labels have their own definition, to which plenty of artists have agreed to those terms.  Every song out there has a myriad of pieces that need to get paid:  1. Studio time. 2. Producers. 3. Mixers. 4. Writers. 5. Performers (album and live are different, but we'll treat them the same in this argument).  Independent artists have little funds to rent studio time, hire producers, mixers and may be the only one performing the music for any given track or album -- this is why they seek representation from labels for their work.  Once they have representation, they can ask for loans to hire out the necessary people to finish their recordings.  Given all the people I listed, how much should Taylor Swift be making on her most recent single "Bad Blood"?  Clearly, she's performing on that track, check.  Did she write it?  Did she produce (fund) it?  Did she record it in her own studio?  Did she mix it?  How about the other musicians that played on that track ... where is their compensation?  If I'm looking at this correctly, Taylor Swift may "only" be 1/5th of the team it took to get that ONE single out to the masses.  Before we even try to calculate how much her one performance is worth, let's also forget the 800lb gorilla in the room: marketing.  Taylor Swift's face, name and voice is all over the place!  Imagine if she wasn't a household name and still had this single -- it likely wouldn't be nearly as popular.  Artists have a choice with their work.  Sign and they gain access to funds, marketing and a slew of resources to help bring their work to the masses.  Not sign and it will be entirely up to them (financially) to get their work out the the masses.  Contracts with the labels have been WELL scrutinized for 30+ years, it's very difficult to hide anything in them (anymore).
What are the Lakers' picks in 2016?  If we have possible picks in 1-3, it's almost a guarantee another Coach Scott tanking season is incoming.
Instead of $999.99 for flag ship, it's likely going to be $999.98.
Which does Capcom allow for multiple's of first: V-Skill or V-Trigger.  If I was a betting man, multiple V-Trigger's will come in a year+ from release.
Just remember that for handicapping purposes, you stop counting at 8.  I've got a base rule of being done with a hole a double par: tolerable on par 3s, ugh on par4s and painful on par5s.
&gt; My main concern with choosing clubs is control. I want to be able to hit the ball straight.  This is a path issue, not a shaft stiffness issue.  Your listed swing speeds of the driver are right in between R and S stiffness.  Some shafts will easily have you in R and others will have you starting off in S stiffness.  &gt; I'm happy with my distance which is 250 on a good drive  At around 100mph, this is about the max drive distance you're going to get.  I swing at around that speed and had a few 250 yard "bombs" yesterday.  &gt; If I have to sacrifice 20 yards of distance for more control then I'll still come out ahead in the long run.  Until you are absolutely dedicated to a workout routine to get your swing speeds much faster (we're talking 110/115+, which is crazy fast), the differences in the shaft are going to make nearly that much difference.  The most common thing from a shaft that isn't stiff enough are the ball going really high into the air with both slices and hooks.  You've indicated you're slicing the ball often, this indicates a path+face problem and not a shaft problem.  &gt;  Which from what I have found on other forums will be the result with a stiffer club. Is that information accurate?  Golf is heavily about "feel".  If you don't like the "feel" of something, it gets in your head and your confidence goes to shit, making you perform poorly.  Having confidence in your equipment (aided by "feel") will make you perform better.  Many golfers prefer the "feel" of a S club, but their performance could likely be better with an R instead (possibly with more weight in the shaft).  What I'm saying to you is: at the swing speeds you're listing, the differences in those shafts won't make a dramatic difference.  It's probably better than you fix your path+face issues, as that's the real cause of your slice.
&gt; Virtual DVR. Instead of making me pay for a capacity-limited physical DVR in my home and deal with picking things to record, they could have recorded everything at their end and made it available to me on-demand on both the TV and computer.  This exists in very restricted manners.  DirecTV has this, but only for the shows allowed to be streamed (again, it's a license issue).  I'm sure other providers have the same as well.  The reality is: it's merely a wrapper for the already existing IP streaming service between DirecTV and the content owner.
Can someone please explain to me why citizens of a specific state cannot purchase the same health insurance, as their state or local representatives?  If my tax dollars are going to their paycheck and insurance, why can I also not use the same resources?
New resources to farm!
After hitting a G30 a few months back (and carrying that damned gulley), I'm very interested in the stats for this bad boy.
Stock chip?  Not over clocking?  Stock cooler is going to be plenty fine.  Would another cooler be quieter?  Yes.  Will your GPU be noisier than your CPU?  Very likely!
&gt; Is it a bad idea to buy a driver that I saw on Rockbottom golf and then potentially get it fitted later?   While I'm a fan of Rockbottom, go to your local golf store that sells used drivers and go hit them.  Even without a proper fitting, you can hit a few different ones to get a feel of performance, sound, looks, etc.  &gt; Should I just go in an get fitted and buy from the store? I'd rather not waste money if I don't need to.  Get a year+ old ... something.  Ping is just releasing their new drivers, so their G30 and G25s are going to be on sale and possibly already in the used section of your local used golf mega mart.  Get into the trackman and find something you enjoy.
&gt; I need a strategy guide against zangief any help much appreciated?  Gief has a tough as hell time against the MP fireball.  Your basic goto against Gief is to toss fireballs and that MP fireball is the one that really gives him fits.  HP fireball isn't too bad either (esp when he's closer to the corner), but he can stand still or GH to get up on you.  Great tools against Gief are: s.MK, s.HP.  Your goal is to keep Gief out and he really can't do much against those normals once he's blocked.  c.HK is a great tool against Gief, as most players want to walk forward (to prep for GH use) and the sweep is insanely fast.  IHMO, the MU is likely 6-4/5.5-4.5 in Gouken's favor.
Electric cars are *all* about that lease!  You're paying a fraction of the overall price AND the impending battery issue isn't YOUR problem.  Pennies to recharge at home?  EV cars are VERY viable when you meet the "right" conditions.
Been using this for about a day: very fast, very responsive.  Free version downloads only linux ISOs, whereas the pay version will allow for any ISO.  Definitely feels snappier than VirtualBox (which isn't saying much), well worth a few hours if you haven't paid for the commercial products.  I'm very interested on how well this works with Docker-like things, port mapping, disk redirection, etc.
&gt; http://technodrone.blogspot.com/2016/01/native-mac-osx-virtualization-with.html  This is the post that I found that led me to it!  Lots of great potential here, very good stuff.
Heavy hog raids.  30 hogs and the rest filled with Minions for cleanup.
AKA Attack Chopper's play pen.  If Dawnbreaker didn't have jets or MAA, that map would also be another Attack Chopper's play pen.
What makes it tough?  The execution of the move, the timing of when to initiate it?
