To be fair, Mona acted dumb at times and her best friend Hanna didn't know that she was A.
The boys look alike and I think that Charles has been confirmed as a diLaurentis. He is either a twin, cousin, or half brother to Jason.  Andrew can't be one of the boys as he is Ali's age.
Ali was Toby's neighbour for a long time if I recall correctly. It would be extremely difficult to pass a kid off as being four years younger than they are. You can't say, pass an  eight year old off as a four year old.
Velvet. And fake flowers on hats.
But Wren has been in England. A has been pretty hands on and would have had the satisfaction of watching the girls suffer. Charles is/was a diLaurentis so how would you explain that relationship? And Charles in the video has blue eyes.
We don't have to literally see him in England as Spencer's mother was communicating with him and Melissa. If I recall correctly, Spencer said that staying with them was fine. There's no reason to not believe that he and Melissa aren't in England apart from saying that they aren't to fit a theory. A bit like how we don't need to literally see where the parents are if they're not relevant to the plot.
'Well the last train out to Sydney's almost gone'.
'I like Aeroplane Jelly...'.  'My dad picks his nose...'.
Jason and Andrew are different ages. Andrew is the same age as the girls.
Cece is quite a bit older than Ali. We can assume that the two yellow dresses were identical so it's very unlikely that Cece and Ali would have been the same size when they were kids.
But why would the parents go along with that? That seems twisted even for PLL that they forced him to be his dead brother.
Andrew has lived in Rosewood for quite a while. You can't pass off a kid as being seven years younger than they are.
Is that a euphemism?
You're lucky you've never had to deal with a cockamouse.
Emily is getting Single White Female'd.
Unlikely that Toby is Charles. There is about a five year difference between them and it would very difficult to pass a kid as being five years younger than they are.
Ayy...lmao.
It could be Dean and Egg unfortunately. Both of them had a relationship of sorts with Spencer. And I think it was Egg who said that he had lived in Rosewood before.
The Unbreakably Kimmy Schmidt. Great comedic cast, odd, dark, funny.
Then who do you think the body was? We hardly know anything about Bethany as it is. I doubt that they would introduce ANOTHER girl who was most likely there that night and wearing a yellow top.
Common complaint on this sub is the revolving new characters.
The kids would have known but we're not the kids. The audience could have had theories about the name but nothing was confirmed till the finale.
Dean was Spencer's sobriety coach. Egg is the guy who was living in the barn, who graffiti'd, stole the art, kissed Spencer, and got arrested by Toby. Annoying trouble maker.
I use it every day so it's worth the price. I haven't seen many stylish, light, long battery life, sturdy laptops in that price range. MacBooks maintain their resale value better than other laptops.
Ina
Merci. Tres desole.
Sci, that's terrible.
Honey, it will be alright.
Lyam disease.
They sound like characters in a children's book.
I can send you a cigarette butt pic.
But Australians don't refer to Aboriginals as 'blacks'. We use 'Aboriginal or Torres Straight Island background'.
Haha. Fair skinned people, that is.
Or something as simple as they had guests over and didn't want anyone to know that they were moving.
You can see muscles. You can't really tell somebody's profession in an environment like a bar unless they're in their work gear.
Is 69 the 27 for film stars? I love him reading poetry.
RIP Alan Rickman.
Fight or flight response.
The Templestowe Hotel's buffet is surprisingly decent for a buffet, though a bit out of the way. It's only about $30. China Bar Buffet in Burwood isn't bad either.
Quick Google search says that the second book is most likely 'Heroes' by Robert Cormier.
Queef of Farts!
Influenced no doubt by The Craft and Charmed. Light as a feather, stiff as a board.
They Shoot Gilmores, Don't They is an excellent episode with plenty of conflict. It's a spoiler but there's a lot of physical attraction between Rory and Jess which Dean notices so Dean breaks up with her. Lorelei has a moment with Luke when she breaks her shoe. We meet the adorable Dave Rygalski. And the dance marathon itself is ridiculous with Taylor and Kirk being their truest selves.
Possible though as you have experience though yea, you're crazy. Depending on how hard you work and if things don't go majorly wrong with the flooring like asbestos and termites, you should be okay. Is it only the wet areas that have lino? Kitchen appliance installations shouldn't take that long if you have a professional doing it so only a few hours on the same day. You need to take into account things like rubbish removal and need a backup plan should anything go wrong with the tiling. It will be so good coming home to a nicely done house after the honeymoon.
It has! 80s and 90s nights are popular at bars and weddings. Spice Girls and BSB 4 lyf. People love nostalgic songs and I may not know much about the Top 40 but we can know the lyrics to retro pop.
Irregardless is a word though non standard. It's used in speech and writing.
That's a relatively popular funeral song. Most of the people who request it they think they're being ironic.
A traffic jam when you're already late.
Having somebody else do household chores and pay the bills whilst you find ways to amuse yourself and pass the time.
Far Queue would also be a good title.
