boots look great. waxed laces over rawhide is kooky talk, though.
So who's going to sack up and do what needs doing on these EG shell derbies from the MrP sale? http://www.mrporter.com/en-us/mens/edward_green/windermere-cordovan-leather-derby-shoes/465706
These look great! The last definitely reminds me of the OSB trench, but for half the price it seems like a great buy. The stitching all looks super tidy, and it has a great matte black finish. What's the outsole like? Commando lugged?  Anyways, these seem like a great pickup for the price.
&gt; No eyelets though. We save you money by having you punch your own!
Wait what? Rancourt makes SWBs?
quick follow up, did you get hit with any customs from oki-ni?
super cool, love the RO heel counter
holy shit, look at this. [almost every size still available](http://viberg.com/collections/footwear/products/service-boot-brown-chromexcel)
&gt; So if I understand you correctly, the RL Marlow comes in only one brown shell color that they officially call "dark brown", but people sometimes refer to it as "cigar".  I have no idea how many colors RL shell comes in, so I'm not sure if this is true or not. Shell can look very different in different colors though, so it's entirely possible those are the same shoe.
Down a half for 2030, down a whole for 110.
Not even close. Chicago.
No. It was stated in the SF forum that Guy said that for certain leathers (shell in particular), GYW was easier to work with, but it's not contained in their [official GYW announcement post](http://viberg.com/blogs/journal/25558660-introducing-goodyear-welt), so should probably be treated as hearsay/speculation.
Answers to a few of these are already known/knowable. Still think it's totally worth asking directly, but fwiw, here are a few quick thoughts on some of these:   &gt; What was the decision making process behind the in-person sample sale in NYC? Do you foresee ever moving back to an online sample sale?  Brett Viberg said somewhere on Instagram that this was simpler logistically, and wouldn't do another digital sample sale for the foreseeable future.    &gt; -How do you think sales of the welted fashion boots have gone compared to your stitchdown fashion boots? What feedback have you gotten so far on the welted offerings?  Sales are demonstrably poor, as evidenced by the near full availability of the brown cxl service boot several weeks after release, when they usually sell out within a couple days... Also, feedback on all social media has been overwhelmingly negative, so expect either to have this one ignored, or get a political response.   &gt; -Roughly what percentage of business is from fashion vs. your traditional logger and workboots? Do you see this expanding in coming years?  It was mentioned on SF that it's ~90% fashion these days.
the Black RO are great
Your toes really shouldnt ever touch the front of the boot. If the widest part of your foot sits at the widest part of the boot, that's definitely a good sign, but not the only indicator of perfect fit. Overall if they feel comfortable and fit snug in all the right places, you're probably good to go, and space in front of your toe isn't cause for concern.
i mean, there's already Jdate which, aside from the puntastic name, pretty much is OkJewpid.
winner
&gt; South Park Stick of Truth  I'm about an hour into this and am getting a little frustrated. You really think its worth sticking with?
Here you go http://shoplostfound.com/collections/viberg/products/viberg-natural-chromexcel-service-boot
If anyone's willing to proxy me a size 10 gyw derby shoe (preferably olive calf) from the sample sale, hmu. Will compensate for your time.
On a boot of this caliber, is the grain embossed or authentic?
[The Onion, pertinent as usual](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/hunter-s-thompson-shoots-mouth-off-one-last-time-9694)
porntipsguzzardo
*diabolicaljesus
i can do that when i get home, though unfortunately I suspect the results aren't as conclusive as you're hoping for. All of my 2030 lasted boots have relatively different toe shapes to one another, as each leather takes the shape of the last quite differently.
probably natty cxl, they're just so cool, but close would be the tan calf just because the color is so unique, and because the delicate, thin calf leather really takes the shape of the 2030 last so well and gives a nice taper to the toe that the others don't quite get.
Dayton service boots in charcoal.
Which charcoal, textured boot should I buy: RBC Dundalk or Dayton Service Boot?
&gt; Does anyone know how should I size in those?  Size in what?
oh cool, those Eastland mocs? Those are great, how do you like them?
Just a heads up for anyone that looked at my RBC renderings:   After looking at them again in the morning, t's possible the olive should be a bit greener/olive-ier, the charcoal should be a bit darker, and the cognac should be a little less saturated in its orange-ness. In doing these recolorings there's definitely a bit of guesswork, especially as you try to account for the lighting of the environment the boots are in.  Case in point, the tone of the room is already pretty yellow/orange, which will make things that have a yellowish cast to them look less yellow, hence why the olive boots appear a bit grey here. If they were outdoors or in a more neutral environment, they will look a bit greener. But it's difficult to know for certain how accurately I've captured how this particular leather would look in this particular light.  As such, treat these pics as a sort of rough guide, and use/rely on them at your own discretion
oh totally misread your post. dang.
http://www.amazon.com/Strong-Flat-Waxed-Shoe-Laces/dp/B007B8SKL0
It's honestly just not a fight you're really ever going to win. When the lease is up, try to find people who live a lifestyle more compatible with yours.
voted!
im not, i just googled the model and it came up.
I've literally never seen a watch that old with a case diameter that large. I'm sure they do exist (or used to at least), but finding one that also meets your other conditions sounds extremely difficult, and if somehow all those stars align, be prepared to pay through the nose.
if /r/goodyearwelt counts (which it sort of does as long as you also post your shoes) then yes!
Such watches are sold every day on ebay. There are various reasons you might not want to use them, but safety isn't really one of them. In addition, I just bought a rolex through Watchuseek without any issue.   I also don't understand what kind of AD doesn't have a return policy. That and the warranty are the literal only reasons to buy through an AD. Now that window might have elapsed and it could now be too late, but it would surprise me if that had never been an option if it was truly purchased through an AD.   Start by listing it on Ebay, Amazon and in the watchexchange sub. You can also try listing it on watchuseek, rolexforum, etc., but your lack of prior posting history might be an obstacle for those sites.   List it at a slight loss and see what happens. If no one bites, you honestly don't have a ton of other options, except to keep lowering the price, or waiting for the right buyer to come along.
Nothing wrong with posting here, but I'd also recommend going to watchrecon, set a budget of ~$650-700 (people will usually negotiate), and just browse around. Even if you don't end up buying or offering anything on there, it will give you a good idea of what options are available at that price range.
yep, this is what i did.
what do you like better about it, the darker color?
There's too much variance in this price range to give particularly useful advice without any direction. At this budget you can get a watch in almost any style you can imagine.   People have suggested watches in this thread that I would never be caught dead wearing, but different folks for different folks, and whatnot.   I would personally get either a Rolex SubC or [IWC portuguese](http://www.uhren-fan.de/img/articles/03.0405_1.jpg) if you like something sporty, or something like this [JLC](http://www.chrono24.com/en/jaegerlecoultre/master-ultra-thin-moon-39-stainless-steel--id3432754.htm) for something dressier.  But who cares what I like? What do you like?
Parnis makes a knockoff Portuguese that's like $120.
&gt; 14060  Looking for one myself, please pm me with info or a listing!
[Let's go exploring] (http://i.imgur.com/6wQqCzX.jpg)
&gt; the new but used  the what?
Very nice boots! Great pickup.   One quick clarification, #8 and #16 aren't related to one another, so your description is a bit confusing/misleading.   Color #8 is the name of a dye blend used by Horween in Chicago, and refers to the red concentration in the dye. #2 is bright, fire engine red, #4 is a more cherry red, and #8 is a dark burgundy.   Color 16 is not anything I've ever heard of. But the description notes that the horsehide is Italian, making it likely this leather is from Comipel. Color 16 must be one of their color gradations, but it's not something that would be commonly understood, and isn't related to #8 at all.
i bought a nomos tangente off chrono24. Deal went off just fine, so I can't speak to what happens if anything goes wrong.
Sounds like he was out of town on business.
