Immortality.
Okay, first. Biological immortals - the Centurions. A group of powerful human beings who, thanks to a number of scientific innovations, cannot age. They can still die, so they aren't necessarily immortal, but they are immortal in that they live forever. Of course, by the time the main story takes place, most of them are dead, but that's irrelevant to this question.  As for Gods, there are two main godlike beings in my world - the first(though I hesitate to order them first and second) are the Sentinels of Dawn, mechanized warriors cast in the early dawn of Time to protect and serve the Empire. Eons after the it has faded away into disexistence, they still stand guard, waiting for the day when the heir returns to bring the Empire back to it's former glory.  The second is an oddity - they are, quite simply, the Past, Present, and Future, manifested as physical entities. It's weird - I know, but the way it ties into the story works it out to be a pretty cool concept.
Bastille's cover of ['What Would You Do?'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceYjUymR-wo), [original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LahcSFleKm8) by City High.
Hydrogen by M.O.O.N.
Dune has all your answers, really.
pic for proof?
Do you think this bag will fit in my car?
GO PACK GO
Firefly....damn you Fox, damn you!
Basically, yes?
&gt;Even with rice he said it was 4/10.... man I gotta sleep my game up  FTFY
Played Hotline Miami
Well I mean he's also have a thousand years worth of reddit archived on his phone
Yeah, I imagine the first accidental suicide being back in 1015 A.D. would really change how we approach gun control laws.
An interstellar spaceship that travels just below the speed of light with cryogenic chambers on board.  There I am, 1015 era Rome. Spaceship sitting out on the field. People running out, curious. The pope is asking if he can come on board. Yeah, the pope. So we get on board, and we launch.  Once we're out in space, we launch a curved trajectory that will take us a thousand and fifteen years to complete and land us in 2030. Me and the Pope hop out of our ship and start smokin' a joint cause by then it's legal everywhere
I understand the students chose, but I still don't understand how there was no permission slip the parents had to sign - that seems like something they'd be required to have.
Remindme! 24 hours.
Florida man ~~strikes~~ twerks again!
Killing.
yeah, the light just hasn't reached us yet
Its okay, nobody said anything nice anyway
:(
and alcohol
We have a pretty damn high crime rate.
Owl Cities - Fireflies
Grip by Bastille
Rape
Thanks :)
Aw.
How much?
When?
Just tell me where
Guess you guys weren't playing the Last of Us
Well apparently he now has the land
Gotta love Curve
If you haven't already, go to Sanctuary and take on the side missions - there should be a ton there and it'll help you level up.
Immortality.
Sounds like a party to me
Spin it around to make it look like I'm innocent, ort if I know there's no way to do that, lessen the severity of it.
Oh, well, see, as I read the rest of your comment, it just gets worse and worse after the whole 'confidence' bit....  It's gonna be a long eventually.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE YOUNG MAN?? DON'T MAKE ME CALL THE POLICE I SWEAR I WILL
I can't wait till Elon Musk starts building a base on this guys property and he tries to sue him and Elon is just like, "Hahahaha suck my rocketship."
Link?
Gotta love the picture they used...fits the title perfectly
Penis
I hear George Washington gives sick head
I hear Ferguson is pretty racist.
Fax machines
Same :(
Lucky
