Yeah IL2-CLOD with the Team Fusion mods is still kicking. It's hyper realistic.
"Part IV - Your Left Wing!"
German words are long and say a lot. This says, "Will only destroy pillboxes and tanks with a direct hit... and then it still may not destroy them."
Do you have any pics of what vehicle/mod RP costs were a year ago? Maybe that's where the increase happened.
I wonder what would happen if you ran local host as a Google site translate page.
Or spade yer Spit in Tier III matches. It's usually a game of spank the yank.
Hah! Post if it works. That would be pretty awesome.
We've been talking about the F6F.
I'll upvote that. ;)
"Hope is a mistake. If you can't fix what's broken, you will go insane." -Mad Max
Nice! Thanks for the update. How cool is that?
International tree?
Just in case anyone missed the update buried in this thread, Gaijin gave this the green light. - http://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/244539-cover-me/
Not exactly, that's just trading down 2x cannons for 4x 7.7's. And the Vb Trop is oddly slower. It's not really what I was getting at anyway. Drop 2 cannons off the Vc and you have a lighter, faster and more nimble Tier III Spit with a punch. It's not just some crazy idea of mine either. The Russians got some Spits as part of the Lend-Lease program and the first thing they did was pull the 7.7's because they weren't worth the added weight. They called them paint scratchers... lol.
I've seen it in some war movies/shows like Blackhawk Down and Generation Kill. It's not the weight... it's the heat from the just fired round which usually goes down the soldier's collar and he's like "Ow! Ow! Ow!"... lol.
BFG.
Seen what? A military exercise in Hokkaido? Throw us a bone here OP.
The max crit speed changed again since I last checked it then. Then again, I noticed they laxed out the rip speed on several other planes as well. It seems that whenever they make broad FM changes (even sometimes just to try something unrelated to speed) the Ki-43-III FM often changes drastically. It changed at least a half dozen times in the month after the last big update. I recall one instance not too long ago where the controls would totally freeze at 450 kph. But yeah, like I said before, it's diving a bit too fast. Then again, other planes can dive faster with a more forgiving break apart speed now as well. Also, many planes seem to fly a bit faster than their historical specs in game so it's probably a balance thing. Anyway, I guess this is what happens when they focus on releasing more planes instead of refining the FM's. Lots of bugs slip under their radar with so many planes to test. All you can do is keep posting bug reports in the FM section of their moderated forums.
Even the name is f'd up. It sounds like a medical name for some mysterious part of the vagina.
Flair your post so it can be upvoted btw.
The tane tictates the tumber of tiny tim tockets tou tan tire.
Is that font in google translate 'cuz I could barely read that shit. Cool 'toons otherwise. ;)
Shoot the gas!
Do you have any natural resources that make it worth for me to invade you?
Other than taking away target tracking, RB and SB FM's don't feel any different to me. Head tracking is the only game changer that I can think of with playing find the dot in SB.
But aiming is only a part of the game. Maneuvering to pull lead is another story. Still... I don't have problems aiming and hitting with a stick.
I didn't even know it was possible to fly stick with the instructor. I don't recall seeing it in the setup or game options anyway.
Once again, I never noticed anything odd that couldn't be attributed to an inexperienced pilot or unspaded plane. Planes generally feel like they have the same advantages and disadvantages across the board based on their FM more than anything else.
No, that very well could be the case.
Tere's ta tiny tim tuck tin ty teeth.
It's summer so pasty faced pilots climb out of their hole and go outside. Don't worry, they'll get bored of nature and miss shooting at airplanes so they'll come back soon enough.
The 3.0-5.0'ish BR Spits fly great but the 7.7's just aren't hacking it. Their armaments are based on history so the only Brit turn-fighters with a real punch are the Mk Vc and the Mk XVI (which are incidentally what I fly) as who has time to scratch the paint on armored planes and bombers with 7.7's when cannons (with sufficient ammo) are a quick kill and onto the next target.
OP's talking about buying a premium... so yeah... talking about spending money on the game (or not) is relevant.
Controversial!
Yup, leading edge slats. Apparently the automatic version would make a loud bang when they deployed and scare the hell out of new pilots flying the plane to its limits for the first time.
Some useful common words when flying Japan include honorabru, emporu and Tennoheika Banzai!!!
+1 for reduce throttle, apply rudder counter to the spin direction, nose down and turn ailerons in direction of the spin once they have some lift. Results will vary by additionally extending flaps, lowering gear and firing guns but those are desperate cheesy methods.
It depends.
You mean chem-trails!
Hahaha nice! We needed a good laff around here.
Relevant - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtCOScRuaXk
You can't just throw that stuff away!
Need an RB and SB one. Also, alphabetize that shit.
+1 GGG - "Good Guy Gaijin"
EDIT: My reply became long enough where I felt it was time to address the constant American pilot bashing here with its own post. - http://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/3a84s4/why_i_think_its_time_to_stop_bashing_american/
Yeah I didn't even get into the broken US plane FM's. The post was already getting too long and those things change a lot.
I wrote this in the perspective of who the US fights, everyone was stated in the right context and if you read it again you'll see that no term was used interchangeably. As the other poster already explained, Allied means US/UK/Russia, Axis means Germany/Japan, Rusky means Russia, etc.  Also, based on sheer number of guns and rounds... the Brits primary used 7.7's and while 120 cannon rounds may have been sufficient for them IRL... it isn't in the game compared to enemy armament.
I said it in the post and comments but these are observations from playing mid-tier US as this is where I see the yank bashing pics posted on this sub all the time which is what helps to give them a bad rep. US planes and pilots definitely do better at Tier IV and above.  It also doesn't mean that what (at least some of) what you're saying isn't true. I'm just trying to look at it objectively as to why it's happening at all. So when someone posts a game result pic of a US team half made up of BTD's and B25's getting slaughtered... to any experienced US pilot it's like, "No shit Sherlock!".
I've seen this tried and one time watched a single 190 quickly take out 3x B17's before I could even close a 2km gap.
All I can say is to try following a Trop in a high speed diving roll or high loop with any mid-tier US plane that has reasonably good turning ability. Turning up while you dive on them is their standard counter-move. Even the Mk IX Spit can have a hard time at high speed. It's not nearly as hard to do against 109's than it is with Yak's though.
