You use to be able to find John Gruden at Hooters just about every time you walked in.
The NFL would fine him for making a gun gesture.
Magic bullet. Nothing magic about it. In reality it just sits in your cupboard taking up room.
Yall need to calm the fuck down
inb4 "hit the gym, bro"
Probably not enough o-lineman on the field
Bottled water  Monster HDMI cables  Beats by Dre  amirite guys?
Thanks?
I don't know what I'm supposed to do with this information. Thanks?
Holy fuck, I can see you jerkin UK dick from all the way over here.
All he had to do was add bottled water and he would have been golden.
Not confused. I just happened to watch Old School last night and thought that quote would fit right in to this post.
Old School
Umm what? I'm so confused right now.
You got a fucking dart in your kneck
Nah I'm good. Sorry for being funny.
The top answer is always Cailou in these.
This sums it up for me:  sorry is the fool who trades his soul for a corvette   thinks he'll get the girl, he'll only get the mechanic   what's missing? he's living a day he'll soon forget   that's one more time around, the sun is going down   the moon is out, but he's drunk and shouting, putting people down   he's pissing, he's living a day he'll soon forget   counts his money every morning   the only thing that keeps him horny  locked in a giant house, that's alarming   the townsfolk, they all laugh   sorry is the fool who trades his love for high-rise rent   seems the more you make, equals the loneliness you get   and it's fitting, he's barely living, a day he'll soon forget   that's one more time around, there is not a sound  he's lying dead clutching benjamins, never put the money down   he's stiffening, we're all whistling   a man we'll soon forget
You can check to see what excursions are available the day of her birthday or whenever during the trip. Perhaps pay for one that you will know she'll enjoy.
Makes sense to me. How many different ways can I tell her that I want a BJ
Make me fries
[Yeah, umm about that](http://imgur.com/Ufbr5ej)
As a vendor (not of lighting) the first step to sell your equipment is to a.) get in the engineers specs or better yet b.) be basis of design. How exactly is that shady? We vendors have our engineers that love us and some prefer other vendors. Sure we take them to lunch, drinks and such but thats just part of sales.
A little hard to give specific advice when you did not give us any specifics about what makes him grumpy or what causes the tantrums. So I'd just like to say it's just a phase and it will pass.
Yes
Shout out to all the people who don't know what the opposite of IN is
&gt; I'm in a gangsta-rap video, I leave.  There was black people there
I'm guessing that you took your ball and went home when you weren't picked.
My suggestion is to ask your doctors.
[Here's one posted just a few days ago.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/5qopvw/super_bowl_li_prop_bet_sheet/)   There were a few more if you google "SB prop bets reddit". You could probably find them on other sites too.
Yeah just don't wait until 30 minutes before kick off
Doesn't seem like he was lying when he was telling everyone you're insane.
Was almost legal in FL at a .086. That extra 6 got him
Bud Light
Unless you're at the bar everyday I wouldn't stock limes. Buy those when you know guest are coming over. You'll probably want some mixers (? like little straws to stir), cocktail napkins or coasters, keep a towel or two in there, the little rubber mat thing that you poor drinks on, those metal cups that they shake shit up with, salt, a couple bottle openers. You get the gist, non perishable shit.    As far as drinks. I believe there's an app that will tell you every drink ever. I'd also get a book that has the basics covered.
There's actually been some studies done. It's very early to draw conclusions but it seems mass shootings happen in clusters. Same with suicide amongst younger people.
Lol that's probably true
Get a very basic cook book. If you can read and follow directions, you can cook.
9
I'd look into what they call "wall racks" if you really want them flat. A lot of places use these for blueprints. They even have mobile ones on wheels.   [Here's what I'm talking about. This is a wall one](https://www.amazon.com/Safco-5030-Sheet-Hanging-Clamps/dp/B00006IC1Q/ref=sr_1_cc_5?s=aps&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1516206375&amp;sr=1-5-catcorr&amp;keywords=poster+rack)
Go towards the bottom of that link, to the what others have viewed section, and they have one on wheels. Could probably fit in the corner of a closet.
This is called bottle rot. It wasn't because it was strawberry milk. It could be regular milk or juice and do the same. You are not supposed to let a child go to sleep sucking on a bottle (water would probably be fine though). Some parents just elect to do it because it was easier to get them to sleep at the time and then eventually stuck with it. Also some new parents don't know about it.
What country are you in?
If you're a girl and only a friend. You're getting treated the same as one of my bros. Same convos, jokes, outings, everything.
"She posted a selfie on facebook so I dumped her. I can't deal with that level of narcissist" - reddit
Those and just about everything else imaginable. There's not enough pages on the internet to type them all out.
To answer your questions.   Yes  Yes  Doubtful
Hmm well if he's within the city of Boulder, [here's their website](https://bouldercolorado.gov/police/request-crime-reports-records) with instructions on how to obtain records. That said, it looks like they charge for their records.   Here in Florida, all records are public so it's free.
2% difference. Check my math though, it's been a while.
If you're ok working/living in a college town being surrounded in pussy then it's as good as any place.   It's not too far of a drive to awesome beaches.   Can get a little redneckish the further away from the college you get.   It does get hot down here. Leave your ice fishing equipment back in MN.
