Engineers also accounts for people running in vehicles a lot, so you might see similar numbers for medics and engineers.
ah, whoops.
More Uchiha dickery, but that happens every chapter so it doesn't really need to be said.
...And promptly move onto the second biggest problem: the big crunch. Oh well, you win some, you lose dome :P
No, the 1.71 figure is the square root of 3 divided by two, like how 2 is the square root of 4 divided by two.  Screens are in two dimensions, which is why this happens
/r/niceguys  edit: this is, in fact, a troll. A good one, but a troll nonetheless.
Not like a prank, but like one of those series of pictures where people take an object on a trip with them then take pictures of them with that object. The joke would be that he brought something as ridiculous as a cardboard cutout of a waifu. (That is, assuming he doesn't actually think it's his waifu. HE very well might-- I just don't know without being provided more context than a reddit title.)
Itachi-senpai-kun would like to disagree with you.
Ahh, makes sense.
&gt;Asari_Lover  You don't get a say, you filthy alien loving heretic. I bet you keep illicit vanu pornography in your bunk, too!  Report to your nearest commissar, for immediate application of BLAM.
Since it clearly bypasses the timer placing cooldown, a game mechanic specifically included for balance.
Bwuh?
What does its TTK against ESF's look like?
Consoles nost definitely caused inssues in planetside,  especially when theymerged the codebases.
If literally the only thing you do is capture points, you're still more valuable than every other unit in the game, because the entire point of the game is to capture bases.
Wait a second. Zabuza is around kakashi's age, and grew up with yagura. How, then, could yagura get isobu after rin?
IIRC, the chidori pushes you forward even faster, due to it's chakra nature.  Fun fact- the rasenshruiken moves around mach 10, as some people calculated during the pein fight.
If he wanted to get noticed for teamkilling, he probably shouldn't have chosen nc
Odds to evens they use planetside 2's model and only bother rendering so many of the players in a system. For example, in a 50 person instance, you'll only be getting information on the nearest 30 or so.
In effect, it actually sounds pretty similar.
Please don't make this an empire-bashing thing. The PPA is still in a similar position.
Actually, the banshee still oneclips maxes. You need near 100% accuracy to do so, thoughm
\&gt; implying any recent fps isn't
And? The secondaries don't increase the killing power of the banshee. The make the ESF more versatile, but don't affect whether the weapon itself is overpowered or underpowered.
Your comment's argument (or at least one of them) basically boiled down to " since two ESF's are better than a liberator, ESF's are overpowered." it wasn't your only argument, but it's the one I was referring to.
Filthy NC, you deserve to be cleansed by the might of the TERRAN REPUBLIC. Already, our commisars are preparing their commisar hats and commissioners to execute you and your terrorist brethren.  LOYALTY.   HONOR.   COURAGE.   TR.
PS2 is notoriously CPU intensive, because your computer has to jump through a lot of hoops to figure out what all the dozens or hundreds of players close enough to affect you are doing. You're getting a 300m radius of data from infantry, and up to 900m depending on vehicle (galaxies render furthest, because, of their size.)
Ps2 has it's own unique flight model to compensate for the low flight ceiling but comparatively large map. Because literally every aircraft is VTOL, a specialized combat maneuver called the reverse maneuver has been developed. I can't give exact instructions because I'm a PC player, but the general idea is to slow down, do a 180 degree alerion roll until your belly faces up, pitch down, then, once level, press boost. If you've slowed down far enough, the boosters will drop into hover mode, which gives you a significant increase in upwards thrust.  The manuever is useful for two reason- it lets you face your opponent without getting into a tedious turnfight, and your delta-v during the boost phase is high enough, in a strange enough direction, that your opponent will miss a bunch of their shots trying to hit you.  Dogfighting, in general, tends to happen after both pilots have switched to hover mode, so they can both aim at their opponents while also tumbling in midair with afterburners to make themselves more difficult to fight.  If you know the reverse maneuver and your opponent doesn't, then you can make them overshoot you and get on their tail.  Do note that the reverse maneuver is best down behind cover, as slowing down and flipping over makes you an easy to hit target.  To stay in hover mode, only pitch down. It's much faster than pitching up anyways.  At more advanced levels, you can use the reverse maneuver sideways, or while going around an obstacle.
There's actually a pretty good reason- point defense with blast weapons. Were there no friendly fire, you could constantly drop explosives on the points, killing enemies but not affecting your team.
Tower bases, nelson's defiance.
So what you're saying is, tomcats should be nerfed, right? Because you yourself said they take no skill and allow you to kill more experienced players solely on the strength of your loadout.
Used them properly? An ESF running tanks/AA nosegun is just as much an AA craft as a craft running locks/nosegun, but worse in every way against every air target. It got to the point where I was beating AA nosegun/tanks ESF's with my banshee/tomcats ESF with a fair degree of regularity.
No clue, honestly.
Maybe with all headshots, the 143 damage tier takes 7 body shots to kill at minimum range with no nanoweave. Nanoweave 1 adds another shot, and more range adds more.
Reason: The compressor is very simple, very intuitive, very clean. A bit fiddly to work with, occasionally, but overall a very good device. The EQ I'm more ambivalent about, as it doesn't show a spectrum readout. If the mixer bus EQ was the main EQ, I'd be ecstatic.  Ableton Live: The compressor is a bit more difficult to figure out, but overall very feature rich and sounds good. The EQ is positively amazing.
Cool, I'll check it out.
Probably only doable on max ammo, though.  It's because the PPA and banshee have the HMG resist type, while the AH and other noseguns have the air MG resist type. Valkyries are built to be well defended against ESF weapons, not so much ground fire.
Your defense is to call me bad? Seriously?  All those things are on the list because I personally can hit ESFs with them, despite rarely gunning for tanks.
Okay, fine. Let's remove the ESF secondary slot. I hope you enjoy dying to buffed hornets and rocketpods, though. They would have to be at least good enough to take out skyguard lightnings, since they're more difficult to use, of course.
&gt;Why can't air just avoid tanks, with the mobility they are given so they can do so, and let heavier units deal with them?  Because then why not just completely remove air from the game? It's not like air can get to sunderer garages.
&gt;Except the walker is nothing more than a deterrent  You must not fly very much. Even a single walker is a significant threat to me, because they can keep hitting me up until render range (1000 m/s remember)?  &gt;fucked against any other MBT who is smart enough to not run a walker.  Well, yeah. An ESF without AB tanks is going to lose to an equally skilled ESF with them. I'm just hoping to give MBTs the same choice ESFs have.
So then what's the point of AA secondaries, if you won't use them anyways?
Let's face it-- DBG hates the basilisk, because people don't pay DBG to use it.
&gt; I mean comeon.  Eh, rasengan was specifically designed to be modular-- it's a large part of what makes it so good. There are probably plenty of attacks that do what rasengan does with less chakra expenditure, but it's easier to modify the rasengan than learn them, which is the point.
It should work splendidly, if all the OPruto fanctiction is indicative.
/r/wallstreetbets
Have you cleaned out your fans with compressed air since then? Performance typically reduces as computers age,and that can be one of the main reasons.
Well, I guess you'll be sucessful.  ^^^That ^^^is, ^^^until ^^^I ^^^implement ^^^my ^^^glorious ^^^plan ^^^to ^^^double ^^^cross ^^^you ^^^at ^^^the ^^^last ^^^second ^^^with ^^^my ^^^alt ^^^account!
Why is sakura pregnant when sarada's already born? Also, the drawer is seriously underestimating the power of keikaku.
I'm trying to remember which chant the otters used. Wasn't it Euleluia?
