Yes. When you complete the Fly trap and obtain Annihalitor, you get text "Paradoxical Prologue" and 1000 xp. Plus the Gateworm.
If I'm not wrong, Avanged Sevenfolds "Nightmare" could be found in Moon. And Call of the Dead featured "Not Ready to Die"
I found three morse code chipper behind links. Also cracked them. Surely someone else has done it also, right?
Temporal Gift. And I finally found use for Secret Shopper. In Giant, if you camp the catwalk and have drakon, it makes map super easy. Just throw monkey, get KN wall buy and you'll be fully loaded. Easy 50+ rounds.
Yeeeah... So if you dont have Giant, you cant do the DLC 4?
If you struggle in boss fight, use Head Drama.
Origins, MotD, Kino (Something easy and fun) and maybe Nuketown or Verruckt for intense Zombies.
Der Eisendrache deffinetly. ZNS is fun, but takes ages to set up for. And if you have few extra bucks, I also recommend to buy The Giant also.
Death Ray and shoot the living hell out of him with Drakon, Brecci, Haymaker or KRM.
https://youtu.be/tpNKzFAIum4  From round 81 to the end :)
https://youtu.be/tpNKzFAIum4  From 81 to 94 :) Can catch my strategy pretty well.
Imprints.
Lucky you. Dodged that mule kick.
He says that also in consoles.
Ultimate camping spot
The first one will dissapear if you Imprint yourself twice.
HG40 wonder weapon? Yeah, what ever you say.
How did you strugle with Dredge or Gorgon is the real question.
These look insane!
Sorry for ruining your day, but Level 200 are Power-Ups. Level 500(?) opens some perk icons.
Yes you can. Aim assist and Target assist.
Pretty much everyone knows about this. And you dont have to press any button(s). Money just comes back on your account like you grabbed a Carpenter.
Yea. Last two arrows/AS shot/Masamune burst, you pop AA and boom, max ammo instantly.
Milo, NoahJ, RelaxingEnd, SmithPlays and Nixaru (Showdowns).
On the other hand, Call Of the Dead was all about melee.
Mmmh... Party thread.
I talex the word normal. Full automatic pistol with a 20 round mag? Thats a freakin SMG :D And for the same reason I did not mention Kap-40 or B323R etc.
You dashboarded. Just end the game and loose the GG's you used. You'll always get new ones.
3 Revives and rest are from Civil Protector
Basicly just High Rounds. Map doesnt matter, tactic doesnt matter. Just go as high round as you can. The longer you go, more xp you'll get.
The trap doesnt kill zombies in High Rounds. And I always choose Widows Wine over Speed Cola.
Stairs in clock tower. Rounds will fly by.
So was he.
So Death and Taxes would have double explosion?
Mmm... The levitation is already in cutscene.
And easily breakable.
DLC: Not gonna throw any guess, but it starts with N.
"PPSH aint coming back. No there will not be new Ray Gun" - Look what happened...
Literally every sceptic person ever.
Mmmm..? Far, Close?
What is the odd thing?
Something that starts with D (again) or N. So the DLC packs would spell out DEAD or A END.
Zoom in and you can regonise Pack A Punch machine.
Awesome. I used his inform before gettin that SBC. Little over 1 goal contribution/game.
With Shadow? Yeah, easily.
He did.
Servers are fine like always. I've won 22 games, 6 left to play.  Hopefully I finish at Gold 1.
Where are you from and how fast is your internet connection?
Sometimes games show assist even the player didnt get one. I've seen my players to get assist on penalty goal. Often the Player Ratings shows assists wrong, if you do a rebound goal.
The only time you get better opponent is in Final. I cant imagine losing before that.
