Go post the question yourself?
Shut up!  Really?
You're completely wrong actually. Doctors use tissue from the gland to make a fully functioning clitorus. Trans women are fully capable of having orgasms after surgery. Go to /r/AskWomen, /r/AskMen, or /r/AskReddit and search for questions about trans people having orgasms and you will find that a majority of them can orgasm.
You can't just drop that fact without elaborating! What were they? What 2 issues were so important to the Church that the Pope had to declare that his opinion was basically the direct voice of god? How does the Pope make an infallible statement? Obviously he doesn't just casually drop it into a random conversation.    "Good morning Cardinal #38 how are you? I'm good as well. Also, God decided that Funny Hat #2 would be part of the new uniform. Could you pass that news around for me, thanks."  But how much ceremony does an Infallible Statement require?
It was a perk from Broken Steel.
Get a long ass HDMI cable and turn that TV into a monitor.
Soap opera effect?
Come on you coward! You can't just tease us with that kind of story and then deny US the schadenfreude(sp?).
&gt;~~grain~~ pound of salt.
The only thing that prevents NSFW subs from showing on r/all is your own filters. I have the NSFW filter off and I see all kinds of NSFW subs on r/all.
All the other ones don't fuck with Imgur employees. That's the reason they were finally banned, they attacked employees of a site outside reddit. And not just any site, they went after reddit's number one partner.
TLDR: it's not feminism vs mens rights. It's feminism and men's rights working together versus society's fucked up gender stereotypes.
Are you seriously this dense, or are you just deliberately not understanding why this happens?   It doesn't matter what kind of logic you apply, upgrading BoT will break the tp channel.   Looking at it with a programming view, the game sees that BoT leaves your inventory for a single tick while it's removed and BoT 2 is added. During that tick you will not have any item in your inventory that let's you tp so the game cancels your channel. In the next tick the game adds BoT2 to your inventory.  Looking at it with a realistic view, if you want to craft BoT2 then you have to focus on doing whatever magic needs to be done to upgrade your regular BoT to BoT2. You can't channel a spell from an item while also doing construction on that item. So you have to break the tp channel, do the spell to construct BoT2, then use BoT2 to TP.
The coward edited his comment.
Well that's cool.
*slow clap*
In immortal words of Abathur from Starcraft : "Perfection goal that always changes. Can pursue. Cannot obtain."
It's like someone teaching you to whistle. "Just put your lips like *this* and blow."
The TLDR is that reddit's CEO was already very unpopular with the type of people that would sub to FPH. So when a community of 150k people gets shut down by someone they perceive to be hostile to them, they tend to act out.  At the same time there are people who don't like when an entire subreddit is banned, it only happens very rarely and usually for legal reasons (jailbait, creepshots, and TheFappening are the only ones I can think of off the top of my head.) So those people don't like that FPH was banned for seemingly political reasons (it wasn't entirely political, the sub itself harassed reddit's biggest parter, Imgur, and it's members rutinely harassed other people outside the sub).
So? You had a theory about warg abilities and he provided context for why it was wrong. Just because his information is based off of the books, doesn't mean it's not pertinent for the show. If we're not allowed to use the books to refute show theories then a full half of this subreddit would be downvoted.
So what happened to not allowing discussion of leaked content? Did that policy change or do these leaks not count because it's not video?
Which site?
They already have an official way to filter /r/all. You just need gold to do it.
Alright, there's some joke or reference here I'm not getting, right?
It's gotten to the point where it's jarring when the characters actually act like mature adults. In season 1 of Arrow I was amazed at how often the characters acted realistically. It gets a little more ridiculous as the series goes on, but it started off really strong in the realistic reaction delartment.
Wasn't she rejected for the role because the script was specifically about a 20ish year old dating an older man? Maggie is definitely beautiful, but she does not look like she's in her 20's.
Well the Cheif's special ability has always been luck. I always thought of it as an explanation for being able to reload the last checkpoint.   But as a part of Blue Team they could have it implemented so enemies are less accurate against him, with either bullets or grenades. Or where the Chief's aim assist is stronger than the other teammates.
RES users should actually click on the link instead of the in-reddit image to understand wtf is going on here.
Yea, it really wouldn't be hard to add to the show. That character has only had 3 pretty short scenes in the book. The books basically give a brief origin account, and a short summary of what they've been doing. They haven't actually done anything important, everyone's just hyped about the potential.
The TLDR is that Tyrion is Dany and Khal Drogo's son. The actual explanation is... weird.
It was also a couple days to weeks before Caitlyn was brought back. With the cold and a much shorter time frame there won't be nearly as much decay.
Did they give the release date yet?
Dragon Age Inquisition had 6 dialog options or more at a time, on top of having 4 different voices. And they didn't shy away from having the Quiz talk a lot.
&gt;I don't think keeping junk will be a problem. No one is gonna collect every bit of scrap every time they enter a new area. That would be ridiculous.  Ha! Just watch me.
Is HotS easier than WoL?
Yea he was an actual badass in the early to mid game. But as soon as you start facing Deathclaws or Super Mutants he just gets destroyed.
What, you wouldn't immediately become a member of the Church of ElSaborAsiatico?  Heretic.
It's not called a TIFU for nothing.
Exactly. You *have* to actively enforce your trademark or else you run the risk of losing it. This is the source of the Bethesda vs Mojang lawsuit over the word "Scrolls".
Back the fuck up. Are you telling me that if I'm trying lower my cholesterol levels then lowering the amount of cholesterol I eat isn't the right way to go about it? So it's just fats that increase cholesterol levels?
Did you see the one where the guy misspelled giraffes? He had like -5000 and the most hilarious edits I've ever seen.   /u/karmanaut has the record for most downvoted I think, he got around -8000 for the comment explaining why he removed the fake Bad Luck Brian AMA.
Nothing. The entire premise of the show is that he's a serial killer who works for CSI.
How would you get Sandstorm up before you died? If you use it on your first move then you won't be able to use endeavor before they kill you at the beginning of the second turn.
...You clearly didn't watch the latest season of GoT if you think that's true.   MASSIVE FUCKING SPOILERS FOR GAME OF THRONES SEASON 5 BELOW THIS GIANT WALL OF TEXT BECAUSE I'M TOO LAZY TO SEE IF THIS SUB HAS THE CSS FOR SPOILER TAGS.  This season had the least, most balanced nudity out of the entire show. There's a sex scene with Ramsay and Mryanda, that Sand Snake flashed Bronn to get his heart rate up for the poison to start working, and then Cersei's walk had her naked the entire time as well as several people from the crowd taunting her by exposing themselves.   So this season had 5 naked women and 3 naked men, and 2 of those men were full frontal penis shots. There isn't a whole lot of room for improvement here. They could have cut out the Sand Snake scene because was rather gratuitous, but the other 2 scenes had actual plot reasons for happening and they were balanced in their nudity.
That's the spirit!
When the fuck did that happen?
That's the Seanchan queen/princess lady right? I remember reading that and thinking how fucked up it was.
Jesus christ dude...
What's the age cut off where a child can keep their parents in the dark about doctor's visits? Is it just as soon as they can get themselves to the doctor's office or is there a specific age where you need the child's permission to tell the parents?
Son of a bitch...
