Only 12 hours for all 5 episodes? Im pretty sure you missed a lot.
Whats the secret?
Theres a tiny dick under the "y u no" alyssa meme in ep 4.
But why nightmare.. she loves hawt dog man!
Its not like shes getting buried next to williams grave, and that her name is on the tombstone...
I agree              ^
Argh thats not THE kiss you filthy vortex member.
Does anyone know why the console version is slightly more expensive than the PC copy?
Apple problems...
Nah, LIS takes place in 2013. We didnt even know this game would exist back then.
No, not talking about her diary. Just the actual book you find ingame, its bigger than the one we'll be getting.
http://www.davidcsimon.com/LiS/  You might find something you like there.
How about like... posting the working link?
You cant have a free cam nor a no-clip max to get your camera where you want it to be.  What does "Talk" do?
Can you actually turn off ghost again so you can freely walk around? Youre forever a ghost if you use it as a keybind.
Amazon says its the 29th for some reason.
Erscheinungsdatum: 29. Januar 2016  Zustellung: Di., 2. Febr.    What is this sorcery. Amazon even mailed me that the release was delayed.
They said that on twitter sometime ago, its an option directly in the main menu. Most likely a video.
its a regular black/blue beanie, you can buy them anywhere.
The 1-hour long dev commentary and some minor changes like a different text from frank or a new position for the eggs.
David wasnt even there as far as i know. Especially because you can get him suspended.
Your best bet is probably the square enix store.
Some people experienced bugs with the first episode, sometimes in the second, where some sentences were cut off or not spoken at all.  But those have been in the game since forever.
You should definitely check out [Koethe](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_YH1XwKYHHzRKMjiTg0Sow)s amazing work. Most of his songs are LIS-Inspired. :)
Its always funny when I see people run into the lights on the airfield.. :)
Oh my god. The buttcrack guy reference.. i died.
"Life is... weird."
Whoa, almost looks like when you're looking out of a window.
Bought one, saw that it has no customization at all and the spare tires dont match with the actual tires, sold it again.
1. Because Ubisoft. They make games for money, not for the players.  2. Because low playerbase. You dont want to wait 30 minutes to get opposition in your range.
It's a girl though. :)
Theres a little bit of change though, the guys working on vampyr arent the same as those who worked on life is strange.
They do if you pay attention to it. But the main side which allows for easy access is blocked and needs one of these super thin plate staplers.  Theres a hand truck and a pallet on it in the large warehouse, that one looks the way it should.
This has been mentioned a few times. :)
It's E when you have the on-screen prompt.  If you sit down, you have to press Enter to access the computer, this will automaticly turn you into a CEO.  Interaction menu (M) when the prompt is gone and you're not close to your computer.
Might aswell add the homing launcher, insurgent and armored kuruma to that list...
No, sledge has one on his sledgehammer and all defenders have one when pulling down barricades.
Tested it with a friend just now, he blew it up and paid 20.000$. Seems like thats the maximum limit.
No.
Yes! Good old PS3 glitch. :^)
All you have to do is remain un-spotted in the start and your enemies probably won't look for kapkan traps because there's no kapkan.  Either way, you can hide them perfectly behind shields or combine them with other map items next to the door.  Sometimes i put up a barricade, punch a hole in it and hide the trap right above or below the hole, so they die when they vault through.  Also, place your traps around the map, not to the obj room. :)
Go start up a terrorist hunt mission and edit him there, if time runs out, exit and do another one.
It only grows when selling the crates, but disappears when you buy things.
Well, it's on sale atm. Half the price :P
Sea weed?
Yep, they are.
What the hell is that
Yeah but.. how? It isn't even at sky level.
Das ist bei Steam immer so, wenn du bundles kaufst. Ep1 ist das spiel und Ep2-5 ist ein "DLC".
Yes.
