It costs your mouth in this weird, slimy feel...
Bet you can't eat the black ones!
[Ah, the ol' reddit gamearoo!](http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/396da8/600_years_in_the_future_theres_a_historian_who/cs1m525)
Is it worth it to go? What's it offer?
Bucky? Where are ya, Bucky?!
I'm not your pun, quip!
Oh ok cool! Also, how do I drop out of friendship drive?....
Hahaha so basically, just play around on my controller and figure it out. :) ok I can do that!
Don't call him mate, geezer!
&gt; That's the game, and you play it at your own risk.  When you play the game of Castles, you either win, or you die
It's Fallout Shelter. It's an iOS game.  EDIT: Shelter not vault
༼ つ ಥ_ಥ ༽つ
"Ayyy lmao" -King Tut
┬─┬﻿ ︵ /(._ . ）
196%
Sake bombs. Sake bombs.
It's really not. Our defense is playing better than it ever has. Our RB's have been fine. Lacy has been gimpy this season, but Starks has been solid and Lacy will come back strong. Our O-Line we do need to use some draft picks on. They're getting old. But when you take a #1 WR out, everything gets much harder. You're left with Cobb, a slot receiver who's being asked to be a deep threat, Jones, who, God love him, isn't scaring any defenses, and Adams, who needs more time to grow, just like Nelson did behind Jennings and Driver, and Cobb did behind Nelson and Jennings. Put Nelson back in the mix, and all the pieces, except for the O-Line, fall into place.
Put it on your mantle next to your Lombardi trophies.
Highlight of the night. Yes, that includes the INT
LOL
A lot of ign employees voted for rise as overall GOTY too
A hood without sleeves? Now James Jones is just messing with us....
Also, if you don't already, get SmartGlass
Can't tell if trolling or not... Either way, here's a downvote
And Janis across the field from him! (Ok maybe not, but maybe!)
:,) thanks man...
Holy shit that would be awesome!
Yes!
"Food by Wingstop"   I'm dead
"Some things are true. Not everything is permitted. That's called fraud."
I don't watch NASCAR at all. Can you explain why people hate him? Was he considered a dirty competitor or something?
All Along the Watchtower by Jimi Hendrix
Also Bendis and Maleev's run at Daredevil!
"Do you think she hates me?"  "With a passion."  "Really? Do you think it's the hat? A lot of people hate this hat. It angers a lot of people, just the sight of it."
Wait, shouldn't he start with [this?](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JAQtbCUYGsw/maxresdefault.jpg)
So I listen to Podcast Unlocked quite a bit, and these are my thoughts on this: I think that Sean Finnegan is both an idiot, and that what he said is being blown out of proportion. Ok, so first off, Sean Finnegan is a video guy. Essentially, he's the guy who sets up the cameras for the podcast videos, he captures gameplay videos (I know. Ironic), and he films a lot of like Up at Noon and their other video segments. I truly believe that he's only ever on the show when they have no one else to use. Around the time of this podcast, the show consisted of Ryan McCaffrey, Destin Legarie (who also is a bit of an idiot), Marty Sliva, and Mitch Dyer. Those 4 made up the show, and when one of them couldn't be on it, Sean would come in. So yeah, he's the guy who they say "shit, we need someone else in here..."  But on to context: if I remember correctly, they were talking about PC's vs consoles, and how there's a theory that Xbox is just going to turn into an upgradable type product, where you just upgrade parts every couple of years. Finnegan is not a fan of this, and was giving reasons why he likes consoles over PC. From the context of the conversation, what it sounded like he was trying to say was that he preferred the "ready out of the box" quality of consoles over PC's, and part of that "ready out of the box" includes a piece of hardware that, out of the box, gives you the ability to record gameplay. So yes, what he was saying was incorrect, but it's one of those cases of "I see what you were going for."   Anyway, I enjoy IGN's podcasts. Yes, they absolutely say shit that I disagree with, but at the end of the day, they're entertaining to listen to. Alanah Pearce just joined their show recently and I actually really enjoy hearing what she has to say. She's called Finnegan out on his bullshit multiple times, and it's SO satisfying!   EDIT: Wording
Are you implying with that statement that admittance to a zoo covers all damages that a guest causes while there?....
So what's the point of that comment then?....
SEEING AS HOW YOU JUST BECAME A FAN TWO WEEKS AGO, I'M GUESSING YOU DON'T
Did you mean to post in the "the Hornets are still the Hornets" thread? It's that way.
WON BY 38, LOST BY 1, WON BY 29, WON BY 11, WON BY 14  The only game that was close was the second one, where you all got lucky at the buzzer! But it's ok. If I was a Mavs fan I'd probably block everything out since 2011 too!!!
Westbrook's knee has something to say about that....
Aren't you that [goat fucker?....](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/370uvj/found_this_as_a_review_on_tera/crivk2e)
Because they were just gonna bury her anyway!
Picked up Hellboy in Hell #10, and Moon Knight #3. I need to re-read Hellboy. I'm still not sure how I feel about it... Anyone else?  Moon Knight is bitchin though! Loving this series so far!
Just remember; everyone on Reddit is a bot except for you
I'm not sure we use the same Reddit...
Blockbuster was a different beast though.... A movie could bomb in the theaters, but for some reason everyone wanted to rent it...
The ELI5 for anyone curious: redditor asks about something he remembers seeing or something. Someone messages him back with the link. He says "holy shit! How'd you know it?!" Mysterious redditor says "shh bby is ok"
You think that's a mullet?...
