McIntosh looked at a video game once, maybe even stood by a gamer for a fraction of a second, so that makes him an expert on every video game ever.
Buzzwords, combine and form Privilegcon, the most powerful Transformer.
That's because scientists are too busy doing, you know, science.
Because the cockney accent on small Asian women with purple anime hair.
It's easy to fight to the death when the no one else is interested in killing you.
I can't believe no one has mentioned the Far Cry games. Open world FPS with, as of the last two, basic but necessary RPG and crafting elements with a strong focus on the single-player narrative experience. And each game tries to do something new and different.
You can't trap Biblical literalists with questions pertaining to God's morality because God's morally perfect not because God is just such a swell guy, but because he's defined as morally perfect. Everything he does is automatically morally perfect regardless of action. God can drown every puppy on Earth and it would not be evil, because God did it. Likewise God can, and does lie in the Bible, but it's not an act of moral failure like if a human did it, because God.
This article is about answering honestly, not just being unable to answer. Moving the goal posts is a logical fallacy and a form of dishonesty so the original premise stands.
Fucking Christ how is that medically possible?
What are you waiting for, let's get the kerosene and some lighters.
From has a lot of different teams handeling different projects simultaneously. The real success of the Bloodsouls meta series is the vision of director Miyazaki. The problem is that one guy can't be one all these projects at once. He was on Bloodbourne while DS 2 was in development and now he's on DS 3. This means DS 2 is the only one without Miyazaki's involvement and it shows.
Actually read the reviews. The IGN reviewer gave Alien: Isolation a 5.9 because he doesn't like horror survival and found the game to be too long and the same amount of content stretched too thin.
Adult (and therefore lazy) Ren and Stimpy was on Spike TV, not Adult Swim.
It wasn't proselytizing. They wanted to have a discussion. Normally we talk about science and the environment.
It's behind you right now but don't turn around because that will make it really angry.
Right noijggdffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Well there's Jainism.
Actually have you heard of Richard Lenski's experiment in which E. coli evolved the ability to digest citrate right in front of their eyes? It got hilarious when creationist and wingnut Andrew Schlafly tried to take them on and got pwned.
If you have a murder fetish it would be masturbation.
That success rate only applies to blood tests.
14 is the normal age of consent for Carbon. Either way I would check your local laws as those can vary by state.
You know how in colloquial language you can get away with using hypothesis and theory as the same thing but in science you can't because in that context they mean different things? Same thing. In science gender and sex have different meanings and here is the science that supports those definitions.  http://www.meduniwien.ac.at/homepage/1/news-and-topstories/?tx_ttnews%5btt_news%5d=5379&amp;cHash=37835742aa84acd6b6b2505337c854dd  Notice how I'm linking to an academic source that itself links to a science database and not some bullshit blog on Tumblr? That's because this is fucking science. So either you can get with the idea that gender studies has actually made a lot of progressive from whatever neolithic discourse community you've crawled out of, or you can join the ranks of creationists, homeopaths, and other people who dismiss scientific discoveries the moment they compete with their preconceived ideas of how the world works.
What is it with weeb culture and glorifying pedophilia?
If I remember correctly second edition orcs were pig-faced monsters.
Even if it's a fake it encapsulates all of the logic used by the antivaxxers, so at best it's an example of Poe's Law.
You claim I didn't read the article, but apparently you didn't read the paper that was linked to in the article. The paper is free to the public so you really have no excuse.  First you claim that you cannot tell the difference between male and female with MRI, but the paper cites sources that use MRI to prove just that in the first paragraph of the introduction. We have papers that show the changes that occur to the brain due to hormone development on three separate levels of development. One on infants, another on puberty, and a third on adulthood. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20633662 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3412439/ http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3673180/  So the differences in the original paper aren't mentioned much because the researchers and their audience, other neuroscientists, are already familiar with the science so they aren't defined in the paper I linked to.  Here's an MRI showing the white matter microstructures of someone who is FtM, someone who is MtF, with comparisons to the Male Control (MC). http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4699258/figure/F1/ This is what the paper meant by the transgender white matter microstructure being in between. The MtF microstructures appear to be a transitionary point between the MC and the FtM. In fact the appearance and mapping of testosterone white matter microstructures degrades as you go from MC to MtF to FtM to FC (Female Control). A man who feels like he should be a woman produces the same amount of testosterone like a normal male, but the way it interacts with his brain is skewed more towards female neural mappings, resulting in someone who recognizes their body as male but it doesn't feel right.  "The results of this study show that the white matter microstructure in FtM and MtF transsexuals falls halfway between that of FCs and MCs. Our data harmonize with the hypothesis that fiber tract development is influenced by the hormonal environment during late prenatal and early postnatal brain development that is proposed to determine gender identity."  Read the paper and the paper's sources, and not just the article which introduces scholars to the paper.   Finally you keep using the word insane around, which is another word you clearly don't know the meaning of, along with sex and gender. Insane refers to mental inability. In the legal and medical sense people who are insane must be proven that they are not in control of their own actions or faculties. This is why arguing insanity in court is so hard and why the insane defense is almost never used. Transgender people are obviously not insane, regardless of how far from normal their feelings may be to you personally.
More unique ethnicities per square mile than the Balkans.
It's kind of funny as how Christianity becomes more and more modern it becomes less and less strict. The Coptics in Egypt are the oldest extant branch of Christianity and they have a period of 50 days before and after both Easter and Christmas where you can't eat meat. Then you have the Catholics were you just can't eat meat on Friday. Then you have the Protestants where the last of the dietary restrictions have been excised.
Universe -&gt; Gravity -&gt; Matter -&gt; Hydrogen -&gt; Galaxy -&gt; Life
State of Slovenes, Croats, and Serbs  Kingdom of Serbians, Croats, and Slovenes  Socialist Federated Republic of Yugoslavia
OWoD ran into problems when they assumed the Abrhamic religions were the default and then threw Kindred of the East into the mix.  Edit: I actually find CofD, especially since the God-Machine Chroncicle to be very gnostic. In both Mage and Demon you play as protagonists who realize that reality as we know it is a lie and oppose the God-like demiurges who rule over this false world.
The Ancient Lands pentology from Mage: The Awakening.
Magic. Then science killed magic so now it runs on science.
That would cause wobble in the other direction. We need an equal spread across both poles to ensure orbital stability.
The motto of CofD is that it's your chronicle. So do it, a plot hook that on the surface seems impossible is always great for a game about thr supernatural. Here are some possible explanations for a revenant outbreak.  Belial's Brood blood ritual going terribly right.   The Strix are building an army of bodies to possess.  The Curse itself has found a new way to spread.  A God-Machine experiment on vampires broke free.
Finally.
Before Muhammad ran into diplomatic problems he was really respectful of Jews and Christians. He passionately adored their faiths and believed his would be accepted in open arms. When Islam was rejected he grew more angry at them and both of these attitudes are reflected in the Koran. However, the Suras are organized by length, not chronology, and how the book chaotically sin-waves between tolerance and intolerance like a manic-depressive.
The Satanists have started the Dark Invocation ritual. Christians respond by casting Protection from Evil, Greater.
Usually when a more modern, better evolved organism comes along sometimes the less evolved one manages to survive by eeking out a meager existence in a tiny niche too specialized for the more evolved one to bother with.
To be fair /u/AlmightBox, you're not making any of this stuff up, Cumstain is.
I'll miss it. Without the church how are all these kids going to get molested?
Well it is Pakistan.
Murder
Well it is Guerrilla, they've only made the Killzone games so far.
A secular society is one where the government treats religions fairly, equally, and does not allow them to dictate public policy in order to gaurantee it's citizen's personal freedom of religion and freedom from religion. An atheist society is one where the majority of people are atheist.
There are books? I just thought it was a TV series.
Ubisoft games.
So say we all you frelling farbotz now what do you want?
Anthropogenic climate change means we will be seeing afternoon temperatures reaching 120 degrees during the summer in the Middle-East. The reality is that more and more Muslims will flock to northern climates as the Middle-East becomes increasingly inhospitable. So the future situation will be the exact opposite of what he's prophecizing. But he's a religious lunatic so of course he lives diametrically opposed to reality.
The radicalization of Islam during the 20th and 21st centuries is due to these modern states enjoying the fruits of modernization until they look at the price. Basically the more modernized a nation becomes the more Western it appears. This is a bit of confusing correlation for causation, but since when do the masses behave truly rationally. So instead people become worried that they are losing their own traditional and cultural identify to a bunch of foreign powers. Remember that a good deal of these countries were once colonies of England and France so to people who still hold on to the cultural legacy of the post-WWI age, this seems like another attempt at Western colonization. So they bite back.
