Thanks.
Megadeth
You guys realize he was trying to catch a ball from the outfield that sailed over his glove, right? You can see it on both sides of him.
Now I get it.
Pretty sure that's Robb executing Lord Karstark.  Edit: on re-watching, this is a huge episode, right down to the song over the credits.
S3E5 has Shireen singing a Patchface song, first briefly in scene and then extended over the credits. Awesome episode all around.
Definitely need a gif of CBC's shot of Toews spinning with the Cup.
Are you me?  *Good idea, but they're harder to throw.*
I mean, he's Jon Quick and you're watching the game, so...
Red Deer's worst claim to fame.
Why is Seth Green relevant? I know he's part of RC, but I was specifically talking about MacFarlane's role in the skit.
With the game Ramo's having? Yeah, no.
Corsi (For?)% means they've taken 51.9% of even-strength shots on goal over the course of their streak, I believe. Not sure what PDO is.
This play is also remarkable because the Stars had stolen a point from the Oilers earlier in the season on a bad goal reversal call. With the Oilers down by one with less than a minute to go, Shawn Horcoff took the draw in the offensive zone. He won the faceoff and assisted on a tying goal, but the whole play was done over because the ref thought that Horcoff had made a hand pass when in fact his hand was just low on his stick for the faceoff. The Oilers failed to recreate their quick goal, the Stars won in regulation, I had no problem with the result at the time, though I acknowledged that it was a raw deal for the Oil. This play has everything: Hemsky scores, Ferraro rips a bad performance, a whole team gets screwed. I didn't think much of it until this happened, weeks or months later. All of this is true, and it's the real reason the Stefan play happened how it did. Hockey gods. There's no other explanation. [Here's the clip!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrpxnkTlAKU)
CLASSYCLASSYCLAsorry, do we still do that?
That suggests there are people who desperately want him on the team.
Are you the typical Panthers fan?
Do they need to?
buddy....
lol
Yup.
Is anyone else having a hard time reading the names on those orange jerseys? Now, red on white - that's a colour combo the Oilers could learn from.
Or maybe just turn on the lights in the arena, who knows?
No question then, support local! The NHL gets enough of your time and attention.
Sick dump-in, Hallsy!
And three in the NHL, though I expect a few of the guys rounding out the top ten to have endorsement deals to fill the gap. That totals around 275 in those leagues. Maybe some golfers, tennis players... poker players?
90s kids don't have as much of a place on the modern NHL team as they used to, but they're still there, passing on traditions that only they remember.
*tap tap tap*
Yeah, it seems pretty clear that he's rapping at the mirror at this point in the video.
That's an (arguably) incorrect spelling that's grown in popularity in recent years. There is much more precedent for "whoa". Here's a chart that illustrates the usage of each spelling over the years on reddit: [http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=whoa.woah&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10] (http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=whoa.woah&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
Nope, but they may be an oddball who greets themselves in comments.
*stick tap*
You wish. We're not rolling over for the likes of you.
Ron Hainsey's still playing? What do they call him on the ice, Hainsey?
GOOD
Never shave again?
What does it matter to you?
Good mornings? I love Romanian deadlifts, they work the whole back plus glutes and hams. You could also imitate the movement with resistance bands under your feet.
What a time to be alive.
Ha!
The pro-tank viewpoint would state that a top pick is not supposed to turn a franchise around immediately, but rather be a significant contributor to years of future success.
Sportsnet panel making the reasonable point that you can see his feet moving to the side at the last moment, suggesting that he didn't see the linesman and tried to move out of the way. Worth at least a phone hearing, but not necessarily malicious. Would be nice to see the team without him for a day or two, but if no one's hurt then I don't care one way or the other. Dumb play on Wideman's part.
[In his own words.](http://www.theplayerstribune.com/a-guy-like-me/) Definitely worth the read.
Clip please, anyone!
Osuna waited until the game was won to drop the ball.
Phoenix Coyotes legend, rather.
This sub is supposed to be the last bastion of reasonable discussion!
Sure did.
Please elaborate.
The Waif let Arya suffer. Jaqen won't be pleased.
