Wrong on so many levels.  Sure, create an economic incentive so a market is held afloat, yadda yadda... but these are coral dwelling fish. You have to actually dive to catch or snag them on a barb. That kind of activity is dangerous to the coral area, possibly as much of the lionfish is itself. It's replacing one top predator with another, because those diving spear fisherman certainly dont' stop with lion fish. Also, it's probably not going to reduce the population, once the fish has a foot hold in an area.... it's nearly impossible to remove them.
I used to do that, but it doesn't work.  The problem seems to be that the Synology Operating System lives on or otherwise depends on... the storage volume instead of of to the side in separate storage (E.G. nvram, emmc, etc). So anytime the OS has to log an event, such as NTP, or dynamic DNS, or whatever other conveniences... it has to spin up the storage.  Hopefully future devices separate the storage from the OS completely.
Yeah, there are also lightning deals on stolen canon lens from that lens shop the other day. (joking)
yep, I could.  That, or an eMMC. Which is basically the same thing as an SD card except soldered onto the pcb and slightly faster. I'm pretty sure there is some off to the side nvram for storing factory reset data. That way the system can be recovered if all the drivers are pulled and replaced, etc. But it mostly does initial setup, and lays down the OS on the storage volume.
great!
That is not even close to being all of the bars or restaurants. Looks like the first page of many
Great stuff, thanks!
unless bob1 was using screen, and root took control of that session.
My understanding is the baby males are taken away to become veal, as they add little productivity to the farm, and would suck away valuable milk while their sale is a profit. The baby females are kept on the farm to eventually become productive, so those cows with female babies are allowed to feed. So it's more of a 50/50 split.
Yeah, it's really based on acyclic graphs theory, which have very graduated set of maths describing them. Once it was boiled down to a math problem it was easy to optimize. Also to be clear, git uses hashes (non-indexed data structures), and hashes of files (checksums). The beauty of acyclic graphs is they can only go forward or back, so perfect for complex sets to rev forward or back in time.
That would be raid 15, which is silly. Raid 10 would be faster without parity bits.
bingo
The repo meta data is signed every time the repo is changed. EVERY TIME! To expand on thei meta data, we are talking about xml files that have the sha256sum of every package in the repo. We don't want those files to be hacked, no altering the sha256sum information to something incorrect. So it's imperative we sign the metadata!  I'm not sure I understand all the other bullet points. But Regarding the last one, the mirrors. We have the master copy of the repo which is ONLY made available to the top tier or mirrors with they very fast internet connection. Fedora does make a repo available to the public, but we have an arbitrarily slow connection speed there on purpose to encourage folks to use a mirror. So then there is a 2nd tier of mirrors, they also have very fast internet connections. but they don't get the distribution early like the top tier mirrors get. When a new release happens, we let the 1st top tier mirrors get the bits ahead of schedule, we use something called bit flipping to make sure nobody gets the bits. Once the flood gates open the other mirrors down the way get their copies quickly, and then the users.
This has nothing to do with Linux.
Yeah, we have a big mass rebuild thanks to the new GCC6 being added to the distro. A mass rebuild is nice though.
use play store to install Prey. Then see if you can somehow get that to work. I'm pretty sure Prey can unlock a device remotely.
I've talked to people about it, and was told nspawn was really just a test harness for systemd testing of things, but it was useful so it stayed round. This is highly paraphrased, so grains of salt or even totally wrong.
Huh?
What does this leave in terms of legal purchase &amp; ownership? In what circumstances would a ~~gun~~ riffle be able to legally have a detachable magazine?  Lever action repeaters, and/or bolt action?
&gt; A proposed bill in New York aims to require that all smartphones sold in the state can be decrypted or unlocked by law enforcement. The bill, currently in the senate's committee stage, must pass through both New York's state senate and assembly in order to become law.   The first paragraph of that website posed in OP is totally wrong! The law does not require that law enforcement be able to decrypt a smart phone. The law is all about the smartphone manufacture, or OS provider, being able to decrypt the smartphone at the precise moment of sale or lease. Also the law seems to require manufactures or OS providers to tell consumers that encrypting the smart phone is a violation of terms and conditions (this is probably unconstitutional, because it amounts to compelled speech). There is no language in the proposed law that has anything to do with law enforcement issues. The law itself is structured under the premise of consumer protection, which is strange, because ironically weakening end-to-end encryption hurts consumers. The only language in the proposed law that has any dealing with law enforcement is related to who exclusively can enforce the proposed law if it should take effect, and that is state and local prosecutors. Although the implication seems clear enough, just wanted to clear this gross miss-characterization of the proposed law.
So the unetboot part seems legitimate, but I thought Android was a free license, meaning people are free to take and modify without posting sources? There might be an attribution clause, but not anything about sources.
The terms of the GPL2 do not mandate the sources have to accompany the binary, or that they go together in the same way. The sources for unetboot could be provided on punch cards distributed via fax machines. Yes some people have tried doing that kind of thing before, jerks. Anyhow... Android is not under the GPL, save for things like the Linux kernel.
Hi /u/jasonMSN  Does Azure have any future plans to host Aarch64/32 guests?
Yeah, hopefully.
So Googling around I found an [FDA page that lists a few emulsifying agents](http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfcfr/CFRSearch.cfm?fr=133.179)  &gt; (e) The emulsifying agents prescribed in paragraph (a) of this section are one or any mixture of two or more of the following: Monosodium phosphate, disodium phosphate, dipotassium phosphate, trisodium phosphate, sodium metaphosphate (sodium hexametaphosphate), sodium acid pyrophosphate, tetrasodium pyrophosphate, sodium aluminum phosphate, sodium citrate, potassium citrate, calcium citrate, sodium tartrate, and sodium potassium tartrate, in such quantity that the weight of the solids of such emulsifying agent is not more than 3 percent of the weight of the pasteurized process cheese spread.  Has anybody here worked with any of those, and can contrast/compare the results of them? (I dont' think all of them are relevant to sauce making)
They use kernelci lately. Most of the higher maintainers have a beefy box they use to build/test every single staged push request. Automation then looks over those build logs for build warnings, and of course any build errors. IT would be unwise to dispatch a pull request to the Linus tree with obvious warnings or build failures. He does occasional audit the pulls from his top maintainers, who are supposed to be doing their part to audit the code given to them, which is a mad-house of nauseating mail-list patch reviews.
I wonder if there is any kinda of content protection scheme having false positive in the HDCP bitstream.....   What kind of display are you using?
hehe...  I don't know about you but Mac'n'Gouda sounds really interesting. Id' eat it.
Thanks, I've removed this post. Clearly vote manipulating.
See rule #10 (removed)
See rule #5
This is not Linux related, not even tangentially.
See rule #1
See rule #1
If you have some negative perception to a word that correctly describes what is technically happening, and imply that it' usage in speech is some kind of mementic insult, as if it's not being correctly applied...  Well... that is you in isolation.  Call it whatever else you want, but it's a mandantory chain of trust based on x509 certs, and it prevents Fedora packages that bring extensions. There are ways we might be able to cope with the problem, but it would involve exposing signing keys in the Fedora build root, and that is really ugly. We talked about it today in the weekly fedora-releng meeting. Still pondering our way forward.
The tweek tool app is the way to configure session startup apps in Gnome. If you have something starting by other means, well... you have to close that hole yourself, as it's obviously not a standard config.
See rule #1
How is this even remotely Linux related? (removed)
There are churches all over town, you cannot walk a mile without running into some church. Go to any one of them, I'm sure they will not refuse your money..... err... donations.
Yeah, and what is interesting is the context of the worst case is actually good, because Texas is in the process of resetting the way it measures performance, to something higher/harder. So if prior years were ranked very highly, then we change our own reporting standards... well of course the new bad rank was last years great rank.   Context really matters.
That is probably part of it.  Another aspect is genuinely safety related. But honestly it's more about protecting from law suites.   For example, If a user enhances his vehicle software, then goes on to cause a fatal accident... the automaker could be sued for allowing the users to make dangerous programming changes.  So, following that line of reasoning, the only way to openup the software would be to have street legal software. Meaning the automakers would have to pass rigorous software safety standards, like we have crash tests today, and a safety certification would be issues for any given release of the software. Naturally mechanics could enhance the software, but would have to pass the rigorous safety certification process to install into a street legal vehicle. This is probably the worst case scenario, and actually what will more likely happen is a bit of field serviceable things in software, changing parameters, etc... like we have today.
nope.
Or like that time people said "fuck Digg" ??
Not sure the current employer can compel a departing employee to disclose the next employer, if any.
This is why we need to setup a V6 tunnel brokerage between folks with native V6 and those without. A short of onion router that does the V6 tunneling. But the ideas has a lot of challenging problems, such as bandwidth, and security. In my mind it would only work for folks in the same region, to comply with Netflix rules, but really it could end up being a huge distributed V6 VPN. The idea is most to take away the idea of blocking by V6 prefix, least Netflix block all V6
You should know the admin account, you presumably setup this device. You will lose data if you reset. Consider using your own network equipment instead to replicate your old env.
Hi /u/loganabbott  Thanks for taking steps to restore Source Forge to something credible. At some point I seem to remember a lot of projects moving off SF as the "upstream" to somewhere else. Now Github is the popular upstream, and SF might still have a mirrored repo. What ideas do you have to invert that situation and have new projects land on SourceForge?
oh yeah, like selinux.... lol
Awesome! Can you make a video of this thing in action?
https://www.sixflags.com/hurricaneharborla/store/tube-rentals
