Oh fuck. RIP
The e-mail from Valke (sp?) is what did I think. There was no solid proof before that. That tipped it.
Because of the exposure due to their cup run? Good to see anyway
Please come to Pittsburgh we have space and top four opportunities
Argentina? Are you for real?  Also Mexico have had it twice already.
He went down like he was shot
GAME.
I hearby banish you, begone!
How does that work? If they weren't good enough to qualify now they would have less chance with fewer teams.
Ha that would be something.
Sadly, yes.
GOSH?
Need an arena no?
This is a parallel universe, right?
Rashid you beauty!
His patsy will win in his stead.
Yes.
Willey did brilliant for Northants last week. Good to see him in the side.
Plenty of time.
That six killed us.
Well done Kiwi's
Hope Root and Morgan can put in a good shift.
Highest in England: http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/match/554970.html  Cricket Archive appears to be down still for me.
That smile.
Highest 3rd Wicket Partnership at Trent Bridge in an ODI.   2nd highest partnership at Trent Bridge.  26 runs needed for the top one.
Rule Britannia!
Where though?
So cute!
Holy cow that was close.
Wide! 2 off 7
EN-GER-LAND!
Seems low for T20?
Raikkonen never did want Alonso to leave Ferrari.
Another fairly uneventful race.  Alonso crash and Massa-Vettel at the end the only highlights.
KP :(
They could build one of those off the coast of Shoebury. In the North Sea.
Oskar Sundqvist. Played with Skelleftea and seems to be ready for the NHL now. Fourth line center with potential to be on the third line.
Not true. Parma have four European trophies, the others have five between them.
He just attacked a random guy?
Anyone give me a quick figure of Pittsburgh's space?
Henry with the last over. Push for 180.
How long does the powerplay last?
That makes things interesting.
New Zealand's last three wickets have been lost six runs apart. Next one at 107 then.
Ha, that calendar.
14 =/= 25
Question. If Stoll was accused of substance abuse and didn't have his contract cancelled, then how can/could they do the same if Richards was doing the same?
No, they won't
Kapanen
Southend United promoted to the Championship!
