It depends. Do you want it to last, or do you want to cheap out on routine maintenance?
you can drive it in the US on canadian tags all you want (well, for a couple months atleast, given you are a canadian citizen). Question is whether one of those is legal in canada or not.
if they give you 20k trade in, likely they will be in it another grand with a detail, inspection, etc. I see the accords advertise at $21.9k w/ incentives. So would you sell a car for the same price as a new one if it was used?
in house loans are usually contingent upon someone living in the same county, just sayin.
i'll even ya out here with an upvote. Kinda sounds like they didn't give all the info.
aye, and if the dealer wants to chase it, he has to try to get complete payment, which lets be honest, is probably more than anybody who does bhph's net worth.
It should be on level ground, if it's leaning one way or the other it will become permanent when you bolt those things up.
You can pass inspection probably. The discount ones have the bare minimum platinum in them to make it pass. The more expensive ones will last more than a year or two.
If it is aftermarket it can be hazardous as flammable gasses can build up in the truck, if it's stock it will be vented to outside the truck by the manufacturer and is perfectly safe.
That's a custom intake and 3 carbs. GoodParts still makes them i think.  https://www.goodparts.com/shop/index.php?categoryID=2
ammonia will also ruin your tint if you have tinted windows. hence why you shouldn't use windex.
usually only with new cars, not used.
Ranger's values are holding very well, and have been for a long time. Just remember they were never as expensive of a truck.
Does it go away when your a/c is off (defrost too since that uses the a/c)?
If you do bake tuna, do it with some sort of glaze or covering to seal in moisture or it'll get dry. Slather it in mayo, lemon zest and dill. it's great and keeps it moist, even if you don't want the mayo topper it just comes right off after your done.
that's easy, its just fishing with the bottom full of stuff thats hard. Just drop off the campin stuff.
If you touch it up it'll be better than having a big scratch, and worst case scenario you can always get it painted anyways. Instead of using black touchup from autozone, try clearcoat. Thin it out if it's the touch up bottle type, and use a good thin paintbrush not the one in the bottle. You'll be surprised how well it works and how easy it is.
it will absolutely protect against rust. And you would only need black under if it's all the way through the base coat. The thinned clear levels better in the scratch, and will take that white look out of it. If you can see metal in the scratch you'll need color, if not it's just into the clear most of the time. (ps if you don't like how it turns out, wipe it off quickly with lacquer thinner and try again)
Sounds like you got your life out of it. If it needs rebuilt/repaired its probably not worth it. 230k is too high to sell the car for parts either. Scrap it and get another.
well what do you expect for $11k in a tsx? probably a salvage, or since they are such expensive cars, not quite a salvage but a lot of damage.
It's been this way for a couple years now. prices are rising, and although incentives are there sometimes, it's not really going to change as far out as i can see.
Early chrysler era jeeps don't hold idle in the ECM. So if you reset the ECM or change the battery, you need to keep it running while it relearns the idle. Start it and give it throttle up to about 1500 rpm. Keep it steady there for ~5 min. Should stay running after that unless you have a real problem.
Sounds normal to me when you add a high stall converter. It's so you can rev it up into the powerband without powerbraking. 3000 stall is for drag racing, and it won't go anywhere till high rpm. It will roll downhill, and is a bitch at uphill stop lights. 2000 is more manageable, but still a little tricky.
The shift linkage cable is going to be a dealer part, and not extremely expensive.
to expand on this. If you mix dexcool with glycol green, it will gelatinize and clog er up real good.
haha.. no shit bud. 1000 yard stare over pavement comes up on ya fast.
Pressure test it and look for leaks. Small radiator leaks or something around the exhaust would allow it to evaporate or steam off before it hits the ground.
Shouldn't be that hard to get a loan if he doesn't have anything bad on his credit. It'll be high interest the first time around without a cosigner, but it should be possible. Also got to check debt/income levels, and have job history for 6 months in the same field. He needs to have a D/I level under 45-50 percent including rent, the new car payment, and any debts.
it's spread all over the bottom at this point so it would be hard to narrow down. I can see it up the sides of the bellhousing as well. Clean it well and then check again to see where it starts.
Yeah, always check the owners manual to see what the flat towing procedures are. Even on a dolly. You probably overheated the transmission. Next time take off the rear driveshaft.  Transfer cases are hard to fry. They generally aren't cooled when you're driving anyways. Just buy a used transmission on a rig that old and swap it out.
You got bugs. Treat said bugs using your preferred method.
Box up and ship larger items to your new apartment. Drop it off when you leave and you should beat it there.   Also please don't drive on the freeway with a mattress strapped to the top of your car. It's going to get ruined if you do it. And at the very least it will damage your car, or come off and cause an accident.  Ideally you should only have clothes, your electronics, and such stuff you will need for a couple days in your car for the move. A cooler for snacks and food will help keep the costs low.   If you overload your car it could break. Even if it doesn't you will get greatly reduced fuel mileage.
Give it a good flush for the coolant system and test it again. Blue devil is a temporary fix, but it will clog everything up so bad that the engine and heater core will be a bitch to fix if you actually want to do it right down the road. It's a roll of the dice whether it works or not.   Did you add coolant recently? if you put green into the dexcool it will sludge it up and overheat.
its in the center valley. You don't need to remove the timing belt or heads. It's under the intake though so you do have to take that off.
then find a muffler shop that will put a cheap one on, or do it yourself, they bolt on easy.
With anything that old, start with safety then work on reliability.   Check the brakes, and flush the brake fluid first thing. Bake sure that heavy beast will stop. While you have the brakes off, check the axle seals for leaks. '77 should be a full floater rear so you'll have to pop the rear axles out to take the back drums off. Make sure your proportioning valve is working correctly. Hit the brakes hard on gravel and make sure all 4 tires skid, not just the fronts. If just the front's skid, check the proportioning valve. Wild Bronco's makes an upgraded one i've had good luck with on those.  After you have it safe to drive, then work on reliability. Change all the fluids and check for anything weird with them. Don't forget rear end/front end and transmission/transfer case. The rear end will probably be easier to change fluids when you remove the axles to check the rear brakes.  Look for any leaks, and make note of them. Probably not worth fixing yet but good to keep an eye on.   A good tune-up is in order next, pull the spark plugs one at a time and replace them. Check compression while you do so. Then wires, a cap, and rotor. Compression should be triple digits or close. If it isn't it's either valves, valve seals, or piston rings. all of which involve a real overhaul.  If the carburetor runs well don't rebuild it. Clean it out a bit, adjust it using a vacuum gauge. If it runs poor, or smells like gas, have the carb rebuilt, or buy a nice Holley.   I'm sure i'm forgetting stuff, but that should get you running like new. Most of this can be done for extremely cheap.
Could be the battery, alternator, a wiring problem, or a parasitic draw. Just gotta break out the multimeter and start testing.
depends on the car. Some have the bypass before or after the thermostat.
or a forest service map. Most forest service roads are well mapped. Most full blown trails would be part of a ORV area as well, but not mapped. But atleast you could search for orv areas around you.
haha... nice.
actually probably a really nice aftermarket unit is cheaper. If it's a full nav dvd system they are pretty spendy used. Like 800 is a decent deal but i've seen them up to $1200. Most people have them repaired instead.  Still not a real reason not to get it.
Does the recall agreement include a loaner car? sometimes it moves the job to the front of the pile if they have a loaner car out on the street waiting for a job to finish.
yeah, it's basically an engine rebuild.
You can buy topsoil and compost by the yard to fill it, just ask around. Landscape supply companies are everywhere. You should use the dirt you removed mixed in a bit as filler unless it's really bad. Compost is where all the nutrients are, but too much will cause rot and problems, so you want to mix it with normal topsoil, and depending on your area a good substrate. I add sand since i live in an area with a lot of clay, but some people will add other stuff depending on the dirt they have already.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/VAtKD9S.jpg)
now is it stock bore with 400 cranks that make it a 383, or do you have to go .030 over?
unless it cracked the block or head instead....
Usually you should drop the tank to do it right. It would probably ok if you just zip tied it up there, but still... it is your brakes and without them you can't stop.
Anytime is about the same for used cars nomatter what people tell you. There isn't rebates for certain times of year, nor is there quota's to hit or factory bonuses for volume in used cars.  Obviously convertible's are cheaper in winter, and 4x4's a little more expensive. But for a regular car like a honda fit it is pretty steady pricing year round.   Demand is high during tax season, but usually on the really cheap cars. However, dealerships usually stock up on these cheaper cars around February, so the availability will be higher, and the pricing still lower to attract people who only have a little money in their pockets at that time of year.
sway bar links and shocks can be knocked out in a hour or so.  I would do the ball joint and control arm bushings at the same time too so as not to repeat axle and brake removal labor.  Basically a couple hundred bucks and a weekend project will get all of that done.
