And what do you do when your commander gets shuffled into your deck and then exiled from the top of your library with [[Pyxis of Pandemonium]]? You aren't allowed to look at the face down cards but IF your commander is exiled it you're allowed to move it to the command zone instead of leaving it in exile. (note I'm not actually sure what happens here, the rules don't address it if you can't look at the card) Commander has obscure rules situations. You're technically meant to still have to "track" the commander in your library even if you could somehow have another copy of it. You could have it with a mark or something on the face side of the card for example.
I know that's right with how it currently works, my point was that unless they change the rules somehow it makes cards that require (C) mana to effectively be much easier to use in commander than in any other type of magic. Normally if I have an Urborg and Island I'd still need a wastes or other source of (C) to cast spells requiring (C) mana or to activate (C) abilities. In commander however with an Island and Urborg if my commander does not have black in it's color identity I can now suddenly create (C) mana with any lands I have. I'm curious if the rules might in some way be changed such that instead of creating colorless (C) mana these sort of effects will create generic mana which would effectively make everything work the same as other formats albeit in a somewhat confusing way.
I don't understand. What are all of these other attack methods before the melee follow up? Melee is the only option. Granted "melee" frequently includes shoulders and knees to the face.
It's fairly important for things like being able to play Urborg in any deck to make any of your lands produce colorless if they normally produce no mana. Also prevents certain cards from completely hosing tons of people if they change your lands types like [[Blood moon]]
Blade dancer, the intimidating super where you activate it and your opponent jumps a half inch off the ground and becomes invincible
You got so lucky that Titan was outside his bubble and the first on you killed. They could have all sat in the bubble and have been safe. I was actually expecting a clip with 4 Nova bombs/fist of havocs all going on the people at the heavy ammo at once.
I've seen this work and it works well with the fact you can usually win fights easily in a group. What I typically run into is one person going to A, one to C, both dying and not capping or capping and instantly losing it. Then people at B get overrun by the enemy team and it's all a mess.
*looks at 320 Hung Jury equipped* *looks at all the friends on friends list with Hung Jury*  ...you don't say?
"Maintenance" meaning they're in the process of performing maintenance to try to get the servers back up after they crashed.
Now now, I'm sure there was a few dedicated developers that had to carefully design each bug and glitch.
Shadowshot usually keeps it. Hammer and BD "can" keep it but I have no idea how it's figured out. Probably 90% lag in those cases but I know I've seen/had it happen to me. The fact that it consistently happens with Fist of Havoc, Nova bomb and shadowshot is incredibly dumb though.
I don't think it's random head cannon considering we JUST saw the entire plane and all the planeswalkers having so much trouble trying to JUST stop Ulamong but now they can suddenly actually kill both Ulamong AND Kozilek and not even just trap them. It took 3 pre-mending planeswalkers just to trap the Eldrazi originally. The whole thing with Ob Nixilis, he just regained his spark and was all obsessed with leaving the plane as fast as possible and yet didn't. And sure we had New Phyrexia but this is the Eldrazi that have been said to be unkillable in any way and any "war" against them was more of how to flee and survive as much as possible while trying to figure out a way to contain them rather than even kill them. Hell Ugin doesn't even factor in here at all it seems, what was the point of going back and time and waking him up then?
you can revive snipe ONLY if you have The Master buff active. That's not exactly "just fine"
Not exactly something you can do on an item like this that sells out instantly online half the time and you have to order asap when it pops up to even get one.
Interestingly on MTGO the list you get is all cards not just cards you should be able to name. Technically you're only allowed to name cards that are legal in whatever format you're playing.
I mean honestly this is the opponents problem. This is exactly how Pithing needle works. You can name any card legal in the format. You aren't under any obligation to clarify what your opponent means if he names a different card than you think he means or names a card that it doesn't actually work on. Similarly you can name any card that produces mana with pithing needle and your opponent might think that works even though it doesn't. You aren't under any obligation to tell your opponent the correct way cards work if they're misplaying them against you. TL:DR know how your cards work if you're going to play them.
Great list. Couple things though.  1) Hobgoblins don't activate their shield if you shoot them with a sidearm  2) Similar to the explosive shanks, fusion rifles will prevent supplicants from exploding on death as well. (Explosive harpies in VoG Atheon fight) This includes the vex mythoclast.  3) You can run along the wall on the left side of the Mausoleum area to get to the scent chest rather than going on the invisible platforms. Usually quite easy once you try it a few times, especially with a sword. Much faster than using the platforms.  4) For whatever reason, the weekly Shaxx bounty for completing 5 Shaxx bounties counts Iron Banner weekly bounties towards it as well.  5) The "poison" chest on the dreadnought can be easily opened by using a sword and blocking while opening it so that you don't die. Alternatively you can use a super that gives increased armor or a bubble.  Also maybe it's just me but I don't think the L3/R3 thumb stick click sparrow side-boosts work except in sparrow racing. I tried doing it with my sparrow normally and I don't think it worked at all.
Just worth noting that if you're doing the gunsmith weapons for legendary marks exchange, prioritize rocket launchers first since they take less motes of light to level up to get 5 marks instead of 3.
I didn't mention SRL since it's not around anymore (and forgot really) but the Trials weeklies don't count toward the Shaxx weekly. I think they might have in the past at one point but they don't anymore.
Distributors can also be told by Wizards to not sell to X store. Usually they also dictate how much of a product they can sell to certain stores to a degree. If Wizards doesn't want your store buying product you sure as hell can bet they can stop distributors from selling it to you. You think a distributor is going to risk getting cut off from Wizards supply to get your store product if Wizards tells them not to sell to you?
The real issue is going to be with Judges and if Judges are told they have to report any store or location that is using proxies in any way. We just saw Wizards ban a massive group of Judges with fairly little discrimination it seems. Now imagine that every low level judge is told they have to report any location that they witness using Proxies. They can't use WER at locations they see using proxies. They have to worry that they'll not only get kicked out of the judge program but could also be banned from the DCI for judging at one of these locations or not reporting on them. It's so easy for Wizards to see who judged at a location that was reported for having proxies and then you find out what happens to all those judges that didn't report it.
I'm curious about a few things.  Will judges be held responsible for reporting on stores using or allowing proxy use on the site? I can see Wizards threatening and banning Judges for not reporting on this which could turn into a big issue. To some extent you can say that well nobody will tell Wizards about proxy use and they'll never know as long as you don't advertise. What happens when a Judge at a pptq or pre-release or fnm is expected to report proxy use or be kicked out of the judge program or even banned from the DCI?  Curious myself how gold-bordered cards are handled. Some groups might not allow proxies but will allow gold-bordered cards as a cheaper alternative in legacy/vintage or EDH environments. These are technically not allowed in tournament play but will they still be allowed to use in stores? They're basically wizards created proxies.  How is Wizards going to enforce this? If not for the judge scenario are they going to have people randomly checking locations? If not the threat is somewhat meaningless. How far will they investigate when told about a store breaking the rules? It'd be one hell of an easy way to kill competition among stores in your area if someone were to inform Wizards about all the local stores simply ignoring this rule. People seem to underestimate how big of a deal WPN membership is. You're talking about not longer being able to do basically anything Magic related. Hell they could go further and cut you off of anything Wizards or even Hasbro related. How many stores also do D&amp;D as well as Magic? How much are stores willing to gamble with Wizards on this threat?
You realize every single one of those distribution companies gets their product from the same single company Wizards right? Wizards gives them a list of stores they can't sell product to and boom you're dead in the water as far as getting product from any of them. Other stores are more than happy to buy up the extra product and the distribution companies don't lose a dime. You realize distribution companies are constantly in contact between Wizards and individual stores on how much of different product they can and will sell stores.
You don't think Wizards has contracts with every WPN store? That's part of the what being a WPN store is. Wizards cuts you off and you get nothing. You might be able to buy product from Channel Fireball or wherever other players buy product but that's it. No more discounts, no more sanctioned events, no more promos. Not to mention you would not be able to legally advertise that you even sell the product even. Honestly I'm not totally sure but I wouldn't be surprised if Wizards does have the ability to prevent you from selling the product even if you did buy it somewhere else. Free market isn't as simple as you seem to think it is. You agree to a lot of things simply by buying a product from a company and selling it. There's a lot of different rules in play depending on if you're a store versus a single person.
Which wizards could could still tell you that you can't play at any WPN store. You have to follow their official rules of gameplay when you're playing at a location, even casually it seems. This means your cards do what they say they do according to their official oracle text.
As far as I'm aware you can't use the cards to represent a different card. You could sanction an event as a create your own format event with the same Modern pool of cards but also Deathrite but you'd have to report that event as such under being a build your own format event. As far as I'm aware any reported events however have to follow all of the standard DCI magic rules. This even technically includes EDH at your local store. You will note however that up until now plenty of locations didn't do this and nobody was really holding anyone else accountable for it.
You can sanction it as "any format" but that doesn't mean that you can treat the magic cards as different cards. You have to follow the same rules as the game has and what the cards do.
Well to be fair you can back out and leave skyshock whenever you get the map. You can't get the exotic swords without doing the material farming.
The lower level judge told the lvl5 it was just a creature that died. He did not say it was a token creature. This makes the entire difference in the ruling. The fact that the lvl5 did not know this and made a ruling on it being a non-token creature and what would happen, agreeing with the lower level judge is the whole point. He didn't make an incorrect ruling as much as he made a ruling on a different fact altogether. He didn't not know the correct answer, he wasn't asked the right question.
The problem isn't giving them the idea. They said this "issue" is their top priority at the moment but they're having trouble finding a clean rule to solve it.
I mean...this is assuming you have a bunch of the cards already such as the fetches right? If you count all the other cards in the deck (not to mention 800+ in duals) it really adds up fast. There is a decent bit of overlap though.
Link to that game?
People complain about Iron Banner Control because there's so many people that don't play the objective...  So in response Bungie decides to put out Iron Banner RIFT? Are you fucking kidding me? Rift is probably the single worst crucible gametype with the most balance issues. Hello Iron Banner spawn camping and mercy rule.  It's like Bungie is trying to kill their game more and more.
Here's our third wave of Emotes!!! Also we nerfed Fusion rifles while we were at it because we felt generous.
Except Rift has been horrible since the day it came out. The spawns are incredibly dumb and you can easily spawn camp teams with minimal organization. Not to mention how easy it is to grab the heavy and camp spawns even more.
The problem is that Rift is the ONLY 6 man game type that does not at any time ever change spawns. When you're dealing with the amount of fireteams playing Iron Banner you're going to have pretty much EVERY match devolve into spawn camping for points. This is especially going to be a problem when there are bounties etc that reward you based on score etc.
I just assumed this would be a given for any sealed event especially with Expeditions now being a thing. I wonder if it's just Judges/Stores not being use to it. Might be that they think the pool swapping is quicker and don't want to spend more time. Makes things quicker if people drop out too. All said it's a pretty crappy situation.
This is always horrible news to hear. But I have to ask why a single store would have $17k in Expeditions on hand that could be stolen like that. $75k in total. I'm all a fan for secure safes and if you have that much in value you likely have a lot of copies of valuable cards you really shouldn't have more than 1 of any expedition on display. Also seems very bizarre to break into a store with a water meter turn off key especially if they left it behind.
There seems to be a LOT of mana abilities that only work at sorcery speed currently. Kozilek's Translator being the most obvious one that comes up in limited now.
[[Endbringer]] laughs at your silly cup island traps.
The best part is it seems they really liked to put mimics near other enemies such that you could accidentally hit them.
what makes you say that? What about it?
The NX is actually a joint venture between Nintendo and Sony and they're from now on going to be working together to make consoles again from here on.
She had like...one or two lines I think? I kept seeing her on the different lists and stuff and kept wondering if I was forgetting something.
Sometimes it depends on dvd/blu-ray sales. Sometimes there isn't enough content for a second sequel. (Sometimes there eventually is a second season once there is more of the whatever it's based on if it's based on a LN or Manga etc). Sometimes the rights holders determine that the boost to the LN/Manga etc from the anime has reached a saturation point where further anime won't boost it more and be profitable. (This is the supposed case with the Index series). Sometimes it seems certain studios just never do sequels and thus other studios don't end up doing sequels to a show that another studio did and that studio has no plans to ever do a sequel. Sometimes it's just because life sucks and isn't fair.
Is there any consensus on what are the good/bad companies when it comes to licensing Anime for NA? As far as good/bad quality of releases and or timing?
Where do I apply to have family in Japan?
He does in fact open a rare that quickly gets passed off as just some garbage. [It's not](/s "force of will")  D: spoiler tags don't work on this subreddit?
Pretty sure it's the "cult of the witch" or something that attacked the village. This is why Rem gets so angry at Subaru for having the smell of the witch and suspecting he's part of this group. Roswaal saved the twins from this attack...though it's not clear if he was part of the attack and simply spared them or what. If the demons use their horns to absorb mana from their surroundings it makes sense that Ram needs him to provide her with mana. We know that when Subaru used up all his mana he was basically unable to move so I imagine if she can't absorb mana from her surroundings she'd be in serious trouble very quickly if there's no way for her to get any more.  Also worth mentioning that while the Dragon helped defeat or seal or do something with the witch...I don't think anyone really knows it's goals or plans or anything so it's not necessarily easy to say it's a "good" being.
It seems like there could definitely be more going on. Ram seems to owe him or depend on him in some way. (She could need him to provide her with mana to survive since without a horn she can't absorb any from her surroundings.) Rem seems to just be sticking with Ram. Beatrice seems to have some deal with him...she seems to have some sort of contract with him along with the library. She seems reluctant to leave and stray very far from it at all. Emilia...don't know. She seems to be taking what she can get and doesn't have many options with the position she's in.
