Just random kids, hers are definitely on the boat.  But the second she put them on the boat, everyone knew she was going to die. I swear the Night's King only turned up because the world demanded she die for being too predictable.
Ser Gregor? Ser Gregor is dead, we all saw it, they even sent his skull to Dorne as proof dammit!  I have however heard there's this new knight on the scene called Ser Robert Strong, I bet he stands up for Truth, justice, and the incestuous way.  *looks side to side shiftily*
Next season just opens with him on a gold throne with black trim picking his gold grill with Longclaw.
Hehe, cooldown... geddit?
It's whoever manages to kill every other contender by this point XD
I just want to throw out that, after the end of this episode, what I expect to find next episode was called in advance;   http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/375l8f/s5_postpremiere_discussion_507_the_gift/crktluf
Moobeat's S@20 notes indicate there IS a sound effect associated with his cleaver but a bug has disabled it at the moment, at least in the video he posted. What that sound effect is I don't know but I'd say it's most likely a twongy sound of some kind.  EDIT: Your wish is their prescient command, here's a link to the sound - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muDSNkV3lyA&amp;feature=youtu.be
And a white Chroma for the Mario reference.
"Not like they would give skins away for no reason" you mean like they did at Christmas?
Rengar, Nidalee or Fisherman Fizz are also acceptable.
Even the later comments in which he makes veiled discussions about champion kit?
Where's you get that idea? There's been no confirmation of it ending anywhere, I for one would assume that it would continue until 9am PST everywhere, unless there's a reliable source that says otherwise.
Something like 6 seconds according to the PBE but it's not confirmed. He's not an assassin or fighter, he's pure tank. If you overextend on him the slow/stun combo and his swallow will let him wear you down while his E prevents you from doing the same, he basically forces extended engages.
Well here's a link of him actually saying it; http://picosong.com/gJmb/  It's pretty much as I was trying to describe it, with an elongated sound in the middle instead of a short sharp 'o'
Actually they recently started putting some 'fluff' animations into The rift when certain skin/champion conditions are met. It's probably not too hard to use this principle to apply minion skins under set conditions too.
As far as I'm aware it auto-pings where he's going on the minimap when he casts it
Alistair's passive is aoe magic damage for a few seconds after he uses an ability which would attribute the kill to him not trynd.
From the image it looks like part of your tail will clip the ground through the extended landing gear. Once the wheels are horizontal the rest of the craft tilting would cause a clip, and if the game detects that it used to spawn at a slightly higher position to resolve the problem. It definitely used to do this before 1.0 and I doubt they removed it as before that you could end up with some weird bouncing issues as the plane was forced out of the ground.  So in all likelihood your changes have raised/shortened the back end just enough to remove the ground connection.
Sounds like it's gonna be a Pokemon trainer then...
As well as Thresh, Karthus Hecarim and Mordekaiser representing the Four Horsemen.
Cow goes moo,  Frog goes croak,  Horse goes neigh,  Dog goes Ed...Ward....
Might wanna throw this out to the League of Legends and DOTA crowds as well. They may not be MMOs but they grab a huge cross section of people and will give you a good contrast in player experience I think.
I haven't seen anyone else mention her so I'm going to; Margaery Tyrell. When it comes to one-dimensional pretty much all we actually SEE of Margaery is power-hungry slut. We only hear of her third-hand after her arrest but she does pretty much just sleep her way from one King to the next all series.
It's also built on almost 10 years of tech development. The FIRST iPhone cost as much, and look what that could do.
Is it actually gonna be $30 when you start selling on the day?
Probably more worth it now than the pre-order physical Imperial Edition I have.  Art book is pretty though.
Are you a new player? If so I'm assuming you've had to register an ESO account first, which generally has an email confirmation part. Is it this email that's not coming through, or is it a device verification code email?  If you've not had any issue setting up an ESO account through the website make sure you can login there using the details you provided them to ensure the account is live.  If you bought through steam (I haven't so I don't know how they've got it set up) possibly check your steam account to make sure it's tied to the correct email address?
"Spends three hours saving the Duke and avenging his wife" oh here, have this ring and a few gold pieces, now fuck off I've got a fiefdom to run."  "Spends an hour saving a farmer from some sheep" oh thanks kind stranger, have these as a reward *gives legendary underwear of the forgotten Emperors*
The psychological studies and predictions from both Allies and Axis during the wars.  1) if you were a conscientious objector during the war you could volunteer for non-combat roles includ By medical experiments. These were often used to discover the effects that specific environmental impacts could have on otherwise healthy individuals, including: starvation, dehydration, sleep deprivation, withholding of vitamins and minerals, measurements of calorific intake, psychological torture and so on. Done on VOLUNTEERS, often overlooked because they refused to fight although the results of the studies had great effect on our understanding of human tolerances.  These next two I assure you to be true as I've read the original transcripts but don't have links to hand but I'm sure a bit of googling will turn up; - American psychological profiles of Hitler concluded in 1942 he would commit suicide rather than be captured, and were actually pretty accurate about a number of other choices he made.  - German Psychologists were really worried about the effects of British POWs on German morale. While others have documented how Hitler was pissed and wanted to ally with Britain against Russia, a lot of Germans viewed Britain positively. The problem was British POWs both officers and general soldiers were cocky and arrogant bastards with stiff upper lips. They mostly kept good order while captive, took every opportunity to mock their captors, refused work duty demanded breaks and generally carried such an air of confidence it would make German soldiers disconcerted. That and flirting with the local German milkmaids. Seriously. One of the examples they used is that of German soldiers threw spare cigarettes to soldiers in the camps other soldiers would scrabble for them, and the British would turn their backs on them unless handed to them properly. We were cocky motherfuckers even as prisoners.
Difference being by time the US was pulled directly into the conflict, Japanese tied to the Axis had already been solidified. By time the US had become a combative bation the Sino-Japanese conflict had already become entwined in the larger European conflict.
Whenever you load a game it just opens with a screen saying 'congratulations, you beat the thing. Have some pretty pictures.'
It's the way the cat looks back up and swipes at it as if to say 'no I wanna go back in there!' So typical.
Welcome to Alfred Nobel's life. He founded the Nobel prizes after he read a premature eulogy publish erroneously that lambast him as the horrific architect of thousands of deaths for inventing Dynamite, which also had tons of uses in structural engineering, making it much safer to use and transport explosive compounds for tunnelling and large scale demolition.
So for Japan, a country with an abysmal rate of natural resources, a negative interest rate can cause a major problem. One of the biggest issues with the Japanese economy is that it relies on both its imports and exports to remain stable at the same time without being able to turn to internal production to relieve the financial burden; they can only be competitive for exporting goods if they can still afford to import raw materials, as their own supply of so many of the materials essential to their exports is so low.
I always heard it was the other way around. Leaving cutlery in an X indicated you were still eating (as they were still positioned for your hands to take up again) while upon completion you would place them both together and they could point in a direction indicating satisfaction.
Light in a vacuum as a guess, universal constant and all that jazz. I don't remember the actual displayed speed numbers etc but I remember when I ha e seen them I felt the speed of light made sense for the space scenes.
It's possible there's something in there information wise they don't want going public outside of their new schedule. Somethibg about mechanics or lore they want to keep within their launch window.
Riot Penguin and Baconhawk left as well.
You say that as if there's ever been a world where we didn't think eating meat was a good idea. We are talking about economies of scale. On a planet of 7 billion people we kill, by your numbers, just over 8 animals a YEAR. That's 365 days, or one animal every 45 days.   Sure the number sounds big, but when you take into account how overpopulated the planet is, they're actually not that unreasonable.
Sorry but this is bugging me; your complaint is casual gaming through apps such as mobile or Facebook etc. I get that. But then you say 'but not gaming on anything other than a phone/console/pc.' you've just listed basically every video game device. What the fuck else do you expect people to play on?  Or do you mean you object to casual gamers so write off anything outside of their Skinner boxed apps?
Short explanation to save OP the trouble (assuming this is the one I'm thinking of)  Stick 5 monkeys in a room that has a ladder with a treat at the top. Spray all the monkeys with water whenever one tries to grab the treat.  Replace a monkey, and watch as the new monkey attempts to grab the treat, only to be attacked by the others who don't want to be sprayed.  Rinse and repeat until all the monkeys have been replaced. You end up with a group of monkeys who attack each other if anyone tries to go for the treat, even though they have no idea WHY they're attacking, because none of them have ever been sprayed with water for going for it.
Part of the issue is cultural. For some women, there's a lot of pressure to fulfill certain needs of a family, especially around children, that can have a negative impact on things such as their willingness to take on additional hours or responsibility. There's also potential bias away from women with children when it comes to providing promotions or even general employment. That sort of discrimination is illegal in some places and shitty to most people but unfortunately it does happen.   The point of the dispute is that saying women get paid less than men sounds like, hour for hour, they're earning less than their male counterparts. In reality it's much more complex, but the reality is that the gender bias that affects earning potential is not one of pay scale, but rather the perceived role of women within a family unit.
Check their twitters, it's now cawwsizzle and the penguin side I believe. They've both definitely gone though, I was shocked too.
Timestamps show these were from late at night. Seems this is the history he found on a work computer when he got in this morning.
Rowling has answered this one; you have to sort of emotionally process the death for the effect to occur. Deaths that you don't process or have awareness of when they happen don't have the right emotional Impact apparently.
At the end of OOTP wasn't madeye dueling three of them at once?
Slight correction; Mrs Norris saw it in a reflection. Justin saw it through Nick, who cant die twice.  We never really find out how they fix Nick.
He spent $60,000 buying debt that had a value of $15,000,000 if he had successfully claimed all of it back from the debtor. Thats the figure being put out by most anyway.
Homeless sector. Fire department. Law enforcement (if you're not an asshole). Aid worker. Childcare. Teaching.  There's a couple without giving it any thought that are specifically about helping others.
Nah. They've made the slot longer as needed before now without any issues. It's part of why they schedule it so late; between the episode and thronecast it's the end of their nightly programming block, they can gain the rest of the time back during early hours. That's assuming they don't just fill it out to a 30 minute extension which is also possible.
