Can this become a teen comedy? The kid is a loser/terrible football player and gets magical Gronk powers from the cleats. The kid destroy people on the football field, and becomes a lady's man/party animal. Right before he is going to play in the State championship game, he forgets his cleats on the bus. The kid is nervous that he won't help his team without his magical powers. Gronk comes to the State championship as a "Celebrity ref". Our kid blurts out to Gronk that he lost the magical cleats. Gronk tells him that the cleats were normal cleats, and the magic was inside of him. He just had to believe in himself. Our youngster grabs 8 catches for 127 yards and 2 TDs. The 2nd TD comes with no time left on the clock  as part of game winning drive.  Either that, or due to a technicality Gronk is allowed to suit up for the high school because he is "considered a student" due to the cleat donation. Gronk has 14 grabs for 435 yards and 5 TDs. The credits involve Gronk doing an actual keg stand that lasts for 4 minutes and 40 seconds on top of the team's bus as it drives away. Gronk does all of his own stunts, so he will be chugging actual beer throughout.
That's the kind of hit where you forget where you are and what you are doing for a couple of minutes.
Wilfork used to be in the running  http://www.bigy.com/OurStores/FoodService/InVinceIble/assets/VinceWsandwich.jpg
Sometimes the smaller packages are cheaper when on sale. Frank's Red hot sauce was cheaper per ounce when buying two smaller bottles (same amount) as one big bottle.  Check the unit price and make sure you are comparing apples to apples. $/oz, $/lb, $/100ct etc.
Yeah, $20 for TNT, TBS, ESPN, ESPN2, AMC, Food Network, HGTV etc
Manager: "What the hell John?!? You just shattered Gordon's face!!!"  John: "ROADHOUSE!!!!!!!"  Manager: "Haha, you're right. Old Gordo had it coming. Nice work!"
"Thank you, come again!"
That pop at the end
That one needs to followed with an evil, creepy chuckle
Thought there was going to be a closed window on a penis
Homer: Well crying isn't going to help. Now, you can sit there feeling sorry for yourself or you can eat can after can of dog food until your tears smell enough like dog food until your dog comes back, or you can go out there and find your dog.  Bart: You're right.  [Gets up and leaves]  Homer: Rats. I almost had him eating dog food.
Richard Naranjo
Never gets old. Its like a nu thang every time.
Cheese is our new currency
Northern Over-exposure!
Poker cam!
We stop them, but their offense is moving better than ours
You never go full Delhomme
OSHA, who needs it
The smell probably helped too.
Run D is playing tough
Nice spark from Amendola
Ghost :(
Let's go D!
My HD antenna is looking good
Logan Ryan!!!!
Helmet hits all day
Not yet. Quick 3 and out or an INT
We're on to the 2 pt conversion
Except when Josh Gordon burned him on that slant for 70 yards.
@Caesar: Et tu brute!
Gigli (2003)
Thanks man
Ice cream meltdown? I need to see this.
/u/DaveDavidsen encountered a wild butthole  A wild butthole appeared!
Let's go D!!!!
FG these Phins
Floyd says goodnight
Let's go!
Uncontrollable AI in movies/stories from the 50s to the 80s is becoming more real every day
Probably because he misses his glasses
That won't be his last
That shirt is pretty awesome. Where could I go about getting one?
Number of beers consumed
It's like when you do that 1 in a million thing and nobody was around to see it. Only this time there is a CCTV to capture your glory.
Antibiotic development and proper utilization needs constant improvement.
/r/blackplague
Dibs on the movie rights
Big stop!
Nice tackle!
