Find a bevy of 8th grade boys with chiseled man-faces and then you might have something to be concerned about.
Ah-hahaha thank you! Duckduckgo wasn't giving me anything with "schmaltzy baby eggshell portraits" :P
Silicone has a melting point around 500F, so it'd have to be super hot. A soldering iron, maybe.
o noes my hed exploeded
Testosterone esters suspended in oil aren't designed for through-the-skin absorption, so no.   It's possible that T cream or gel applied directly to the genitals *might* have a *more* localized effect due to the higher concentration of 5-alpha-reductase in genital skin. (1) But any dose large enough to have noticeable localized effects is going to have *some* systemic effect as well. Depending on the magnitude of the lowest dose where localized effects are seen, systemic masculinization might be extremely slow. Or it might not.   Your partner is aware that going off T will allow the ovaries to dominate hormonally again and that many effects of T will reverse? Your partner could continue on T until they're satisfied with their genitals, provided they're willing to accept accept the risk that things might not change back to the full extent they'd like. People who detransition (or trans women on E, for that matter) experience facial changes, tend to see decreased and lightened body hair (and sometimes facial hair), and particularly for people who haven't been on T long, voices may come back up somewhat, though not generally to how they were orginally. However, anything more than mild hairline changes or head hair loss is not likely to reverse.   (1) 5-alpha-reductase is the enzyme responsible for converting T to DHT. DHT is dihydrotestosterone, which has a much stronger androgenic effect than testosterone.
Whoa.
wow.
No difference here.
I have yet to understand what it is I'm being deceived about, exactly.
[Torsobreads?](https://www.flickr.com/photos/28695026@N03/4038353577/in/gallery-vegefoodie-72157623400242885/)
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. NOW I get it.
There's not much. *Becoming A Visible Man* and *Second Son* are both thoughtful memoirs. *Hung Jury* is a highly recommended anthology about lower surgery. None of them are particularly theoretical. I would anti-rec anything by Bobby Noble. He's an academic, but his views on trans men are outdated and rather offensive.  There's probably things I'm forgetting and I hope other folks will chime in.
The FAQ at r/ftm covers a lot of this: http://www.reddit.com/r/ftm/wiki/index#wiki_bottom_surgery
Ah-haha, a researcher after my own masochistic heart. "Enjoy." ;)
Different surgeons offer different options and different techniques. Generally, you research the sort of options you want and then consult a surgeon who does those things. The surgeon will tell you whether you're a good candidate for what you want.   There are photos available for those who know how to find them, but the trans community at large is highly derogatory towards trans male lower surgeries. Consequently, the people whose photos they are tend to be wary of granting access.   What surgery is "more" effective depends on an individual's goals. There are benefits and drawbacks to each procedure.
That was the most bizarre thing I'd ever seen from her, until she followed it up with that post about the psychological struggles of being a cat mama. Now it's a toss-up.
This seems pretty clearly off topic. Did you mean to post this here?
I see it's already in r/actuallesbians and r/lgbt. r/srsgsm maybe? Lower traffic but there's some member overlap with here.  This *is* intended to be a parody comm, not a discussion one. Though I understand the urge, b/c people here are pretty great.
lol irl
Do you have end goal in mind as far as activity (10K, a bike race, etc)?
[It's already begun.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gendercritlesbians/comments/39tzfp/what_do_you_think_should_be_the_appropriate_level/)
Can you upgrade through your carrier's website?
Did you exercise hard the day before the blood draw? Creatinine and other stuff can be elevated due to muscle breakdown from exercise. Whenever my numbers came back elevated, my doc ordered a 24 hr urine test to check my protein and creatinine clearance. A high creatinine level is not an issue if your creatinine clearance is correspondingly high. Did your doc say anything about further tests?
I initially removed just the one comment, but there's really no value to this at all. Bye.
&gt; However, transpeople feel like their gender identity is mismatched to their gender, and that this is from birth. This suggests that gender identity is in some sense 'hardwired' rather learned.   Some trans people do. These trans people use the term "gender identity" to mean what Serano described as "subconscious sex."   This confuses the issue horribly and I wish the fuck it would stop.
That's terrible. Is there anything your union can do?
If you've had unactionable/unrequited crushes before, it's exactly the same thing. You let yourself have the thought, remind yourself that's not why you're there, and get back to why you *are* there. Eventually the thoughts stop coming.
Honest answer? Decade-plus. YMMV.
No, it is YOU who know not
To anyone thinking of contacting the mods, I will point out that this is neither r/GenderCriticalDebate nor r/CMVGenderCrit. Appeals to hear "all sides" will be casually mocked.
I'm sorry. You're handling this very maturely, but it's still horrific abuse. As others said, record these incidents, and if you can, try to get your father to take responsibility as a parent. He's being abused too and probably needs help, but as the adult and your guardian, he has the responsibility to seek it out for all of you. If he can't or won't, I would suggest talking to a mandatory reporter rather than CPS directly. They vary by state, but teachers, counselors and doctors are mandatory reporters almost everywhere. If they are someone you already know they can provide emotional support, and will hopefully be more likely to try to help you access resources like legal help.   This is not something you should be responsible for handling, but if your dad can't or won't, you owe it to you, your sister, and him to try.
Comment removed for passive-aggressive post-ban editing.
Hair grows at different rates. What you're probably seeing now are the fast growing hairs. The rest will take longer to fill in.
Thanks for posting this.
Gaslighting. Being told your reasonable reactions aren't until you believe you're the crazy one.
TIL loopholes constitute privilege.
Trans Pacific Partnership?
When reduced sufficiently, it makes an acceptable substitute for maple syrup.
(flower)(squiggly)(asterisk)edgy(asterisk)(squiggly)(flower)
(If you're still answering)  How do you define butch? Do you define it differently for yourself than you do in a broader sense? Do you think it has use as a category as some TERFs try to argue?
Should have refreshed before I posted. See I'm not the only one with a brilliant idea. But seriously: there is absolutely nothing redemptive on trans tumblr. The content is virulently toxic and the way the site is set up offers no content control or privacy. Delete your accounts, put the site on block so you aren't tempted to sign back up. Block the URLs of upsetting tumblrs so he can't check them manually. Send your SO here, or to LJ (which is quiet, but still exists).
&gt; If you want egalitarian terms, make new terms.   They won't. They'll shit all over us for not making new terms but they'll do fuck-all themselves.  /not really contributing
&gt; They care a lot what someone does with their body when "they" are female and what she's "doing" is not having sex with them.  So, precisely like TERF lesbians wrt afab trans people?
We don't know what having a male brain means, quite frankly, so it's not a good thing to base trans legitimacy on, either.  Radical femininism assumes a priori that gender socialization is universal and inevitable, and that a feminist's life work is to decondition herself from it, while GC thought assumes gender socialization is the cause of trans people (there is no life work involved. GC "feminism" is more properly an excuse to hate trans people than it is feminist praxis).  Gender socialization is, I think, better understood as a soup in which we're all swimming. What you internalize from the soup is supposed to be solely governed by your assigned sex, but all sorts of variables--family, class, religion, personality, etc--can influence the process. A person can "fail" socialization by internalizing things meant for the opposite sex, by not internalizing things meant for them, or both.  /#yesallwomen is useful for looking at ways to address systemic misogyny, because everyone is exposed to misogyny and there *is* a gender-correlation in who tends to absorb which particular messages. But /#yesallwomen is *not* so useful when trying to understand one's own life and the messages aren't matching up. Again, reasonable people understand this and won't tell you that you're not your gender, or insist you're wrong and that apparent gaps in socialization are evidence of a false consciousness (i.e. you've internalized to the point where you can't trust yourself).
I needed that lol!
&gt; It's almost like they believe in some sort of immaterial gender... essence.   Smells like quesadillas.
Because people come in here and whine how we need to be nicer and why can't we have discussions. We don't want that here. They can have discussions over there, now. After some time, this will be unstickied.    EDIT: and of course if someone else wants to create a less blatantly transphobic atmosphere, they can start yet another sub or collaborate on this one or something. To be clear, I don't have high hopes for r/gcdebatestg. But people have asked for it, someone made one, and so we're pointing the way. We're not responsible for internet masochists.
&gt; This is why they can say they had a gender identity when they were very young. Very young children watching TV and other media, and hearing a wide range of sexist cultural messaging, could conceivably decide at a relatively early age (and some would undoubtedly persist in this decision) that the way they would prefer to be treated by others is the way that the opposite sex is treated.  No amab child exposed to that sweet, sweet, inescapeable male privilege would ever *decide* he wanted to be a girl, and absolutely every afab child would decide she wanted to be a boy because boys are treated better. That's basically the *entire premise of GC's socialization boner.* And yet, somehow...this is not how it plays out in real life.  &gt; Next time you see a discussion on gender identity and what makes a "man" and "woman" according to these classifications, instead of hearing the tautological definition of "anyone who identifies as a man/woman," think "anyone who wants to be treated according to the dominant/submissive sex role."  That...took a turn.
Any soft tissue (muscle, fat) changes will revert, changing your body composition and shape, and your face shape back to what it was. Depending on how far your voice has broken, it may rise somewhat. Body hair will probably mostly revert; facial hair probably will not, or if it does, it won't disappear completely. Your period will come back. Your genitals may shrink a little, but probably not to where they were before. Is there anything in particular you're concerned about?
But UR GAMETES
