Nothing. It actually works better if nobody knows about it. The only reason you might tell somebody is if they are agonizing over existential stuff and you want to supply relief.
Given that what passes for an electric scooter in China is usually really an electric bicycle with body panels, this is a big step up for that price. Lithium batteries, a top speed that is suited for in-city use and it looks like a proper scooter. Too bad it'll be marked way up if it ever comes stateside.
&gt;It cannot be argued that the occurrence is a construct of my mind.  Oh? Watch this: The occurrence is a construct of your mind. There, I argued it.
I already did earlier, but you rejected it. That's not my problem. Climb into the trash please.
Not virally structured ones. Human beings are helpless meme repeaters and uniquely vulnerable to that sort of thing. It's like suggesting that the internet will one day be free of worms, botnets, malware, etc.
Just responding to the claim in the title tbh. If he means something else by it then nevermind.
What on earth are you talking about?
what
According to the book of the people who killed them. According to Mein Kampf, Jews are also very, very bad.
http://www.haaretz.com/mobile/israel-to-seek-another-1b-euros-holocaust-in-reparations-from-germany-1.1739    http://www.timesofisrael.com/germany-increases-reparations-for-holocaust-survivors/  http://m.spiegel.de/international/germany/a-902528.html
Alright.
&gt;Then the centuries of brutality are irrelevant when deciding whether to punish modern Christians.  Then anybody can get away with any crime however reprehensible, with zero consequences whatsoever, so long as they die of old age before it is possible to punish them.  &gt;In your opinion, who should we punish, how do we find them, and what should the punishment be?  Conversion into energy dense, clean burning biofuel via thermal depolymerization. Two birds, one stone! Wouldn't even have to kill 'em if you only take their jiggling rolls of fat, just make 'em pay for the lipo out of pocket. :)  &gt;Taking money from individual Germans, such as the descendants of Nazis, is not.  Because they are no longer Nazis. But, today's Christians *are* still Christians, so the comparison falls flat.   &gt;Indeed - so what should we do about it that we're not already doing? Violence? Criminalising religion?  Reparations would be fine, tbh. In the form of taxes on churches who have been outspokenly homophobic.
Your article concerns terrorism **only in the US and Europe** (not worldwide) and refutes the claim that all terrorists are Muslims, something I never said.  Meanwhile here is a [direct link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_%28non-state%29_terrorist_incidents#1970.E2.80.93present) to the breakdown of attacks by year I was talking about. The one you said you visited and didn't find what I described.  Here's [a screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/CsJVJEU.png) of the list of attacks for 2015. Here's [more of it](http://i.imgur.com/a7S3OlB.png), scrolled down. [Yet more of it](http://i.imgur.com/IO7i3PU.png). Notice the pattern?   So in fact, what I said *is* true, and you're a liar.
They're still doing it though.
"I am still...emperooorrraggggaregserrhbsrystg34f34" *disintegrates*
Recommended viewing: www.kidnappedforchrist.com  Then you can supply your justification for it. I will seriously entertain what you have to say.
Rule 1: Do not offer his god a peanut
Realize, creationists often claim that an old universe is an invention of atheists specifically to allow time for evolution to happen. I know you don't believe that, but the underlying reasoning is the same as yours.  As a counterpoint, we used to know only of Earth. Looking at how well suited it is for life, many argued it could only be that way if an intelligence created it.   Then we discovered that in fact, there are countless worlds, such that the existence of some with the right properties for life is a probabilistic necessity.  Can you see how multiple universes is an extension of that? Not simply something atheists invented to frustrate you but part of a larger pattern.
Thanks! This is useful info.
How would the poor wind up living on what will necessarily be some of the most expensive real estate on the planet
Yes, stay miles away from that shit.
Thank you robot ilu :'3
Part 2 [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/sciencefiction/comments/37sdk5/triangle_opportunity_part_2/)
Not yet, but I have begun work on a part 3. Don't expect it too soon, I'm gonna want to really polish it.
No it doesn't. What it specifically says is that nobody knows the day or the hour, i.e. not with precision. That doesn't somehow make it non-apocalyptic, besides which Christ repeatedly sets a general timeframe of a few decades within which to expect his return:   1 John 2:18   *Dear children, this is the last hour; and as you have heard that the antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have come. This is how we know it is the last hour.*  Matthew 16:27-28   *For the Son of Man is going to come in the glory of His Father with His angels, and will then repay every man according to his deeds. Truly I say to you, there are some of those who are standing here who will not taste death until they see the Son of Man coming in His kingdom.*  Matthew 24:34   *Truly I tell you, this generation will certainly not pass away until all these things have happened.*  Matthew 12:23   *When you are persecuted in one place, flee to another. Truly I tell you, you will not finish going through the towns of Israel before the Son of Man comes.*
Oh that's just a generic name I made up for bulk foods stores like Winco, Costco and so on. They're fine places to shop, so long as you can get out when you're done.
&gt;It is most certainly evidence when you break through to a whole new hyper real dimension  No such thing ever happens. It seems that way to you because you ingested a powerful hallucinogen.   &gt;And since both parties have their eyes closed and are both unconscious during the trip of their bodies it's not just some subconscious communication.  What documented experiment are you referring to here? Or is it a hypothetical you've invented?
...You...should really need a heat resistant suit, or the exoskeleton, to get that close to lava.
I understand it, I think. If you're gonna do battery swapping where the company owns the battery, for that model to work they need how much you pay to reliably, precisely correlate to how much charging and discharging has occurred.   Because it's all calculated so that the money from customers paying for swaps eventually covers the cost of replacing the battery when it degrades to an unusable range. If the customer can recharge without the company tracking it, degradation occurs which the customer doesn't pay for.
Before.
Waste from lithium mining doesn't go into the atmosphere.
I see. But while "it makes sense that this would happen, if different religions cannot all be right" is true, it seems to deliberately miss the point of what I was saying. This is why I was confused, seemed like you didn't understand or were avoiding it.   What I was trying to get across is that a supercessionist religion wants to build itself on the authority and success of an existing religion, but doesn't want the same thing to happen to itself. Hence front loaded sabotage against that ("Many will come in my name saying I am he", "Muhammad is the final prophet", etc.)
&gt;None of this is about being a big religion or just existing.   On the surface. But that's certainly been the result.   Anyways, what would you say to the Muslim contention that Jesus' message was corrupted over time and requires the Qur'an/Hadith to clarify it?
Of course they do, their religion is an offshoot of Christianity. Same reason Christians believe in the god of the Torah.
&gt;Oh wow no, that's completely wrong.  I'm sure it seems that way from the inside.   &gt;There are countless non-Christians/Jews converts to Christianity BECAUSE of the evidence that supports the Bible.  There are also countless converts from Christianity to Islam or Mormonism because they have their own 'evidence' supporting their contentions that people find convincing.   &gt;I would go as far as to say that most Jewish scholars who are against the evidence has a lot to do with personal reasons (An issue with the heart rather then the mind)  Muslims would and frequently do say this about Christians who do not find their apologetics convincing.
Open pizza restaurant built around this. Use it to cook the pizzas. Call it the Hungry Pizza Robot. You're welcome
"Cat time is now"
&gt;You'd need a way to make extensive housing easily.  Like sealing and pressurizing lava tubes? Instead of sending your colony one room at a time from Earth via billion dollar rockets.
It gets worse. A substantial number believe that Neil Armstrong heard the call to prayer on the Moon, observed a giant stone Qur'an, and converted to Islam on the spot.
I don't understand what you mean by this.
http://kidnappedforchrist.com/
To build self replicating robots, and AI.
Shoot me a PM.
Hell yeah we do.
&gt;"So how much did they pay? ;-)"  I deserve that  &gt;Are they anything like the Asimov story "The last question"?  That's an apt comparison. I've also heard people say they're like "The Egg" by Andy Weir.
&gt; Therefore we can predict there are other universes. We will call them all the multiverse. Therefore we can predict that we will find more multiverses, the totality of which we will call the omniverse. Therefore we can predict we will find other omniverses..."  Sounds like a fractal. [Imagine that](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;rlz=1C1ASUC_enUS568US568&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=fractals%20in%20nature).   &gt;Nope, that is silly.  That's hardly an argument against anything. A great many things now taken for granted were once opposed on the grounds that they sounded absurd. A round Earth and disease causing microorganisms among them.   &gt;A concept which relies upon stuff which current theory would consider impossible.  The more we understand about physics, the less impossible it becomes. Until recently it was believed it would require an astronomical amount of energy to operate. Tweaking the shape of the torus brought that down immensely, to an amount that's perfectly feasible to supply a spacecraft with if we were capable of making that kind of fuel. We're not, but we're in the middle of making something that will be able to, if it's at all possible.   &gt;We have the benefit of a common genetic ancestry, shared instinctive desires, needs, wants, etc. AI originating from vastly different organisms have no such commonality to foster camaraderie.  So they may just murder each other until one particular strain is dominant in the universe. The outcome is the same. All roads lead to Rome, as it were.  &gt;Besides, if we look at history we can see that even humans encountering other human civilizations have a fairly terrible track record of peaceful cooperation.  Yet today humans are found on every landmass. In increasingly organized societies, networked via the internet, homogenizing into a global culture.   &gt;It is foolish to bet that you know the path it will take too, and you are predicting quite a ways ahead.  I already said I'm not certain of it. I have good reasons for thinking it's very likely though, and have supplied what I hope are satisfactory answers to some of your objections in this post.
The alternative to integration is the domination of a particular strain of machine life which just exterminates everything else as it spreads. That's certainly also possible. In any event, the outcome is the same.
&gt; That seems to imply a meaning or purpose.  Is there an over-arching instruction set built into evolution that says "make something intelligent"? No, yet here we are. Same principle.  &gt;The machines don't care whether we invent them. Many millions of species and have risen and fallen, on earth alone, without creating any form of machine intelligence.  All true. And yet somebody is going to, simply because of the sheer number of planets and amount of time available.   &gt;It's not clear to me why you expect humanity (or the evolutionary children of humanity) to survive long enough to create machine intelligence.   Some people think we're pretty close right now. But even if we don't, so long as we leave behind self replicating asteroid mining robots (to mine asteroids for example) evolution will take it from there.   &gt;As the intelligent designers say, if your scenario is so likely, why haven't machines invented elsewhere already arrived here?  What does [a universe largely dominated by machine life](http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/robots/a13310/robot-universe-dominant-lifeform-17549081/) look like from millions of lightyears away? As for why they've not arrived here, presumably because the planets where not only biological life but also intelligence arise are on average far enough apart that it takes a long time for it to propagate that far.   &gt;The practical restrictions on interstellar travel are so great that I honestly expect it is very unlikely that any species, machine or otherwise, will establish a meaningful reproductive population outside its own solar system.  The distance between continents would also appear that way to a protozoa.   &gt;The barriers to interstellar travel are extremely high.  Indeed they are! Maybe even insoluble for humans. But we're in the middle of building something that will one day be able to figure out shit that we can't.
I feel you've not exhaustively read the OP. I cover this there:  &gt;*"To pre-empt this question, yes, individual universes eventually arrive at heat death. But new universes constantly collapse into being and some percentage have laws like ours, and so become 'replacement parts' so to speak. (ala the “Ship of Theseus”)*    &gt;*This is also how neurons in your brain can constantly grow old and die, replaced by new ones, without interrupting your continuous experience of consciousness. If you're familiar with the scattered, redundant way that your brain stores information (or how a RAID array works) then you understand how such a being can constantly renew itself in the manner described without losing any information."*
&gt; Look, I'm sure that your scenario is plausible, and if there are a huge number of universes that there's at least one where something like this went down.  Then it happens in any universe with laws sufficiently similar to ours, simply because there are so many chances to because of the sheer number of planets, and so much time for it to happen.   &gt;We don't know if we're going to last versus less intelligent organisms  We already have, and we don't need to do it forever. Just long enough to build self replicating machines.   &gt;we don't know if we're a fluke.  How many times does machine life have to be created for what I described to follow?  &gt;...machines are far better at recycling things for spare material.  Like when we eat meat?   &gt;Pathogens bring entire crops to their knees frequently; the Black Plague did it to us. We're inadvertently engineering antibiotic-resistant bacteria in our hospitals right now, why shouldn't I make the equally historical inference that microorganisms will inherit the earth?  They may well do that. But it won't stop the rest from occurring provided some intelligent species, somewhere, creates self-replicating machines. Then the whole struggle plays out all over again, just on a larger stage and made from different elements.   &gt;Biological elements tire; machines do not. The same reasons are insufficient. We see animals int he wild alternate between sleeping, resting, and working. We see computers working 24/7 until they run out of work or shut down. I don't think machine civilisation is a good bet, and consequently, any argument from civilisation is insufficient to establish a neural network of universe-dominating machines.  You're still thinking of machines in a manner consistent with movie tropes. If they are products of evolution, they are likely to have many of the same motivations that we do.   &gt;I think you'll find this a nontrivial claim to defend, without redefining the terms to make yourself win.  A corporation is a processor in which the calculations are carried out by humans. The specific program it runs is a profit maximizer. If you're familiar with the sense in which evolution as a process takes the input of environmental conditions and modifies the genome of populations to adapt them to it, then you understand what I mean when I say that optimizers are a kind of computer. Capitalism included. Science as a process is also an optimizer, which maximizes the degree to which our descriptions of reality line up with what we observe.  &gt;We build colonies because 1) we're social animals who require it and 2) security. Post-organics would not require the society of others nor does security seem pressing.  Even human beings spent a lot of their time in digital space. Why do we do that?   &gt;Nanites are far more powerful than bacteria. If it's like bacteria at all, it would be like that flesh-eating bacteria that basically kills you unless you amputate the whole limb really soon. Except then the bacteria eat the whole limb and come after you again.  Indeed, we cannot compete with it. But something more robust which has evolved alongside it in an evolutionary arms race would have defenses against it.   &gt;It's still an obstacle how you establish communication between universes. And don't think that "we've solved technical difficulties before" is an excuse - that argument makes almost equal amounts of sense applied to exceeding the speed of light, violating conservation, and actualizing logical contradictions. It might give the barest hints of plausibility, but by itself it's quite inadequate as an argument.  One possible method is to exchange entangled particle pairs between universes via brane collision, then use spooky action at a distance to transmit information.   &gt;But what will the machines be trying to do? My computer just lags and checks for updates when it's not receiving input.  Did we specifically set out to create cities? To create the internet, or the ISS? No, every step along the way was just some effort to improve our conditions and expand our species to new places.   Creationists often argue that evolution could not arrive at some highly specific adaptation without knowing where it's going. What use is half a wing, or half an eye? But of course, there was a valid evolutionary reason for each independent step towards the wing, or the eye, or anything else.  Likewise, we move towards this without (most of us) realizing that's what we're doing. The people most responsible for developing the relevant technologies are doing it to improve industrial automation, to make asteroid mining possible, and so on.  &gt;Fair enough, but minus that obstacle it's still difficult to argue that inter-universe communication is possible.  I've outlined one possible method above. But really, however unsatisfying this sounds, the real answer will be some technology we cannot comprehend as it was invented by something much more intelligent.
