He's gonna be walking for a while, since he can't exactly fit on one of those ships.
It showed Lord Protector Mormont giving Jon his sword, mentioning that it's Valyrian Steel.
Actually his overall point was that Lan and Demandred were equal in skill if they were both fresh. It's implied by Lan's inner dialog that if he were not so tired he thought it would have been an even fight. But Lan could also have been underestimating himself, considering the fact that he'd been fighting for ***days*** at that point and was still only barely losing.
&gt;and leave the results, if any, for next week.  People forget that we didn't immediately see the effect of her magic last time either. When Stannis burned the slugs, nothing happened until later. All of the people he named died, but it wasn't ten seconds later. It wasn't even in the same season for most of them.
Yeah that's usually what happens. You start off with a system. It's a great system. Your head agrees that it's the best idea ever...until you get half way through. Then you realize, oh fuck, even though this system is great, there's not enough trees! Panic! Fuck it, just wing it and hope it works out.
http://i.imgur.com/OjoFkwW.jpg
Out of curiosity...if this fine hits them and they actually get charged it...where does that money go?
Exactly. They don't actually upgrade their infrastructure because, at least before now, no one actually ever called them on doing nothing after receiving the money. They've gotten tons of grants in the past and then not delivered. Then, when the government does complain, they lock it in legal crap for decades because of giant legal departments. It's all a massive scam.
Lloyd, Cecile and Nina were definitely in on it. There's no way Nina would have given up her hatred for Zero (and by extension, Lelouch) any other way. And if Nina was in on it, there's no reason I can see why Lloyd and Cecile weren't as well. It's perfectly in character for Lloyd, too.  Basically, the majority of important major characters either figured it out or was in on it.
No problem, my pleasure!
This is clearly a self inputted database that's...well, lackluster.  I entered 1952 for shits and giggles. Apparently, the only World related thing to happen since then is the 1986 disaster at Chernobyl. What about the massive tsunami in Japan a few years back? What about the wars that have happened?  Additionally, continental drift has apparently been debunked. It has? I went to the Wikipedia link....and the page basically says there's a ton of evidence to support the concept. It mentions that the *initial* theory submitted in the late 1590's was pretty much debunked, but the concept as a whole is very much real.  Then you get to Technology...and almost all of it is Apple related. Whoever set this up has a serious hard-on for them.  That, all combined with the terrible aesthetics of the site...yeah it's not that interesting nor impressive.
Join the club. Didn't know that those paper cups had a name.
Because they didn't want him working for the government anymore, they wanted him working for them in essentially black ops that had no real government.
Because in your mind, you're logically thinking about it and how it makes no sense, so you're bothered even further by the fact that you feel the way you do without being able to understand why, explain it, or do anything about it.
It would also explain why there's a map to a person who intentionally went into Exile and supposedly doesn't want to be found.
Reference for those who don't know about this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB2yRlqfDnM  Although it's kinda hard to hear, I can see how it was missed.
&gt; But everyone in the middle has access to it and can read it?  Pretty much. I'm pretty sure that the Tor browser encrypts outgoing data, though, (most likely getting decrypted by the final node, but I don't know off hand, I've never really used Tor or cared about it).  So at most, in the example above, Britney *might* be able to read it, but John, Alex and Mohammed have no chance unless they can decrypt it, which is a pretty difficult thing to do without the decryption key.  Basically, they never open the envelope, but there's a post-it note on it saying where it goes next, so they just send it on its way.
There's a big difference because when a cyclist is in an accident due to their breaking of the law, they get seriously injured or killed. When a driver breaks the law and gets into an accident, there's usually just some damage to their car, which they have insurance specifically to fix, and pay any potential medical bills from minor injuries. There's no bike insurance. The problem is that it creates a completely different mentality.
The big difference is that in any other software scenario, people are fully capable of adding anything they want to the software. If I want to add something to my Windows PC, if I can write it, I can do it. Period. I can write a program to completely implode my computer, if I really wanted to. And Microsoft won't do anything to stop me. I might get a couple of warning from the PC telling me it's a really bad idea to do what I'm about to do, but that's about it. If Microsoft later does it, then fine, but at least if they don't do it the same way I wanted or the same way I did it, I can overwrite their changes and go back to the way I wanted it in the first place.  This isn't the case with Apple. The f.lux developers attempted to get f.lux on iOS for quite some time, and practically pleaded with Apple to get it done...and Apple said, "Fuck off." Then, mysteriously, some time later, an iOS update just happens to have it? C'mon. They flat out deliberately made sure f.lux would never thrive because Apple wanted to implement it themselves so that core iOS looks better.  No one prevented you from adding a toaster into your Honda if you really wanted to. No one prevented me from doing anything to my Windows PC or Android Phone if I really wanted to. But Apple deliberately prevented f.lux from being on iOS so that they could take the idea for themselves. That is shady as hell.
&gt; Wait no. If it was, then you would have berated me with "deals" and told me the human eye can only see 30fps.  People at GameStop try to pull that shit?  Surprised they don't say 24fps, and then try to give the bullshit about how that's why movies are filmed like that and all that bullshit.
There was a thread about a year or so ago, where someone [claimed that they] had a tape of the original airing of the episode, and it had Nibbler's shadow on it.  I also believe that there were several interviews where the creators mentioned that they knew that Nibbler (or one of his race) would play some role in regards to Fry's freezing, but they didn't know what at the time. The whole Brain Sphere episode was planned much later, but the idea of Fry being frozen for a reason was supposedly planned from the beginning.
One of the sides of the tail cuts off. But it has some of the highest HP a tail can have, similar to Rajang's tail. You'll have to spend the entire fight focused on it, and I would recommend going after the tip to ensure it counts toward the tail cut.
You have to roll into the enemy to activate the Aerial Jump. Basically, the jump part of the roll is a literal first jump. If you hit an enemy or even another player, you'll jump up off of them into the air.
&gt; If we're going by Greed Mode, double Ragman in either the Basement or Caves ( I can't remember if they can spawn on the Basement) wins the bullshit award by far.   It's usually triple Ragman if you go after the Devil Deal in the Basement. I seem to get that way too much.
I guess you've never heard the story of the developers who made Game Dev Tycoon.  The game, when pirated, worked perfectly fine. Until you went to release your first game. Every game you release failed because of piracy. Pirating was the only way to get that reason for a failed release. So the developers knew exactly who had pirated when they started complaining on forums about how they could never successfully release a game.  For quite some time no one realized that this anti-piracy existed. It's absolutely hilarious.  Also the Serious Sam 3 Developers added an invincible Man-Scorpion enemy to the first level that was super fast and would just follow you around and kill you (it didn't appear until about half way through the level, when you get the Pistol).   Basically...smart developers go toe-to-toe with Internet pirates, and win enough that it's absolutely amazing.
One of the most interesting takes on the medieval type fantasy settings was in *The Wheel of Time*. Have you read it?  [MASSIVE Wheel of Time Spoilers](#b "It's shown that the world in that franchise is *after* a basically apocalyptic event in which vastly superior technological knowledge was lost and everything returned to the Dark Ages 3,000 years before the story begins. It's also alluded to that it's actually the future of our current world (with artifacts that resemble real-life objects, like a Mercedes car logo). Magic is discovered and everything gets exponentially better for a while. Then some magical people do some stupid shit and all hell breaks loose as a result. I like this take on the concept. Magic improves the world beyond what technology is capable of, until they take it too far and fuck up on a colossal scale.")
It's easier to make it seem like it's more widespread because it's very easy to broadcast about every single crime that ever happens.  Fifty years ago, if someone blew someone else's brains out in Istanbul, no one in the US would know, and it's likely they wouldn't even know what Istanbul was. Today, if someone shoots someone else's toe off in Istanbul, it's on the News as the greatest act of violence in the last fifteen minutes and the media makes sure you know that that poor stupid son of a bitch got his toe shot off.
Why would Jon and Sansa fight for the Iron Throne? This is the first time I've heard this theory and with the information I've seen I don't understand the basis of it. Jon's goal is to defend the north from the White Walkers he knows are coming. Sansa's goal is to retake Winterfell and slaughter the Boltons who raped her and did all kinds of other horrible things to her. Neither have an objective of the Iron Throne right now, and neither have.  Sansa may want to get revenge against the Lannisters, but I don't see her aiming for the Iron Throne. She may be like Arya and have a list of people she wants dead, but she'll go Littlefinger mode and fuck them backhandedly, but even after that I *still* don't see her trying to take the throne for herself.
To be fair, Nera gets married to her childhood friend or whoever (I forget the guy's name or background) if you marry Bianca, while Bianca dies old and alone at her father's farm if you marry Nera.
&gt; and he gets the girl?  He doesn't, that's the point. She was looking for sex, and basically that's it. She specifically mentions how she only went with him because he wasn't complicated (IE: He knew it was just for sex and not a relationship).  Also, if I remember correctly, they stop it in the same episode.
Or they just think it will do well because it's a spin off based on a *very* popular franchise (Minecraft).  Much how we most likely got DQH because it's a spin off based on Dynasty Warriors, which similar spin offs have gotten pretty good success with recently (like the Zelda one).  We haven't gotten a DQ game that plays like DQ in quite some time, and there hasn't been a short supply of them.
You might be able to get it on Hulu the day after it airs on TV, but I don't know if SyFy has a deal with them for that. That's how I keep up to date on other shows like The Flash and Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
After freezing you just enough so you can watch them do it.
Even Tom looked mortified when he left that room later.
Tom definitely had a, "Oh my fucking god what just happened," look on his face after they did the deed.
And now everyone except the minor roles are typecasted to hell and back with their GoT roles. Not necessarily a bad thing but it has hurt actors in the past.
Arya + Nymeria is a pretty big one for book readers because she's warging into Nymeria during her sleep in the books. For the show, Nymeria hasn't even been mentioned in five seasons except in very small tidbits that aren't important.
1 introduces a lot of the characters you see in 2, and it makes 2 more meaningful when certain characters appear because of this. It's especially interesting to see certain characters that were your ally in 1 as enemies in 2. Story wise, 2 is very much a sequel to 1, and while it's not necessary to have played 1, it dramatically improves the story if you have. 1 does a lot of universe building that 2 pretty much assumes you already know, like what the deal is with True Runes and such.  That being said, gameplay wise 1 has basically nothing new. A lot of the systems are less refined. If I remember correctly, Suikoden 1 was a launch release for the PSX, and it shows. Suikoden 2 was released much later and has much more polish.  I will admit that some of the stuff after Luca is slow, but that's the point. The game is about a war and that war is basically on a hiatus while both sides recover from the ordeal that was Luca Blight's reign of terror.  The biggest problem in the game has to do with getting to and from Gregminster, which is the last area you visit before the battle with Luca. The forest path to Gregminster is long and tedious, and if I remember correctly you can't use any items to exit it easily. Unfortunately if you're going for 100% you'll go through this area way too many times, which can be boring when you're not even interested in the encounters because they stopped being difficult a while ago.
Actually, it doesn't matter. You've downloaded the picture just by going to the page. 2 years.
I still don't understand how this is considered by anyone to be counting.   &gt; You can use it, but if you get it to use, you're going to jail.  So....I can't use it?  &gt; No, no, you can use it. You just can't have it.  How can I use it if I can't have it?  &gt; You can't.
He can only change something that he has already changed. It's something that's already happened, he just hasn't done it yet.  This means that he can't revive Robb. But things that have already happened he could have caused. He caused Hodor's seizure, but he didn't do it because he knew it was going to happen. He can't go, "I hate that my dad is dead!" and change the past, unless he was already going to do that, which he didn't so he won't.  It's a closed loop time travel scenario, which can be pretty confusing, but ultimately everything we've seen has already happened and cannot be changed, even by Bran.
"Justic---ARGH!"
Yeah, "dps" and "wipe" are typically MMORPG terms (Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game). Starcraft is an RTS (Real Time Strategy).  DPS stands for Damage Per Second, typically important when trying to take out a boss or determining how good damage dealers are doing.  Wipe stands for basically everyone died and you had to start over. If you wipe in Starcraft, you lost the match and there's no trying again because you're going to get wrecked by the enemy's forces if you haven't already.
The Phoenix Force has always been its own tier of OP.
Not only that, but isn't one of Cersei's crimes incest? Wouldn't her being convicted of that confirm the "Cersei's kids are not Baratheon"? This would immediately dethrone Tommen.  Tommen is literally nothing but a puppet being used by everyone else. He has no mind of his own at this point.
Arya's training only included the blindness because it was punishment for her disobedience.
For $2 billion, you can turn around and remake it...or work on the probably 6 billion other ideas you have. If you made the Rift, I guarantee you have other concepts you can't work on because of a lack of time and money. Neither of those things would be an issue anymore.
Unfortunately not much other than what /u/kaminzy posted, Legend of Grimrock 2 and Etrian Odyssey. Outside of that, older games are very common to have these kinds of mechanics (but more because they don't have a map at all). If I remember correctly, Ultima 7 and 8 are big ones for that, but it's been so long since I've played them I could be completely misremembering. It's unfortunately something you just don't see in recent titles.
So how is Peter Pan a children's story?
Yeah, that's why I put "alt text" in quotes. It's technically title text, because it's set with the title attribute on the img tag, but they were referring to it as alt text.
