From Newmarket to Streatham, I would get on the M25, cross at Dartford, carry on clockwise, and then go up from the South, completely missing out the centre of London
Chances are though, that if the Dartford crossing has heavy traffic, then it would be  a time of day when central London would be even worse ... the only time the M25 would be worse is if there were roadworks or closed lanes, but you can check for that before making the commitment
I have removed this because it is not counting, it is listing
Blyth Spartans ... this year they were the lowest ranked team left in the FA Cup when it got to the third round, and they put up a good fight, their fans could be proud of them
387,685
You don't seem to be very familiar with the history of West Ham fans - they have even been racist towards their own players  ...  racism is found all over the country, and wherever there is racism in the same place as football, there will be racist football fans, and it's not helpful to deny it instead of acknowledging the problem
What was what?
There is a lot more to the award than simply figuring out who is the most ''courageous'' athlete ... the award is a symbol of social approval, and an opportunity to bring attention to any social agenda which they are promoting, so they tend to award it to people who have demonstrated behaviours which the award-givers are promoting.
different culture
It looks like you have been shadowbanned by the admins, so all your posts automatically go into the spam filter ... you might like to contact the admins and ask them to investigate why you were shadowbanned.
\*gasp\* is that *THE* Rick Sparks, world famous stand up comedian and part time internet hate-stalker? I'm overwhelmed with your flattery
I have removed this submission because it is not counting
It looks like a Juventus fan has a girlfriend who is expecting to give birth any time from now, and he is worried he might miss the match
I'm watching the parallel competition going on here: Who will win the contest to get the top Match Thread! Contenders are off at a good pace, jostling for position as they come to the first bend
They were even born in perfect formation
Yeah I just tried checking results and it's down at the moment ... winning numbers are 5, 8, 10, 11, 37 (stars 7, 9) raffle LZD367111
It could work, or maybe just sitting there looking dejected with a red and sweaty face
Salvation Army do a lot of good work, providing food and shelter for those who are mentally unable to organise government welfare assistance for themselves
They were only fit and strong due to regular physical exercise, and the male's average height was less than 170cm ... how tall are you?
It's probably not obvious when you are actually standing on the pitch - you have to see it from distance - so they probably wouldn't have noticed
[Manchester Kitty](http://orig08.deviantart.net/336d/f/2009/086/e/7/hello_kitty___man_utd_badge_by_housewave.png)
Except that transgender people generally have brains which are more typical of their own biological sex, by most measurements
Unless he scores in the 90th minute
A bigot is 'a person who holds a fixed opinion and is intolerant of other opinions' - therefore it is quite possible for a person to hold racist and sexist views while being tolerant of those who do not agree with them.  Being racist and sexist is not, in itself, the definition of bigotry.
A person's userpage doesn't show their subreddits which are private or banned
406,427
You're on the watchlist now
They sell far more than just groceries, if you go to a big one
Some of them do
S
We did it in 1982 ... all you need now is a time machine haha
This is a rather convoluted way of asking which is the best team of 12 year olds
Thanks for reporting it, folks, the bot has now been ejected from the premesis :)
Yes, you only pay if you own a TV receiver.
T
How did it come about that there is a rift in the Watford supporting on reddit?
It was an invitation to tell us what you are celebrating, but you took it literally, so I'll try again: For those of us who don't follow American politics, what are you celebrating?
Thank you for the info :)
Hang on, I thought they made it legal in the UK ages ago?
Yes, I got that already, but never mind, I won't ask what exactly you are talking about any more, a couple of others have explained it to me
It's looking good so far - I particularly like the central water area with trees all around ... you will probably find that the areas will naturally start to blend when you fill them in with rides and scenery ... you could make the shape of the red-rock area on the right a bit more blended by extending the left side of it into a curve which goes into the gap behind the hut - it's a bit square at the moment while the other areas are nicely curved
So do you think there will be any negative consequences for your current lack in your religious practices?
And what do you think happens to non-muslims who try to be good people - do they also get to heaven?
S
Have you managed to catch any part of the lyrics? Even a few words could be useful
There's not one answer which fits that general situation - it depends on many things, such as the relationship between the child and the grandmother - would the child be devastated to come home to find they missed the funeral of a beloved grandparent, or would they be grumpy at being dragged away from camp to attend the funeral of someone they hardly knew?
This season we have [a rather gorgeous deep red kit](http://fantasy.premierleague.com/entry/23722/history/)
That was fantastic, thank you!
And it's Hi Ho Sheffield Wednesday at 29 minutes
Your streams have been fantastic today, thank you :)
