He had two pro bowl years in Denver.
Barwin, Matthews, Cox, Peters are some names I'm thinking about right now.
They are basically pet dairy goats, they aren't being raised for meat.
iPhone 5s.
Don't sleep on Hollywood Huff either.
Meanwhile, Jason Peters, better player...is in the building for voluntary workouts.
So did Mathis!
According to some website, not NFL general managers.  And again, at an easily replaceable position and old.
Over two years.
Heh, I would love to see an explanation like this article did for Philly of why Ocean City water tastes like it does.  For a place without booze, you would think they would make the water taste good at least.
Bookmark it CC, you know they will be eating these words pretty soon.
The Father, Mother, Warrior, Maiden, Smith, Crone, and Stranger.
To quote Alexander H. Stephens, Vice President of the Confederate States of America: "Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition."
Yup, as I said I'm gonna keep my eye out for neat stuff.
Yeah. It works great paired with the MacFarlane shows because, as much as I love them, there isn't a lot of heart there. The contrast really highlights what BB does so right.
[Routine medical emergency.](http://www.independent.co.uk/travel/news-and-advice/kuwaitbound-plane-diverts-to-uk-after-declaring-state-of-emergency-10349688.html)  "A spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said: "It was a routine diversion for a medical emergency."  It had been due to land in Kuwait City at 9.25pm (BST) tonight.  The ill passenger was taken off the plane and is being treated, a spokesperson for Heathrow Airport said. The flight is expected to continue its journey later today."
We can find creative ways to make punters suffer without touching them.  Ask Matt Dodge.
Nasty Nate!
Make yourself a whiskey sour before you start!
Forgot a period there, sport.
Go watch the Sixers, bro.
At the same time, they got Murray in to convert a short yardage situation.  Maybe a little message to Chip too.
and left so many yards on the field with that drop.  That one has to sting him.
Rhodes and Kelly were not shit hires either.  They both had very promising starts and brought a lot of good things to the table.    Rhodes left the team with the foundation of defensive talent Jim Johnson built into a masterpiece.  Rhodes was an excellent defensive coach, he just didn't quite have what it took to be successful as a head coach.    Kelly was a few key fatal mistakes away from having some sustained success here.  His NFL future is pretty bright.    I don't think Lurie is some great model gold standard owner, but he cares and is decently competent.  Things can be much worse than this.  The Eagles ownership history before Lurie sure speaks to that.
Either way.
http://articles.philly.com/2009-12-23/sports/24988671_1_jeffrey-lurie-brian-dawkins-eagles
Okay baby, night night.  Have a good nap.
Lullaby and goodnight, thy mother's delight
Bright angels beside my darling abide
They will guard thee at rest, thou shalt wake on my breast
With lilies o'er spread is baby's wee bed
Lullaby and goodnight, thy mother's delight
They will guard thee at rest, thou shalt wake on my breast
"He took the balls into the bathroom after inspection and called himself the deflator for totally innocent reasons, really guise!"
"He took the balls into the bathroom after inspection and called himself the deflator for totally innocent reasons, really guise!"
&gt;You should work on coming up with better disses, by the way.  ROFL.  This sub is like elementary school.  &gt;This lecture concerns the physical evidence used in the Deflategate case.  There are multiple different scientific opinions on the physical evidence.  But the physical evidence is not the only evidence.  The deflator himself called himself the deflator.  He locked himself in a bathroom with the balls.  The league very reasonably concluded a combination of the physical evidence and these and other facts established that the cheating had happened.
You have 40 minutes to go, try singing along!
Nope. Some experts say it does line up, some say it doesn't.  We have to look at the other, completely damning, evidence.
Here, try this one next!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVDgVe1yGOg
Let me know when you are ready to pay!
https://twitter.com/howardeskin/status/685288629879607296  Philly.com  story reported Jon Gruden had interest in becoming #Eagles HC. Got response from Gruden 2night. "I'm not interested"
I think this one is staying up?  http://www.metafilter.com/156156/Cologne-Police-Chief-Forced-to-Resign
There isn't really any choice now.
Cooper yeah, Huff would be fine to keep as a special teamer and 4th WR for now but he can't be getting too many snaps.
Three NFL Championships.
Don't Coughlin's players generally like him?  The reported issues with Chip weren't exactly being strict, it was being unapproachable and treating players like game pieces instead of men.  I don't think Coughlin has that problem.
If you go to the top right of the page there is a menu and one of the options is "edit flair".  Click on that.
Yes, much like the Dallas achievements, they occurred a long time ago.
Lurie.
Meanwhile the entire league is lining up to bring in Chip as soon as possible.  We clearly fucked up.
