I'm very familiar with sarcasm. That wasn't sarcasm, it was somebody who was incredibly wrong. Just stop.
Ah, okay. Yeah, big difference. I took a look on angel list, they've got some solid people on board, and I'm sure they're going to get millions in angel funding before they ever really get started. Even then, they may never take off.  OP is not in the same category. I also guarantee that their very first step was to pay a very large retainer to a reputable law firm.
What does your contract say that makes you think they're in the wrong here?
Yeah, this is the sort of thing that will draw DEA attention even in Colorado.
You need a lawyer in Nevada. It's really not optional for something like this.
You may not qualify for a PD, but you can try. Call the local PD's office and ask about qualifications.
They only get one. After that, he'll have to serve as a slave on board a pirate ship.
Call the cops. There's no way this is legit.
Give 'em a call. They'll usually let you reschedule a couple of times. It's perfectly reasonable if you're going on vacation.
I heard you the first time.
Mostly whisky, cigarettes, and little patience.
Oh, be sure to let us know.
To add to /u/grasshoppa1's good advice: there's no legal way to force them to take this down. What they're reporting is accurate, and it's an annoying symptom of living in the 21st Century.
You're asking if you can give power of attorney to an inanimate object?
Cheerleaders are doing roids now? Damn how times have changed.   Those donations help fund the school's endowment. It makes it easier and more affordable for people to go to the school. if you got any aid or scholarships from the school, it's good to pay some in when you're able to.
Keep in mind we're only a couple years out from a new president. It wouldn't take much for the new guy to direct the DOJ to start going after these guys.
Make sure she knows not to send any money. This is a very very common scam, unfortunately.
That's nice.
What did they claim?
Aww, you made a friend!
&gt; but this is something that is definitely not legal.  How do you figure?
Sounds about right.   &gt;any advice on what to do from here is appreciated  You can:  * Pay the money  * Don't pay the money and get evicted  * Negotiate a lower amount.  The last one is not a realistic option.
Yup. There's no reason for them to accept a lower amount. This is probably their standard fine for this kind of thing.  If you don't pay it, they can ding your credit report. Having an unpaid fine from a landlord on your credit report will make finding a new place to live much harder. Definitely worth paying.
Or the manufacturer's machine ran out of thread and they swapped out the wrong color. Or it's built on an assembly line and the person doing the lace used the wrong thread.
&gt;Is there anything else I should know  Yes. Avocados have more potassium than bananas and can help lower your cholesterol.
&gt;BBB  I covered that by saying she could leave bad reviews. The BBB is just a non-profit with no real power. To top it off, their usual goal is to help create a resolution. The resolution in this case would be a full refund, and that's already happened?  &gt;FTC  Really? The Federal Trade Commission? For a poorly made dress? At the very most this could be some sort of false advertising, and I'm not thinking that's provable.   Can she complain? Sure. Will that do anything for her? No.   &gt;Help support her complaint  Assuming she ever gets in touch with the manufacturer, they will say it's the store. The store, in turn, has already said it's the manufacturer. OP and her mom have no way of proving it's either, and they now have conflicting testimony. How does this help her?  She needs to leave her bad reviews and go find a new dress in a different store.
They didn't ask if you'd been charged? Really? Are you sure?
Generally you want someone who practices in the court you'll be tried in. That's the county you were arrested in. However, it's likely that an attorney in your county will have experience in the neighboring county. Assuming it's all in the same state, you can probably safely choose whichever you like best.
I know the case, but it hasn't stopped people from being charged for photoshop child porn since then. See my response above.
So, I think it's important to clear this up here: *you* don't file charges. Your role in this is to talk to the police and cooperate in their investigation. They will then pass it along to the district attorney. *He* will press charges. You do not need a lawyer to do this, and you don't get to decide what the charges will be, or whether charges get brought.   Does that make sense?
That's what I've been told too. Arguing about the validity of the delusions isn't helpful.
Shockingly, theft is considered illegal.
Did you commit any crimes that will come up in the course of questioning? For example, did he cut you because you cheated him on a drug deal or something?
Depending on the exact content of the call, it could be harassment, threats, any number of things. One call (if it's bad enough) can absolutely be sufficient for a harassment charge. However, OP will know better. I'm not his attorney.
There's probably an argument to be made that it would be aiding fraud even if it was a private employer. Similar to how it's fraud if you lie on your resume.  He's not as likely to get charged in that scenario, but it might be possible.
I understand your frustration, but it depends: were there onions on your burger?
Depends on all sorts of things, including the location. She can call the PD's office and ask about qualifications.
They have until the statute of limitations is up to bring charges. That looks to be at least three years.
You should contact your attorney if you have further questions.
Federally at least, no. I'm sure there's somewhere with such a restriction, simply because there are 50 states and hundreds of cities out there.
They could. They might just mail you the ticket.
Right, but this isn't a camera ticket.
Depends. It may be a frequent enough thing in the are for them to be annoyed. It was enough to piss off the bartender, so who knows.  Also: not all mailed traffic tickets are camera tickets. I've seen people cited for various thing from witness testimony. The most common we see here comes from school bus drivers.
&gt;Find the PD and look online.  What do you mean by this?
Got it. Just sounded odd.
Just saw that. I still have no idea what he was trying to do.
Way to key in on the biggest issue there.
Nah, you're correct as usual. It was just funny to see "call animal control" as the first thing on the "somebody is trying to kill me" thread.
To be fair, the 21st explicitly repealed the 18th.
Really, each of the post-B.O.R. amendments overwrote either judicial interpretation or the direct wording of a previous portion of the constitution.
