pretty long, if NKorea needs resources, they will threaten the entire world and the world will give him resources again. Also, lets not forget China and Russia are still an allies of North Korea.
What are your custom tactics you use? And what instructions do you give your players?
do the skill game, it really helps :) just retry everytime you fail or dont perfect it, you will get the hang of it
I dont think the chemistry card is an issue, when you play him on a different position he often has different instruction, just put him back first and see if he plays normally again.
Was just about to post this lol
I laughed, hard
Leno
not really I've read it many times here lol
that's his phone
not on the first touch but if there's a guy trying to get it from you, you will shield it during the first touch
Another injury
Can anyone tell me when I should buy Ramos, Boateng, Modric, Neuer and Alaba?
I wonder how the fat man feels now that Rooney has scored
LVG - Liverpool 4-0
Japan havent apologized for comfort women.
they havent apologized to specific countries, like the Netherlands, we're still waiting for an apology.
still would be filled with contracts and no TOTY player hahaha
Wesley Snipes?
4312 with Ronaldo and Neymar as LF and LF haha
True, it was the same in FIFA 15 :) Only Ronaldo and Messi are worth investing in if you have that possibility.
You're goddamn right
exactly, they simply dont care
dude, FUT uses it's own settings, it's not the same as offline playing. It's also been that way in FIFA 15. You've had more than a year to find that out and you still haven't accomplished that. Sad really.
Tancredi Palmeri, working for La Gazzetta dello Sport and beIN Sport says it's becoming more likely that Neymar will go to Manchester United.
yeah true she 100% did her face, but her chest bounces really naturally. But she has money so maybe she found a wonder doctor
lol what, the current parties in the government are leftist parties. CDA and D66 are leftist. They both form a party with the VVD in the European parlement. And they all follow the wishes of the EU. How can you deny that? Also for some motions made, it required the help of GroenLinks.
hahahaha this always cracks me up
so whats the difference really? it stops rolling earlier?
lol what, how is it his fault everyone gets injured?
Exactly, LVG tactics was always depended of having good full backs
how?
Couldn't agree more
EAids at it's best
lol'd hard
hahahahaha
Shouldn't we have the woman from Dorne in here?
he knew he would lose though
It's the same really, only you need to charge your shot and the hitboxes are different. But the same sense of aiming and reaction applies.
thanks mate!!!
Was guessing it meant Public Unranked Game
Wijnaldum?
where?
awesome, please reply to me so I can see the inbox pop up
What about all the other ulti's like Reaper, D.Va and so on
I seriously doubt it because they didnt have to do that when they switched from last gen to current gen. They are both EA engines so I wouldn't be surprised if they could easily port it.
exactly
I implied a player of Zlatan's caliber. It's because Zlatan and LVG have a history together at Ajax.
http://www.youredm.com/2016/06/08/watch-steve-aoki-stream-overwatch-live-twitch/  Coincidentally, Aoki was playing Lucio haha
because their ranks will seperate them
hahahahahaha fuck off, it's the same
