Not so much.   People carry money all over their body, it's only the giant wallet in back right pocket people think as the "you can see it"... Plenty of people don't carry money there.     The TV interpretation of "sorry I bumped into you" is just that, from TV
You can just "drop" them, so you only carry what you want..
Seven Riffle shuffles is the exact amount needed to perfectly randomize a deck of cards.
...it's pretty well known Noriega worked with/for the CIA, not the DIA.
Passed other bills, extended/expanded on existing bills.
Dude, it's not just a pocket knife; it's THE pocket knife.     You would be amazed how often they come in handy on a daily basis.
Allowing Kanye to hold a microphone
"You're doing well, superman does good"-Tracy Morgan (Jordan)
Always cut the cards.
http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/39bpam/removing_harassing_subreddits/     I wish I didn't even know
Put up some pictures.  Try the website 52plusjokers.com    Any particular era?    Brand, location?
We know his guy is from the mid-west for 2 reasons: it's in his user name and he said "pop" instead of "soda"...  Ohio?
You know what he meant.     Chill out operator.
Awesome, thanks
What's your vector, Victor?
Of course.   They don't care at all about your shit party...a person was pistol whipped!
I'm not sure how this relates to my comment. Am I missing something? Did the joke go right over my head?
Yep.
Ahh yes, forgot about him.     Thanks
...rekt
What would you suggest?  (I haven't done anything to it)
Same with fool in the rain
Call and make a reservation. It's in Hollywood.
George Forman did this also, even the girls...
I hope that person survived.  I would assume this is a different type of skydiving then what Mr. Reynolds is talking about.   What is seen here is a static line jump, where as soon as you exit the airplane your chute (hopefully) opens.    There is no freefall in this type of jump.
Didn't USA air this version back in the 90's?
Not the first true crime doc....ever seen "the thin blue line"?
I'm sure there are rules for this-decorum and all that shit-but Bill gets to be called "Mr. President"
That's the California hotel..
So....the hand is quicker than the eye...?
Chips? Dips?      Chains? Whips?
Boy, I wonder where he learned that way of speaking...
Dude flipped a switch pretty quick.   Went from "to much bullshit" to "ASSKICKING savage" in .3 seconds.
Thx
Wow. That's very interesting, thanks for telling me something I never knew about cards. I love this type of stuff, thanks again
When you say "lit his ass up", do you mean he would get beat up like with fists or everybody would use their guns on him?
Is seen all the scenes, and I thought the edit was odd in a few places....  For instance, in 2-Anthony's party, party ends guests leave then it cuts to fabrizio being killed and Neri going to Vegas? Then it cuts right back to the attempted hit on mike?
Ahh, thanks.     I thought it was more for modifying the mag itself.   I know people do some interesting things out here...
Does he appear to know what he's doing? I don't know anything about drumming, and it seems like you might.
Let's jump to conclusions.         It's not a thermal camera.   He video tapes the front of his house on. An obviously busy street.
Nice.  I'll just steal one at the prison
Where do you download the update?    How can you find out if your system is on the current operating system?
Thanks
Just watched a doc about the making of the next generation, the casting, ship etc.    lots of stuff from Delance and his thoughts on Q.
Is there a simple explanation to all this?   In the past days there have been videos about these guys and from these guys all o er the front page.     I know it involves money and....copyright?
Do you mean getting banned? I guess it is
Ditto.   The dailies have also been doing this on and off for several days...
Jessie Jackson
"Soldiers, Sailors and Airmen of the Allied Expeditionary Forces:  You are about to embark upon the Great Crusade, toward which we have striven these many months. The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. In company with our brave Allies and brothers-in-arms on other Fronts you will bring about the destruction of the German war machine, the elimination of Nazi tyranny over oppressed peoples of Europe, and security for ourselves in a free world.  Your task will not be an easy one. Your enemy is well trained, well equipped and battle-hardened. He will fight savagely.  But this is the year 1944. Much has happened since the Nazi triumphs of 1940-41. The United Nations have inflicted upon the Germans great defeats, in open battle, man-to-man. Our air offensive has seriously reduced their strength in the air and their capacity to wage war on the ground. Our Home Fronts have given us an overwhelming superiority in weapons and munitions of war, and placed at our disposal great reserves of trained fighting men. The tide has turned. The free men of the world are marching together to victory.  I have full confidence in your courage, devotion to duty, and skill in battle. We will accept nothing less than full victory.  Good Luck! And let us all beseech the blessing of Almighty God upon this great and noble undertaking."   Eisenhower had this printed and given out to every person in the invasion.
This was in some ask Reddit thread a few weeks ago     More combinations in a deck of cards than stars in the sky..
