Signs are op yo
No a glitch
Dank memes can't cause a particle accelerator to explode
I guess Geralt did get his armor lined with velvet
Good luck because literally all of the people he can fuck in Witcher 3 are all infertile. Well unless you count the whores at the Brothel
Yeah but Yennefer is infertile and so is Triss. Maybe Keira wasn't
[Spoiler](/s "You killed Her? Whelp there goes the cure for the Bubonic Plague")
Maybe i misunderstood it and it really was a timeloop
Gotta find a good decker chummer
It originated on 4chan due to attention seekers saying they are women
Hmmm... Footprints in the Snow non-human. Smells musty
Speed force
http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20141219011649/creepypasta/images/8/8a/Keep-calm-and-all-will-be-well-7.png
The flash looked at the speed of the hard drive and sighed.
/r/tuckedintitties has been a community for a day.   Wot
FYI: Otusaio the Singularity and the paradox eddie created could cause this whole scenario to go out the window. Perhaps Stag will still be alive if the paradox is resolved in some fashion where history gets slightly rewritten
Guess they still won't use motion capture over at bethesda   Edit: Motion Capture is used for lifelike animation. Actors get put in a suit and walk around recording the way their bodies move this creates high quality animation that is extremely lifelike
I heard Todd Howard hired a animation school dropout because he was a friend
A lot of Triple A studios have their own Motion Capture studios built. The cost of mocap actors I really doubt is that high.
Refresh the page and look at my post now.  Oh whatever i'll just copy and paste what I put in it 5 minutes ago  Edit: Motion Capture is used for lifelike animation. Actors get put in a suit and walk around recording the way their bodies move this creates high quality animation that is extremely lifelike
BAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH   New Vegas wasn't made by Bethesda bro.  Fallout 3 has  the war over a water purifier everyone wanted to turn on. The water purifier itself being in a river where radiation would get swept downstream into the ocean. It is actually stated by a character ingame that the purifier will somehow purify the water upstream not just downstream of it eventually.   Also its set 200 years after the war but there are barely any settlements save for Megaton and somehow all the old buildings in Washington DC are still standing 200 years later which considering no one was maintaining them and nuclear bombs had gone off all around its a miracle the place was still standing.
It turns out a LOT of people don't know about how games are made.
Boooooo
That wasn't because of the sediment.
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
https://youtu.be/00efdE5CD7A?t=6m10s  Just for you
People don't like witchers becase  A: Cult of Eternal Fire espouses humans only kill the elves and dwarves and lynch the wizards  B: Witchers have bad reputations for taking children as payment(Which is true)  C: Hurrr stealin all our gold for killing a monster they'd rather not pay  D: People believe they are emotionless killing machines. In reality the mutation makes Geralt unable to cry and he wish's he could cry. Witcher's gave higher lows in emotions(No depression for example) and lower highs(He wouldn't feel ecstatic joy maybe save for a few moments in his life)  E: They have cats eyes which shows they arn't human  F: Geralt is clearly different white hair with cats eyes. Remember in these times most people never traveled beyond 5 miles from their homestead in their entire lifestead  G: Not many witchers left so he is a bigger oddity
Oh the mutagens reform them they still need to eat
Now get subjected to a horribly painful process turning you into a monster hunter. Enjoy
&gt;Ignores the colored hood meepo
That son of a bitch bought filet mignon with your wallet ive seen it done before
Geralt likes to follow the witcher code which requires you take payment.
literally the first freaking book. Geralt was taken by vesemir as payment for I can't recall what it was but he invoked the law of surprise and took Geralt.
Mind sharing?
Wait... commlinks with sleaze and agents? Mother of all teamwork tests here i come
What resolution do you play at?
So why don't they sell these online? They look nice
Or a spy watch.  Or spy hair accessories.
What the fuck is going on with his face
In new 52 the speed force is actually limited and barry gets slower if there are more people connected to the speedforce
You want to know the best part? They weren't going to do a Technomancer book until some writers begged for it in the finalizing process of Data Trails.  Yep.  Technomancers really getting the shit end of the stick.
You want to know the best part? They weren't going to do a Technomancer book until some writers begged for it in the finalizing process of Data Trails. Yep. Technomancers really getting the shit end of the stick.
Thats why we send in the gorillas to eat the toads.
[Haha](http://i.imgur.com/y24NbEO.jpg)  [Laugh Included](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX7wtNOkuHo)
[Bought 10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX7wtNOkuHo)
&gt;Only 12gb of ram
You didnt show up to the detentions right?
See you start asking questions and suddenly your in deep shit.
Most buildings have open windows
The joke was "only" 12gb of ram like he only had 4gb rather than 12
