that engine never fails to make my head turn
the flame front travels slower. In a sense diesel burns while gasoline explodes, so when you increase the RPM on a diesel engine, the pistons start to move faster than the flame can travel which creates wonky pressures during the power and exhaust stroke while sending a ton of energy straight out of the exhaust (even more than usual)
As far as I know those batteries can pretty much report whatever capacity they wish, a reported 3000mah doesn't actually mean that the battery is as good as the stock one
Did you know that the visors on full face helmets are required to be shatterproof? Now you know why!
here [ftfy](http://i.imgur.com/KO6uBeh.jpg)
Plus that you'd normally get off on the left side, so to GTFO on the right side is extra hard
I would've gotten as far as "what the f-" before her rear fender brings me back to reality with a thud
Ysmildr is always 100% alert
It's a sanitation problem if you accidentally mix your meats and then just ship it
remember Destruction Derby?
dedicated servers will be coming with the next patch apparently
wasn't it rossi who once said that he doesn't know either, just that it works?
Have you cleared the defaults for chrome?
boomsticks indeed go boom
&gt; with the exception of the beamer pistol  [beamer OP](http://gfycat.com/DefiniteHalfEeve) if you can handle it
license plate says OP is Dutch. It so happens to be that the biggest online gathering of Dutch riders is at motor-forum.nl
just gently shove that stick over there
that's a great photo, you don't often see photos of tight turns like that!
- full studs
&gt;  charge it if you want to  and when it's empty. Li-ion really doesn't like to be left in your backpack at 0% for weeks on end
thanks :)
staying in gear is slightly safer because you can get moving immediately (to dodge whatever is coming your way)  getting in neutral is will slightly increase the life of your clutch bearings as has already been explained, and it might give your left foot a rest if you've been in traffic and you're lazy  I'd say stay in first unless you don't feel like it
That's an air cooled single in the 200 to 400 cc range, nothing like the bikes you mentioned. I guess it could be the xt500 engine but I'm not sure
I dirty flashed 2.3 over 2.2 with 0 problems
:)
I can dig it
Well you would usually use a jig to fix things in place and cut them, yes, but that doesn't mean that you can't use jigs for something else
An extended battery is very different from a battery bank
Thank fuck for that
Switching to the home screen is noticeably faster, Relay for Reddit is noticeably slower. Otherwise things feel pretty much the same to me
*woosh*
how dare you ask questions?
So, I have a chromebox (but that's not important) running Kodi (that IS important) connected to my TV. When I want to play a youtube video on my TV, I look it up on my phone and share it to Kodi using my preferred Kodi remote Yatse, two taps and it's playing. What usecase if any would I have for a chromecast? I've seen the preachers and heard the gospel, but given that I already have an HTPC hooked up I wonder what good it'll do. I guess it does make it easier to do a slideshow of the pictures on your phone.
if you're on lollipop or marshmallow, yes. It was one of the big things of lollipop, and the whole point of having ART on kitkat was to test it before it became the default. Also, ART on kitkat contained just one of the many things that is in ART today, as such any and all discussions about dalvik and ART that were written before googles publications on ART in lollipop are completely invalid and you should immediately forget about them. In fact, forget about ART completely, because it's already the default and the only thing you'll notice compared to dalvik on kitkat is that installing apps takes a bit longer
I'm not your mate, buddy!
I'm not your guy, friend!
Alright, I'll try to remember to preemptively ban people so they can never post in this sub even though they never have or even had the intention to, and also add them to the sidebar  Or maybe I'll forget I don't know I'm not the police
yes, yes, but am I on the council that decides whether the burial grounds will remain or get cleared? Will I be the one who gets to send their remains to some godforsaken crypt or furnace?
I didn't see it in any text book as far as I can remember but the topic definitely came up
And almost no one has all their bitcoin in a single address, so the amount of people with any significant bitcoin holdings is far less than these numbers would suggest
In simple programs it's easy enough, but when you have decades of legacy code and years of data that you still need to reference, shit gets very complex very fast
600 USD just waiting to be claimed by a bitcoin network worth their salt
&gt; When I say proper consensus, I am talking about consensus among those educated in bitcoin development.  Only the true bitcoin developers are able to reach consensus, and who better to judge who the true developers are than the developers themselves? They're the most knowledgeable for sure, so whatever they decide is definitely the best for all of us. I fully expect the moderation teams of all bitcoin discussion forums to back the core development team in this issue, so as to better cleanse the air of any mention of these "alternative approaches". There can be only one!
so far I actually find the official marshmallow to be less efficient than cloudyg3 before it. But that could also be caused by settings, for example I have google now running because otherwise google on tap doesn't work. That alone might account for the slight difference
it looks like the failure mode is a closed valve, but apparently there's also talk of adjusting the spring rate of the valve spring pneumatically. If that mechanism fails at high RPM resulting in a insufficient spring rate, there could still be some unhappy bang bang noises as valve and piston finally get to touch base
2016-01-09  it's the only way
5th **"**community**"** guideline of /r/bitcoin:      Promotion of client software which attempts to alter the Bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus is not permitted.  That directly translates to "discussing bitcoin ideas that are different than mine is not permitted", because of how bitcoin nodes and mining power works each different client represents a different idea of what bitcoin is supposed to be. Ban the discussion of those clients and you ban the discussion of those ideas, which is EXACTLY what you have been doing.
15000kms is like maybe its 2nd oil change interval. Do you think an engine is used up after changing its oil once?
&gt; Or perhaps I'm misunderstanding you?  I'm talking of a failure where this kind of logic  &gt; 'until valve X has retreated to Y point, do not extend valve Z'  would be of no use, because the fault of valve Z does not affect valve X at all.  I'm sure that it's highly unlikely, but what I'm imagining is that the pneumatics that adjust the valve spring rate fail for a single valve, leaving the effective spring rate too low. I don't even know if that's possible or whether the valve spring rate is even being adjusted pneumatically. But if it is, and the valve is opened while the spring rate is too low for the current RPM, the valve will not be closed fast enough and the piston could impact it.
I thought the bachelor frog was universal
