I came here to talk about the Patriot but OP already mentioned it. there was just about nothing accurate on the movie. The main character doesnt even exist and is created from two real people. On top of this the climactic battle (i think Cowpens) wasnt even that important to the overall war...
Oh i forgot about the 13th warrior. its a movie about a middle eastern prince who goes to Scandinavia and ends up joining a group of vikings who go on a journey to liberate/save another group of Scandinavians. He cant speak their language but slowly learn it over months of listening. eventually he crafts his own sword and is accepted by the vikings and pretty much becomes one of them by them end.   Edit: fixed spelling
the crystal itself creates the power, it is held by a containment field in the saber i believe there is an actuater that activates the crystals energy, like light on a photograph type chemical reactions. i dont remember but i read somewhere about it, its just been years.
pretty much during that period. However during the conquest of christianity, especially spreading to english isles and such it was really just one of those "hey they worship something other than christ. Lets kill some of them, persecute the others and eventually theyll be scared and join us"  If you really look into how we got the current visuals of the Devil it is actually based on and very similar to a Celtic deity who was pretty much the personification of nature to the Celts.
tumblr
Captain Hook in the original story was trying to save the kids when they got too old because Peter Pan would kill them because they werent kids.
upvote because you beat me to it.
Yoda's birthday. he's been around for 800 years (by the prequels) he's been the head of the council for how man of those?
yeah in the original story Peter Pan was actually the bad guy. (the stories all had a twist or horror of some sort, like Cinderella had the two sister cutting their feet to fit the glass shoe) Captain Hook was just trying to save kids before they were killed.
1812 Overture, finale. Cannons galore. I considered Always Look on the Bright Side of Life, but that would be more leaving the battle   (sorry for no link cant post it atm)
Peter Pan is actually the bad guy. Captain Hook is just trying to save the kids Peter kidnapped, because when they get too old, Peter takes them into the forest and kills them.
if I read this 4 hours from now, that would be me.
i just made a similar comment.
Personal favorite my friend came up with:  I want you backing: Michael asks a girl to sing backup for him.
this is very common, as many southern roads are placed on old paths between farms and such, as infrastructure wasnt need for straight roads, as many farms were self sufficient for the most part.   I should also mention that Vehicles are prepped for cold weather in the north, school buses get special prep for super cold weather.
TLDR: video can be used if mentioned by anyone, or taken from a security camera  If the video were taken by, say a security camera on a neighbor's house, the Police can ask for that film, or even take that, and it WOULD hold up in court. Also, if any person were to mention a video during court proceedings, the court would ask for it, and at that point even if taken wrongly, would hold up because of a court mandate.
...ok... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"Harry Potter, the boy who lived, come to die" entire plot of the movie...
*A man chooses a slave obeys...*
whats the first name of the main dude from that Hamilton musical?
How many percussionist does it take to change a lightbulb?  1 to do and then repair and tune everything else while the rest dick around....
more as in going away from A=440, thats what i thought they mean, however im not sure.
Avengers Wars: A New Hope  Basically Civil War but in space, and maybe they will reconcile
I-75 north of Cinci has been under constant construction since the 70's... and still has hundreds of potholes
Having sheet music isn't considered unprofessional per say, many groups choose not to have sheet music in their looks. If you think about bands, many songs are either done by ear, and never written down, or are and are sometimes read in studio for recordings. Musicians use sheet music at times, but with what the crowd is shown, we dont see that.
Spartan IV's. the III's were basically just cannon fodder, in the books i think it was Jericho 3 they raided, there were something 500 of them, and barely any survived. Read Ghosts of Onyx(i think thats the one) That also explains how Frederick, Kelly and Linda survive all the stuff going on.
i was about to say the chair but you two already hit it pretty well
"What is your name?"  "I am Arthur, king of the Britons"  "What... is your quest?"   "To seek the Holy Grail"  "What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?"  "What do you mean? An African or a European swallow?"  "Huh? I... I don't know that... AUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGHHH!!" "How do you know so much about swallows?" "Well, you have to know such things when you're a king, you know."
Long...live...the...king
My starbucks is now made of chocolate chip cookies... eh could be worse
Anakin Skywalker in Forest Gump, see what Galactic events He unknowingly shapes.
any cake loving heathens that comment here better watch out
kill
him
have
Please become a speaker about situational awareness.
Whose food the cat or the wife?
Sorry m8
I know a lot of public school kids in America that are forced to use the foam balls in gym for football/soccer...
Go to a private school most places require skirts
Pretty much in Cinci, it isn't even an issue...
Take your damn upvote
You mean commander crunch...
It's just the Smith&amp;Wesson 500, no magnum
Yes, it was written specifically for Lion King
Kevin
It's been exploding around my area with FC Cincinnati
Like u/invertedearth said, a time signature is a way of counting time in a piece of music. Specifically 4/4 talks about the the number of beats (the number of times you count) over the basic note, the quarter note(think of 1/4).  So, in one measure(the basic unit of music), in 4/4 there would be 4 quarter notes in that measure, and you would count them as "1, 2, 3, 4". This is because there are four counts as shown in the numerator.
Greek fire was able to burn underwater supposedly and still kept most of its characteristics, also apparently it burned a blue-green
Actually, the US expected an assault in the Philippines because that was where the Japanese were conquering at the time. After the oil embargoes, Japan felt that war was necessary and that the US would expect an attack in the Philippines, so instead they attacked Pearl Harbor in an effort to put the US fleet out of action. This action thoroughly surprised the US.
