Saint is taller. That looks a lot like Hard
With the imports, NA lcs has a stronger lineup of mids than EU
Having one of the most veteran players in Froggen to help and Rick fucking Fox will be hugely helpful for him and Hard
Top 5 Korean mid
Zion preformed on Coast despite a bad team. Altec preformed on Winterfox despite a bad team. Gamsu was part of Dig being bad. Dunno why you're so upset over the fact that a player might not be that good
I'm on my phone but http://oracleselixir.com/statistics/na/na-lcs-2015-summer-regular-season-player-statistics/  I imagine you can get to spring from there too so you can look at both splits.   Click top laner and go to town. Thanks for being condescending though, mature way to carry a conversation
It's 2 years to be a resident right? So Ninja could not be considered a resident until Summer 2017 unless I'm mistaken
Fnatic made him a big offer so money isn't the motivation
I believe Baby changed his name to BIG,  going by his Twitter and the Echo Fox announcement
Both have sizeable fanbases
Riot will blur his face. The mystery will continue
NRG? GBM and Impact are world class, Altec potentially is as well also. If Moon and Konkwon can keep up then that's a really strong western team.
Sure, but Impact likely can communicate well enough as he's had to communicate in English for a year now. GBM won't have good english but Konkwon is fluent in both English and Korean and can easily translate. NRG will have vastly fewer communication issues than the Chinese teams did, and the team has strong players to build off of.
How is YS after money when Fnatic offered him more money than TSM did?
Any player: What player(s) are you most excited to go against?  Any of the coaching staff: What do you think will be the biggest hurdle to overcome to catch up to and become one of the top teams?
Any ideas for how they could buff Dragon? It seems like even with number tweaks only the 1st and 5th stack bonuses are important enough to fight over. Would you prefer they rework the stacks of 2-4?
When will GBM start streaming? He seems like he'd be a blast to watch
Sorry you have to experience that. Riot seems to be trying hard to fight it with their detection systems and the like, at some point all you can do is mute and report. If someone is impacting your enjoyment of the game then reduce your interaction with them as much as is feasible.
Nice editing and music! Thanks for sharing =)
Are you referring to your taskbar being on top of your game? The way i've found to fix that is to switch to fullscreen real fast and then back to borderless.
If you'd like to save some money just search for your book name + .pdf. You can usually find free ebook versions of your textbooks.
He was offered a job as a CLG analyst iirc.
This is the clip you're looking for I believe  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3qNH4zSndA
New players don't play with smurfs...
You're out of control
New League champion: Ronald McDonald
Thanks for your insightful contribution to the post
9pm est iirc
yes
I can neither confirm nor deny
Braum is so good against MF.
HE'S ONLY PLAYING ON SATURDAY MOST LIKELY. RF HAS TO GO AGAINST A MOTHER FUCKING WORLD CHAMPION
EVEN AGAINST CRIS RF WOULD GET BOOTY SPELUNKED SO HARD THAT RENEGADES WOULD BE THE FIRST TEAM WITH 2 FEMALE PLAYERS
NRG at least had an excuse with missing 2/5ths of their roster, one of which is part shotcaller (Impact). Dig though.... oh my
NRG had to play with 3/5ths of the Team Coast roster that made it in via the promotion tournament. They'll be able to play with Impact and Moon tomorrow.
What argument? I don't recall Riot ever bringing up viewership numbers as the reason for NA on weekends. If they did, can you link me?
And what time would you like NA to play on Thurs and Fri? They can't do the matches at 3PM PST, viewership would drop like a rock due to school and work. If they do it later than that they start to lose a large chunk of EU audience due to how late it'd be.
Archon and Empyre of NRG also said yesterday that working with Cris was great, that he's hard working and has a great attitude.
TSM has growing to do but I don't think Immortals is overhyped. Every analyst and scrim leak out there says that Immortals is really good. Huni + Reignover is just such a strong core for a team.
Worth mentioning too that Saint now has it in his contract that they can't sell the LCS spot unless Saint gives permission. I doubt strong Korean players like Police and Eve would join if Saint didn't assure them that they'd get to keep the spot.
He's on Saint's new team which chances are will make it in to the LCS. It has some really strong Korean players on it and Saint seems like a good coach.
It was in one of his streams, can't supply a source sorry. No idea which one it was and it'd be a nightmare to search for
It helps that Impact had more kills and farm than RF.
Holy SHIT Dardoch
Piglet, Dardoch, Matt and Lourlo trapped in the Fenix prison.
Your flair makes this comment even more funny.
By all accounts the manager has abandoned the team. Alex Gu supposedly went back to China and left the team high and dry. The translator had to pick up the pieces and is trying to run it now.
Ironically enough Alex Gu abandoned the team. The translator is having to try and run it now. TIP doesn't even have management at this point. It's the dried out husk of a team.
It's been run by a series of sketchy Chinese owners. I guess that's a curse of sorts
Not anymore, they changed it
