This game is just another ff7 spinoff undercover, just watch!!
the fact they have kept Omnishlash unreleased so far, should tell us they have large plans for him.   Omnishlash V5 from AC is also popular, so I wouldn't be surprised if he gets Omnishash 1 through 5 in different relics!!
lol it took them a crazy amount of time to get DR ready and ofc it was bugged as heck. And there's still a ton of unsolved bugs that they couldn't patch before releasing yet another bugged hero.
Dragoon's Determination is also a massive damage boost. So there's literally no reason to use it on this fight though
Alot of bugged characters, still not fixes for many of them
so are they patching tomorrow? or when do people think?
what is this repeat stage 2 thing? :O
100 gem got me... 5* Seed Uniform wtf! hahaha
good, I had no idea if I was picking Jessica or Sif
her other uni also has a bonus, with +7 sec to the skill so +4 more
Cap Marvel's uniforms got +Skill time for her new 6* skill, +7 for Carol Corps and +4 for Ms Marvel
It seems to be an issue with the Facebook link, if you go to the Future Fight APP PAGE on Facebook and click 'remove' (You can do it on your PC), the game will allow you to log in
Smart Racoon and her 6* don't play well with each other, aka they get replaced by each other
Only ~some~ U+ bosses. All U bosses are still weak to it. But it is a specific thing, ie: It's great for Beatrix but you could also team retaliate her  Drainga has its uses on some fights to help with healing while doing good damage, and it also hits the dark weakness for the very few fights that are weak to it.  Bioga helps with poison and is rarely resisted so it's another good option. Sadly I find that Blizzaja tends to be resisted more often than Waterja, and in face when things are weak to ice they tend to also be weak to water.
Spiderman 2099 is a different character, if they added Miles they could add Miguel too.  And people are throwing out ideas of Amadeus Cho for Iron Spider, so who knows!
Nice, in 14 days I can get Kingpin to 5 star and then with the 6* tix I could get him to 6*
FFT's banner is also packed, unlike these banners that either split the relics into different chars per banner or put new char's relic1 on 1st banner and relic2 on 2nd banner, Both of the FFT's chars get their x3 relics on ONE banner. So x6 character relics on one banner. And of course one of them is Scream. The others aren't bad either, such as a 40% Hp heal that also gives protect.  To be honest, I'm pretty much on the same boat as you. My ff9 synergy is lacking, and I have native wall. While I also have AoE heal, the relics in this banner are good and tempting.  BUT I will try my luck vs Beatrix and see how I fair without, if I at least manage to beat her then I won't pull.  The next FF9 Even has really good stuff too
Did you claim it from Inbox fist and then check consumable on inventory? if it isnt there and you lost crystals then definitely send a ticket to support
Just make it Knight 4 DeNa harharhar
How many reta uses? max reta on all?
higher chance to get speed bios from daily chest I'm guessing is what they are referring to
cause of Red Skull, and i guess the ~wound is fresh~ because of the recent captain america comic book.
you can do more than one x11 pull on this banner?
Buy a "rare chance to collect" they mean buy them? :(
sarcasm + question mark + Unhappy face
no, they already said there won't be one
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo :(
Or y'know, it might just be The Defenders as he mentions :P  Cap Britain is also part of Mighty Defenders, which includes Rescue, Spiderman (both other versions) but most importantly, Shehulk and White Tiger. Both who are very likely to join the game.  But with the Sinister Six basically confirmed, the defenders might join as well
you cant even buy the TUs if you already had them (Iron Man), so you could buy the new Cap one (its different from box one). And sacrifice it for a token, but not the Iron Man since it wont let you :(
well this is great news, right before i go to bed!
All 3 are solid choices, currently Ghost Rider is probably even stronger than Rogue given gearing and what not. He is also a lot of fun with his AoE builds.  Rogue is also a blast to play since you can build her in many many ways, you might enjoy her more since you can literally build her up and dismantle and build her up a different way.   And Doom is great too, 3 solid builds and a very fun character too
Last I read he said he didn't voice Drax, but didn't say anything about Prof X
Have you guys seen the Lady Loki picture /u/rip_cpu made?  https://www.reddit.com/r/avengersacademygame/comments/4p0wdk/dear_tinyco_please_add_lady_loki_as_an_alternate/  Chances of getting her as a costume? ;)
Well he said he did voice Drax, just that it wasn't his voice being used for the game. He is Drax's voice on other games
One last question, would it be possible to let the characters walk through "buildings" like Avenger's Park? It just looks very odd to place it and have roads lead into it and then they just walk back or walk away since they can't "enter" without an action.  Also maybe sit on benches? Eat some Shawarma? Have a coffee? Pet Cosmo?
nop, still need 3 abilities with mainly power/wind :(
Spidergwen and Iron Jane!
Norman has been an Avenger ;)
well since its decor I'm sure they are just gonna say "Here you go a 2nd one, and this time its free" Since last time it cost shards for the boxes.  I mean there's so many spider tokens in there too that you shouldn't get if you already ranked him up to 5. But alas you can get them
dang missing 17 myhtril for another 50 :(
oh wow i didnt knew that :/ , spider ham's info even says "he doubles" the evidence... but 0 x 2 = 0
I don't. apparently people who dont have him cant even get evidence just yet. It seems like an already tight race to get all rewards from boxes with Spiderham, let alone without
decor only
So the octobots will be there for other buildings too? Wondering if its wondering investing in one of those premium things
No one knows yet. They say they are used for characters, plural, but there's images of different tokens for other characters. So we don't know at the moment.
really still no carnage? Made us get the bio pack and he is still not getting T2 =/ Yet Moonie and Diapers man gets it so soon!
yea there's several threads on this
sadly there's been stuff thats been used like that such as the ronan generators, crossbones safe, etc. :(
Thanks for the image. Sorry to be dense but:  Full Break + Power Breakdown + Heroic Harmony(mog) + Banishing Blade (Auron) + Tyro's BSB command, is a thing in terms of stacking?
The only hero i have seen to really make a use of it outside of pvp where you'll likely have Goat's Mask anyway, is Ranged Deadpool due to his own slot 5 unique that has a large chunk of dmg attached to vs Weakened and the unique being very good, plus his ranged hit not having a  well placed Weakened.  Don't know about Venom as he is a physical hero which means he has access to far better artifacts.   Plus Venom already has weaken on the almost mandatory Infect, which is very good.
