You already can upgrade the menagerie house and feeder
The elite Seers Village tasks upgrade Excalibur, but it isn't part of the Achievement Diary set. The set item for that area is the headband.
thank mr skeltal
He's in a room full of strangers...
Australia. And it's not ignoring people, it's about respecting their personal space.
Gandhi drank a lot of mountain dew
The picture of Dorian Grey is almost completely filled with these
Was that how he was? If so then the latter.
Fair, but God Osborne has said that skill reworks are slated for next year
You would have covered this on penis inspection day
Harder for an ordinary citizen, sure. But the British and Japanese empires both had a vested interest in good translators so it seems likely they helped each other out. Same thing applies to any major power really.
Australia's finest export
The plural of child is children. And honestly, poor gnome child is getting overused at this point.
Climbing around it in AC2 sure was a treat
Certainly wasn't expecting the abuse question.
But jedi have fought each other plenty of times in the canon (the true canon that is, not the Disney debacle)
He streams on Twitch. Doesn't show his bank though :(
Unfortunately Germany would scoff at the notion of weapon rights.
......?
A two way radio
That's not how it's said. You would say "a herb". A silent H is a French pronunciation, which makes no sense in English.
Someone you know well enough to chat with at the bar of Hong Kong airport at 3am
I....just....what? In what conceivable way would bananas be made from milk?
Douglas Murray, David Starkey and Milo Yiannopoulos.
I was expecting Deidara but that one actually gave a blowjob in the episode
I can't believe he didn't take a sin off for Thomas the tank engine
When will you address the huge criticisms of your Humans Need Not Apply and Americapox videos?
When the dog dies in the movie
Use news apps and websites then
Like 3 big spurts, 4 smaller ones and a few droplets. I'd guess maybe a couple of tablespoons worth?
Nobody ever played pull my finger with you?
Actually the crowbar snaps in two
Once every day or two
The south Park episode on this was perfect
Jesus, what caused this addiction epidemic?
Sex
Taken their punishment, made it up to those affected, and changed their ways.   Some actions are so bad that the first two can't be completed.
Then they aren't redeemed
Gollum too
Heels work because they change a woman's stance and accentuate the upper legs and arse
It works on the whole leg. The same thing would happen if you showed them barefoot with their foot on the ground and then on the ball of their foot
Hardline muslims - jihadists, islamists and their supporters   Progressives, feminists and the like
You know the anime community takes the piss out of these guys too right?
What are your thoughts on the ABC's reporting and bias generally? How can it be improved?
There's plenty of stories of a person becoming aromantic, although if they get aromanticism out of it it's a good experience
Did you try the websites of various designers?
Rip Scissorman
Like a water version of a Tyranid Carnifex
If the US plays defensively they force a stalemate, if they play aggressively they increase the likelihood of a loss.   Remember that with battles you have to capture and hold ground, not just cause damage. There's no way the US has enough military personnel to hold enough land to rule all other countries.
Remember that lions can and do climb on top of elephants
