McLaren P1 still looks the most bonkers in person out of the three hypercars
Bust out the Bud Light Limes!!!
The context of the post never said "I want a xc fork with only 100mm travel". They asked about plushness of CTD, which the only Fox fork atm that's plush is the 36. And I've had a 150mm 32, so much for being an xc only fork...
Clever quote, must have a hard time googling it.    The Revelation is a 32mm stanchion fork just like the Fox 32 the OP was asking about..and it even comes in Dual Air to adjust it down to XC spandex loving levels.  But go ahead and continue to be pissed that I mentioned a 36.  What about a Boxxer, that should be plush right?  LOL
Yo momma so fat that when she went swimming in the ocean, she came out with harpoons on her back
Samson is open, as is Big Cedar.
Rio Mambo in Arlington on Fridays, and Rio Mambo in Colleyville on Saturdays
Not looking good for Northshore, or any of the trails around Grapevine.  Last I heard, the lake is 20+ feet over and the water will slowly be released so as to not flood places downstream.
"Gotta walk that off. Caught me slippin'"
Sooo  they pretty much they play and behave like any regular men's national team LOL
LOL  that's for sure.
Ducts, air handler and everything else besides the fan and compressor are in the attic.
it's an all brick home.  What kind of contractor do I contact for proper attic venting?  I already had two radiant barrier guys come in recommending powered fans in the attic, but that's not the way I want to go and made me think that perhaps I should be talking to someone else.
Giggity giggity, allright!
Not yet, the the trail steward from FWMBA posted that latest rain we had flooded the sections by the river and the ground is still seeping in the upper sections. Once the seeping stops it should dry quickly with all this heat.
Since the last world cup, Chile sure are trying their best to be the douchiest team from south america.
And that would do what exactly?  I'm not talking about working minimum wage jobs, I'm talking about some of the biggest corporations in this country.
This may break the internet.
I'm sure there is a kilo of cocaine, a jet ski, and a bmx bike just out of the frame of the camera.
So what cargo got blown up during this or was it not carrying anything important?
Come on, sticky penis wheels!!
The new series should be called: POWER!!
How does Smith even know what happens at the top of the grid? LOL
It was never designed for that.
Come on, sticky penis wheels!
This is exciting.  there must be something there if even yamaha were playing with it.  Bring on the crazy wings!
New road on East 1st Street along with a new pedestrian bridge that will connect the paved trail across the river, among some other stuff.
But Rossi did get penalized, and Marquez has yet to be reigned in so this article doesn't really make sense.  If Rossi is that big a driver, he'd have his 10th championship or maybe even more.  Dorna is dominated by the Spanish, so it's highly dubious that they're catering only to Rossi.
Oh for sure, hence why the last race had no controversy.  I'm being sarcastic btw.  Dorna showed that they know which side the bread is buttered by how they handled what happened.
Buy tires on Tirerack and have them shipped to a NTB. Cheaper or at least the same price as Discount.
I wonder if it was pancreatic cancer
Railhead bbq. Fred's burgers. Chef Point is a kick-ass as well.
Just look how hard it is got get police officers prosecuted who have killed people while they were being detained.
so what was the MOTIVE for the murder of TH?  I don't remember this ever been mentioned in the trial by either the prosecution or defense.
Agreed that because of the infrastructure and the way it's laid out a growth of 1mil people is more drastic in a place like Austin.  Austin is slowly bloating by absorbing places around like Round Rock, Bee Caves, Buda, etc as people trot further out to find more affordable/less crowded places to live.
Maybe Kate del Castillo was the consultant for the narco storyline, seeing as she so buddy-buddy with El Chapo.
I hope the Rams remaining home games look like what the Oilers games looked like after they said they were moving to Tennessee.
Real Estate.
Regal in Fossil Creek and Cinemark in Alliance Town Center both have the updated reclining motorized seats that you can almost lay down in.
What about Kratz?  Is a predatory sex maniac ok to move in next door?
"Lisa, get away from that Jazz man!"  LOL
Orthopedic surgeon's dream come true.
Partly true but they don't have the exact same suspension kinematics and I'm sure the geometry while similar can't be the exact same.  I was hoping that people that work for a bike magazine reviewing bikes could come up with more insight than the same buzz words.
Aprilia factory contract then? I don't see Suzuki or Ducati signing him.
But they can change!   lol
Yet they don't accept Diners Club...
Well, if Honda would have kept their trap shut about having "absolute proof in the data" that Rossi kicked Marquez then no one would be asking about it.    Everyone involved handled this poorly last year, and they're not handling it so well now by continuing to bring it up.
It's CONNOR, and yes it was.
I freaking love watching reruns of The Wayans Brothers, you and Shawn have always been hilarious. Is Shawn ever going to make a cameo in one of your movies as dj SW-1?
That's good camera work.  I can hardly see the strings controlling this life-size puppet that people keep referring to at Chris Evans.
