When can we read some afterreports? :)
Early versions of ToME4 looked a lot like Angband. But the UI and gameplay have both changed considerably since.
If you go to Z'Ha'Dum, you will die... Sure lived up to its promise :)
A pretty good introductory article for anyone unfamiliar with roguelikes in general :)
Thanks!  We've done both hunger clock and hero trap. What other tropes are you thinking about?
There were issues with the outtro recording, and a few people's submissions were too low quality to include, but overall it went fine :)
Welcome to the fun! The roguelike community is pretty awesome :D Just don't ask us about the definition of 'roguelike'... ;)
We had a procedural generation episode, but not one specifically on levels. To be honest it's not an easy thing to discuss in audio - you kinda want diagrams and code snippets to demonstrate points in depth.  Jim's IRDC talk on level design in Dungeonmans is brilliant:  http://www.twitch.tv/irdc_usa/c/6781057
Heh, I couldn't guarantee, but I would try my best to attend.
And Babylon 5 ranks...?
Sorry, but this isn't the place for promotional posts, especially when it's not a traditional roguelike.
Not sure, but you may want to try /r/roguelites.
Woohoo! Keep us updated. One of the joys of this sub is hearing the "wow" posts from new viewers :)
It has essentially been running on the Patreon model for years before Patreon existed.
Hoplite and Ending are both fantastic for a stripped-down roguelike experience. WazHack for something much heavier (ie. more "stuff" in it) but with a twist on the usual roguelike presentation. Cardinal Quest 2 for another detailed game with good variety.
Well, depends a little on what you're after! If it's mastery of a system, Brogue is calling for you. If you want many race/class options and a bit of a role playing experience ADOM is perfect. If you want something smaller and tighter but just as addictive then say hello to Hoplite. If you want something giant and messy then CataclysmDDA or DF:AM both could swallow you up. If you want something big but with streamlines and innovations in gameplay then check out ToME4.
There are two modes to it - the first is preset puzzles, the second is open procedural roguelike-ish levels. Give the latter a go, it's awesome!
There's a python + libtcod tutorial that's absolutely perfect for you. It includes lots of standard roguelike code and the tutorial hand holds you through the early process. Once you have a basic game together it's easy to then play with the different elements to turn it into whatever you like.   You can find it here: http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod
At the moment those sorts of posts are deleted. I only let LPers post a single ep from a series and only for traditional roguelikes (so not DF, though Adventure Mode gets a pass).   Part of having a dedicated thread would mean letting people post new eps of ongoing series in that thread. At the moment there's no way to advertise new eps in the series without spamming the subreddit.
Yeah, that's pretty much what we do here now.
But the downvote is used to mark content that is lacking in reasoning or smells of conspiracy nut.
At the moment it is moderated to be that way. The proposed change is to be more inclusive (including new episodes in a series) but restricted to a single thread.
Free only for the Roguelike of the Week feature. That way anyone can join in at no cost. And there are enough free roguelikes out there that don't get enough attention.
What you should have done is hit the report button and I would have noticed and removed it sooner :-)
Every year a bunch of Seven Day Roguelikes are made (games made in 7 days) and the top bunch are always awesome short roguelikes. [PrincessRL](http://flend.net/princessrl/) and [Vicious Orcs](http://www.zincland.com/7drl/orcs/) are particular standouts, but check out the review listings for [2010](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2010/), [2011](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2011/), [2012](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2012/), [2013](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2013/), [2014](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2014/) and [2015](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2015/).
No information lately. ADOM has been quiet for a while - I'm guessing real life issues are getting in the way of the fiddly bug-fixing/polish that's needed. The CoQ devs have been busy releasing Sproggiwood on mobile (where it has been very well received, perhaps delaying Qud work.
Ah! I thought it was Ivanova at first.
Don't forget get Barrett date in HD!!
Shh, no one's meant to know about the tentacles! :-/
Banned.
There is a gradation here with some games falling on different parts of the random-procedural spectrum, but ultimately every instance of proc gen is "controlled randomisation". Binding of Isaac is pretty poor at this, being more random than procedural in my books, but Spelunky is actually incredibly clever and inventive in how it sews its levels together. From a design point of view it has a tonne of interesting lessons.  Lots of traditional roguelikes, including Rogue and Nethack, have little in the way of interesting procedural generation. Rooms and corridors are laid about randomly, as are items and monsters. There is no part of the game concentrating on making interesting levels, it just mashes things together with a few constraints and hopes for the best. Which actually works great! It makes things unpredictable, it leads to bizarre and memorable situations. But if you want real procedural content creation check out something like [TraumaRL](http://flend.net/traumarl/index.html), with its graph-based level planning.
A little request - put some more details of what the site is and does on the main page, so that anyone stumbling on it knows what's there. It just needs a line or two to give some context.
Having spoken to the developers in person about this precise subject, they're actually attempting exactly the opposite. They've deliberately included lesser known historical women and people of colour to try and repaint that era from the usual told history of white men doing everything.
I'm afraid I have to remove this post for violating rediquette and rule 2 in the sidebar. For this to be your only post in this subreddit is quite against the community-based spirit of Reddit.  I've added /r/baronygame to the sidebar list of other subreddits. I'll also have a think of how to allow more promotion of releases here, maybe with a monthly release round-up.
Ah, good point! I'll think about how best to phrase this.
Ah, yes, haha - a hard thing to communicate :) Complexity and emergent complexity are both in my feature list, possibly badly worded there as well. The question on "which features do you enjoy" I'm hoping will show a bit of the player preference you're talking about.
Excellent points, thanks!
The term has been around since Spelunky. I think it started as a bit of a joke :)  If you think that word is ridiculous then never learn to speak German!
Hey, please don't post every video here. We have a video round-up thread on Tuesdays where you can list all your vids of the week.
General concept. I included it for its gameplay effects :)
If you don't know then don't let it affect your voting!  Procedural content is more structured than just random content. At the extreme end the game acts as an AI level designer. Whilst random lays things out without real care for the player experience, but still provides variety between replays.  Binding of Isaac for instance has predesigned rooms and just lays them out randomly when you enter them. In early versions at least it was possible to start the game surrounded by locked doors - the game never checked if the pathing worked. Contrast with Spelunky which uses customisable pre-fab sections that get plugged together whilst ensuring connectivity. It's level making is really excellent. TraumaRL goes even further by having structured enemy and item placement and nested key requirements down branching dungeon levels.
Yeah, that's maybe not clear enough. Essentially it's referring to the traditional roguelike focus on gameplay over story, graphics, sound, etc. Doesn't mean exclusivity, just means that the mechanics come first.  Perhaps we should have had more of an argument over the definition of the definition elements... ;)
Hmm, point taken!  We'll go through a deconstruction process after the results so this can be refined in future.
It's more that the general developer approach is to pay attention to things like that.
Deleting - please read rule 2 on the sidebar.  We have a Let's Play round-up on Tuesdays, you can post your vid in that thread when it's up.
In most of my games NPCs have specific patterns rather than complex AIs. Often this means approaching the player and performing a special action every x turns, or approaching the player but with an individual movement pattern. With a bunch of different units around it's easy for this to quickly become an interesting system for the player. It's all deterministic, so players can predict ahead of time and plan moves instead of having to second guess complex AI algorithms.  The one roguelike I didn't do this in, Gruesome, just has random AI movement, some with slightly different weightings dependant on the unit's colour. I've seen interesting discussion from players on how the AI is super-smart and tries to keep in safe areas. It's all false, but humans are great pattern spotters :) This taught me that there's no point spending time on complex AI - humans don't notice it well and will imagine that stupid AI is complex anyway :P  Some behaviours that work quite well:   - Maintaining a certain distance range. For ranged attack monsters / summoners / support units. Give it a minimum and maximum distance to stay from the player and actions to perform whilst in that range. This is intuitive for the player to understanding and suitably challenging to overcome.   - Pack tactics. Unit stays a minimum of 2 tiles from the player unless there are 4 units within a radius 3 of the player. This leads to very clever feeling units that will stick close to the player and then all pounce in together. Works best in open area maps.   - Hit and run pack. Kinda evil this, but it's nice... Enemies stay ranged, and once they have minimum pack numbers they charge in. Once they make an attack they switch back to ranged. Combine it with strictly ranged healing enemies for added fun :)   - Multiplying next to player. Sounds simple, but it's nicely effective. Traditional worms split when away from you, or when hit. Restrict it instead to multiplying only when next to the player and only multiplying into adjacent spaces and it can be a threatening unit that can still be carefully managed.   - Stealth enemies invisible except when adjacent. Leads to fun when you know an enemy's near and you want to just corner it so you can be next to it and hit it easily.  For AI pathing I like to use a scent map (add scent-1 to each player adjacent tile, and scent-(range) to each adjacent to that, etc). This lets me give modifiers to terrain to encourage certain behaviour more, like avoiding walls (or sticking to walls if I want). In Toby the Trapper I did this and had the scent slowly fade, which meant that standing in an area for a while would make a scent hotspot that enemies would gravitate to instead of chasing you. Helped as part of the whole laying traps gameplay.  On the subject of AI, anyone who hasn't played Jeff Lait's [Smart Kobold](http://www.zincland.com/7drl/kobold/) really must go check it out!
Nice list! You're missing WazHack and Ending though :)
The highlights for me were Jeff's (he does more than Berlin-bash) and then Jim and Brett's for their procgen discussion.
If I scorn all poor journalism I'll have no time left in my day ;)  The article does show that there is a niche not being served. We in the board games clique are well aware of how great these games are and what potential they have, but no one is telling parents that this might be something to look into with their kids. The best we've had so far was Tabletop's kids episode.
Laser raptors in space?! :D :D :D
