That's an interesting angle to think of it from.    There are two types of virtualization possible today, seperated into two types, based on how they work:  * Type 1 Hypervisor - software virtualization, runs as a program from within another OS.  Has very significant performance impacts and generally less customization. * Type 2 Hypervisor - a super slimmed down OS made just for virtualization is either laid down on the hardware from the date the system is stood up, or shimmed in between the previous OS and bare metal later.   Hyper-V is a type 2 hypervisor.  It's the free and awesome virtualizaion platform made by Microsoft, and built in (but not enabled by default) on Windows 8 and up).    What you can do from Windows 8 and up is use your PC, get it configured the way you want to as your daily driver machine.  When you're ready, Add the Windows Feature for HyperV.  Now,  some low level things happen.  Hyper-V is turned on, and transparently becomes the actual Operating System running on your hardware (the 'bare metal' hypervisor, it is called).  Your host OS, the OS you were running pre-Virtualization, becomes a special type of deified VM called the host partition, which is basically a VM which is able to see the physical devices on your computer.  The cool thing about it is that you still log on to your host OS when you use the system, you just access child VMs using the Hyper-V application.  Super cool, it's how myself and my colleagues do use-case testing for our clients all day, every day.  Any future VMs created on the system are sometimes referred to a child partitions, and they can only see a subset of virtual references to these hardware devices.  There do exist technologies to map a GPU thru the bare-metal to a child VM, for instance.  Another common use case is to map certain harddrives or arrays of drives through to child VMs, commonly called pass-thru disks.  You'll find that people readily attempt to hack out of the VM sandbox to touch the host OS, but Virtualization by its very nature with Type 2 HyperVisors almost inhibit it from the get go.  Type 1 Hypervisors are much, much more susceptible to the sorts of attacks you suggest.  So, I kind of rambled a bit, but you seemed to be interested in this sort of thing, so I hope you liked the read :)
&gt; If I use a more consumer friendly OS like any of the various Linuxes  LOL.  So, just to be clear, out of the box, all hypervisors will do a pretty good job of sandboxing VMs away from the host.  The software hypervisors just do a worse job of it, because there already is an OS running on bare metal, and it's not them!    Sometimes you need to pass-through physical devices to a VM, I was just giving you some use cases here.  When you use those technologies though, your VMs become inherently less portable, because they become dependent on a given hardware configuration.
Microsoft currently sells through third party companies like Dell, and Hp a 'Get Genuine Kit', which is basically a 'sign here, don't do it again and give us $20' deal to go from illegitimate to legitimate Windows.  I expect they'll use this mechanism again.  Edit: just so you all know, we do NOT know how much the Get Genuine Kits will cost for Windows 10, should Microsoft go that route.  It has been heavily suggested that it will happen, but nothing set in stone, yet.
It is very, very common practice to block outbound VPN tunnels from within a corporate network. Before you think you could scale corporate notice, you should understand two things:  * your VPN may never work while connected to the corporate LAN  * your using a VPN would be a huge red flag and likely could start a series of events that would end in your termination  It's super sketchy to VPN out from a corporate network, and if it even does work, many corporate services like email, chat and fileshare access could be impacted (broken) if your VPN establishes.
Remind me! One day.
Does she still have the eyeball?
All these do is make certain worms (which live in your lower gi tract) not want to live there any more. If a parasite doesn't live in your gut, if wouldn't work.
What is a modal? Is it like an interstitial?
1. This one is super weird, even by EphermeralRift standards.
Hey guys, I didn't forget about you.  I've finally finished my one-click Domain Controller build here on the ol' blog.  If you haven't seen the series, that's fine, this is a great starting point for anyone interested in DSC, or who just wants to get a domain controller up and running in the minimal amount of time and worry!
Dint worry, you're not shadow banned. Here I just gave you a down vote.
The tricky part as I see it is that you can only do partial configs when you have a pull server.  That's not hard to set up, but its an extra layer of complexity.  And then layering the configs is...bleh.  It's like managing group policy inheritance with no Group Policy Management console.  I feel like I'm working with the raw API and just hoping someone comes along to write to GUI for me to make this all easier.    Build it, man!
Now you can't say that anymore :p  Just change the last line to reflect the name you want for your domain, and away you go!  Remember to be careful though if you're on a production environmen.t  You don't want your VM testlab DHCP trying to give out IP addresses to prod machines!  For this reason, I recommend making your testlab on a private/internal network.    If you want your testlab to touch the Web, add an external/bridged connection after you run the config, just to be safe.
Thanks!
Yeah, how do you display a gif until content has finished loading?   Please blog this and link me when you do!
Did you go this year?
Is the oculus store available for other phones? I've got the LG g4, which could keep up!
...uh...uh...awwwww :(
I forget now, do we not have a Coldhands character in the TV show?
Hey, one of you guys who are so good at theorycrafting.  What does this really mean, if they're mentioning Benjen?   I mean, Bran already made his way to old dead tree dude, so it's not like Coldhand's help is needed for that front.
The picture might coincide with new advertising materials for the show, which would make sense if he's using the phrase "doing a campaign"  Think of it this way, Last year, game of thrones was popularized in advertising with their campaign showing the main characters [with half of their face blue](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/0ytOBwiYIus/maxresdefault.jpg), to represent that anyone could die at any moment in the show.  That's a campaign.  It wouldn't have been unexpected for folks at HBO to contact the people who run various communities dedicated to the show and offer them super-high resolution graphics tailored to their site, to get everyone on board the same campaign.  It helps unify the show in people's minds.
Do you work in the outdoors and need a super accurate rifle? Just curious as to what kind of job would necessitate a rifle like this.
Scary to see how many houses are left with the temporary jack posts in place.
Oh really?  That's cool, I didn't know that!
OK, i don't remember the books, I guess.  What's gonna happen with Balon and a bridge?
Why did Dany have to poo in the book?  I really don't rememer this.
An AI intelligence explosion. This is the sort of thing that has Bill Gates and Elon Musk afraid.
WHOA!!  That is an awesome theory.
Are any of the founders or devs at sourcefourge well known online figures? I'd wonder what they have to say about the communities views of their recent actions.   Are they at all aware of their current reputation?
It's awesome for dev/test.  If your company makes a web page or has a shopping cart service, for instance, you can have your whole build described in DSC.  When you want to make test changes, spin up some VMs and apply your prod DSC config to test.  Now make your changes and see what happens.  If it looks ready to ship as production, apply your DSC config to Prod and see what happens!  The best part though...if the new build fails, just reapply the old DSC config.  It's like checking in your infrastrucure into a source control system.
Kindly thank you, please revert
Awesome photo!    For thos complaining about auto-sharpening, just use your favorite image tool of choice and throw a soft focus filter, centered around the focal point of the image.  It's like a ten second fix to the oversharpening problem.
Wow!  Send that picture to the artist, he'd probably love it!
ATTwifi is a special use case, you'll auto sign into it, just like you do at the wifi at Starbucks and at Nintendo Zones/McDonalds.
In these true stories we curate here, everyone always gets a crisp new $100 bill. Since we're sure these tales all 100% happened (we've got a team of top men, working the moderator control center around the clock, under Ronny Johnson 's leadership, and they wouldn't allow an untrue tale) we combine the two into $100%
Actually, everyone was dropping pins. You could hear $100‰ pins drop.
Sorry, but to clarify, at a trillion dollars per year in cost, what would be the projected UBI payment per person a year, and could you give me some examples of the restrictions?  What I'm seeking to learn:   * at 1 trillion a year, how much does the average Joe receive?  * any restrictions you could think of, like earning limits to still receive the money,for instance.  Do you guys think this would have an inflationary effect on the dollar?  If everyone suddenly had n + 30,000 dollars, would the price of good increase substantially?
Here are a bunch of report tutorials on the MSDN site.  I've looked over them and they look like a good starting point.  https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd239338.aspx
Thanks for the shout!   Yep I'd be happy to help!
What was a 'smarty drink'?
Thanks for the summary, as I did miss the link there.
OK, I clicked throught the link and started watching Nekomonogatari.  WTF is going on?  Is this a sequel to something else?
There are fiber lines running up into Cobb county, so it might happen!
Graphene can do anything, anything except leave the lab.
When we're discussing naming confusion, we're talking--largely--about the average consumer/parent.    Gamers like you and I heard about the Xbox One always on stuff, but most of the public?  They do not follow gaming news at all.    If you're imagining the typical clueless parent, they hear their kids ask for something, maybe spend ten minutes looking it up on Amazon, then decide to buy it.  For them, this naming confusion is a big deal.
No more Ghibli?  Did they close the studio?
Been using Reddit Relay / previously Reddit News, how does Flow compare?
"An app is down, better reboot the whole VM host"  WTF?!  Who thinks like that?
Make one of echeyakee and sell it to me, please!
Huhwahwhey with a very short huh. It's actually hwah
