I lost a game against an all-diamond (and legend) team over this bullshit:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqfWr0NSYWo  It needs to be fixed.  Who do we message?
Link to the panel?  I haven't seen it
Yeah saw on Twitter some people saying the same thing is happening in Fifa, etc.  Fuck, frustrating.
No he saved Hamilton for the 9th
Is it just me or did "Coming back down the hard way" when Patron knocked Mundo down the stairs remind anyone else of Gorilla Monsoon?
One I never see mentioned is Andre Ethier.  I just recently replaced him with Michael Brantley but he's a solid, cheap lefthanded bat
Yeah HanRam has gone up in price about 20k
Simpsons
Either or
Trevor Linden
...the fuck was that inbounds play, Dwayne?
Adam Henrique
&gt;  infamous nfl player ever,  OJ Simpson much?
Also I flipped through some seasons on b-r and the most recent team I can find to go sub-95 is the 2003-04 Spurs who posted a 94.1 DRtg
Zoo doesn't run Siphon and no decks run the other two
Different deck, I was running this one: https://tempostorm.com/hearthstone/decks/midrange-hunter-meta-snapshot-42
If you can get references I will buy some from you, but without a HUTRep page there's no way in hell I'm going first
Confirmed
What changes did you make to your defensive style?
What is the total collat for TB nowadays?
There's a user here that has that team, I can't think of the name right now but someone played against him and posted a link to the team...  https://www.reddit.com/r/NHLHUT/comments/3znp1f/how_to_improve_my_team_with_47mil/  That`s the topic I was thinking of but not the team.  There was a pic of a team posted here with MOV Ovy, Crosby, Stamkos, everyone
Do you remember the topic where a guy played against the most stacked team possible?  The only thing I remember (oddly enough) is you posting that he could have gone with MOV Webber over MOV Suter (or vice-versa) and that would have been the only way to make the team more expensive.
Stupid question, but if we guess a guy for line 1 and he gets on line 2, does it still count?
I'm watching but can't figure out how to enter the giveaway?  Are people just posting contracts?
It's not that he is pulled more, he's a low rated card that is never quick sold, so he's a common rare (oxymoron) that generally ends up on the market.  Happens with Kucherov, Zucc, all the good 85s
lol +/- when one guy is on Detroit and the other is on Edmonton, come on man.  Watch them play, McDavid was tremendous.
Can't get it because of the POTG
Holy shit, good call on Bourque.  3 points and +3 in his first two games, scored 2 sexy goals in the second one.  His hands in tight are ridiculous.
Why did the Warlock concede against the Mage?
Hell it was 5-on-2.5 at the end, one of the 3 had a broken stick
Kalisto has a concussion, almost guaranteed.  That was so sloppy after the botch
I could go for Owens/Styles at Fastlane/WrestleMania
Breaking Ground never shows booking or talks about guys "going over"
Not sure if anyone will see this now, but any clue who that was that kissed Rollins on the arm at the end?
As it stands right now, he is not counted against the Leafs' cap.  That's why they traded Clarkson for him, more money but no cap space taken up.  And where is there a buyout option?  I can't find it in the menus anywhere
This is how bad it is.  2nd year trade deadline, the Red Wings are dead last and Abdelkader (who is making 4.5 or so a year for SEVEN years) is so unhappy his rating is a 78.  Seventy fucking eight, and he's asking for a trade (said so in league updates).  I offered Horton (5.5 a year for 4 years left), 2017 1st, 2017 2nd, Sharks 2017 2nd and my 2019 1st for Abdelkader, who WANTS to be traded and, despite having a lower AAV, is making more money.  Detroit turned it down
Do you realize how little sense what you just said makes?  If he only counts against the cap when they're under it, then he doesn't count against the cap, he counts against the floor.  The cap only matters when you're at or over the cap, being 10 mil under vs. 15 mil under doesn't matter at all.  Also I do understand what you're saying, but for all intents and purposes he doesn't count. https://mapleleafshotstove.com/2015/02/26/the-basics-of-long-term-injury-reserve-as-it-pertains-to-nathan-horton/
Any video of this yet?  All I can find is this highlight video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRqdpAzoJBE
The fine print on the release says related to the accident only.  Is that good enough?
I just noticed Livingston's blatant grab to prevent the Sixers player from stopping the pass in to Green.  He full on grabs his arm and pulls him back
HOW DO YOU MISS JAGRS FUCKING GOAL CBC
It took some serious math, but it turns out his TS% was 0, too.
The Steve Martin movie?
0/4 from the field, 0/2 from 3. 1 offensive rebound, 1 defensive rebound, 1 assist, 1 steal, 1 block (who and how?), 1 foul.
Hey look, yet another person who couldn't read 112 words!
Nice find.  And it makes sense that the block occurred 4 feet off the ground
99% of the time they schedule the game based on the home fans.  When Golden State plays in Toronto during the regular season, the game starts at 7.
Did you actually read what I wrote?  I understand that an 8 p.m. EST start means the West Coast might miss the beginning as they come home from work (as a Jays fan, I dealt with this a lot last postseason), but having games that end at 11:30 on the East Coast isn't exactly ideal either, y'know?
I saw **+20** the other day on a low rated guy for his contact and power stats.  That's nuts
Anybody using the xbox app having issues with surround sound not working?
