Pretty unfair on Kapil Dev, Srinath and Zaheer
What a snorter. Sree was awesome in SA
Curry or Kyrie
Don't forget salt and food products too  But TATA is just one company that does a lot of things but there are lots of companies that do that in India (reliance etc)- not really a monopoly.  Things are getting pretty similar here in the US with the proliferation of influential companies like Google. I wouldn't be surprised if we saw Google insurance and health services in our lifetime.
"ENHANCE"
Or Tendulkar getting Man of the Tournament in the 2003 WC after India lost in the final
Add Bradman to that list and Lillee to bolster the bowling lineup
This dude's name is Ebola?
Honestly one of my favorite lines from the album lol
Have they already signed DeAndre? If not then there is your solution. If they have a S&amp;T could work too.  But this is all hypothetical. Lebron going to LA is a 1/1000 possibility.
How can you kill that which has no life?
That last episode though...
Yes!!!
Detroit stand up!
ONE APP
Bad Boys of the 80s were MJs Kryptonite and won 2 championships. Resurgence again in the 00s: won the championship in 04 playing hard nose defense and grit beating the fancied Lakers in 5 games in the finals. Remained contenders for much of the 00s before the core was traded away for AI and other bad front office moves. Slipped into mediocrity and worse in recent years, but there is hope with last years hiring of Stan Van Gundy as coach and president of basketball operations.
That's why they were dropped from the squad
In the west too!
Motor City ones tho
He did say he would end his career in Cleveland but never said he wouldn't go somewhere else in the middle....
:/
The Utah Jazz of Pokemon
The celtics send their regards
Maple Jordan
Tobias
SA v NZ 2015 cwc semi  India v WI 2011 group stage
Triggered
Josh Smith also happened
yo how the heck is this deemed appropriate lmao
planetcricket was one of the big cricket websites back then and they had to lock the thread
the triangle
Hogg has the "SAVE ME SOS" face going on
I'm not sure they do. The retired guys just haven't bothered to play TBH. Most are content with retirement plus IPL for a few years. Sehwag not even bothering with IPL.   After retirement most have pursued other interests with coaching and being involved in cricket leadership in some capacity. That, and it's a race to get as unfit as possible as quickly as possible in the case of most Indian retired legends :P (except Dravid)
Forget those guys. In fact I would want the current players to get as much rest as possible. Who I would like to see play in overseas leagues are fringe players like Pragyan Ojha, Dinesh Karthik, Pathan bros etc. I get that Ranji trophy is a huge deal and its big to win for your state side, but maybe performing on a bigger stage in the BBL would help them get noticed too
Lawyers
What's the general opinion of trump in Dallas/Texas? Just curious   Hilarious video btw
Well plagiarism is at least a 20% dock from the grade, if not a 0 or expulsion
I thought Blazers were going to be in the Ben Simmons tank race at the start of the season. looks like Dame (and CJ) had other plans
Man if yall get *that* draft pick that hits AKA instant impact superstar...$$$  what was cleveland worth before lebron? what about a a few years into his first contract? probably huge change.
Find out next time on dragon ball z
Truuuu
He bout to be traded back to Indy dw
Not really this sub but general media always says Doc is like #2 after pop...
It goes through peaks and valleys. When doing well,  the front page will be FULL of D Rose highlights (even if he had like 10-12 pts, 3a)comments will be cheery and optimistic etc. the second he has a bad game or has an injury scare, people will come out of nowhere and belittle his past accomplishments, laugh at his contract, call for him to be traded etc etc  There's no middle ground with D rose
All little kids wear exclusively ua
Build this man a statue. Esp if this turns into Ben Simmons
Good times
this is India bro, we dont make Rabada's over here. have to be excited by what we got
also http://stats.nba.com/vs/#!/?PlayerID=202704&amp;VsPlayerID=2548
IS THAT A WORLD TOUR OR YOUR GIRL's TOUR????
