Looks like your pizza had a stroke.
Marude: Candystorm
Not even a single shot.
I can't find the short article she mentions in the post but I did find this:  http://abc7chicago.com/news/victim-claims-attack-in-chicago-park-was-racially-motivated-/765406/  I hope they get justice.
Jet fuel can't melt something eve related
/r/nosleep is fiction.
Ach makes sense, thanks.
Yea 2013 was mild, but they won it away. CPD is good at crowd control, they can force dispersals.
Yea the whole shoulder to shoulder to horses thing is a great idea. People will give shit to cops, but not to horses.
No spoilers here.
500 trips and 12,000 rides? That comes out to 24 rides a visit. Is that even possible?
To be fair, the ref kept signalling the hold, even Rivers signalled it in a convo with the ref.
Same
RIP Chargers
Just dropping it constantly.
Oh /r/chicago. At least it's not as racist as it was a couple of years ago.
Holy shit her hands are huge! Johnny Bench called.
I noticed it immediately.
Are you a porn star?
Good to know.
It seems insurmountable
Echo
Yea howbout it? No helmet though
Noooo
How did she stop for the wrong reasons?
Rule 2 please!
He likes Bernie Sanders.
Damn synths
Lol
Nope, they just know the count as well as the Pats.
Not even a FG, a PAT
Tillman dancing?
He's still wearing pads
This took place in Indiana.
Someone was out for a play, but they rubbed some 'ointment' on it and they were OK.
Oh god...
Isn't that where half the adult male population was convicted of child porn and abuse?
Interestingly, most of the island is Google Street view accessible.
Wait so you paid him the full purchase cost, and he squandered it on something else? That sucks. The car title AND loan is in his name, right? If so, you could just walk away from the car and tell him you aren't paying anything else. Unfortunately that would mean you essentially paid him for nothing, but it may be better than throwing money at a car that is not even in your name.
Who... Whose number 2?
Did you respond to the wrong comment?
Neither record level for Chicago NOR for the US.
Oh. Then I don't understand your comment. Why does OP need to get over himself?
I mean, who hasn't tho?
The Museum of Science and Industry has preserved fetuses from throughout gestation on display, but definitely not in the food court.
Old post man! Whatcha doing back here?
Nevermets? Is that as self explanatory as it sounds?
Found the Cincinnatian
Are you the lawyer dude?
Yea so fun getting srd bannrd
