Instead of playing our football on campus like normal, we drive over an hour away to the point where our rival is closer to the game than we are.
M logos on wheels and steering wheel are part of the M sport package, most people would say those are fine. The big M badge on the grill is something else because it only comes on actual M cars.
hahahahah
Username checks out
Ah good point.
Notre Dame to UCLA
Yes. Which is ironic because the man who is tasked with teaching him said mental game came to us from you guys.
This is very, very cool. Thanks for sharing.
[Matt Barkeley walks into a Barr...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv3Q2FAqcdw)  I also really enjoy how the band's live tune syncs up to the "drop" right as the hit happens in the first FOX replay.  Bonus: Gus Johnson screaming
I'm confused. You don't have any West Virginia flair.
Post title seems to imply that just device between city and east bay will be suspended, but linked article says system-wide suspension.
ABC*, but you're still right
lol bars in westwood. good one.
So you take 101 -&gt; 237 -&gt; 880 North instead of taking dumbarton? That's a lot of miles...
ah what the hell
Or that 6heismans guy
Does STANFORD-OREGON in 2012 count?
What do they ship you and what was the cost?
UCLA is notorious for having 24-hour parking that expires at 7am. So you see a lot of people at 6:55am in line to renew their parking pass.
2 things:  1. try socalbmw.com instead of going through individual dealership online inventories. It aggregates all the results from all socal dealerships for you :)  2. Have you considered custom ordering a brand new car from Munich (yes, I know the 1 series isn't made anymore, but the M235i is a fun little guy that is closer to an e46 replacement than any F30 today)? If you lease, you'd probably end up with a very similar monthly payment as a 4-yr old CPO, and full service and warranty as well! Feel free to PM me if you have any questions about custom ordering or leasing.
Those rims look sweet with the white car and black accents. Are those CF mirror caps from BMW or aftermarket?
+1 backing in, +1 end spot. This guy's ok in my book.
Are you not entertained?
Yeah
Ok. Switching from source being phone number to iCloud email is a COMPLETELY different scenario, and your recipients getting annoyed is now much more understandable. Your original post does not imply this at all, so that's why people were giving you flack. I suggest checking your iMessage settings and deleting all source accounts except for your phone number, then power cycle iMessage and see how it works the next time.
So that r/cfb has a ten offseasons to talk about it
tOSU, Bama, Penn State, TCU
my hero
The refreshes on the m3 are all cosmetic and will trickle down to the m4 as well. The F80 did NOT have it's LCI like the F30 did, which makes sense considering it's 2 years old.
that's the joke
It's not about Richard being a non-majority holder, but about the # of board seats. There are 5: Richard, Erlich, Monica (reviga), and 2 for Russ. When Reviga bought out Russ's seats at the end of S2, they thus had 3/5 seats and could out-vote Richard and Erlich.
The offensive line.
100% cultural. Which brings me back to my original point. The driving CULTURE here is the issue, not the laws, or even the drivers themselves.
Oregon vs. Cal @ Levi's Stadium last year. Wild shootout, think it was like 45-42 at halftime.
Is gas-mileage your primary concern? Do you care about performance or handling? How much utility do you need, in term of passengers, cargo, AWD, etc.? What's your monthly budget, and how many miles do you drive per month?
ah nvm
Just sitting here waiting for an ASU flair to comment on the grammar.
Where was there any violence in the Mora/Ulbrich episode?
Rick Neuheisal recruited Combs, not Jim Mora
yep, exactly
I love seeing Silicon Valley references in other subs.
god damn you cause you're right, have an upvote
&gt; Celebrities are not supposed to be above the law.  This
How is that a Diddy joke?
Laurels are also the cheapest, mostly because they have the least "amenities" if you care. e.g. Tile countertops, no stainless still, white walls, etc.
No, U.S. customers doing ED still are ordering US spec cars.
Saw this about 6 hours ago on 84 by Livermore
If you're getting a CS degree, what's the point of another major?
There are no bars open at 6am here :/
If you get someone's cable login (like your parents), you get 80% of the games right there (ESPN*, FOX/FS1, P12, ...). Add an antenna for OTA games and you're at 95% with the only games missing being obscure like CBSSN and NBCSN.
