That's exactly what "worth it" means in that chart...
cumulus mango and autumn sky 20pg/80vg 0mg
0mg nic 80/20
reddit enhancement suite helps
I'm not questioning the site itself just the store section which receives no attention from the owner.
no sry
awesome
80/20 0mg
high VG, 0mg
a secret
You say that until they push a bill through classifying E-Juice as a Tobacco product.
Throughout the entire match, it makes torping harder.
Possibly but it was working fine with the mods for a week or 2
Green apple and grapefruit
Sweet sunrise 80vg 0mg nic
Black IPv4 and 2 Sony vtc4's, please!
100843543
Myst, Fruit Salad, Candy Apple, Acai Berry, and Frozen Hell  Thank you!
Paragon   Little boy  Franken vape 0mg
BLAME CANADA!
Sweet
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Peanut butter and jesus
This is all you need.
Good thing it wasn't a corsair
1. Can be cheaper.   2. You can control what ohms the coil is at.   3. You can choose what quality if cotton to use.   4. You can choose the type of wire used.   Basically as long as you have the patience, dexterity, tools and materials required there is very little reason to buy pre-made coils(unless you have a tank where rebuilding is stupidly hard)
I gatta call you out on that, unless you can get your wire for less than about 12¢ a foot(cheapest I've seen is around 25¢ per foot) or make really tiny coils, what you claim is exaggeration.
It is with the RBA section
Lol everyone starts somewhere, yes the subtank mini is considered an RTA because it has the RBA section that you can build your own coil on.
Where?
Thats all haswell had over ivy bridge and people were saying it was a good increase.
more?
That's a weird way to spell "years"
Re seat your ram or roll back your overclocks.
Basically power down the computer take the ram our and out them back in making sure that good contact is achieved.
Source?
to bad its a fuzzy image
I thought you couldn't refund any ages that were have been owned for more than 14 days.
STAY! - 0mg
attention
Boob Hats
You just put PCMR on a list somewhere.
Sometimes
From my experience most stock monitor stands are flimsy and unstable.
Makes sense
Do a quick search of this sub and you'll have your answer without posting what many others have posted.
Yeah, most reddit don't like going to another site for a giveaway.
Fuzzywubblez
Infinite Clt  Aspire Atlantis v2  Vapor Jerry's Oh R’Lyeh 0mg  thanks!!!
Surprise me in 0mg
