i remember reading he shot 91% but that mightve jsut been rockets series
as far as i can tell the warriors beat the cavs last game
Explains Dwight too
there's a shit load of words that have multiple and opposite meanings. for example bad. "that dude bad" mean he good or some shit while it can also mean its original definition which is not good
which of course, isnt feasible
the fuck kinda proof do you want. do you expect them to link to cp?
Big dick too
mr steal yo pick
calm the fuck down you bein a real dick all over fuckin cody zeller lmao. not even kemba or mkg but cody zeller
battle of the bigmen
check out iguodalas package tonight
its why he grabbed dirk dick
just like your teams success
and made his FTs!
new rabsho confirmed
yes
nice pass by holmes
speights just made a shot game over
new year new speights
okay let me just call the fashion world and let them know
because they havent needed to lol
curry is probably pissed at the team rn
this game is fucking wild
they have been surprisingly fun to watch
and they have their coach
mosgov pullin a delly
lol
thank jerry west for that
it couldve been like hours before the game maybe
any meal before a game could technically be a pregame meal
jfc lol
what the fuck is on olynyks face
its so good to see that man again
that out of bounds play is a thing of beauty
wasnt the bogut on tony allen thing also suggested by someone not even on the coaching staff?
&gt; before you're old enough to ~~get into a bar~~ ~~buy a car~~ be an NBA star
its the rising stars game dude who cares
the problem is its really fucking hard to build a team that is both elite defensively and offensively. its easy to say how to guard em or beat em in theory but actually getting the right personnel to execute that style of play is easier said than done
And my point is that while the cavs and blazers may be able to keep up offensively, they don't have the defenders necessary
You can also say over exaggerated to emphasize how exaggerated it is
GET A FUCKING REBOUND
not a very good defender either. loses his man offball and not the best fighting through screens. decent onball D tho
or do they become top assistants because they are on the staff of a good coach????
And Carl Landry
not sure i follow?
As will the quality of the PEDs
RIP
Depends on the injury obviously. There are more than a few injuries that can be played on while requiring surgery, without the risk of further injury.
Theyre putting ads on jerseys
holy shit i got up for like 2 minutes and both teams scored
