Context shapes text. Again, comparable scene in The Crying Game, technically far better set up, is playing the same scenario. This is actually a scene that I think is fairly well known in cis culture, the trans reveal. In light of how that's "supposed" to go, I think Boy Meets Girl is working very deliberately on the spectacle level.
Go to /r/transtimelines and search for MTF in your age.
They can't change your genital morphology in any big way, but they can change a lot of other things.
Most binary trans people have very stable identities once we figure it out and sort out transitioning. I've read maybe 1-2 redditors who had different experiences, including one woman who had transitioned FtM, then back MtF 15 years later, and she said that one day she just stopped feeling male, but had genuinely been male before.  Brains have done stranger things. It can obviously happen. But it's pretty rare for anyone to transition more than once if they're binary (male or female gender identity). Some non binary people find out by first transitioning binary though, and some binary people claim to be non binary as they work out their identity before accepting that they're binary trans.
August will work. You can usually use your name a month after final judgment, so submit the announcement right after the rather pro forma court date.
When it's used as a noun I always think how weird it is to refer to a person as "a gender".
Rehearse. "X is a woman I met while skydiving. She is mad cool. She, she, she."
What were you expecting?
What do you do when a person's visible dimorphism is, say, female, but you later learn that they were born with male genitals?
That's the one!
You really should tell us what you're responding to or else *ask us* whether we'd prefer universal or female only prison reform.
I'm sure he did take his brain to work. It must be a nice brain, all shiny and chrome and only gently used.
I discovered a few weeks ago that one of my close friends is also subbed to trollx and raisedbynarcissists. Led to some fascinating conversations and a lot more meme sharing.
Do you have some reason to think that her hrt regimen is off in some way? :p
Ain't that the truth.
It's a good question and would make sense to put in a FAQ. Usually people just start a new post for it, though, with any additional info on that specific situation.  Edit to be unsolicitedly helpful: generally kids don't need that much explanation beyond the simple fact that someone was very unhappy as a girl, for example, and took medicine to become a man. (More complicated concepts like presentation and gender identity aren't necessarily as useful to a small child.)
You're probably right, then! Side note, totally irrelevant: just now my brain clicked and I was like, oh, the necronomicon!
If your hormones are within normal female levels, you're talking about presentation and/or temporary or permanent cosmetics. Male and female bodies are fairly different on average, but not that different, as humans are a weakly dimorphic species, so much of the differences are underscored, emphasized, or created by cultural presentation.  If you want a classically feminine body as defined by western mainstream society, well, most of the cosmetic and medical interventions that trans women use were developed for cis women first. Many cis women spend a great deal of time and money feminizing themselves; many cis men spend hours in the gym to achieve a virile muscular manly look.  What you're looking for might involve some combination of clothing and makeup , surgery, and exercise/dietary patterns.
Actually, go back and read your ancient Greek historians again. You'll find, for instance, references to Scythian sorceresses who drank pregnant mare urine (high in potent estrogens) to transform from male to female. It takes only a modest attempt to look before your find that trans people have been around far longer than our modern transition technology. This has been something that happens to human beings since as long as we've had human beings.   And then if you must identify as a tomato and it helps cure you of painful and debilitating issues, I'll be respectful, and I'll even put you in a pico de galli. But if you're just looking for cute false analogies and tendentious claims built on poor understanding of the facts, then I am afraid you're marinara grade at best.
Impulse castrations = "hey I'm feeling like hacking something off for fun today, but I'll want my balls back next month."   And yes, it really helps to have some sex hormones in your body.
This is why privilege, while useful as a term of analysis in feminist critique, isn't so hot for discussing lived experience: almost invariably it means "freedom from imposed bullshit other people get hit with." Which most people with "privileges" will admit even if they don't consider it a privilege.
Awwwwww. :) you look happier.
Require female body.
Reminder appreciated.
Radioactive wolves. Want to be one. Seems super rad.   ...  Sorry.
Either you're about to start hrt or you're going to the Lonely Mountain with Gandalf.
I know her only as Chanel No. 2.
Mazzoni is just so convenient that if you're within sixty miles you kinda may as well.
If you should have claimed in 2013 for FY2012, claim this year. Definitely tax planner, this isn't as open and shut easy as filing on time, but it might eliminate your remaining debt so it's likely worth it! If not, you can definitely still benefit by writing off SRS.  I saw your pictures a couple different times you posted them for short periods. Didn't see them on Z's site at all.  How much revision do you think is typically helpful? I'm hoping all settles well, but if there are issues, the revision policy is a big reason I went with him.   BTW, your username made me suddenly very glum about Oz a few years back when I wondered why exactly Baum thought of Ozma. A friend of mine works in video editing and found a reel from the 1930s featuring a family, totally pleasant and happy, except that my friend gradually realized one of the daughters was going through male puberty. It ruined both of our days. Pondering Baum's possible inspirations for Ozma didn't brighten mine, though it'd make a hell of a story if someone ever wanted to write it.
Commence proving your biological trends. Realize that the slightest pretense of scientific rigor requires controls, though.
Actually, I made you write all this out because the evo psych case is notoriously flimsy and requires so much assumption and just-so-story that it only gives you the output you want because it's not very rigorous science. When your final argument is "look, we just *know* there's an underlying male and female human nature like so, and it just happens to justify this society's sexual politics (rather than any of the others from 5000 years of recorded history on at least three continents)" the best I can do is just keep you talking until you have made all your premises explicit. :p
In the abstract or in some particular historical place and time?
US surgeons will be too expensive, once you factor in facility/anesthesia fees and such. You may want to contemplate Cardenas, I think his prices are all on his website and rather less menacing.
Not touching your leaps, fallacies, and handwaving because I'm not really seeing them as worth substantively engaging, I'm assuming you have a solution in mind? Let's go so far as to even, for the sake of argument, say that you are correct and free women are less happy.   Do you have a policy recommendation?
Anecdotally, I'm told that trans women usually adjust much more quickly to having vaginas than cis men do to not having penises. Given that preop "phantom vaginal" sensations are often reported by trans women (can confirm they're really confusing to get) and "phantom penis" sensations are pretty often reported by trans men, things tending to settle neatly post op is not surpassingly odd.
Walk me through it. My feeble phi beta kappa brain is missing something.
but there are no trends whereby sex crimes perpetrated against women are treated with a specific flavor of differently?
Masculine bone structure frequently can result in a perfectly passable face under HRT.
Yes, and also Ovid. Both intended.
You may become sterile pretty fast. On the other hand, if you don't greatly feminize your presentation, you can probably just live under the radar while taking low dose hrt for years, then have a good base for other changes. Don't neglect beard removal; you can do a lot of that and people who know you just think you're looking younger for a long time, even after new people see you as visibly female.
https://www.nllfs.org/publications/  Interesting work is being done here. I'm not unduly fussed about small sample sizes if the statistical analysis reflects those limitations.
The existence of scholarships and such to lead an underrepresented group into a field is like a dose of medicine. You've got causality reversed. You're saying "I detect medicine for this group, therefore they are healthy." In reality, there wouldn't be "medicine" for women and various minorities in many fields if those groups didn't need active encouragement in the face of some kind of headwinds. (Like the cumulative results now of 6000 years of male dominance, 500 years of white dominance, etc etc etc etc etc.)
There are several users here with similar back stories, including several ex military ex bodybuilders who used catabolic dieting and intense cardio to lose a *lot* of muscle. I've seen the timelines watching massive bulk melt down into waifishness. The body can do amazing things if you put in the work, including more than reverse the work you've already put in.
If you don't know someone's sex, you probably already call them ... them. This is how the English language works.   If they tell you they're not male or female, why not assume they're not crazy and just ... use the word the language already provides for people not conclusively known to be either male or female.   It's basic courtesy, it doesn't involve the slightest change of language use, it just involves basic listening when someone says, "yeah, I'm not a man or a woman, and I'd know, *I'm me*." OK cool! Done, end of story, nobody loses, we're all happy.
Ground it in physical and sensory experience. Don't use common cisnormative lingo: focus on telling a story about transitioned human animals and what life is actually like for these organisms.  "I'm halfway to work some days when I think about that cute guy with the beard I talked to at that conference once, and all of a sudden I get phantom vaginal aches, a sort of yearning to clench pelvic floor muscles around something, and I haven't had that surgery yet, it's impossible and frustrating, but the feeling is also sublime, like my body is promising me a sensation of utter rightness and satisfaction if I can just get this imaginary boy inside my ghost vagina. That's freaking weird. For the first time I'm starting to realize why people like sex so much, and I can't have it the way I want."  Prompt: Write a scene where the above speaker calls up her best friend to discuss this shit, and her best friend is also a trans woman, non op, who doesn't have phantom vagina. Then write a scene where they go to see Star Wars and debate Adam Driver's hotness.   (Hell, they could add their third bestie to the conversation later, who could be cis, and she could propose silly coping measures like "if I was stuck with a dick I'd sew it tiny outfits and take pictures, recreate my favorite scenes from movies in stills, etc. What if I can find you a tiny top hat?" - "it'll have to be really tiny, shit's pretty small these days." - "I'm going on AliExpress.")  But the key is *make theirs a whole life*. Transition isn't how I spend most of my day. I spend it teaching, writing, making art, playing couch coop rocket league, hanging out with my girls arguing about star wars, and *sometimes* talking about how I'm going to write an epic breakup letter to my dick.
Do you get the weird *looks*? No? Okay, good, you're visually blending. Now, when you open your mouth, do people react oddly or misgender you? Interact with a bunch of strangers, store employees, etc, and yes, make phone calls and order at drive throughs too.
No idea. Seems like a recipe for mass awkward.
It wasn't particularly, you can ask things here no problem. This is a good place to find out that most of us consider being asked our birth name to be shorthand for "OK. I know your pretend name, but what's your real name from your real gender?"
If you have secret fantasies of raping and murdering me, but you have the decency to keep it utterly to yourself and treat me without fail like the human being I am, I don't care. (Extreme case to make a point.)
Anything that attests your quality. If you're capable of shy self promotion, maybe try the "oh my god I'm so touched at what this customer said" if you can avoid overplaying it (vital to seem modest with that tactic).
