This is what's holding me back from buying the game too. Buying a house out in the country has its downsides.
Definitely seems recent. There isn't a guitar in sight.
They prefer meese.
She knew.
Diddy Kong Racing was remade for the DS. Donkey Kong Country Returns and Xenoblade - two games for the Wii - were remade for 3DS.   I guarantee you there is not a single conversation at Nintendo HQ that is going along the lines with your reasoning. There isn't a pattern with remakes that Nintendo is following. You have one example of a GameCube game being remade for the Wii U. You are basing this entirely on the fact that there are three N64 remakes on the 3DS, but you're also discounting the two Wii games that also had a remake. So what can we conclude? Nothing!
So these games originally came out on a home Nintendo console, and the newest home Nintendo console is the only place we won't be seeing this collection. Hm.
We have that. It's called Super Mario World.
Ahh that's good to hear!
On the contrary, what if their closest support system at the time happened to be atheist or of a different religion? Do you think that would have altered their decision to became associated with a specific religion?
It's just a theorem though!
Not to mention the slow drip allows for sales on games that might otherwise not happen. If they released them all at once, Nintendo will surely report a good quarter if they release all VC titles at once. But then the following quarters will be nowhere near that quarter in VC sales.
Old Leghumper from Thirsty Dog.
The scene in Dirty Work where they plant the fish in the house full of mobsters, then they narrate the massacre that ensues off screen. Also:  "Well you see the problem here is we lied on our resumes, and we actually don't know anything about construction"  "When's lunch?"
They are on Chapter 9 though. There is a fight that you can't use your skell in.
You didn't miss much.
The game is a remake of a game that was originally on a home console. Tyte logic.
Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, Gimme Fiction, Blue Screen Life, You Forgot It In People, Atlas and Lonerism.
Why wasn't Skyward Sword, a game that came out one year before the WiiU, much like how the new Zelda for WiiU will be released one year before NX comes out, released on Wii and WiiU?
Pinky finger
Why do you think anyone here would know this?
And don't forget to scan it before you enter the room!
D
This song will becoooome the aaanthem of your undergrooound
Wasn't Prime Trilogy and Other M rated T? Isn't this par for the course?
No matter what you think about the aesthetics of the game, the rating is likely the way it is because it is a shooter from a first person perspective. Prime Trilogy, Hunters, Other M and Federation Force all received a T rating and they all have first person perspective shooting in the game.
You going to Rio with those mental gymnastics?
If it helps, the majority of these songs are on their new album Star Wars.
I'm pretty sure there was an episode where one of the characters is trying to book a motel room and the clerk asks if the stay will be by the hour or the whole night.
I know this seems cliché, but I'd like an unexpected twist in the story. If it happened after the third dungeon, I would be expecting that. I mean something drastic happens 80% through the main story. The bad guy seriously gets the upper hand. Their intentions from the beginning were actually realized. Link's path to victory becomes unclear. The world becomes grim and a plan B has to be devised. Something different from "get 3 of this, story stuff, get 3-5 of this, finish game".
I find it odd that George Harrison has a Twitter account.
MMMPAKTAMMPAKTAOOOoOoO
Get a Wii U
Totally different circumstances.
I don't think you're talking about either Xenoblade game. I don't think either of them had a demo, and I can't think of what you'd be referring to about slicing toes.
I'm gonna bet you've heard at least one of his songs before.
Your brother sounds fun.
This post has been brought to you by Murphy's law.
Huh? Can you miss a heart piece?
And Galaxy 2.
You can get it for 1.50 if you have it on the Wii VC already. Might be worth it for that off screen play.
:(
And there's also a chance that this won't happen.
Whoever made this doesn't know shit about fiscal quarters and the importance of distributing investments through out the year.
Something tells me that a person asking what MySpace was like is also not going to know what Geocities was like either.
It might be easier to get the Tanooki suits, save, then just reset when you die so you don't have to go through 3-1 all over again.
You didn't miss anything. We haven't seen any tax returns.
Yes
Yeah, dude. Dang.
Hey have you played New Super Mario Bros? It's over 10 years old, but it's new. And old. Also new.
We all know they aren't. But the general public is more familiar with Tame Impala than they are with Pond. Pitchfork refers to them as an offshoot of Tame Impala for the clicks. You could also argue that it doesn't really hurt Pond either. Yeah it kind of diminishes their status as an independent band, but it also increases the likelihood that a casual Tame Impala fan discovers their music.
