It's work, but $40 of stickers to raise a price $100 is an investment shady people would make.
They're playing Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin this year! Whoa, Buddy!
Start with a dehumidifier. It could just be damp.
Habitat for Humanity will take that furniture, also.
Any time I used oiled paper, I used the same exposure time as I would for a transparency. Most of my prints, however, didn't have super fine details to lose, so that might need to be taken into account.   If you're asking how long it'll take with those bulbs at that power... You might need to Google a good resource and start running tests.
"Can't spell 'feet' without 'eet!'" Nom nom nom.
In legal parlance, "missile" can mean any object that's thrown or launched. Doesn't have to be a warhead, but if someone launched a Warhead candy at your car, it'd be a missile.  Source: Watched "Ally McBeal" one time.
This.
Records are surprisingly resilient to cutting. What was used? A dremel? Coping saw? Tiny knives?
With an accumulation of lint, I've noticed that adding water to it makes a larger mess. Maybe a stiff brush that your can scrub dry as it runs? Get some light colored fabric to check  cleanliness by rubbing the belt as it runs as well. Getting into the inside of the belt is going to be tricky, but that's where all the lint and dirt is gonna fall.
There's a taco place nearby that does horchata  and espresso. It's fricking tasty!
Wizard staff selfie stick? Gandalf level.
He was so wasted.
Some of these answers lean in the right direction. I can add a little conserving spikes and studs. Aside from the "look" it gives, studs and spikes can be a bit more practical... Dogs wear spiked collars around their necks to prevent another dog from grabbing hold of it, protecting it from attack. The same idea transferred to the punk aesthetic, with spiked bracelets, collars and such. A well-studded jacket might also turn a fist or knife in a fight. A spiked wrist can't be grabbed. Skinny jeans... Well, those aren't actually that practical.    Anecdotally, that was the intent. It took the toughness of leather and denim with an extra layer of protection for rumbling gangs.  Granted, most of what you see in that look nowadays is toned down and mall-ready.   In a post-apocalyptic society, would you be afraid of it was roving gangs of nerds? Probably not. But if the streets were turned over and ran by the shadier element; biker gangs, punks, thugs, etc... You're actually worried about society.
[Great animated video about the accident.](https://youtu.be/YL9dWxkP8Qo)
Yeah! It's sometimes called a SCOBY, symbiotic culture of bacteria and yeast. It's the same process used in making kombucha.
Think of it this way... Why doesn't a polaroid or any other photograph get more developed after it's done?  Simple. The chemical reaction is finished. This reaction of the emulsion is started by light (specifically uv light), but there's only so much reacting it can do. Once it's finished, it's finished.  Just like paint can't get any drier, exposed emulsion has turned into a plastic and won't change further.   Now, I don't know a whole lot about chemistry, so I can't totally break it down for you, but that's a good starting point, I think.  The other big thing is that light is what hardens the emulsion. Water washes it away. Continued exposure would just strengthen the emulsion, not weaken it. Friction from printing will wear it away, eventually, though. It is just plastic, squished into the fabric of the screen, then dried.   From a practical standpoint, you can expose screens, wash them out, and re-expose to get them really dry. I used double exposure to get emulsion meant for plastisol (oil based) ready for acrylic (water based) inks, so it'd soak up less water from the ink while working.   But necessary, but helpful.   Hope this explains a little.
I know if you use the super-cheap option of Speedball, it does require heat setting. It could be as simple as running it in a clothes dryer on high for  a half hour (once the ink air dried, of course).   There are some ink additives that eliminate the need for heat setting, though.
Chlorine, dawg. Sodium hypochlorite. It's poisonous, which is why they use it to kill germs and pee in swimming pools.
"This calls for a special blend of psychology and extreme violence."
Big Top Candy on South Congress?
With Google rewards, I can answer a few questions and get all the app money I need.   I hadn't heard of Book Bub, though, and I'm always down for cheap reads! Thanks!
I know that some of This Bike is a Pipe Bomb's songs have harmonica, but I'll be damned if I can think of which ones they are.
Motherfuckin' [Asschapel.](https://youtu.be/YMz1TtVcxs0)
That's what I would assume. I wonder where I can get Polish flaki in Texas?
Imageboxers.com. They do custom colors and prints. Quality isn't to die for, but the price is OK.
CBA? Can't be arsed?
Origin 8 and State Bicycle Co have them as well...but they have a little offset. They are cheap, though, if you're on a tight budget.
Teengenerate.
I'm gonna shoot out the long answer as I understand it. For rock bands, on stage they have monitors. You know, those speakers pointed at themselves so they can hear what's going on. Orchestras do *not* have that. Plus, with a big ol' crowd of musicians like that, the only thing they can hear well will probably be the two people sitting next to them. Trying to play like this would quickly degenerate into chaos. Enter: the Conductor. That guy can hear EVERYTHING from where he is. Plus, he's waving his arms like a human metronome, keeping time and letting the various groups know when to get loud, when to get soft, when to come in for that triumphant finish... He's holding the whole thing together.
There's no way you stretched a chain like that with your hands, unless you're  superhuman. I've got two theories.   A: the fixed cog isn't the same size (maybe smaller) as the free wheel. If that's the case, it won't use as much chain as the free wheel side.   2: you're not pulling the wheel back far enough. For those single speed bikes, you've got to put a good amount of tension on the chain, and keep it tight by getting your bolts cranked down.   If it slides forward anyway, I'd suggest getting some chain tensioners. They aren't expensive, and you can adjust the tightness of the chain to a really accurate degree.
The thing to remember is that the dates on milk are... sort of guesses. It's a "sell-by"date, ensuring that if you buy it on that day, it will still be good for a reasonable time after you get it home IF you store it correctly.  If milk is stored improperly, it can be spoiled before the sell-by date.  As long as it doesn't smell bad, you'll be OK.   Also, cooking kills germs, so you'll be doubly safe if it's in a cake.
If you like Neon Piss, check out [Silent Era.](https://silenterabayarea.bandcamp.com/album/2014-tape)  Same drummer, different sound.
You could try a couple of things. Both require gesso, which is a canvas primer.  It's essentially acrylic paint with some gypsum added. (That's the stuff in drywall.)  One: get the cheap canvases. Add more gesso in smooth layers until you get a canvas that's how you like it. You can, if you're gentle, sand between layers of gesso to improve the surface.    Two: get the DIY framing components in the sizes you want. Make a frame. Cut hardboard/Masonite to fit. Glue/tack it together. You could get by with pretty thin stuff... like 1/8 inch Masonite.  Gesso it to prime it. Paint it. I don't think i would spray prime the board, just because other primer is cheaper, and it might take a couple coats to get a good surface.
That sounds like a limit screw problem to start with. You can check GCN's YouTube channel for "how to adjust a rear derailleur."  It's informative, and can be done as a newbie.   You essentially pull the chain off, and push the derailleurs by hand to see where they are adjusted to, then use the "H" and "L" screws to get it set correctly.   Those H and L screws are NOT for fixing the indexing! (That's what determines how it falls as you shift.) That's all done by adjusting cables. Fix the limit screws first and see where you are afterwards.
Have you tried the Yellow Bike Project on Webberville Rd? It's staffed by volunteers, has open shop hours for repair, and are generally cheap and reputable. I recommend checking them out.
I've seen it the other way, bass strings on a guitar. It sounded weird, man.
The "G" stands for "Grandma."
Although it's tempting to undo the clasp and ride it like a swing bike, doing so might bend the hinge bolt. That's all I can tell you.
That's...  That's not an Aver's bread stick,  is it?
"Yippie-ki-yay,  Mister Falcon."
Of course!  As does Dr Mario.
If anyone goes drinking around an MRI scanner,  you're screwed.
Does anyone know what "prescription drugs" he was taking? I've gotten drunk while on antidepressants without committing any hate crimes.
U/MGTS has it right. It's not rare, it's not valuable, but it is solid.   It would probably work best with a basket on the front for kittens and flowers, and will work best on sunny spring days cruising to the farmer's market.   It looks like someone has been taking at least a little care of it, but check your brake pads and tires for dry rot. Lube the chain and take off on social rides!
As in "can I sell it for a lot of money?" No, not really. I see them daily on Craigslist for between $75-$125.   As in "should I ride it around town/to school/etc?" Yes. If it works and you like it, ride it.
Pretty sure there's studio rental in Austin (Texas, of course) where you can pay a flat rate per hour and get access to screen burning equipment.   Madeatcraft.com Aspco.org Industryprintshop.com   Hopefully, one of these places is still running.
It's the idea that "a man's home is his castle," sort of. (Might be a bad analogy.) If you are in danger in public, the general consensus is to move to safety first, if possible, before taking more drastic action.  If you are in your own home, where exactly are you supposed to go? You've retreated as far as the law expects. That grants you a more comprehensive right to self-defense, which is still NOT carte-blanche to waste anyone, but allows leeway.
I assume its for the same reason people wear jerseys for sports they don't play.
I read somewhere that's exactly where it came from. It's not in the wikipedia entry, though, and I can't remember where i first saw that nugget of info. I guess it'll stay unsubstantiated... for now.
