Or "clean that spoon and give it back, so i can throw it on the floor again!"
Use your laptop to rip the cd to an .iso file, it makes a copy of the cd.  Then transfer it to your pc.  What version of windows?  Windows 8 can natively mount that iso, so it will look like another drive, like an inserted cd perhaps.  You'll probably have to reinstall fallout, but it will work magnificently.  You could also look for a no cd crack on torrent sites, or just pirate it, because, really, who cares since you've actually purchased it.
Pcs+ r9 290, I think the highest core temp I've seen is about 70 degrees.
Well that's more or less what the 10 he didn't drop said.
"What are you giggling about over there"  "Take a guess"  "...Tiny arm Ned?"
The signs in Colorado call them runaway truck ramps.
They're in Vegas, that word means nothing to them.
Wat?  Mine says 1 hour til the show starts
Say opportunity one more time motherfucker.
No, it will be an upgrade, but it sounds like you can do a clean install if you want.
HOW DOES IT RUN VR DEMOS WITHOUT WIRES, LADY?
Throw some D's on that bitch
Sign said no parking!
Remember hl1?  It had a low violence mode where there was no blood.
I replaced the mount with a delco mount without replacing the bracket, and the old bracket is a different part number.  I can only figure it's a redesign for structural integrity or something.
Oh-ah thank you mistah monkey-san
Someone posted this above: https://youtu.be/I4nmWzt5BsE  There's a lot of blood, and I can't tell if it's from homie getting stabbed, or homie getting clawed.  edit:  I think this is a different incident, the grass is much greener in the other picture.
I guess our governor is fitting then, eh?
Altitudinous.  I'm using that tomorrow.  "Dude, you are *way* too altitudinous to be at work right now"
Whoa, spoiler alert!
All the new ford's are like this.  And that stupid chime, boo-duh-doong, boo-duh-doong
Zombie post, but the highway he was on (I-35) has a concrete barrier in the middle, it's a turnpike that goes from KC, to Topeka, to Wichita, then south toward OKC.
Or a tech pulling the vehicle into a bay to work on it!
What in the sam hill is going on in that sub.
Volume is cranked everywhere, in app, on the external speakers.  I turned the tv speakers back on, and have to turn it up to 75 just to hear anything.
This is a kia sportage, but optima and sonata are the basically the same situation.
Some cars, like Altimas, have a hole in the tensioner.  You turn the tensioner, then you can stick a small screwdriver or Allen wrench through the hole.  It holds the tensioner in place, and you can slide the belt off and on without fighting it.
Oh man, there's like 21 bolts on each valve cover, and they still leak like mad.
Most Kia crap is pretty straight forward.  100x better than trying to work on German stuff!  At least I didn't need a special tool to do brakes on this \*cough* triple square sockets
buuuuuull shiiiiiiiiit  the same thing happened in the 3rd *with* contact, and no flag on clemson.
Or do that little prancing thing to pretend to cover it in grass, then trot away with their nose in the air like they did a good deed.
Yeah, the picture makes it look like, um, 3rd or whatever to home or whatever is 400 feet.
Maybe, we'll see.
It's just like Wooodson's career!
Gonna get sweet on em.  Smoochity smoochy.
Lol, GPD of Kansas was $147 billion in 2014.  Kansas.  You know what we do in Kansas?  Play basketball, and farm.  And we don't even have a pro basketball team.
B-O-O
That little bitty Scion, the iQ, it's too front heavy.  If you don't lift it right to service the vehicle, it can flip over the front when you take the rear wheels off.  They call that turtling.
3llis doing it all!
Our 3 best players tonight: Ellis, Selden, and the cover on OU's basket
Nope, down to 26% now.
3 POINTER!  PER-RY ELLIS!
wtf, unless there was some language we didn't hear, telling a spangler "i'll help my own teammate up" is a T?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXe-zJDZGIE
Oh shit, guys, be quiet when it ends, because y'all like 30 seconds ahead of my stream.
[OVERTIME](https://youtu.be/p-DpGvDGXWA?t=13)
ellis kinda stepped into the defender.
Duder shot one, then it was waived off for some reason, so he thought the second one was going to tie, but it was actually the first shot.
dicky just called mason selden
Holy cow, can you imagine how well rested KU would be going into the tournament if they played in a trash conference like the SEC?  Currently, there are 4 teams higher than UK (the highest ranked SEC team) in kenpom.
