The german issue?
huh?
Don't remember it for the earlier ones but for GTA 5 it's 4 stars.
http://i.imgur.com/S4hTFRz.jpg?1
All day, mate
That is if you assume that everyone gains and losses the exactly same amount of MMR
Haha, nice
Did they win or?
haha
haha, nice
"nearly 11 Million"
Was about to post it, hah
Now kiss
Busy. And I totally care enough to waste time on this. You wanna disprove it then go take the screenshot yourself.
Except I don't care. Lol
http://euw.op.gg/summoner/userName=Team%20Builder  What can I improve?
You misunderstood his question. He's asking if gromp poison will reset cassio E
http://www.lolking.net/guides/343591  This was literally on front page of this sub yesterday  I like playing this build.
I backed off so she flash q ignited.
It was literally the first thing that happened.. ._.
take picture of boobs  ...  take photo of boobs  ...   show photo of boobs  ...  show photo of tits  ...  send photo of tits
Doesn't change anything, lol.
I don't know one.
What about running into the back of fountain if you try to walk top?  How about things like clicking somewhere you are blocked from now and you continue walking once your path is unblocked? ( as in, you spawn, click on your lane and when the fountain wall goes away at 0:15 you start walking there right away )
yeah, and its 5:43
it's 5:43
I gifted 6 random people, do I win?
Oooh, good one.   I'd include things like great reksai/cait/varus/ez Q, etc.
Every 10 seconds a jungler sits in a bush next to a lane, doubled if he is sitting on a ward and doesn't realize.
But what about the "Huni so stupidly op" cirlcejerk?
&gt; Obamas plan to pit the races against eachother  wat
Invasions. the zombies there take forever to kill with melee but a single shot to the head will take them out.
haha
It's all good, was a bit ironic though that you actually did what I was talking about, lol.
Dude, what kinda wine is it, white or red?
i mean price/litre, drink water, lol
What about the one where you hit a sphere with your E and it comes towards you?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zv9v1XpfRv8
Nope.
YUSSSS
Ugh..
Lol. That's hilarious. Thanks for sharing.
YOU MEAN YOU CAN DO THAT WITH ANOTHER GUY?!   WOAH
Bruce Willis was dead the whole time
Are you on EUW?  We should assemble a good team to play Dominion with and just try to win every time, should be fun.
Hah, no thanks :P
Nearly all do, WoW definitely does.
The doctor if is in.   Nurse, clamp. ( nurse, peel? )  I need 80cc's of CC, stat.  It'll only hurt a bit.  Looks like 2 stab wounds and a 3rd degree burn.  Were gonna have to put him down.  Time of death, now. Likely cause of death? Me.  More? .
Netflix
What is your point?
Wut?   You're joking, right?
