Could you expand on your feeling about protection with guns?
Saw this during skirmish. Even a nova bomb wasn't enough to kill the enemies.
http://msmagazine.com/blog/2013/06/12/my-month-with-a-gun-week-one/
How do you play battleship at the range?
Are you serious about 32+ only? Its a level 30 raid.
If you are covered in sand use talcum powder. Put some in your hand then you can brush any sand right off.
I saw the green version just yesterday.   I was confused since I thought people had been using green guns for IB.
He got 80,000 for winning the Belmont Stakes. So it's at least the plus the Triple Crown winnings.   (Although idk if he has to take out some to pay his agent and stuff)
You forgot to put in your gamer tag.
Hey, you got two elements for the price of one.
What was the strategy?
Do you mean exos have a specific human's consciousness in each one or a consciousness designed by humans?  Or did the exos become self aware at some point? All at once or individually.   Damn your post it's got my mind racing.
Planets?
Good thing the Supreme Court sorted that out in 2008.
You can get a legal gun permit if you are rich/famous/well-connected. (For carrying)  Long guns (rifles and shotguns) need to be registered and need a different permit just to keep them in your house/apartment.  Nyc laws are stricter than some f ny state. But NY has really strict (and stupid) laws compared to most other states.
Forget about guns for a minute. If someone tries to punch you and you dodge and punch them back, knocking them out, did you attack them?
I didn't say that.
It changes occasionally. Idk of there's a way to spawn one or the other.
It looks like a salt block. And I think they game is called saltlick
Two cannibal midgets in a fat guys ribcage
I made mine Stable 99.   It's very charismatic.
Was the glitch possible without the swarm grenade hitting anyone?   I read about it but the description of the glitch was a little wonky.
I think it might be a wrench of some kind.   It's a 3 1/4" metal rod. About a 1/4" thick. I think it's steel. On the tip (opposite the keyring) there is a small round ball, sort of like the ones on ratchet socket wrenches to hold the socket in place.
Would that be labeled a negligent discharge?
You're thinking of cops.
Good to know.
Clever clever creature
There's an episode where for some reason the girls go back in time to find the professor at school. He was a jerk who loved mixing chemicals and was kind of an ass.   After an accident, the girls save his life and he's so impressed that he grows up and dedicates his life to try and create girls like the ones who rescued him as a child.
The image was removed. Got another link?
Full
Is there a way to see other submissions to the FO:E pinup contest?
Did you want that to come across in Colin Farrell's *True Detective* character's voice?  That exactly what I imagined.
And regular gun owners
Gun Owners of America, Second Amendment Foundation are two that I can think of off the top of my head.
Never heard of em. But I'll check em out
It's a game of thrones thing
Thanks Hilary.
Would you give an arm and a leg?
Brojob! Brojob! Choo choo!
Remember when CNN was doctoring photos during the Trayvon Martin case to make George Zimmerman looks whiter?
10/10 with rice
Actually there's a bill introduced not too long ago that band a whole bunch of guns.   And before anyone comes in with "well it doesn't ban allll guns"  A gun ban is a ban on guns. That's it.
I always forget
Don't forget to post your gamer tag so people know how to message you.
Thank you! I was waiting for someone to get it
They'll help you figure out which sandwich each candidate is best represented by.
And on US soil
These aren't the droids we're looking for.
I keep hearing gun show loophole but I've never gotten a clear answer as to what it is.   Could you fill me in?  (It's one of those phrases you hear on the news a lot but it seems like it's always assumed people know what it means exactly.)
The puppy is pissing on its own belly or someone is forcing the puppy on its back and pissing on it?  Both sound bad.
