Dude, at least ten teams need to lose to get you guys in.
Based on what I know, Raiders and Chargers. Willingness of at least one of them to switch conferences, the league can force the Rams to switch too, and St. Louis has the only remotely logical stadium plan out of the three cities, which almost forces the owners' hand.
...Are those custom Cowboys jerseys?
Could you go into more detail about why Denver will beat Pittsburgh? I mean, besides Peyton, what's so different about the Broncos' offense between week 15 and the Divisional Round?
I would also like to know what's so different about the Steelers' offense versus the Broncos' defense.
What do you mean by "another team?" Because the only thing I can think of is him building the stadium to sell the operating rights to the Raiders and Chargers with him owning the actual venue to use for concerts and whatnot, plus the shopping area around the stadium, but that's just crazy.
The difference is that Kraft actually *owns* the Patriots. I'm talking about Kroenke selling operating rights to the Raiders and Chargers.
Yes.
Ah, okay.  The question though is if the league will let one owner own the stadium where two other teams play.
But there's a salary cap in the NFL, so assuming every team has the same money to spend, I don't see a problem talent-wise. Of course, it'd probably devalue the Raiders and Chargers by a fair bit, so...
What the hell are you guys referencing?
Who did The Hobbit, and who did The Lord of the Rings?
Really? Wow. What was the difference maker between Hobbit and LOTR then?
Well, I know Hobbit was expanded into at least three movies (Unexpected Journey, Battle of the Five Armies, and I forget what the middle one was called). How much of that was from the books, and how much of that was studio padding?
Desolation of Smaug! That's the second movie!
The Jets had the cap room. What more is there to say?
That doesn't work for the six-team divisions, as a third game against the sixth team would bump the schedule to 83 games, hence the need to remove a game.
I'm just trying to fit 32 teams into 82 games here.
This way the option is there for an Eastern team to move to Seattle if the arena issue there is resolved.
Did we still have Vinateri that year? Or had we already moved on to Gostowski?
Wait, what happened to Chandler Jones?
I know we're not being serious here, but I'm pretty sure Anaheim and Los Angeles fall under the same market.
Dunno about Jerry Jones, but I thought I read somewhere Bob McNair was cool with a San Antonio team?
I was gonna say Doomsday...
Wait, he was in a Batman movie? Which one? Who was he playing?
Oh, is that what happened? I was paying attention to his ball handling and I swear I saw his right foot move.
Well, like I said, it worked itself out in terms of field position. No idea why he caught that ball, though.
About what I figured.
Oh God, there's a movie I haven't heard about in years.
I know Cuba Gooding Jr.'s character botched a coin toss somehow, but I forget the story behind that.
Do they even have Red Lobster in Kansas City? Because I imagine it's hard to get seafood in the Midwest.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is how you do puns.
I wanna say McDaniels is his Count Dooku. Brady is either Maul or Grievous.
You act like the Titans are suddenly gonna move on from Mariota. The Browns literally have their pick of quarterbacks for that reason alone. They'll find someone, be it draft or free agency.
I don't even think Edelman is on Twitter.  Epic fail much?
You're in Gryffindor, what are you complaining about?
...How good is Jacksonville's kicker? I worry they might make a play for Gostowski.
I thought we franchised him last offseason. Did they get a deal done?
Don't you both hate us, though?
Isn't it usually whoever's home that wins?
Plus, you take away that missed PAT, it all comes down to overtime.  ...Which we were winless in all season, but never mind that!
Wait, he actually did that?
Weren't they gonna revisit the alignment after this season anyway?
You know what? Let's keep it simple and go with "Las Vegas Silvers."
I thought the Panthers represented Miami? Are they even in a position to cede territorial rights?
Wait, who did Philadelphia tie seven years ago?
I knew someone was gonna make that joke.
I know Houston and the Colts don't have much of a history, but that rivalry will blow up this season, mark my words.  ...Or at least puff up...
Would the Seattle arena issue even be resolved in five years, though? I mean, if the league promised Seattle a team if the Hurricanes move to Quebec or something...
Would Paul Allen have any interest in purchasing the Canes and moving them to Portland? I mean, he's said if an NHL team takes entertainment dollars from the Trail Blazers he wouldn't want one in Portland. But if he was the owner of said team, wouldn't the money go to him anyway?
