maybe its new uniform for pride. Reused again next year?
You need the right combo
Don't forget [Mr.President](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/07/23/65/072365e9406d458d59988f13b04724c6.jpg)
I am assuming it was season 3.
Outside this sub Porsha seems to be a fan favourite.
More visible than the Great Wall
Boris is definitely in all the seasons.
I hope someone uploads this episode fast.
that wwhl interview was a start.
Lmao does it mean Ken/Katie?
He seems out of his head in his interviews.
Tom 1 because he looked after James before James and Kristen hooked up
Add Kim Field's kids in too.
no wonder it sounded familiar.  Other reality stars have used it too. It's the new "editing" excuse.
The movie was a quick 90mins so I decided to quickly dot down what got my attention:  - Kenya's acting feels alright on its own but when she is playing off someone it seems bad - [Kenya's kissy face was bad](http://i.imgur.com/L68ePli.jpg) - The actor who plays Boris' younger self looks nothing like him and actually looks older than Boris. Boris should have just put on a wig and shaved his stubble. David Banner's younger self looked more credible.  - David Banner loves drawing booty in prison(I have to say his full name for some reason) - asking someone to check their bath water to get them to leave is the weirdest thing I have ever heard - Kenya and Boris live in a very ugly and tacky house - Totally not creepy that David Banner is looking at Kenya in the bathtub - Housekeeper speaks in English and then suddenly *"Me no speak English!"* wtf - TIL going to prison turns you gay - David Banner is one nosy houseguest and really wants to mess Boris' life for payback - Omg he is a monster! Just walking through the glass door to get that bossy housekeeper! - David Banner close your door when you are entertaining strippers! - Yeah David Banner's lady friend rub it into Kenya's face that she can't have children and can't cook - Nice close up of lady friend's tramp stamp at the breakfast table - Took almost an hour before Bai Ling got on the screen! - She is not disappointing! Her crazy orange outfit to her money belt - David Banner's lady friend really loves showing off her boobs whenever Kenya's around - I can't tell who is worse actor. Kenya or David Banner - I like how they had the cards catch on fire in the middle of the table to represent Boris losing - threesome with Kenya! - did Bai Ling forget how much money he owes her?  - these gangsters don't seem to understand street value - [Kenya's totally uncomfortable sex face](http://i.imgur.com/eYKP07W.jpg) - lol the way Boris yelled "DEAD" was almost Arnie like - whats with these weird special effect sequences as metaphors - bye David Banner!
lol it wasn't LVP it was Dorinda!  But LVP definitely embodies that
easily if Katie doesn't wear a crop top wedding dress
Shake that!
maybe they can get into it through you!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
what kind?
lol thats the best reasoning I have ever heard.  I hope they do fat transfers to your boobs.
* It took me a while to realise Stassi was right because her instant dislike of Scheana and her attempts to ostracise her really put me off. We haven't seen anything about Scheana at that point to understand Stassi's dislike other than her history as a mistress.  * I grew to like Stassi for the first 2 seasons. 3rd season she was the worst. * Wasn't Ariana's brother with the guys at the Miami trip? Why would he lie? *
With this group Vegas is a dangerzone. At this moment the worst we know they have done is get ill advised tattoos.
don't forget to stop at the Polo Lounge
Is Nicky the only semi normal one?
idk some celebrities like to confuse things by repeatedly putting their ring on and off
I wonder what Nene's chyron will say. Cynthia's friend?
What will it take for everyone to stop talking?
omg the new gigi controversy?
According to the bakery's website  &gt;At Sweet Lady Jane we break our own eggs, peel our own apples, roll our own pastry, and squeeze our own lemons. We use only the finest imported chocolate, the freshest butter and cream, the highest quality in-season fruit, no mixes (as many bakeries do), and **no preservatives.**
Made me think of this [classic video about the DM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFfWykH05Gw)
Pretty much I guess, otherwise this sub would be a much quieter place.
Easily if they ever get on a professional shoot and they get styled.
ikr  It sucks there is only one source for the livestream.
I chuckled at MJ's flashback!
They are doing a RHONY with 8 housewives.
There seems to be no sign of Kim either.  What has she done to deserve the peach?
Will we get a discussion thread going so we can watch at the same time?
but then I saw there was someone called Ron Jr who was labelled Kenya's brother.   I guess Caleb might be Ron Jrs son.
only in parking lots.
Or it's just not worth a costly lawsuit or don't want to cause the Streisand effect. Interest in what Jim has to say is dwindling away fast.
* The restaurants are big tourist spots thanks to the shows. * The trips the cast members take are fully planned and Lisa acting exasperated at them asking for time off is an act. * When the show isn't filming only one cast member works a token shift at a time as a tourist attraction.
So Tom and Ariana are going to be further ostracised from the group?
James drinking = waterfalling fireball whiskey
Stassi's drug of choice was Adderall
They had blackout sex at that point?
That's true.
LVP sangria and Sav-B are like the show's drink
That's why. We watch this man not wash his hands and make our drinks!!!
