I hate swinging my glaive towards a monster I just caw trip to another source only to hope on its back shortly after.  I physically wince whenever I do this.  But in the time I do notice in time, I let myself gently fall to the floor to begin my ground assault.
Pigs are just regular pigs though? Kelbi are kinda deer-like and in Primal Forest you can see what I always assume to be flamingos flying around some sections.  The alpaca isnt normal because it seems that its actually friendly!
Stand in the frenzy puddles! Got it thanks, Feelers for dayyysss
Oh shit back up your save!  On the srs though, huh?
What way of religion makes it different from humanism?
Oh my.  Well, they're from DLC and they're mini stories with 3 quests each in them. Each feature a small challenge for you to complete.  You first download them. Then you activate them by talking to your house-keeper and selecting the episodic quest line you want to do.  You then activate the quests by talking to a special character that appears in the Gathering hall or Elder Hall.  One that I did included:  1. Deliverying 10 secret stashes  2. Delivering 3 fulgur bugs (using bug net on a tripped zinogre)  3. Killing a Seregios on your caravan at sea (with cannons and ballista if you choose)  The third quest becomes a permanent feature in your event quests which you can do for special items such as palico equipment or a unique monster/fight.  The episode quest I mentioned made me fight 2. an akantor and 3. an ukanlos with a severely reduced time limit.  I managed to solo them both using IG :)
Whats the starting level? I may ask here otherwise jump on mhclan/mhguild place thing
You get a couple of cool extras for the game.  You can enlist help if you need it as they're in the gathering hall. You just have to be the one to initiate it.  You're welcome \^^
Same here, I seem to be dealing with white just fine.
What?  How do they do a quicker lap by changing the angle? 0.0
The Indominus only gets 1 cart though.
So we die. And someone else wakes up as... Us?
Don't know why we need sleep?  I've actually heard that we do know.  It's to wash out or spinal fluid and rid ourselves of all the toxins in our body. Give us time to recuperate our mind and body to prepare for the next session of being awake.
Not all of them though!
10* Brachy might want to have a word with you.
quitt quiee actually
GIF cut short, the dog keeps on walking until it goes out of sight.  Edit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cX7TEZd9EA
Its because he managed to post it 4 times somehow
But whats on and off? Is it 1 when the sperm is working or the valve working. Is it 0 when sperm if off or the valve is open?
90% larger.  Doesn't this actually just mean 1.9x the amount?
Which you have to aim/cast/channel while he runs away with all of his speed buffs.
Wow that Maw passive, so much heals.
I mean, its a cool coincidence but does it have to be so [meme'd](http://niceme.me/)
Kinda sounds like Steraks. Only it lacks the armor component.
Is this similar to what used to happen before the "bug fix"?
You should also post a video showing when Tahms W does go on cooldown after blocking it.
People have answered the question so I will add to it.  Recently there has been news of Exams being moved due to Ramadam. Exams have always been at the same point in the year, whereas Ramadam moved recently for some reason. So everyone's regardless of religion, exams are being moved to a different time to better suit Muslims.
This is the most descriptive answer, if lacking a little formatting.  Option 1: Do anything in a game but only play 1/2 the time you do now.  Option 2: Limited to what the game gives you but play unlimited amount.  On PC, you can MOD games which means add content, add cheats/characters all legally and legitimately within the game. On console, Modding/cheating is very difficult and requires third party software, often voiding warranties, potentially banning you from the online portion of the game or (online completely? Not sure)  In the PC community, /r/pcmasterrace, calls console players peasents as they willfully accept their lower status given to them by the console makers. PC is master race as they have passed the false advertising and crappy hardware of consoles and use PC. PewDiePie is a huge YouTuber and also a PC gamer, thus commenting this while playing the would you rather game.
Shift drag is so weird!
They're run on separate servers and stuff aren't they? Its possible they could just add an image for that patch they play on.
Yea they are on the same deploy, I just wondered how much it would take to add an image Seems like something that can be hotfixed BUT the map is probably all one piece so no hotfix inable
Trundle's Ult used to be 75 Mana? Whats up with that? Some champs used to have 200 Mana cose, trundle was hiding behind his pillar hoping to not get noticed this whole time!
But it failed!
Yep, he can still crit. Having a passive that only gives movement speed on the 4th shot for crit would be silly! (Ekko, Gnar :3)
Looks like seregios trynd with a Ratgalos Gsword. It looks different but also similar
Macarena
But you have 3 dashes. Its not like you're getting 1 jump and they're gone.
Taric incoming.
Doii, my comment was in reference to the "Always"
And then he turns into Dankey Kang when MEGA!
Weird. Cool, just thought I'd clarify :)
When and why was in god we trust added to money?
Sad times, so it doesn't work with roles? TY
\#Tilted
[Woopsies](https://youtu.be/3UjuYtgMDIg?t=59m5s)
How is this a bug? You can clearly see zed being out of range and switching after it impacts.
MONDAY is 1 DAY  TUESDAY is 2 DAYS  WEDNESDAY is when huh what DAYS  THURSDAY is THE THIRD DAY
If that shelf if reliable enough it would be worth swapping around the PC and monitor, plus the leads would still be coming out the back towards the monitor. and save his neck!
This is a huge and great point, probably something that needs responding to, especially now climb-aid is in effect for climbing teirs
My Man!
