you get more shards for doing electric one.
You have to press enter twice for reddit to recognize a new paragraph.
account trading is a thing that happens, so that doesn't mean anything.
not really even reading your posts anymore br0
so mad lol
Who is the dead T3 god next to Saradomin? Never seen that name before
what the fuck are these sliders
&gt;Undead Corporation   YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS BRB  edit: first try rip https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgRlQKKrC-A&amp;feature=youtu.be
Not sure if seri....   Ohhhhhhhhhhhh
Read their username friend
How is it. A meme comment dumbass
Calm down dumbass LOL
Wasnt c score like 99.18 acc? This is pretty close to that.
Ya too bad complaining wont make it stop :(
Ah
It can just become a valid alternative pronunciation due to apparently a large amount of people using it. Languages change.
So how exactly did he cheat in this one? Relax hack or something?
Pm goulet or god of pride and ask them for an invite.
I don't get it.
"Art"
Has to be some glitch
No, you fuck off with your shit. Not everybody has seen everything you cunt.
This isn't /r/funny nigger.
Peppy didnt say "do this and get unbanned".  He said "do this and i will personally review your case", meaning you will have a chance.
Hefin course every time there's a vos
Is tuska wp (75) better than T50 power armor? Assuming boots/chest/legs, for general slayer. (Ironman lols)
Because somewhere along the line it got warped into just meaning "play at disadvantage always"
why is 10.3 on there but not 9.67 ???
Yesssss &lt;3 if you haven't seen it before you gotta watch IOSYS - Usatei 2011 on youtube.
Even if this was a raid, rules 1&amp;2 faggot
Yes.
Yeah, he is clearly from Robonia.
Which is how it will be, is it not?  In any case, 120 will likely be far less than 104m like other skills are since they said the exp curve will be different.
Until they get another place to go.
Yeah that's what i said..
Suddenly Dende!
Eh, not everybody would have seen it otherwise.
A bot performs multistep complex actions. An autoclicker just clicks.  Reread my post. They are *similar*. But not the same.
Ironman
What is that and why should i care
How many stabs was this, and how many do you need for all titles?
Wtf is this item even
Any kind of perfect ___ is impossible for society.
This is a joke right
or just press "L" (assuming you havent binded over it)
Which keeps the blood shards valuable, but the only good drop from rune dragons works the same way.
I assumed the giant had dentures, or something.
+1
No, i was saying your argument is flawed.  I want to be rewarded for doing work. I cant just buy a bunch of flatpacks, therefore, a reward for doing it would be nice.   I can however think of one reason why this is a bad thing to give to ironman only, and its a big one, that i didnt think about until after my original post.
Some guy got two of them within 20 kills
