Yeah but how did you get into that position in the first place?
Right, but while all this shit was going down, they just decide to move into an expensive apartment in one of the most expensive cities in the country?
The road signage trailer has Michigan plates. So it's Michigan.
Again, the road sign there in the first picture, upper left, has Michigan plates.....
Also Thurs-Saturday is a massive [Country on the River](https://countryontheriveriowa.com/) concert lineup.
You seriously need a security consultant (+ audit) and leadership buy-in.  Might be easiest to convince leadership to put up for a complete infosec/physical security audit, and then once they see all of the glaring holes they may be willing to put up the money to fix the problems.
Google it, there's a lot of aftermarket shades out there.   Or for those who don't give a fuck about what other people think, [there's this](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/31H5umO0eRL.jpg).
Explain companies like Tesla.
Ice cream isn't dairy?
That wheat lobby game was strong back then.
Have you heard of /r/keto ?
Two Rivers SRA is good.   Check the Nebraska Game and Parks site for a complete list of all fishing lakes.
Ok, now back to the real world.
Which strangely enough this same system is used in marketing and sales. When you buy any major item there's always the cheap shitty option, then the better option that is 1.6x the price of the cheap option, and then the best option that is 1.8x the price of the cheap option. This works for everything from household appliances to carpet to beds to vehicles. Even french fries at mickey d's.
&gt;The US system kills more people that any war the US is waging right now.  What? Sauce me bro.
Protip: If you don't want your employer seeing it, don't do it on the employer's network.  Bonus protip: Don't meet your weedman in the police parking lot.   Both tips are quite similar.
Do any of you actually research into *why* certain foods ever became subsidized before you open your mouths?
Corn can be a fruit, a vegetable, and/or a grain, depending on it's variety and growth stage; and depending on what part of the plant you are referring to.  Just one example of the arguments for all three.  http://empirezone.blogs.nytimes.com/2007/06/11/corn-vegetable-fruit-or-grain/?_r=0
And something like 80% of more of those "farm subsidies" are for the food stamp program.
Except a hurricane you know it's coming days in advance.
Ok, I didn't know what you were referring to there initially. Yes, you can use DNS as a covert channel.
I look at them like the old eclipse.
What's different about the southeast than the rest of the US that justifies putting a trash can in the bedroom?
Not in the metal can you don't.
dafuq? People have both of them but don't understand them?
Don't forget to simply define for them what an asset is and what a liability is. Such a simple concept.   Asset puts money in your pocket, liability takes money out. Your new Jordans, Xbox One, car. All liabilities.
Nope. Do some real research on how these subsidies came into existence. In addition,  do some research how biofuels are made.   And 80% of farm subsidies go directly to food stamps.
Research how subsidies came to be. They haven't been around forever, so why do we have them now?  Also understand how ethanol is made from corn, and what type of corn is used for it, and what parts of the corn are used for it. What would be done with this corn otherwise? Everything is so much more complex than you appear to understand.   http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/07/10/is-it-time-for-food-stamps-to-come-out-of-the-farm-bill/
My God, totally forgot about that one.
If animals eat the corn, and then we eat the animals, does that count as food?
Which came first, corn as feed, or corn subsidies?   Additionally, we should gain some knowledge on additional reasons to feed corn to cattle. Here in Nebraska, we're proud of our "corn fed beef". Contrary to ignorant belief, cattle are not fed corn their entire lives. Most cattle graze for most of their lives, and are sent to a feed lot to be finished on corn before slaughter. Finishing on corn adds additional marbling, aka flavor, which is exactly what customers want in their beef. In fact, a basic education in the USDA grading system tells us that more marbling results in a higher grade of beef.  It's a win win. Corn is an affordable cattle feed and also results better tasting, higher grade beef. And no, corn as feed isn't "more profitable", because the savings are passed on to the consumer.
Some good templates for some of these are available here: https://www.sans.org/security-resources/policies/  /u/Rehendril
Did I claim driving was a right?  &gt;That reasonable suspicion is driving on a holiday associated with drinking past a certain time through a marked and announced checkpoint on a public road.  Source?  &gt;You should specifically appeal to the 4th Amendment (and still be incorrect)  Is that incorrect? According to what? Michigan Department of State Police v. Sitz? What about Delaware v. Prouse? Basically all they said was the 4th amendment isn't an issue in the Sitz case because drunk driving is a significant problem. That's one of a hell of a slippery slope there. The 4th amendment no longer applies once some type of activity becomes some level of a public problem? In Delaware v Prouse, unlicensed driving isn't as big of a societal problem so now random checkpoints to check for this issue aren't enough to warrant violation the 4th amendment.   &gt;Instead I suppose you could say it's unreasonable to seize someone, even briefly, to see if they're following the rules to which they agreed in order to be licensed to drive on public roads.  Yep, just like Delaware v Prouse determined.
Wait, we're literally giving away guns now?  Where do I sign up?
So why do employees voluntarily do exactly that so often?
Handplanting rows of corn.  Old jobs are replaced and new jobs are created.
Isn't this why we have tax payer supported libraries and free grade school education?
How? The government doesn't let regular guys like /u/Frostiken access NICS to do so. Why isn't Obama giving us NICS access as part of his executive order?
What makes him a sleazeball?
It's still happening now.
Plus the wolves can kill cattle, costing thousands to farmers and ranchers for each livestock that is taken by wolves. I don't see how people are arguing that there's any benefit to introducing more wolves.
What misinformation? Wolves kill deer and livestock and cost farmers and ranchers thousands of dollars while concurrently leaving less deer for hunters.
Can anyone explain why this has so many downvotes?
&gt;Does that include things like concealed-carry  Yes  &gt;and the people that argue that fully automatic weapons should be legal  Haven't seen many people argue for that, but that's not for personal defense or hunting, that's for resistance to tyranny.  &gt;Need some gasoline refined from crude oil? Got a neighbour for that. Need some oil for your engine? Got a neighbour for that. Need some propane for heating? Got a neighbour for that. /s  So edgy.
Look up guys like Colion Noir. If you think the NRA is racist you're misinformed.
Explain why I should spend more money on meat and what concerns I should have with country of origin assuming it passes USDA inspection and is correctly graded?
Who is taking your choice away?
Does the USDA not inspect meat that comes over from China?
Which small towns have gun crime problems regardless of root cause?
Why did congress repeal the law?
