&gt;Never owned a single Apple product.   I knew that was coming as soon as you mentioned Apple.
For those who don't know the list of Gap brands:  * Gap (+Baby Gap, Gap for Her, etc.) * Banana Republic * Old Navy * Athleta * INTERMIX
&gt;if you're thinking gf marital  Whoa. Let's not be hasty here.
Nope that's where you play Russian roulette with one of those T-shirt cannons they use at baseball games.
Person of Interest.  The commercials sucked, but once a friend sat me down to stared watching I was immediately hooked.
To be fair in an actual emergency situation you do want to be naked to ensure optimal transfer of body heat.  This is a treatment for hypothermia, not fever, of course.
&gt; Genesis Khan  She has an invisible touch, auf dein Wohl Mädchen hey Mädchen ho?
Also elasticity indicates a return to the initial shape, whereas plasticity involves permanent deformation of the material.
The 6+ already has a 1080p display.
With music and content and Apple Pay though it's not Apple dragging their feet. Anything that requires negotiations with other companies takes time, probably much more than you realize, and the labels are sometimes totally separate entities in different countries. Banks are even more divided.
Also the mood playlists have not been available on Spotify since "day one". In fact only in the last year or two did they become a standard feature. They were part of a "Spotify App" that got incorporated (presumably by purchase) once Spotify saw that they were popular.
The UK has had a relatively slow and "soft" conversion to metric, in that many Imperial units are still used informally or supplementarily. This is especially true with speeds and distances as well as generally with automobile-related units. Not to mention body weight in stone.
Whose name always sounds like Bashir is saying it in my head.
It discover it contained a listening device?
Non-linear storytelling. A scene five minutes ago in episode time could be 7 days ago in-world, or even in the future, relative to the current scene. The books are also somewhat loose about this. Bran and Jon Snow's near miss happens quite a long way apart in terms of pages between the points of view.
Now they're going to bed   And my stomach is sick   And it's all in my head   But she's touching his   chest    Mr Brightside by the Killers. Such a well done missing rhyme.
Except it does affect 1Password. The 9to5 reporting leaves it a bit ambiguous but other sites including MacRumors explicitly identify 1Password as a vulnerable app.
As of iOS 9 it's assumed they will be, because they're moving to iCloud. At the moment they actually sync via IMAP just like your email, so they're not encrypted except ~~possibly~~ in transit.
It was Lilliana raising zombies though. We decided the first time it was posted (forever ago) that it's probably an MTG reference.
Note I believe this requires a crossover Ethernet cable if you directly connect them. Some newer networking hardware can accommodate this with a standard cable but I don't know if the iMac supports it and the XP machine almost certainly doesn't.
I should clarify everywhere has standardized on this per recommendations from the NHTSA, but as with all things regulatory grandfathering and replace-as-needed mean total compliance can take decades.
Wait a minute…
Implant it next to the jugular or something. Anywhere that's relatively easy and safe to cut into with a scalpel and anesthesia but would be deadly using a field knife or a letter opener.
I'm pretty sure Jim Butcher contributed a decent amount of the in-universe writing for the rulebooks, and he definitely approves of the game because *he* approached Evil Hat to make it after he started getting rights inquiries.  Incidentally, based on that rule my playgroup decided my relatively young wizard character can, with occasional glitches, carry and use one of those 80s mobile phones. Specifically it's a radiation-hardened military model, and it will hex out if he starts slinging combat magic, but for day-to-day stuff he's only a couple decades behind.  He also once managed to use an iPhone for almost 20 seconds before it exploded in a shower of sparks. I rolled really well on control XD
Facebook's TOS doesn't trump iOS settings in any way. If you have access turned off in Privacy in the settings app Facebook doesn't have access. Period.
They've seemingly pulled every app with the flag in it in any way. That includes countless Civil War strategy games, regardless of whether the Confederacy is even playable.  In the real world this would be equivalent to banning the use of the Confederate flag from historical reenactments at Gettysburg, or like the German ban on swastikas in media (something most Americans find an unpalatable level of censorship even if it has good intentions).
It is usually a refurbished item, unless the release was particularly recent or you very recently bought it.  Apple's refurbishment process however means that your replacement has a brand new outer case and was possibly never even actually used to begin with.
I mean that's the USPS for you. If they can deduce where it needs to go they will eventually get it there.
I see the same effect in AlienBlue but I've confirmed via screen shot analysis that it's merely an illusion.
"Quinn, Harley" seems like a bit of a stretch.
Read his username.
Invented them in fact.
Shh it's r/science we are obligated to criticize the sample size of every single post.
It should be very simple to implement on OS X; the issue will be how they handle the fact that a major Mac drawing point for some users is decent OS-level color management. I expect we'll see some sort of indicator involved (menu bar icon maybe? Apple isn't big on those anymore) so creative professionals can be sure they're not accidentally fucking up their color calibration.  I'm not saying it won't happen, just that it will be interesting to see how Apple goes about it.
As long as there were more than enough ticket sales to cover the winning margin the state still comes out ahead. If the return was 15% on a $600,000 investment that means MIT was winning a jackpot of ~$700,000 (I'm assuming the jackpot is set to a "nice" number), so the state only needs to sell an additional $100,000 worth of tickets to break even. Considering the jackpot is calculated so the state comes out ahead regardless of whether there's a winner or not (assuming it's run by intelligent people) that's probably a tiny fraction of the total ticket revenue.
Terrifying question: What does that make Q?
Oh it definitely does affect less mobile users but there is a certain amount of minimum distance where that effect is negligible, i.e. If they can make it the distance from their door to a bus stop an additional couple hundred feet is unlikely to really affect their ability to use transit. You can also intelligently place stops to accommodate larger groups of mobility-challenged riders, like by putting stops immediately outside hospitals or nursing homes instead of way down the block. In those cases the close spacing can be a minor issue compared to the benefits.  What I'm talking about is places like the South Side or parts of Oakland where stops can be less than 200 ft apart in sections. I can think of a particularly egregious example of stop spacing on Highland Ave next to the Home Depot in East Liberty. There are two stops there that are maybe 2.5 bus lengths apart. If you parked one of the articulated busses at the midpoint the front and back doors would reasonably be at each stop.
The first app I'd check is Facebook/Messenger.
&gt;complex maths  &gt;parenthesis and order of operations  TIL PEMDAS is complex mathematics
&gt;draw  Draw*er*. Sorry to pick on you but I've seen this so many times in the last week.
Pittsburgh?
Just FYI Alien Blue doesn't display superscripts so some people will likely read that as "10 to 22 grams per day", as I did the first time.
To expound on the other reply, something you lose with audio over print (Braille or otherwise) is the very important ability to skim.
Is it just me or do the three cars on the vertical part of the T look to be driving on their respective right sides? The one at the intersection even looks like it's mid-right-turn the wrong way onto the motorway.
It might have changed but it's still fantastic as a chaser or a mixer. I definitely recommend better "Mountain Dew" though, whether that means something from Stewart's or Jones' or even just the clear "classic" Mountain Dew that Pepsi sells in glass bottles.
This reminds me of a joke:  &gt;How do you tell the difference between a chemist and a steelworker?  &gt;Make them pronounce "unionized"
Not that I know of, sorry =\
While true in general, hard drive capacities are discrete (and prices don't change a whole lot over time on current-gen drives) and tend to be clustered. One year's capacities don't smoothly transition into the next year's; they're X for so many months until they're suddenly Y.
The toll thing sounds like a physical modification to toll plazas, not an elimination of tolls.
Either you're in a *very* hot biome with no airlocking or there's something wrong with your freezer design. A single cooler should be able to keep a small ice room cold by itself, and two will cover most reasonable freezer sizes.
