&gt; If you had said this from the start then this conversation would have been over.  Check usernames.  &gt; Banning 700,000 Arab Israelis from returning to their homes and properties after the war was over based on their ethnicity was ethnic cleansing. Denying this is insanity.  It wasn't in line with perfect ethics, but the insanity would have been to allow them to return. You can't honestly say that the fledgling nation could have allowed hundreds of thousands of (justifiably) angry Arabs to refill the area between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem. It simply wouldn't have worked.  Israel could have but didn't expel the Arabs and other minority groups that remained in the area. This shows that decisions were made with at least some ethical considerations. In 1948, a time when the French were kicking around the Algerians and the Vietnamese and Stalin was moving ethnic groups around willy-nilly, Israel could have pushed out the minorities. After all, the Arab states were kicking out the Jews and nobody was complaining at the UN.  But there wasn't a genocidal urge in the hearts of Israelis, just a practicality born out of a precarious situation.
There is also unexpected benefits. For example, the completely regular numbers system of Esperanto is the same as the system for Chinese, more or less. Additionally, the concept of having a single, regular change for all tenses is also part of Chinese.  Simply learning about accusatives and all those other fun terms is enough to make Esperanto useful for learning basically any language, from Japanese to Klingon.
&gt; the Ukraine  Just a tiny nitpick, Ukraine no longer is referred to with the definite article.
John Carter, the finest swordsman on two worlds.
Not a Simpsons fan, eh?
Sure it does. A university shouldn't be constricted by the government. Iranian colleges are very much constrained by religion and politics. They can't be called true centers of learning, but rather extensions of the government's control over people's thoughts.
But the government does keep Bahai out of universities and government employment, right?
From the numbers gang's internal justice system...  &gt; At this stage of proceedings, once the accused has been sentenced to death by a majority vote, the "Goliat-one" (man of light) attempts to save the accused's life. He strips off all his own clothes and then runs around naked round the edge of the Twelve Points. While doing so, he lets out a scream in the most haunting voice he can, pleading for mercy.
&gt; What if the king's daughter hates her betrothed?  Spaceballs?
Hadiths are rated in terms of their reliability, and the ratings vary by school of thought. There is even a Koran-only movement slowly growing.
Can I still say "motherfucker"?
People from D.C. also call it D.C.
Obama criticized Bush's invasion of Iraq, but Obama Obombed Libya without the slightest hint of an endgame in mind.
Can someone explain to me all the literary allusions in that post, like the use of the word "retard"?
Booker T Washington was an interesting guy. He argued that black people had to uplift themselves economically. To him, the limited social and political rights were only a manifestation of the lack of economic power. He encouraged blacks to keep their heads down in school and the workforce.  Today, blacks still suffer from social and political prejudice. Despite a black president and other high-profile figures of color, black communities are still often poorer. Is Washington still right?
Are those pickles uncooked?
You have to just go with the crowd, its like with professional wrestling.
Don't you see how they bicker like an old married couple?
Obama was saying in an interview (with Jerry Seinfeld of all people) that world leaders get a bit crazy sometimes, usually for the longer they are in.  Merkel has been in for a long time.
A magician never reveals their secrets.
They haven't "taken" any refugees, the refugees have crossed the border. They are supported by Western aid. Jordan has no desire to give citizenship or care for the refugees in any way other than to let them squat while the UN fronts the bill.
Except Iran really *is* involved in the internal affairs of Syria, Lebanon, Yemen, and Bahrain, as well as Iraq. They've sent trainers, commandos, funds, and arms to all those places to support their aims, usually Shia groups.  Bahrain is certainly a dictatorship, and the Shia majority is repressed by the ruling Sunni elite. This isn't a judgement call, but Iran definitely *is* supporting discord in Bahrain and trying to help the Shia majority oust the current government.
&gt; The accounts of Tacitus and Josephus were quite within the lifetime of people who could refute those accounts.  I don't want to rehash this whole thing, but suffice to say these sources are questionable at best. We don't have original copies, so we don't know if it was Christian scholars adding in their props to their homie after the fact. The Bible itself goes back to one Greek and three Latin copies, neither of which is the language of Jesus or any of the Patriarchs.  &gt; prophecies saying the Christ would come from David's line.  If I'm not mistaken, the Bible records two separate ones. That is ignoring the fact that Joseph isn't Jesus's father. The story of Jesus is powerful, but we can never get away from the fact that the four Gospels *don't* agree.  There isn't strong evidence of Jesus's life from secular sources. As you quoted earlier, there were guys like Simon the Sorcerer doing amazing things, or at least people said he did.  People love having magic in their world.
&gt; FYI only 10% of Iran's GDP is from oil.  I don't know where you get that figure. The majority of Iran's exports is oil and gas. Without it, the economy would collapse. Oil sales is the thing driving the improvements in living standards that you've mentioned, although the rural majority has been left behind.  &gt; Jewish only parking lots  You linked to one parking lot, in the heavily divided and contested Old City of Jerusalem. That ancient city has special religious laws due to the close presence of Muslims, Christians, Jews, and their holy sites.  Are you gonna say England isn't a democracy because the House of Lords reserves seats for Church of England bishops? That sounds worse than one parking lot in an old Synagogue neighborhood.  &gt; participation I the political process due to their ethnicity  Arabs participate in the political process fully, including as elected officials, judges, and generals. Palestinians in the West Bank or Gaza are not citizens of Israel and are represented by the PA and Hamas.
Except in Christchurch, where they don't *skin* the kangaroos...
Letters to the Editor and polite party chatter are two different things.
Never seen Seinfeld? Who *are* these people?
But if it was too late to attack while it was charging, they could have just flew an X-wing into the point of the super laser where the beams align. Then, this technique could have been messaged to the other Rebellions fighting the other Death Stars in the non-American parts of space.
&gt; she's saying that people who do oppose the middle class have smeared her for decades  Who are these people who oppose the middle class?
[I found one](http://www.bh.org.il/shop/souvenirs-from-israel/product/menachem-begin-figure/), but it doesn't seem to be marketed towards children.
Iceland has a little place called Joann's Hammocks. The nice thing about that place is Joann gets in the hammocks with you.
She doesn't control the military, no. She controlled the State Department. After the war was won (as defined by Ghaddafi dying) there was zero post-game plan. That is when the diplomats come in and win the peace, but Clinton had nothing.  No plan before, no action afterwards. The military did their job, Hillary failed to carry the ball into the endzone.  She voted for the Iraq War in the Senate. She cheerleaded the attack on Libya, the drone war accelerated (especially the State Department's CIA drones).  She is consistently on the wrong side of history and has a record of foreign policy blunders in the Senate and Cabinet.
&gt; The French resistance of WWII would be labelled as terrorists in todays parlance.  If I'm not mistaken, the French resistance was fighting the occupying army. As long as they weren't killing civilians, few would call them terrorists.
Well, too bad the Arab states disagree. They are holding a few million Arab refugees as stateless hostages, doomed to languish in Western-funded camps until the day they can flood Israel, punishing Jewish civilians for winning a war that they didn't start over 40 years ago.
Irgun was never popular.  After the establishment of the state and the government's forced disbanding of the Irgun, Begin got involved in politics. He was a fringe politician for decades.  &gt; the founder of Likud  Likud was founded as a consolidation of opposition parties. Begin's party was but one. He remained a small part of a small party after the founding of Likud, which happened decades after Irgun had been disbanded.  &gt; Sharon (Sabra)  Sabra was conducted by Lebanese Christians against Lebanese Muslims. Blaming Jews for Arabs killing Arabs is a broken record.
A few hundred religious extremists?  Yes, Israeli media reported on how shameful that was.  Meanwhile, Palestinian media has Mickey Mouse lookalikes telling kids to kill Jews.
Says the guy who just selectively edited an article to make it seem like Israelis orchestrated an inter-Lebanese conflict.
I read somewhere that on the Quebec French dub of The Simpsons, Principal Skinner and Mayor Quimby speak Parisian French, while everyone else speaks Quebec colloquial.  We?
But don't say that in China.
I don't know where you are getting your information, but please note there is a lot of bias shit out there.  &gt; Britain was supporting them.  Britain was playing both sides. The Balfour Declaration was just an empty promise, especially since similar promises were made to various Arab parties.  &gt; Britain provided money and weapons to Jewish groups  False. The only money and weapons Britain gave to Jews is the ones who volunteered to serve the Allies during the World Wars.  &gt; continued to brutally suppress Palestinian revolts - so much so that Palestinian forces were decimated by the time war came around.  Classic apologetics. The British Mandatory police had their hands full with both the Jews and Arabs. The underground Jewish militias were actively hunted by the Brits, with many Jews imprisoned and some even hung.  What "Palestinian forces" are you even talking about? Palestinian nationalism didn't exist at that time. Perhaps the Arabs of the Mandate were less organized because they expected the Arab armies of their neighbors to do all the work.  &gt; the absolute mountain of supporting Britain gave  Again, nonsense. Did you know that the Brits limited Jewish immigration into the Mandate in the inter-war years. Millions could have been saved from the Holocaust, but Britain bent to Arab pressure to limit Jewish refugees and immigrants.  &gt; Britain was all about disenfranchising one group of people  Again, Britain has always been about playing all sides. Israel wasn't created by outside forces.  You are making excuses, it is pathetic.
Why did Israel give away the Sinai peninsula in exchange for a peace treaty with Egypt?
They tried that. It's called the Oslo Accords.  You can't expect Israel to make peace on its own, with no partner. When Israel has put down its arms, it has been attacked.
It's not deep dish if you use zebra meat.
2 bzy 4 dat.
Reagan was meeting with some working poor folks. He asked at one point "have you thought about moving?"  Out of touch. Like when [Hillary Clinton](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyj5qEy11SU) rode the subway.
Seriously. There is a whole *galaxy* out there. Who misses Alderaan?
You gotta get your ammo at Wal-Mart.
Are you...are you coming on to me?
I visit some of the leftist subs, and even the full on commies (some of whom excuse Stalin or Mao) won't touch DPRK. You might get something like "imperialism pushed them to extremism" but almost no one, even the reddest worker, will say that it is a nice place or a good system.
Bernie Sanders is tirelessly campaigning, while Hillary and the FBI has a lot of explainin' (Hillary has been avoiding the press for months).
