Manteca, bigotes, gigante, pequeño, la cabeza es nieve, cerveza es bueno.
IS THAT A WATER JOKE OR A HYGIENE JOKE? BECAUSE EITHER WAY FUCK YOU BRO
NO YOU HAD IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME
Well he's an Angels fan so I'm sure he'll miss Rodney's blown saves haha
The Bashtros have arrived
Ok......http://i.imgur.com/wF5GwnA.gifv
Well the Bullpen has been a lot worse recently, so our BP ERA is gonna keep climbing if the trend continues.
&gt;Trout is gonna look good in a Yankee uniform in 15 years.  FTFY
Yeah that's true haha
Because one Dodger fans rankings represent all of us haha
I respond to a comment. Again.
You succeed at karma whoring. Again.
Damn I really love that show, I should  go watch it. Again.
Stanton won't even be a FA by 2020. I don't know how they figure on getting him.
I hope you are being sarcastic haha
Cashner or Ross for the last pitching spot maybe?
Saints legend Kevin Williams
That sounds completely fair Lol
http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/f.gif
The Jocpocalapse is upon us
SD just had a blackout
I hear George's answering machine song everytime I see that gif. https://youtu.be/yg-TqEFYcfM
This pretty much sums up what most people think hacking is
Obviously a SS has a harder job, but to go 393 straight games without an error, no matter the position, is impressive as hell. I mean it's an MLB record so it seems like it's not an easy thing to do.
Damn that was savage
Nah you guys are stuck facing them for the next 10+ years :)
He good.
LA is the Boulevard of broken arms
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Dark Horse: AD and Demarcus Cousins.   Both play each other really hard, Cousins seems to have the upper hand when they play but it's entertaining as hell.
Nah that was the Ravens I think. But we were certainly up there.
There's no way this is Hinkie, I didn't see anything about 2nd round picks in this post.
What a shock Lol
He actually predicted he would throw one too IIRC
This is why some people want Robot Umps
Curry had serious injury concerns just a couple years ago. The Warriors would be kicking themselves if they traded him on the premise that "he won't be healthy ever since he has an injury history." Jrue could never miss another game in his career for all we know.
He fell that far because he had to sit out at least a year and there was concern that he wouldn't have same explosiveness that he had in college due to his ACL tear.   Another reason we werent going to take him was that his playing style was seen as similar to AD's, so it made little sense to get him when we desperately needed a good PG to run our offense. Noel was never gonna be a Pelican.
No problem, it is new years eve Lol
He didn't get a chance to play in one last season because he lost a postseason game though
Its actually Greg Olsen
He wasn't the MVP (that was Quaterman) but we don't win this game without him. He was huge on the defensive end and was super efficient. He got a double-double with a perfect 100% FG percentage
We still have pretty competitive teams, we swept the Falcons and almost beat the Panthers twice this year.
Lol look at all our FA signings and draft choices, we have tried really hard and unfortunately for us a lot of them have failed.
Bucs were last in the division, we were 3rd and one game behind the Falcons
Yes....900 million baby!
Cincy is gonna get real ugly now
Eifert makes up for his drop
What? He's had a pretty shitty game today
Yeah I'm sure they would
Its fitting that "Falcons" and "Browner" are the same size and next to each other on the Saints chart since those 2 are the two biggest enemies of the New Orleans
