If anything, they Tennesseed
The Cowboys have been nothing short of outstanding and working with troubled players. They've kept Greg Hardy from getting into any trouble this year, same with Randy Gregory. Dez's biggest problem has been that PETA doesn't like his monkey. If there's one place Johnny can succeed, it's Dallas.
Too busy tweeting
Worked for Tebow
Lynch is from Memphis
Is SEC bias over?
And Oakland
The wee-**duh**
&gt; He never stood  FTFY
Chip might pick up Bradford
Tunsil to the Titans is being mocked by just about everyone
Every time they mention a scrappy gym rat catching the ball for NE
Andy Reid
Not so fast Carson Palmer!
Happy Valley is a good one about the Penn State scandal
Chiefs don't even have a Superbowl lol  Edit: I'm stupid
1000+
Carroo?
As in 25 mil?
Why the hell was Spagnolo starting Landon Collins at FS? Everybody thought he was a coverage liability and only a box safety (which wasn't true) before the draft last year.
Peaches at the peach bowl
Skip Bayless lol
Not Gronk?
Wait, who did you guys hire as your HC again?
We met in the first round two years ago lol
Verne and Gary
They're not kicking an extra point lol
How do you think he grades compared to TJ Yeldon?
LOL What's your favorite pastry NFC Championship game?
Get some good reps for if they need it in the Super Bowl
At least we wont be paying him for two more years lol
The amount of talent you guys have is unbelievable. Chris Harris as a UDFA? Virgil Green in the 7th? CJ Anderson as an UDFA? Crazy.
Plus Phillip Dorset lol
FREE LOBSTER BUFFET WITH EACH TICKET SOLD
You can also get the rights to foreign players who won't be able to play for a few years.
Could be Stephenson too
They took a second mortgage
I mean think about our best players. Blake Griffin punched a guy in the face, CP3 hits people in the crotch, DJ had that whole Dallas fiasco last year, and anyone who remembers JJ Reddick when he was at Duke probably still has some hate left over.
The worst thing is they have a few good young guys, and if they had those picks they could be really dangerous in a few years.
Are there any guys well known as douches who have led their teams to success? I know I've heard Kevin Love is a jerk, but he never led his team to the playoffs. Most guys who lead their teams to greatness are loved by at least their teammates, and even if not they seem to be so passionate about winning that they at least command the respect of their team. LeBron, Curry, Duncan, Kobe, KG, Dirk all fit in one or both of these categories. The only example I can think of is Dwight, and it's been a while since he led his team to the finals.
Stop leaving Draymond open for threes lol
Yes
So the starters can play the whole second half
Tristan Thompson looking like a PG!
He just won Cleveland a title, could get a lifetime extension
Varejao and Ezili both played awful, losing Bogut really hurt
Join CP3 Wade and Melo?
I really doubt LeBron would move unless he could get all his guys. Who knows though, problem is Blake's trade value is so low right now that we wouldn't get the best value for him. We'd probably still be able to get a good PF to replace him and some great bench guys, so I'd be down.
Happened with the Celtics years ago and Kendrick Perkins had to shoot the free throws (Perk's rookie year I think). The other team's coach picks a player to shoot IIRC.
Green just got resigned last year
