We also have skinny cow for ice cream treats!
Me too! So many toppings!
In recipes, big T = tablespoon, little t = teaspoon :)
Same here! No side effects, no babies! Can't say I have the same gas issue though...
Half (okay, maybe three quarters) of a large movie theatre popcorn
Sounds good! Do they taste pumpkin-y?
Great, thanks for the reply! I'll try making them soon!
A nice cup of tea, a big blanket, and cuddles
Looks good! Good luck on your exam!
"It's accrual world"
If you click on their username there's an option to view their diary, unless it's set to private.
Have fun with stats!
Well in that case, congrats!
HAGS
Thanks!
Have a nice bath and a cup of tea.
Tagalog
A good cup of coffee.
Cute! Your sweater looks super comfy!
Cute! The flower filter is super flattering!
As others have said, there probably aren't any interactions. I'm taking Alesse and Lexapro, and neither my doctor nor my pharmacist mentioned any interactions. Besides, since birth control is so common, if your medication wasn't supposed to be taken with birth control, it would probably state that clearly.
Good choice! Enjoy!
I have to head over to Kernels and try this! Sounds amazing!
Have you tried cranberry extract pills? They're usually found near the vitamins.
Those cotton pads will fill ya right up!
Coffee
What toppings do you like to put on it?
Good luck my friend!
If you're dealing with anxiety, you could check out /r/anxiety
As others have said, it's nothing to worry about. Is it possible that your throat is just a little dry? Maybe due to allergies or a slight cold?
What do you like? Fiction? Non-fiction?
Those muffins look delicious!
[Schwarties](http://www.bestofbridge.com/hash-brown-potatoes-schwarties/) is a creamy, cheesy hashbrown casserole. So good!
A nice cup of Valerian root tea. Chamomile and peppermint are good options as well.
You too my friend!
No thanks.
What's the texture like?
Quite often.
I always drink [Mother's Little Helper](https://www.davidstea.com/ca_en/mother-s-little-helper-org) from David's Tea. It's a blend of valerian root, chamomile, and peppermint which I find quite calming.
Comfortable.
A good cup of coffee or tea.
It's probably best to ask the pharmacist. You can probably call the pharmacy if that's easier for you.
Tea is great! Herbal tea comes in all sorts of flavours.
Yeah, most of the medications take from six to eight weeks to reach full effectiveness, but you might notice some effects before that.   Definitely bring those concerns up with your doctor. You can always check again with the pharmacist just to be sure. They tend to know more about medication interactions.
I've gotten into all these recently as well. Agent Carter is next on my list to watch!   If you're interested in reading comics, I'd suggest signing up for Marvel Unlimited. It's kinda like Netflix for comics. They have lists of the most important comics for certain characters and events, so it makes it easy to learn more about them! I'm currently making my way through the Daredevil comics.
I love these [Asian garlic green beans](http://www.thegardengrazer.com/2014/10/asian-garlic-green-beans.html)!
A blonde roast coffee probably has much more caffeine! Just in case you didn't know already (or if anybody else reading didn't know), lighter roasts have more caffeine than darker roasts.
This isn't exactly an academic resource, but I love listening to the Grammar Girl podcasts. They're short and fun to listen to! I've definitely learned a few things over the years.
Her books are great too!
You too my friend!
