I felt the feels
6pm in NYC...what's the problem? Looks normal to me. Every road red with an accident...check.
7) some do, but it's usually more women who will shame other women who are sexual. I don't see it much anymore with the younger crowd.
Someone seems to be trying to make another go at it, even if not the original group.
Same show: Pounding the pussy: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7uxj6vwAb1qciqjmo1_500.png
They'll find the driver. Cases like this get solved. Way too many cameras around and kid dying is high profile.
Instead of a station, how about a planet? Also they could have a funeral with a funeral space barge you can follow for a few jumps till it hits the orbit of the memorial planet. It then shoots the remains to the planet (just like in Star Trek 2).  I think it is okay for a planet, as there are many planets with just (planet 1b, ect) as the name.
Reminds me of the CK Louis joke where the doctor was like  "Yea he probably has a bunch of tumors in his head."
[another love story](http://imgur.com/555hb3D)
I think a lot of the posters in this sub are like: http://imgur.com/gallery/WaZGn
How is it compared to a MKIII?
Are we really sure? It's almost too perfect. Even if not, it's kind of like MisandryMermaid at this point? It is just like fishing in a koi pond, just too easy and there is no need to get the fish out, you just go to the pond to visit the new fish.
You do have to remember that movies take some time to make. Just the actual film shooting was over 70 days. Then there is the prep for the role (he had to get more tan than he normally is, maybe work out to be more buff as he had to appear 'alpha') Then there is post production work (often actors will re-dub their voices for the film or even do reshoots after the main filming is done). Then there is doing the pre-release tour to get the word out (even for a film like this, they need to do the press run and everything)  Basically an A-list high profile movie can take almost a year of work, so even getting the scale fee is money earned.  On top of this, there is no guarantee there is another movie lined up right away. Some actors can get steady work right after every film (Samuel L Jackson). Others will do one movie a year, like Tom Cruise.   Now if you are in a b-role and don't get steady work or really high pay like either of these actors, 60,000 can hold you for a while till you can hopefully get another job. Not to mention that the pay comes without deductions so they need to pay their own benefits and taxes (remember what happened to Wesley Snipes?).
Basically every restaurant I have ever seen on that show was so close to death, it would have taken a miracle to keep it open. Let's face it, we should celebrate the fact that the show has kept ANY restaurant open, even if by accident.  The worst one was the Indian food place with the roaches. It kept me from eating out for a while afterwards.
The fact it was in front of Greg. And Greg's reaction was amazing, just starting as he tried to remove the record stylus from the record.
The comments remind me of the scene in Jaws when the Mayor is talking about the bounty on the shark and Quint scratches the blackboard to get everyone's attention and to remind them that he is the professional and stating how much it will really cost.
But they are not immortal (at least not how we take it). If the gem cracks, they are no longer the gem they were. The shards might live in some fashion, but it's not the same. This is why Garnet was so overcome with horror and grief when she realized that the shards were forced into fusion (also that they were former friends as well, but they are nothing but monstrosities now)  Obviously however they view themselves, they don't understand organic life and most gems probably see it as a nuisance. It was Rose who first realized that humans were something to fight for and might have intelligence.   In terms of reproducing, this is what the Kindergarten was. There is probably something special about Earth (it is rich in organic material maybe) that lets it be good for this, however it is at the cost of the planet which would die out. It is similar to a Virus that reproduces using a host cell, but doesn't understand that it's reproduction, might also be it's destruction. Sugar is very aware of this and it's why the vessels in Kindergarten all look like virus.   So in this case, Gems are like Virus. They are set and very few will ever grow in maturity beyond a dumb virus. Who knows what that means for their society, I guess we will see in future episodes (too bad we don't have future vision)
First thing you should check is the head gasket for leaks. A lot of car parts places will rent it out, but you can buy it for cheap (about 25 or so).
Make sure there is an inconvenient self destruct button that will easily be pressed though. Also make sure whatever it is will help Phineas and Ferb get rid of their latest summer creation before they get busted.
Toy Story 2 and 3.
There is a lot of Nietzsche philosophy in Alan Moore's works. V for Vendetta is one of the darkest books I have ever read in this regard.
Seeing that the CT exchange is the only one to remain profitable, it's not surprising. They actually just got rid of all their own brokers and they will now handle Husky applications while pushing regular applicants to companies like mine (or they can just apply online which is an even bigger disaster).   PS: If you don't want or need subsidies, don't use the exchange, it's just extra red tape. Also use a broker, they are free (paid by the insurance companies) and the costs of the plans will be exactly the same.
Well lots of fucking and sucking of course both strait, gay, bi...threesomes, foursomes, moresomes to start with.  Think of a kink, it gets indulged by someone. I have seen sploshing, piercing, bondage of all sorts. There is a rope place where people just enjoy tying and suspending people. Pet play and age play are standards there. There is some primal type play (think about burning man, but much more highly sexualized than it already is)   Then you just have people walking around naked or in leather, latex, spandex or whatever floats there boat (even the occasional furry, but whatever)
There are a lot of amazing movies in the genre. Some are not really scary, but they have a horror tone to them.
Not here, not in /r/movies like a dumb animal.
Jose Caviezel did die. Jim survived and is continuing to make movies and shows.
in conjunction when he finds the scrapbook and realizes she was still updating it for him.
The credits scene of The Watchmen. It told a lot of the backstory parts of the comic with a great song and great scenes.
Pretty much, Blofeld is supposed to be an ongoing character (like in the original bond films). In this case, he was arrested so it's just a matter of him being broken out of jail and continuing on.
So this is how a horse wears pants. I guess it's settled guys.
"I know" _ Towlie
The Killing Fields. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087553/
It was in the Breakfast Club Soundtrack. Sorry I took it and gave it to  your Nephew.
So Basically it sounds like:, rather than understand Charlie made the show the success it was they decided to be assholes and kill him as the finale?
The problem with these sales is they probably cannot really afford said vacuum and bought it because of high sales pressure.  They would have been fine with a 200 dollar model for a few years .
"are you sure your not a Hobbit?"
Nope, when she got sick, she went to the best American doctors and took the same painkillers we get. That is hypocrisy for you folks.
Just like Aerys Targaryen wanted to do.
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-MiF8_7xJIfY/URbFMoXHTxI/AAAAAAAAAKU/nWMEvEtnFe8/s1600/MaggieGWhyNot.gif
How about honors (listed along with honors from college)?
Something funny in /r/funny, awesome.
Too early to tell, ask again later.
Eggs 8/10  with rice 10/10
I though Uniqlo had them a few years ago again, but alas, no one bought them.
The Abortion is the director's cut..
/r/android ?
close enough.
Cause nothing really matters to meeee....
tacos and movies/tv shows
Number 4 seems to be more for weed. The vial holds keef or ground up weed, the aluminum bat has one end that you pack and you smoke through the other end.
