Damn their continuity
Well then watch Bento. Its about the great quest for Bento and kicking the shit out of other people to get it. Good animation too.
Lets bring up an anime that isnt perverted and still has a badass tank.  Valkyria Chronicles.
The Fifth Element.
Hi Everybody!
How else are we to introduce a prehistoric pathogen into the population?
All you need it 1 map with well placed starting positions and bam, FFA is a thing.  And you dont balance those modes. They are fun, thats it.
Then the way he walked off immediately
USF - rifle focus with medium armor play  Werhmacht - flexible army around rifles or support weapons with medium and heavy armor options  Soviet - flexible army with cheaper rifles and support weapons. Can do a medium armor focus or heavy armor call ins.  OKW - support army with front line base options, quirky vehicles, heaviest armor in the game and assault engineers. Odd assortment of light to heavy options available
Fun part is you can change the average parts up. Now brace yourself as an attractive woman on the internet. This thread invites ruin!
They desert and a dungeon later in a random room you should have to fight them.
And we can recognize that every single nation committed rape, looting, and even murder during ww2. Its a war.  That being said the game is called Company of Heroes not Company of War Crimes.
Oh the murder of all those partisans just didn't happen in your campaign I guess.  Or murdering all of your own people inside their homes with fire.  You must of played a different game.
All infantry models have 80 hp.
And with all these mechanisms in play it was a handful of top governing officials making these decisions but it served to demonize several tens of millions of people who actually did the dirty business of winning World War 2.
Unless you wrecked somewhere below Chile and hit that one band of water that goes all the way around the globe.
Tight community? Half of us here are old players who quit and continue to watch the plane crash and burn. The other half is mixed between people willing to defend the games mistakes and those that point out the mistakes in an ill fated attempt to make the game better. In the end, none of these people agree on anything.
Yeah, you never snapped their neck. This actually happens all the time. Between grunts and specters. And if you shoot one before it kills the other they thank you.  On the flip side, if their team killed you before you snapped their neck they would still be alive.
Or could be on PC which allows for actual good recordings.
Normal paratroopers would just have to go to base to buy bazookas. And they actually arn't that bad at all. Especially with a soviet ally who has mark target. And they are an option for AT, not your only answer. To supplement jacksons you choose them or 57mm. If you invested into a flak HT or a scott, it could be what you need.
Or murdering the Kastark boy with a chain when he escaped. Which led to the Karstarks murdering 2 lannister boys. Which caused Rob to kill the head of the Karstarks. Which led to them taking the majority of Robs outnumbered army home. Which makes him try to ally again with the Freys. Which didnt work out at all.   Rob was actually pretty damn retarded looking back.
GRRM: Bring me the girl and the wookie. Huahuahuah.
That was the shows reasoning just so you know. The book was the cousin. Show was the Karstark boy, which inadvertently leads to the red wedding in the show.
Right now golem cores don't really have anything that differentiates them. The stats used right now are too small. This might change in the future.   That being said the easiest way to get cores is to just grow a ton of wheat, or mine out a bunch of dirt and just let it sit around.  You could have a fenced in farm that only has 1 exit/entrance to spawn golems in. Straw golems are so weak theres almost no threat to even an untrained farmer gnome.   If RoboBob ever changes so that there is a benefit you would just want to collect whatever resource your trying to get a core from and stockpile it and undesignate the stockpile, and just wait. But there's just no reason to do that right now.
Straw :p
Now do the math taking that money from the super bowl stunt and do something with Fifa that had 3 billion viewers.  Become the official manufacturer and sponsor of vevuvelas.
Why are they getting out of the trench?  Fucking dog company man.
They should also get an accuracy bump to at least be on par with conscripts. They have atrocious accuracy values.
I remember there was some stuff in line with single abilities, but there was no way to cleanly chain 2 different abilities. You want to wave attack? Thats all your gonna do. It's been awhile for me too so it's hard to articulate but it seemed locked into one moveset.   Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the shit out of Shadow Warrior.
He said "Take Care".   Thats 2 words! This discrepancy on reddit must be corrected!
Reminded me of the picture on reddit yesterday. I couldn't find the imgur one with everybody, but here's the slide that's relevant.  http://oddstuffmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/athletebodies02.jpg  "Bodybuilders" vs "weightlifters"
Can you describe what makes the mod fun or good?
Should have this dogs face superimposed over the dr who tunnel with the 1963 theme playing.
Roose Bolton.
Dlc or microtransactions are only refunded for valve titles. Suck it up.
Microtransactions or dlc refunds are only available for valve titles.
You.... You do know when the first one came out dont you?  Does your computer run at least windows 3.1 or windows 95? You're good.
Doom Guy, Serious Sam, Wang, and Duke. What a team.
Build one on top :P
Did this happen recently? As its an old school bug but it happens really infrequently.
Its no different from the camp followers of ancient times.  When you marched with 10 or 20 thousand soldiers you also had their families, supply trainers, brothels, gambling halls, and all sorts following the soldiers around.
Welcome to hel-... I mean reddit.
Checking my saves we have:  Outpost Laria - 1 year  The Lonely Tower - 3 years  Malachite Village - 6 years  Arkadia - 7 years  Wateria - 8 years (damn you water mechanics!)  Deep Downs - 40 years  Gnomepire - 42 years  ....  AMA
[Plebian!](http://www.poppowwow.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/tetris.jpg)
Idle paces around. Sitting at a chair you have a "job" of sorts assigned.
Designed to be fun? Look up the Planetside 2 video about nerfing fun. Their reasoning there was "balance" but it made for a far less enjoyable experience.
You posted too much for knowing too little. Pilots get a radar warning before a missile is ever fired. Just look at vietnam pilot reports.
The island is regularly supplied with high class escorts.
About 11 million
While I can't claim to be an end source, as I just used to update the wiki a lot and have more time logged than I like to admit, I can confirm in whatever capacity that is that this is indeed what happened.
