Would buy a beer.
Elaborate on that last part.
That made me laugh more than it should.
Also Ashley is a guys name I've heard.
Asking the important questions...
Serious question. Is eggs and bacon everyday bad? Only using the grease from the bacon to cook everything. No butter or other oils. Salt and pepper to taste. No bread. Just eggs and bacon. Is that still bad diet-wise?
Ok this PS4 joke...I don't get :/
Seriously, how does insurance on a ring work? Can't someone just claim its lost and hide it? Do they get the full cost of the ring back?
What sort of style ?
Well hello there...
Is it free? For android only?
So they don't get bigger when thrown into the lake right? Seems silly to ask but just making sure.
OP PLEASE ANSWER THIS.
How do you think they got naked?
Do you hold your breath for 30 secs too?
&gt; /r/rapingwomen   WTF IS THIS?  The graphics alone on the page is fucking disturbing, are you kidding me????
Smooth.
Those roots!
Unsubscribe.
omfg.....
My cousin did an under cut like that, it was cool for a week then started looking like an overgrown maze. I don't think I could handle the constant upkeep. Looks cool tho.
When you see a doc he will tell you. Reddit can't help.
Are those dreads in her hair? Or just matted?
Wasn't this asked just yesterday or something? :/
What is this airbnb?
She didn't smell anything?
She didn't smell anything?
lmao  pls update.
BWB more like.
Goddamn.
Ew
But the bags aren't reusable are they? And how much per bag?
Go to Park Slope pls.
Are you sure the second one is only photoshop? I didn't think they would go through the trouble of creating a new hairstyle when they could do it before photoshop?
:) I can't wait to see it! Are you going to update the post when it's launched?  RemindMe! 2 hours
It's not.
Brownsville.
Curious what's your current provider?
Pretty much.
What's the easiest / safest place to sleep if someone isn't fussy?
Bruh
Was your bf dealing crack ?
Never heard it so maybe only in your slice of town
Wtf is that. Dude get a kryptonite chain.
This is your work?
Why does it do that? Space bar used to always work for me. Also my Netflix sometimes doesn't pause with space bar, it just makes the window un-maximize. Makes me sad.
Commenting to check later.
Ocean and Ave M, best cheap sushi ever :)
Commenting to check in later. I've wondered this myself.
The Ridiculous 6 on Netflix and Bad Gampa. Haven't laughed that much in a long time.
