that might apply to smaller servers, however big servers like balmung and gilgamesh will still have the problem of hunts being killed by 30 people rather than 8
If there was a way to send it over the internet, I would.
Except Fat Cat would eat all the food laid out.
3 hours for dungeon drops? Thats a cute estimate. 1.5million Gil is also over the top, though I guess that depends on your server but on Balmung you get everything for around 300k last I checked.
A lot of massacres are announced ahead of time, but most of the time they aren't taken seriously. There are a few Youtube channels of now dead shooters where they announced what they were gonna do.
Thordan is a good PLD fight, it's OP in there. Doesn't need to use their "Oh shit" button at all and the DPS isn't bad on PLDs, obviously not as good as DRK or WAR, but still enough to push a bit when needed.  What really got to me was that Royal Authority isn't comboed with Riot Blade(iirc, i'm bad with remembering Skill names, the mp givy back one). It has a higher potency than what it is currently comboed with, making the DPS combo of PLD suboptimal.
He is talking cinematic though. Lore-wise a DRK without restraint and who has given in to the dark side would win.
Mentor system? I heard of the training hall system but I didnt hear of this. Mind explaining it to me?
Fun fact: if you put your fc logo on it, it's on it's right butt cheek.
You don't need any cooldowns until Heavenly Heel. And yeah Shadow Wall and Foresight is the only thing I pop for that.  Next CD on Bladedances. I usually LD and Concalescence  the sword one and use whatever cooldowns are left for the shield one, with good DPS yand good RNG the WAR will have his one downed and it will be a soft Bladedance. Again no CD until next HH. Second one is a baby one since theres nocleave after, Foresight and Shadowskin. Next Heel, big damage Shadow Skin and Shadow Wall. For fourth one LD should be back up, I pop that and them the fight is nearly over, except you enrage but he just spams Ancient Quaga then and it's just a DPS check from there. Hope it helped. Feel free to ask me anything that is unclear.   Also there should be no third Bladedance, you won't meet the DPS check if you get it. Thordan should be around 71-69% at HH. If you get him to 69, he will skip the cleave after HH.
Are you running Thordan with your static? Or are you pugging it? If you are pugging it, I'd recommend setting the ilvl up to 200, while ilvl isnt everything, it does balance out some aspects of people with bad rotations.
Uh you can change that in the settings y'know? Controllers usually have legacy settings, allowing for freer movement.
"fairy new here" i see what you did there, even if it was by accident
Well he literally can't get into thw game if he is still in as3. Otherwise it'd show him as offline or in a part of the world.
Geez calm down. Why the swearing? I read it differently alright? My source may have put it into false proportions, no need to get rude like this.
Probably because Dan, despite having quite a few subs, is still a very niche type of youtuber. Most people that know of him, are people who like him.
South Park predicted it!
how casual do you have to be if you only get 500 esos per day?
And then watch them look for the non-existent scratch.
Yeah but even if she claims to be his girlfriend, legally she has no standing point. If she had been married to him that would have been a different case, but as far as I know 'girlfriends' will only get something if its stated in a will or blood related family is kind enough to give her some.
No, you don't understand. Autocorrect struck again for you.
TRIGGERED
*bent
TRIGGERED HOW DARE YOU ILL LET YOU KNOW BRATLEIGH ONLY GETS BARBIE WRAPPER TO SHOW THE SUPERIORITY OF WOMEN.
Yes, but is he erratic? I must have overread that.
GDI the feels.
Lmao, that genuinely made me burst out laughing in public. Made my day, hope you have a good one.
I'll give you the Kreuzberg one. Bremen article didn't mention anything about refugees, though I might have missed that. The Spiegel article shows some pretty interesting data. Namely most of the people getting low retirement money are women from West Germany. That has a historic background. Women in West Germany oftentimes became SAHMs(which while being accounted for doesn't give as much as actual work time payments), while East Germany women were working most of the time even with kids. It also factors in that again like I said the Generationenvertrag is fucking us over because there are more and more senior citiziens and not enough children,plus senior citiziens were once expected to be in retirement for 10-15 years before dying and making room for new senior citiziens. It's sad, but refugees aren't a factor in this. I completely understand your frustration about this, however we need retirment reform and not refugee hate to change this.
They don't. But as far as I know they have the right to see your ticket. What the guy filming doesn't get is that he entered a contract by purchasing the ticket.
Have you seen the tags he used? He literally used things like 'OrlandoShooting' and 'OrlandoGayClub' as tags.
Buzzfeed stole it earlier from 9gag/reddit. It was a joke until Buzzfeed made it something it wasn't supposed to be.
Can someone explain what I just read?
What do they have against imgur?
Crusades, witch trials, extermination of pagans, take your pick.
Emojii user detected
Not gonna bite.
Have you heard of ifunny? It will alleviate your moos in seconds.
What about us attack helicopter? We are never correctly represented and always shown as being submissive to cis white males. I demand Link be an attack helicooter!
Explain the children crusade to me then. I am sure they were also quite fervously reclaiming land, that is until they all vanished in the name of their religion. Also pot calling kettle black much? Anyway I am done with this endless circlejerk of yours. Have a nice day.
Do keep us updated then.
oh boy
TRIGGERED
All hail immunity cat, our benevolent overlord.
It also should be noted that you might not ear candy thats been unwrapped for years, but a young freshly unwrapped piece of candy sure beats a wrapped one.
Little bit of column A, little bit of column B most likely. Also suggestive camera angle+those shirts.
We got a new potential copy+paste, anyone got the text?
THE NOOKIE
Tyvm.
And stick it up your, yeah!!
True, I see incest puppies in her future.
