yes, the bill mollison designers manual plus edible forest gardens contains more information than every other permaculture book combined. especially for the temperate area you are in
budget? indoor outdoor?
Many people dont realize that ag lease rates are incredibly low and much cheaper than purchasing on payments.
This is like 90% of the native forest in puna district
they had the tubes sitting in open feces right before putting them in the tanks
i dont understand what your saying. please clarify
who is saying 10degrees 100 meter sea level rise?  how did i misrepresent skepticism?
how am i misrepresenting the position of skeptics?
Business as usual gets us 8.5 *Celsius* according to the conservative ipcc. that is MUCH hotter than 10 Fahrenheit
your a silly little troll
What is your budget?
if they took the lower end of the ipcc business as usual scenario they would still be showing major warming
Y did it ruin for U?
( ))IIIIIIIIID ~~~
ANAL TENDIES!?!
WE HAAVE OLD JOKE IN MY MOTHER COUNTRY.   STALIN HAD THE TOP SCIENTISTS MAKE HALF APE HALF HUMAN, THIS IS HOW WE GET GORBECHEV! HHAHAHAAAAHA
saudi arabia has enough foreign exchange reserves to go 4-5 years without even borrowing money.   commodity prices dropping and bubbles popping is hardly a new phenomenon to industrial civilization.
said elliot roger
The ppt makes infinite ammo
there is no limit to the amount of ammo just its effectiveness since pumping too much in makes inflation
how do "irresponsible americans drag you down."
what?
for free with a broken bottle
I dont get what your point is. How is deposing a dictator a short term benefit?
/s
explain.
lol
energetic density problems. to increase social and technological complexity you have to increase net total energy inputs to the system. lets say we took the the number of gigajoules energy into the system and increased it with renewables above fossil depletion rate, you still have the problem of conversion innefficiencies to forms useful to transportation.
and that collapses civilization within a year because..?
Therefore, the RAND report suggests pre-emptive strikes and notes that “perhaps the best strategy for the United States and its allies to thwart a VC deployment would be to target those properties of a VC that would most increase its acceptance, most notably transaction anonymity, security, and availability.”
In many ways the modern economy functions by borrowing to perform everything from the most basic seed purchases to shipping commodities to funding average americans emergency deficit spending consumption. If we had a large enough cascasding financial liquidity crisis it could shut down these credit channels and cause everything to grind to a standstill for a while until a new distribution method was in place. The problem is whether everyone goes batshit and loots all the stores and burns everything down before the new distribution is put in place,in which case we could end up with actual breakdown of the physical systems required which would essentially be a collapse. Would this all happen overnight? NO, not likely. Look how fast the mortgage crisis ran its course in 2007 from the time lehmans became insolvent until it had spread through the financial sector. It takes days just for the information to spread through the system.
people called this during that whole TPP trade thingy
not exactly, last time they printed all the money most of it never entered the economy and thus minimal inflation, the fed pays the banks to not let it go into the general economy currently
Animal agriculture?
just the summary? The whole video was a summary
Explain yourself
Limits to growth -business as usual scenario
grass-finished beef had a favorable human edible feed efficiency ratio whether expressed in terms of energy (1.9 MJ/MJ edible energy in animal product) or protein (0.92 kg/kg edible protein in animal product)  from the study.   the study also doesnt account for many of the negative externalities or unsustainability of grain/soy monocultures.
hanging people
epic funny
3 generations of offspring living in the family group at any time.....the white trash of the monkey kingdom
cool fallacy bro
i know
k
One thing about your argument is that horses economy was based on solar inputs for grass growth and humans mostly solar for food energy and wood for thermal, then we went to coal which is essentially fossilized sunlight with a high energy density, then oil with even higher density. If we end up with net total gigajoules of power decreasing the entire complex system has a state change/collapse so you are putting a lot of faith in us succeeding at fusion which is really about the only energy source that will allow us to maintain rising net gigajoules of energy into the dissipative system that is our economy.   TL:DR The innovation argument wont fuel your prius, so it is just faith in vaporware
i was talking about farmland not inner city housing. Farmland has been in a bubble and now that farm commodities are going down all the people that have been purchasing land to capitalize at the high commodity prices are squeezed to make their land payments. Many will be going on the auction block this year or next.  good luck if your aussie with that commodity export driven economic base
mumble mumble white people going extinct mumble mumble dysgenic mumble mumble r/european
http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bc7dca78-bb9e-11e5-a7cc-280dfe875e28.html?ftcamp=published_links%2Frss%2Fcompanies_banks%2Ffeed%2F%2Fproduct#axzz3xQooiFjb
bio-char-carbon that i was referring to is stable against microbial breakdown for many thousands of years and basically forever when buried
hawaii is already the extinction capital of the world and now the dominant tree species ohia lehua is infected with a lethal fungus and the people are infected with dengue and zika. Kilauea was dumping lava towards the puna towns too.
