OVO 12s are coming out this summer lol
does Mango have an Ali? How to cop bro?
thats a different wallet than what this guy is looking for ^^
those DS bro?
from where did you cop them and what are the flaws on the shoes??
yes!!! espeically with UNHS not being gucci rn... Ali bape hoodies also ples
does he got a size 12??
could u remove that real quik? then its all gucci
any pics fam?
how much were those?
Nope. It has flaws. But is the only batch u can get so scoop it from tao instead it's like 300Y=45$ roughly so u tag that in a haul and u good. But winter is almost over   Btw peep search bar for what the flaws r... I forgot but they r minor is what I remember. Jacket still fresh as fuck
45 is us 11 bro. Ik bc 46 is sz 12
Yeah they go of EU bro. 45=qq
They releasing GR soon tho
Found this a while back was gonna cop but messaged seller and they sold out :((( maybe they back in stock tho
Any bapestas in a 12 plsss
Any kkth tbh such a clean brand
What bigger sizes?? 12?!
They coming out GR soon that's why reps r being made lmao
They r coming out GR soon
No retail are :/  Unfortunately all the reps I've seen are gone now bro I'm sry. I've seen old reviews with em tho
When I say GR I should have said limited GR. It's gonna b like every other hype release and ofc sell out. But these vlone kicks only came out at complexcon as a small sample size. But they coming out for realZ soon apparsn
This a W
Belt please thanks
I opened the image just to enjoy that 😂😂😂
Where did u cop the breds from? Interested to cop
Only till 11 bro... 1:1 repPAIN no bigger sizes
Lmk QC when u get it b
Some clean KITH stuff like with the small logo
Yo the creams better have size 12
+15$ Wu fee? And how's the leather quality? More like 2016 breds or true to SSB retail
Lin has supreme x timbs with minor flaws
Nice bro
W2c ur shirt tho  And that shelf lol
From Lin dude. I forgot price but it kinda high like 70$-90$ I think
AliPay?! Aliexpress cops or his tao store
Get the cheaper batch of the tiger hoodie. Theres only one batch and it's super good only like 200Y also
It's not the one child law anymore they changed it bro
Bruh. Too soon.
Or nexus 5x cases
I saw a rep for a Gucci blazer
Good to know. I thought it was all one batch.
Interested in palace shirt XL
Change country to China then try ordering bud
No OVO reps bro... Only the shit shit shit print ones u can also get on Amazon.  They have the Jordan X OVO hoodie that's 1:1 and pretty good
Try r/repsneakers
Yo how much did all this cost to ship...
WOAH WHERE TO COP
this
gang rape. thank god they didnt make this super cheap else everyone and they mama gonna have it lol
