Went to a wedding earlier this year where the Various Nefarious were playing. Absolutely mind blowing.
Yes. Exactly like that! What is it?
So excited, he's shouting?
No shoes, no service.
Pilot: Ground, this is VH134 request clearance for runway 21.   Ground: Repeat VH1..wwwwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!   Pilot: VH134, I repeat, VH134!   Ground: Roger VH1...wwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Classic Indiana Jones.
Eminent Domain sounds like it will fit the bill too. Recently played it with the Escalation expansion and found it thoroughly enjoyable.  Has the Lead/Follow role selection mechanic with deck building.   It's possible for the engine to be kicked in first turn if you're particularly keen and the strategy you want is evident in the lay of the planets. Otherwise, it's in play by the third turn at the latest. No spatial reasoning required at all.  Turns are quick and there are clear end game conditions. Sometimes it feels too quick, but there are optional ending conditions to increase the game length.
A crossfitter, a vegan and an atheist walk into a bar. All the other patrons left.
Gave it away when she asked him "Are you ready to go?" and he replied "I've been eagerly waiting for it all day!"
The three Rs: redaing, riting and arthitmitc.
1: continued   2: about 3   3: about 3   4: exactly 2 5: no.
Did the box get a trailer all to itself or did it have 50 odd suitcases piled on top of it?
What happens when you're visiting a cold climate city in winter time and you don't want to be cold, but you just need to stand?
You rolled high on the intimidation and persuasion checks with the first encounter. Please, please be careful with the second one. Hit the cops up with the new information.
entering. smells like a scam, tastes like shazaam!
Rest in peace in peace overweight prostitute?
The War Zone by Tim Roth.
Playing Twilight Imperium 3. 12 hours of boardgaming goodness.
Every time I think about being a parent I'm reminded of that science fiction story where an ascendant being helps another being ascend to their level. Then, when the newly ascended asks "what's next?" the first being replies "I don't know.".  Now, if I could only remember what story that was.
Really? I'll have to watch it. Thanks.
Over-pressurization? I understand the concept. Where's the extra air coming from? Is there a chemical oxygen generator on board?
Two copies of Monopoly? He should ebay one of those.  At least, they're out of the way in a place that implies: inconvenient to reach, hardly ever played.
To clarify - the sync speed (which is the speed at which the modem can talk to the DSLAM in the exchange) is a function of the quality of the copper phone line.  Then there's throughput which is a function of congestion and/or rate limiting of the data flowing across the link. (e.g. your ISP has limited backhaul to the exchange, so your throughput is slowed down; the webserver you're downloading from has a crappy connection, so it can't pump data to you as fast as your connection can handle it; your ISP has edge routers which rate limit p2p stuff; ...and so on.)  Are you talking throughput or sync?
Internode used to. Maybe they still do. How far into your degree are you?
I can't think of any off the top of my head, but I'm eager to see if someone comes up with something. There are frog cakes and custard slices, but they're not savoury or "easy" to make at home.
I can imagine the "Litterbox Convention 1973" being negotiated amongst the neighbourhood cats.  Article 1.i: All cats are created equal.   .ii: /u/ThatSquareChick's sandbox is for all.   .iii: There will be no fighting in the sandbox.   .iv: There shall be no spawn camping around the sandbox.   Article 2.i: Muffins is a douchebag.
Also really good as a shibboleth. Worromoroo paints you as an enemy combatant pretty quickly.
Also, look right, then left, then right again when you're on the footpath. If you're behind the wheel, look left, look right, look bike.
If you're in a safe labor seat, it's going to be a long wait.
Unless there's plans to move the part of hendon that's covered by the woodville exchange into the port adelaide service area, my part of hendon's not even on the list.
Which bank does flat exchange fees? BankSA does 3% on transactional accounts.
Or decide you need a variety of taste and start chasing the elusive saisons.
Stegmaier did make Viticulture, which is widely enjoyed. Not sure of what the reception of MERCS: Recon is, which is what one of the designers of Myth released.
Won't they see the routing information as going via the host machine's mac address?
Yar, fair enough.
The odds of surviving a heart attack are shown to increase greatly when someone administers chest compressions. Not even breathing/lung inflations just god damned compressions.
Really?    * tithing    * membership fees    * upkeep of property    * incidental costs associated with social inclusion    Then there are the additional mental costs that are paid with the strain of trying to conform to the moral and social mores dictated by the church.  Don't kid yourself, it may be "free" to attend, but it's not free.
Try it with everything else unplugged. Try running an extension cord from another room (possibly another circuit).  Does the power trip just using the desktop or only when the R9 390 increases power in a 3D game?
Cost is your biggest disadvantage. The PSU is only going to supply 400w, even though it's rated for 750w. This is called overrating.  Future-proofing is you biggest advantage. Upgrade your video card or throw 5 extra HDD in there? The PSU should handle it ok.  Put enough extra stuff in there that it draws 750-800w* and you're gonna get funny operation. Draw over 800w* continuous and you'll produce smoke from the PSU.  (* these are rough figures.)
Ah, so you won't be paintballing either.
Commonly known as a lemon tree in Australia.
Lol, dunno who downvoted me, but such is life.
You call that a Big Wool? Now this is a [Big Wool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Merino).
How much water usage does it account for?
Farmers Union Crows Klub.
This is straight off of /b/
Tax concession if you work outside or in the zone.
You missed the etymological description that the [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Track_ballast) entry gives.  If the OP is interested, [these machines](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ballast_cleaner) are beasts that rip out the ballast underneath, clean it and return it back under the rails as they move over it. There are you tube videos of them in operation.
You wanna go sleepy sleepy?
It has a predominantly green background, typical of circa 1930s paintings.
