No. Entry level starts at 23K. What that actually costs may well end up that much with benefits and such.
Weiters has an assload of service time, if he is healthy he is on the 25 man roster. Period.
Was going to mention that once you go over 20 amps there are a whole lot of different nemas in just the us.
That is correct rounding. 2/3 is .666666666666666666666666666666666.... Well you know. 6 is above 5, rounds up.  1/3 is .333333333  3 is below 5, rounds down.
To be a wife beating utility infielder in the Os roster you need to hit better than .208 .   With Hardy back, and Pierce at least capable of playing 2B, culling the herd was gonna happen sooner or later.
Excommunicated people are by definition already excommunicated. "barred from receiving the Eucharist and from taking an active part in the liturgy" does not bar them from"going to church".
Not really.
Free Reimold
Yes.
Judging by past experience, we would do so after asking permission from the Saudis, then immediately invade a completely unrelated country.
We should thank the Baltimore Sun, for essentially biting down on the warehouse idea and never letting it go. It was originally just one of a few ideas, and they refused to show other designs when discussing the park. We can also thank Janet Marie Smith, Herb Belgrad, Larry Lucchino and William Donald Schaefer, all of whom were smart enough to realize that 45,000 good seats in a beautiful ballpark are better than 65,000 in a new Commiskey clone.
If the Saudi's tell us too.
We need to pack him in bubble wrap for shipping.
Well, it was more like Oliver begging Batman for a little piece of supes.
Six full seasons and an all star game.
Since Andy MacPhail didn't get the job.... Is he a potential replacement for someone who wants to be in Toronto?
We selected a pitcher named Garrett Cleavinger.  Cleavinger pitching to Clevinger is all I ask.
I would like to order a soft liner to JJ, please.
Robo-koufax or Zombi-Koufax?
Tantrum Please.
That bounced on the line.
1
1 Unassisted 3 unassisted.
Stand up.
Hmmmnnn.
No Tommy.
Exhale.
Pitching won. 9 zeros up there.
YESSSSS
Because it doesn’t autocorrect to waters or parades.
Strikeout, DP. NOW.
He'll save every one of us!
Mannnnnny!
Yesss, let your anger flow.
So... Slow runner on first.
Grrrrr.
Hot dog eating hall of fame maybe.
That was one for the highlight reel.
Bring on the Yanks.
Ahhh.
Hail Mt. Saint Josephs high, hail alma maaaater...
Wild pitch stole an RBI from AJ.
Hail Alma Maater... Thy sons are we...
No need to finish the sentence actually.
Steal Home.
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
So. Bud Norriss tonight.
Taxi Squad... who gets the shoe dropped?
Reimold in for davis. Parmallee playing first.
Flaherty!!!!!!!!!
