Exactly what I call it, too.  "Blue people avatar" or "blue avatar."
PULL!
While I appreciate your criticism and opinion, I have one question; what is the legality of posting Wizards' material online?  Games Workshop, for example, is extremely strict about the stats and rules of their games being posted for others to see, and very quickly shuts down any attempt at making them publicly available.    So, would Wizards care if I posted the brown dragon from 4e to use as a reference?
Perhaps it was just described as a "green skin woman alien" or something, and the assumption later on is that she must have been a Twi'lek?  Idk.
Hey /u/ItsADnDMonsterNow, what do you think of my [ancient brown dragon stat block](https://jvhageshii01.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/brown-dragon-stat-block1.jpg)?  Converted it from 4e and tried to put it in line with the other chromatics from 5e.
Just remember that even a contract can be made null and void if it includes clauses that the courts would fine "unreasonable and that no reasonable person will agree to."  It's why you can't stick things like "legally required to sell your first-born child to us" in an iTunes Terms of Agreement.
*1,500 GP, but the point stands.
If the cleric keeps "nearly dying" then perhaps this isn't as terribly unbalanced.  The tank is supposed to tank.  One thing the DM could do it introduce a few monsters that can get rid of the cleric for a turn or two.  Fear him, restrain him, stun him or blind him; whatever needs to be done that just gets the cleric off to the side for a bit.  Then the monsters in question can try to focus on the rest of the party.    On top of that, focus on more lower CR monsters rather than one or two higher CR ones; more bodies means that the PCs have to spread their damage around.  That was the first thing I noticed; all of your examples show the party against one creature; it's natural that it could be burned down quickly because there are four people tearing into it at once.  But if there were three creatures; well now damage has to be spread around a bit; they'll either down one very quickly, leaving the other two to act, or they'll do a bit of damage to all three and you still have three very pissed off whatevers to deal with.
The back scabbard in Shadow of Mordor has a pretty good design that allows the sword to be drawn from the back; the scabbard is really only holding the last couple of inches/half a foot of the sword, so when Talion goes to draw it the sword clears that holder quickly and can be drawn easily.
Down vote, scroll and move on then.
Same.  Oh this will be sweet.
Great guide, but I have a question.   I've been out of the community for years.  Are people putting together huge sprawling adventure maps now for other people to play through?
Step 1: Run up to one of them until it opens and use a rocket, sniper, or whatever whatever you need in order to down it quickly  Step 2: Turn 180 degrees and just run to the end of the area  Step 3: ????  Step 4: Profit  Then just repeat.  I never died from them doing two runs yesterday, and killed them as well.  If you use a sniper and can get your ally to run forward then run back before you kill the shrieker the death blasts might even just dance around near the temple entrance and not even go near you.
That was released September 2013 with the other SM codices.  It's just the 6th Edition SM codex with a Salamander on the front and a special transparent cover instead of the base marine.  It *was* a limited edition run, so I suppose I'm not too angry.
Gotcha.  Thank you.
Tyranids as well, no?  Or did they get some sort of 7th edition change that I haven't yet noticed.
Fair enough.  That's another codex where I got the limited edition.  *sigh* This company.
Well he asked the Internet, ya know?
Black Hammer can fire continuously and literally never stop until the boss is dead (assuming proper aim, the boss doesn't move, etc.).  You never have to reload it.
**Pteranodons!**
Guys, there are two kinds of JP fans.  Let it go.
ಠ_ಠ
That could be neat, yeah.
I see you're playing Destiny.
The CGI and animatronics were so alike that you can't tell them apart.  That's a good thing, but everyone seems to want to ignore that fact so they have something else to complain about.  Because leave it to people on the Internet to complain about something popular.
The CGI and animatronics were so alike that you can't tell them apart.  That's a good thing, but everyone seems to want to ignore that fact so they have something else to complain about.  Because leave it to people on the Internet to complain about something popular.
"Yes, sir."  "Yes, sir."  "No, sir."  "Yes, sir."  "Yes, sir."
Do you get everything from the LE in the CE?
So why didn't everyone else just play water???
Perfect!  Thank you.
&gt; until one day he gives you a driver that fires a ball directly at the hole from the tee, which detonates into 6 balls that all fall into the hole at the same time, and everything's OK.  How many strokes would that be?
Random question; if the ENTIRE inventory got deleted then what happens when there isn't any gear to wear?
Boy or girl?
Yes, I agree.  What I meant isn't that Guardians can't die, but that the Crucible isn't a special place where Ghosts can revive you.  You can be revived from anywhere that isn't a Darkness Zone, and assuming that your Ghost isn't taken/destroyed.
The kids ages are slightly reversed for one (Tim is roughly the same age, I think, but book Lex is younger while she's older in the film).  Their expertise is also thrown around; in the book Tim was the dinosaur AND computer expert.  In the film Lex gets the computer knowledge.  And yes in the book she's useless... as you'd expect a small child to be.
As an aside, my understanding is that it's proper to use an article the *first* time you make reference to the ship in a written work, and then not to use the article after.  I could be mistaken.
Remember; Lynch saw the Snitch first in that final dive, not Krum.  Krum was just able to overtake him in time and catch it before Lynch could.  Arguably, had he not caught the Snitch then Lynch would have, making it an embarrassing 320-10 ending score.    Again, arguably.  Lynch had already faceplanted once, but then did it again.  I wonder if the second hit was because of Krum or his own ineptitude; I suspect that he might have crashed regardless, at which point Krum would have been able to catch the Snitch basically at his leisure.  That's a bit of a gamble; the "smart" choice would have been to let Lynch do what he was doing; Bulgaria would lose regardless and if Lynch *failed* then Krum could potentially pull a win, as you point out.  But this way the team as a whole gets to save a bit more face, which may have been more important to him.  I think he did what he felt he needed to do in the moment.
As in the one in 2014.
Apparently it's all from Pottermore.  Pretty cool, actually.  The Haiti team brought Inferi.  It.... it was bad.  Ginny jinxes Rita in the chest during the finals though... so I guess it evens out.  http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/2014_Quidditch_World_Cup
He'd wig was actually played by a few male snowy owls.  Males are almost purely white while females have a lot of dark banding.
*Quarks*
Based on the fact that the Bible explains that the shepherds were out with their sheep it puts the date closer to late summer/early fall.
Eh.... as one with a biology degree I took an animal behavior class, and Koko was part of one of the lessens.  I have to say, after reading over some of the transcrips of her "conversations" with her trainer I found it extremely, well, not definitive.  Most of the stuff was Koko signing some seemingly random word, and then her trainer "interpreted" that to mean something specific.  And I wasn't sold on it.  Here's an example; part of an AOL transcript.  As I understand people were able to ask questions and Koko's trainer (Dr. Patterson) would interpret her signs for the audience.  HaloMyBaby is the moderator for the chat.  You can read the whole thing [here](http://pubpages.unh.edu/~jel/kokotranscript.html)  &gt;Question: EFRN asks: Would Koko like to have a kitten, a dog, or    another Gorilla as a friend?  &gt;LiveKOKO: dog  &gt;DrPPatrsn: She actually has two dog friends right now one kitty and two gorillas.  &gt;HaloMyBaby: SBM87: ask What are the names of your kittens? (and dogs?)     &gt;LiveKOKO: foot     &gt;DrPPatrsn: Foot isn't the name of your kitty     &gt;HaloMyBaby: Koko, what's the name of your cat?     &gt;LiveKOKO: no     &gt;DrPPatrsn: She just gave some vocalizations there... some soft puffing     &gt;HaloMyBaby: I heard that soft puffing!     &gt;DrPPatrsn: Now shaking her head no.     &gt;Question: Do you like to chat with other people?     &gt;HaloMyBaby: That was from Rulucky!     &gt;LiveKOKO: fine nipple     &gt;DrPPatrsn: Nipple rhymes with people, she doesn't sign people per se, she was trying to do a "sounds like..."  Now, Koko answers one question perfectly reasonably; when asked if she'd like a kitten, dog, or gorilla friend she says dog.  Okay.  But then she very incorrectly answers a question, then apparently refuses to answer, and then Dr. Patterson gives an interpretation of her "fine nipple" response that swings it to something like "these are fine people" or "it's fine to talk to these people" or whatever.  Here's another example.  &gt;HaloMyBaby: How do you feel about Michael?     &gt;LiveKOKO: foot, foot, good     &gt;HaloMyBaby: foot means male, right?     &gt;LiveKOKO: nipple     &gt;DrPPatrsn: Remember that foot=male, right.     &gt;LiveKOKO: good     &gt;DrPPatrsn: She's acting out a little here.     &gt;HaloMyBaby: What about Ndume?     &gt;LiveKOKO: bad     &gt;HaloMyBaby: Oh dear.     &gt;LiveKOKO: toilet     &gt;HaloMyBaby: Uh oh!     &gt;DrPPatrsn: That's her word for bad!     &gt;HaloMyBaby: I thought he was supposed to be her mate! What did he do to you today, Koko?     &gt;DrPPatrsn: I don't know... she doesn't have good things to say about him today.     &gt;LiveKOKO: down     &gt;DrPPatrsn: What did he do today? He did something obnoxious that was obnoxious, but I didn't see what happened. Maybe they had a little tiff.  Again; there's implications here I suppose but it's so not definitive to me.  I don't want to be *that guy* trying to claim that Koko is all a hoax and none of this is real; I think there is *something* there, but certainly when people act like she was a fluent signer and could really speak to us I don't think that's really true at all.
Our penises do the same thing too; it's the reason for the mushroom shape.  Large part of it is also a square peg/round hole thing; lots of species have oddly shaped penises because the females have oddly shaped vaginas.  Keeps the proper genera able to mate and prevents intergenera breeding.
1 of 7 now, no?  James Newton Howard won this year.
Perhaps, but I always looked at it as a Borderlands-type of FPS, which has heavy RPG elements.  That's how I described it to anyone who asked about it.
Valus has ALWAYS had solar burn; I have no idea what people are talking about.  I distinctly remember someone complaining about we almost *never* see anything except solar burn on Valus.
Guys, *there is a version of the expansion that just has TTK in it.*  [*It's what is $40.*](http://www.destinythegame.com/taken-king/wheretobuy)  You get the entire package in the "legendary edition" for $60 now; that's what comes with Destiny, TDB, and HoW.  I don't know if they changed this or what, but it seems like they saw we were pissed that you needed to get the bundle for $40, and so made the $40 bundle just TTK and then made a more expensive bundle for $60.  I think I'm even more insulted.
People either aren't paying attention to that, then, or taking things out of context.  So we *have* had a TTK-alone option the entire time.  That doesn't excuse some other problems, but why hasn't anyone payed attention to that?
Yes, I understand that.  *I'm pissed about that, too.*  But I've also seen a lot of people complaining that there is no way to get TTK alone, which seems false.
