while flying over the bermuda triangle.
Yeup. He was scoring in the AHL at around .6~.8 points per game and then came to Utica and started scoring at a point a game.
I wouldn't be too worried, but obviously try to make a habit out of doing things like washing your hands with soap and don't cover your mouth with your palm when you're coughing, etc
(If you're not from Vancouver) enjoy the city! It's a beautiful one :)
sbisa, bieksa, and our 2nd  /s
weird... I did that but it kept asking me for the card so I ended up putting it in but it didn't charge anything. Whatever
Not BoxeR?
sounds awfully like our team last year, not showing up in the 3rd period
There are some good courses around Northern Washington too! when you have time you should take few days off, and play few rounds at courses around whistler, few around vancouver, and few around Bellingham area!
Ah okay. I didn't know your team's situation in depth. I guess your comment answers it haha
we can make some splash too :(
BB cream iirc.
Ji. Number 10
yes
does anyone have a clip of the supposed non-call penalty? I still havent seen it yet.
Lets score one. In the group stage its (obviously) better to lose 2-1 than 2-0. Lets go Korea!
Oh Interesting. I was wondering why Kwon was doing the salute as she was coming off the pitch. Apparently she serves in the army. Very cool.
thats why the Brazilian mens do the same thing too! TIL
we were talking specifically about Korea, not Portugal.
oh oops my apologies
We are the 99.999%
We supposedly refused to send Schneider to Edmonton for a lot bigger package than New Jersey's, I just dont see how we'd trade Lack for just 33rd just like you said.
I never said anything about that, what i was saying is if we refused to trade potential starting goalie (at the time) to Edmonton,  it wouldn't make sense to trade another one to them now.
Supposedly 7th pick (Nurse), Second round pick, and a top rated prospect.
but he won't be 18 years old anymore when and if he wins Calder!
hell, we could even throw in Sbisa. 2 is always better than 1.
Idk, Blues has 6 numbers retired, LA Kings has 5 numbers retired (they were irrelevant for quite a long time obviously before 2012), Sabres has 7 numbers retired, Capitals has 4 retired and most likely 5 when Ovie retires. I don't think having 6 retired numbers wouldn't be such a bad thing.
Please no bad back passes please!
was that another botched penalty call against Korea?  I didn't get a clear view of the non-call.
great efforts from both sides! wow!   What a save by the Costa Rican keeper.
wtf was that  Another defensive lapse again -.-
jet fuels cant melt steel beams
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL WOO HOO  what a cross and a what a header. Just a beauty.
woah costa rica with a korean-esque mistake.
nice header and a nice block.
oh for fucks sake.
I ordered Marika but she is nowhere to be found :(
they are building a new one for Samsung Lions too. The current one is so small and run down.  Also there's the dome in Seoul that is almost done that Nexen might move into.
Congrats to the LA Kings on winning the 2016 Stanley Cup!
thank you! haha
It's so weird that they'd do stuff like that, in a generation when all the kids grew up watching Japanese anime, such as pokemon or digimon. If i recall correctly, korea slowly started unbanning Japanese media throughout late 90s and early 00s.
and its still 0-0. Wow.  edit: I just realized it's in Saitama too. Honestly thought this game would be like 3-0 by now, especially with how well Japan's been playing, under halilhodzic.
i only watched parts of the game, but the singapore's keeper was just on fire today.
Onodera bike? Why would you get something that is bound to crash and burn?  jk jk
what a header. Game's back on again!
Korea's scored 3 goals this tournament and 2 of them came from really sick headers haha
yes! go korea!
park the bus!
MY FUCKING GOD HOLY SHIT  YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
They got the article right, it clearly says blackhawks won.  Whoever came up with that title clearly couldn't follow up properly.
