Ever try flipping it? As in the recipe, not an egg. Anejo and white port.
Where the fuck is brann?
Could do dobel white reposado and be tight.
No sandlot gif?
And wages have stayed the same since then.
Adjusted for inflation?
Hemp can grow in far more places in the world than just the equator like coconuts.
Found the bee killer.
Dumplings anyone? Dario argento?
Reminds me of that japanther video.  Edit : panther not japanther https://youtu.be/pnP9CjDxRDM
Xanga
Ha
Zing!
Who greenlighted this song haha.
Fisting?
Doubt that dude is making jamon or mortadella.
Andouille
Can somebody overdub a wudos band track over this for me?
Isn't there a study about the more advanced a culture gets the less children they have? Pretty sure I've seen a few Ted talks on it at least.
What no cipollini?
Did I say anything about lyrical content?
Divide and conquer
Nooooo waaaaaay
Miller is Milwaukee
Kind of like beam and suntory. None of these international companies belong to any one nation anymore regardless of headquarters.
Fun note the luxardos are the remains from after they pit them to make luxardo. The luxardo family has owned the same orchard since the 18th century. Probably the same cherries Harry craddock used.
Reminds me of every gas station in my hometown on 9/11.
Alvin Toffler future shock describes this exact thing.
What's to stop foreign nations forming corporations to buy elections?
Lol
Can you even buy a quince anymore?
Playgirl*
Investments imply a return.
This. One word sentences.
Between the buried and me vocalist.
Oklahoma had the ten commandments at our capital til a drunk driver plowed em down.
Tell that to Phil Hartman.
It was in walk like a man.
Tell that to Frasier.
Is there precedent for a scj having dimentia or altzheimers?
Isn't that supposed to be isreal?
This song.
What is it
Caligula was tight too.
You forgot to pinch your nose bridge every four seconds.
Pics
Yeah, he plays a character in that episode.
Same with Kevin's dad on wonder years
Every thread. Really?
The dude that started it owned a restaurant called the chili bowl a long time ago. Just a huge racing fan that was like fuck it lets do our own loud as fuck Mario kart without the bananas.
