No trouble with its water resistance?? That seems like a bit of a dangerous trip for an Apple watch.
Have you personally tested this? Because that's good to know... if it's true haha.   Doesn't say that on the website.
I don't see it... what are you referring to?
Rothschild is back now...
They are the reason for all the US interest in Syria right now, so you should probably care.
Therizinosaurus, also known as a Deathclaw.
Just look at all that asbestos on the piping.
Can you provide an example of some videos that you consider "CGI fakery"? I too am genuinely curious.
He said "front page"...
Someone should let B.O.B know that.
Shooter 1: "Great idea. I'll check Facebook."
Executive orders.
Too true, sir.
Well what's your explanation for Göbekli Tepe?  Edit: Feel free to respond whenever, I don't feel like getting into a discussion right now either.
Where did you see that it was an automatic weapon? I've been trying to find out if it was or not.
Apparently, everyone in Orlando still uses flip phones? I mean, come on, the most basic phones now have better cameras than what these videos show. Nobody with an iPhone got any footage??
That's pretty cool actually, what app do you use?
Excuse me?
Investigative reporter Gary Webb was shot twice in the head, they ruled his death a suicide.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Webb
You're damn right!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nayirah_(testimony)
Superstation95 again? Who are they?? And how reliable are they?
What if he called 911 to say that the FBI was trying to frame him for killing people and that he knew they were going to kill him...
Did you even attempt to read any of the links I provided?
Yes, everything in the calls except things like private information of the caller (name, address, etc.)  http://www.miamiherald.com/news/state/florida/article83831332.html
Everything is in the FBI's jurisdiction if they want it to be. The case gets taken out of the hands of city/state police once the feds step in and deem something a federal matter.   That's how they are able to control the information from all of the "situations" that they involve themselves in.
"Mr. Bush, you don't live there anymore..."
http://www.dictionary.com/browse/patsy
Wow, ok now I'm starting to see what you mean. Before I was confused by the same thing as u/marko34.   Is there proof that Comet is now using the part attached to it?
Link is no longer there anyway.
No, I don't need to meet him in person or get a DNA test... just see him sign something with his PGP key. It's actually an extremely simple request (which is why JA did it in the first place).   Have you seen the video of the technology that can manipulate YouTube videos live as they played and make it look like the speaker was saying different words? Too lazy to find it, but I gave you enough to google it. Shit is pretty scary. Even scarier when you consider if they allowed us to even know about that technology, how good are they now?
PGP key.
Captain Crunch?
That seems to be because you are already informed enough to be suspicious of an event like this. To everyone else still asleep to what our gov/TPTB are capable of, this looks way worse.  Also, the racist comments I was referring to was on Facebook, more so than reddit. The flood of hate and racism that filled every post on the girl's FB page was ridiculous. Almost to the point that it looked orchestrated.
This is directly off of wikileaks.org when you click "Submit":  &gt;wlupld3ptjvsgwqw.onion  &gt;Copy this address into your Tor browser. Advanced users, if they wish, can also add a further layer of encryption to their submission using our public PGP key.  Still totally in use. I read an interesting theory that this whole anti-PGP angle was a narrative pushed by TPTB, in order to keep wikileaks operational as a honeypot. If they don't have Julian's private key, they still wouldn't be able to open any files that are submitted to WL in the future. Would make sense for whoever is in control of WL at the moment to dissuade future leakers from using PGP.
By releasing his private PGP, it would be easily verifiable as the correct and functional PGP key for Wikileaks with available PGP tools. Then they could immediately change it to a new key.   Obviously this hasn't been done in the past, because that would be a worst case scenario, which Assange has referenced in the past.  &gt;Stop reading headlines and start researching.  I recommend you do the same.
Still seems to me like the having them dig the hole and shooting them method would be way more cost effective than the gas chambers would have been.    Imagine how much more time and manpower it would have taken just to empty the bodies out of the gas chambers after every round of gassing. Now you've got to transport the bodies and still either bury them or cremate them.   It's also surprising to hear that Zyklon B was significantly cheaper enough than bullets to prompt them to switch their mass genocide tactics completely.    Now, if you had said bullets were more scarce/valued/demanded in Germany towards the end of the war (at a time when virtually all of their supply lines had been sabotaged and the entire country, SS included, were starving), that would have made much more sense.  Edit: Spelling
Could you please, as rationally and calmly as possible, give me any evidence that supports the idea that Trump is "far worse" than Hitler? Or even comparable to Hitler's level of evil?
Couldn't have said it better myself.
Interesting, I didn't realize it was a myth. I know that they had many Jewish "guards", some of whom treated the prisoners almost worse than the German soldiers. Talk about fucked up! Really does go to show you:  &gt;Never underestimate the human drive to survive.  Great quote.
What I want to know is where did the thumbnail picture for this post come from? The picture shows (what I assumed was some kind of "art display") what looks like a "kill room" with plastic covering the walls, blood splattered everywhere, and body parts on the table next to a knife.   Every video posted in the comments as "mirrors" just link to videos that are old and have been seen before. Does anyone have any information on the actual video that was originally posted here with that thumbnail picture in it?
Then please explain to me what you are seeing, because I must be missing something.
You should try smoking weed. I hear it's great for treating paranoia.   Edit: /s
I want to say I saw it somewhere on r/conspiracy, but I can't remember. I'll see if I can find it.
Must have hit the front page. You can usually tell once all the gold starts flying around.
It happens often whenever we hit the FP. They'll go away eventually. Just try not to feed them.
Pics or it didn't happen.
Happy cake day, sir.
&gt;people on this ~~sub~~ thread  FTFY. The good regulars of this sub are not about that Cold War life, just the trolls that have invaded since hitting the FP
You clearly don't come here very often. Posts are flaired like that regularly, for posts involving both sides of the isle.   It was flaired "unverified allegations" because that's literally what it said in the article. Can't speak to the political motive of the mod that did it, but it's not like he was necessarily wrong for doing so.
