Twist and Shout - Beatles
"Who was your favorite teacher?"
Toby from The Office.
Joe Pesci - Goodfellas
One of the Flanders boys?
That's called "Vaguebooking."  A cry for attention.
That's the little wet spot.
President Bush vomiting on the Prime Minister of Japan.
There was an undertaker in southern USA that was raided, and hundreds of bodies that should have been cremated were thrown out in the woods behind his business.  It was a shocking story, but it broke on or about 9/8/01 - and was hugely overshadowed a few days later.
Tobias Funke?
Drinking the milk of other species, after we're done weaning.  We're the only mammal on Earth that does this.  A subway rat would find it disgusting.
If you wanted to quit smoking, but still stick something in your mouth - your choice was lollipops or toothpicks.    Thank you inventor of the e-cig!
Switching to high beam headlights.    The switch used to be on the floor.  It was easy to use, and hard to hit by mistake.  The turn signal lever did not need this additional function.
That was around when they started changing.  Mid 70's and earlier were all on the floor that I saw.
Van Dyke?...Clark?...Nixon?   None of them?
Donuts!
Nuclear fission, even in the simplest of terms.
It's not just pinup girls showing side-boob anymore.
And even the very best have to endure a lot of bad sets in order to come up with the polished one you saw on HBO.  It's constant trial and error.  The pain of jokes, or even an entire set falling flat is something few people could handle.
Can I have your name....address....phone number....blood type.....  Radio Shack never got any of that out of me!
So true.  There were only about 5 websites up at the beginning of the decade.
Continue the fight after being shot in the shoulder.
Scott's Tots.
Hazel Wassername on 30Rock.  She seemed like an unnecessary character being jammed into the show, and then I realized that's what the character was doing on TGS.  Putting herself in the middle of everything.
Latrina.
The health benefits of Shakeology, and the financial freedom attained  by selling it to your friends.
Is strawberries and whipped cream healthy?
Bed bugs.    They don't play fair, like mosquitoes.  They know when a human is sleeping by their breathing pattern, and that's when the feast begins.  But first they inject you with a numbing agent, so you'll never catch them in the act.  The itching begins long after they're gone on a full belly.
The Twizzlers keep the kid employed.  The typical theater breaks even on ticket sales, at best.  Every film they commit to is a gamble, and they lose money as often as earn it.  The concessions is their profit, that goes to more places than the owner's pocket.
And wave yellow towels at football games.
Virus Attached
I saw Daniel Tosh call out the "woo girl" right at the beginning of his stand-up.  "That girl who just yelled woo the loudest?  The guy who brought you wishes he could stick a grenade up your ass and blow you up."
Is that you Pee Wee?
Stopping right inside the entrance.  "Hmm...which way should I go....hmmm."
They never prosecuted because all they had was he said/she said evidence.
The worst that can happen is you go crashing down in a ball of flaming aluminum and seat cushions.
A witness to Abraham Lincoln's assassination was a contestant on a TV game show.
Samuel Seymour was a 5-year-old in the audience at Ford's Theater that night.  In 1956, he appeared on the show,  "I've Got A Secret."
Dezeeze.  Ayds.  Kanser.  Leprissy.  Skervee.
The national anthem to the country you're in.
I just learned the other day that Orville Wright was still alive when the atom bomb was dropped.  I wonder about his thoughts on that.
Any time I see a parent lose their temper over youth sports.  I've seen a father take a swing at a coach over a rule he didn't agree with in a basketball game for 5-year-olds.  In every case, the child is never upset or hardly even cares.  It's the parent who goes ballistic.
President Eisenhower has midway through his term, and nobody had ever heard the song "Mack the Knife" yet.
Trench coats to school, ruined by Harris and Klebold.
Telling a lie.
Oy vey.
If you're uncomfortable making a phone call, write down what you want to say.  Either hot points, or even sentences you read word for word.  What you're afraid is a lapse in your thoughts and an uncomfortable silence, and a cheat sheet prevents that from happening.
The most disturbing scene in the film ended up getting cut out, because test audiences found it just too sad.   It was Dorothy singing a reprise of Over the Rainbow, but while imprisoned in the witch's tower.
Minors who address adults as Mr/Mrs/Ms until they're told a first name is okay.
Raising children.
