You're misunderstanding the point.  The concept the OP is trying to get across is that, while controlling the points is important, so is your overall KD.  Lots of newbies to Destiny PvP try and play it like you can with CoD, where you can play towards the objective only and win.  Your opponents can all have 100:1 KDs but it doesn't mean shit if you somehow plant the bomb and they don't diffuse it.  But control?  You run and run, dying and just trying to get into the control point; that's a huge effing deal.  Sure, the other team may get less points per kill, but you're giving them a ton of free ones.  Also, did you even read this paragraph?  Like, at all?  Because right now it looks like you were too lazy to even put forth a modicum of effort before calling the OP an idiot.  **Its important to capture points, but its more important to kill the opponent first. I see too many people so obsessed with capping that they sacrifice themselves for it, and most times its a fruitless endeavor. Dont solo cap if they are rushing your position, those capture points are not strategic offensive locations, most have a variety of angles to assault to kill someone in that zone. Find an advantageous position, eliminate the threat, and attempt to recapture then.**  Tl;dr Critical reading needs to be taught in school again.
That's some more great advice for solo players!  If you can't communicate, it's definitely better to try and stay at least somewhat together so you can better help the team and they can help cover you.  That being said....sometimes you just gotta Leroy Jenkins the shit out of them :)
That guy must be in a different crucible than we are, because if it's not a Thorn going up my pooter, it's Hawkmoon.
And the award for biggest cock on the internet goes too.....
The Taken King is Pythagoras and he is ready to fuck shit up.
Whether or not that exact scenario comes up is irrelevant.  What's pertinent is that the two situations are completely different.    But, if that's what you're hung up on feel free to change Takeda to any other hero and the level you want them to increase to into another number that you feel is feasible.  Then, if you still can't see a distinction between this UI proposal and the existing ones, we can try another example.
Seems pertinent.
Psssst....  1. The strike was never level 28, it's always been 26. * That's not how level advantages work, at least not for players. * Just because you waited 1.5 weeks to complete that one step so your friends could get online and help doesn't make it the worst portion.  The step that takes the longest to actually complete (from when you choose to start it), is more dependent on the variance of the game state and your team, and where you can obtain negative progress is probably slightly more worse.     The PvE isn't a big deal, though perhaps that part shouldn't exist for people who need to be carried.  Maybe the level 26 requirement was too much.  I used an alt and got it done within about 40 minutes.
I keep trying to get skanks to drop them for me but it seems like the drop rate is pretty low.  I can catch something blue or green (and sometimes purple) from them....but I'm really not so sure I want to  &gt;.&lt;  Edit:  Grammar is tough with homonyms.
The fuck did I just read?
Ok, so now let's say that you go to the heavy ammo, and the box is empty all the time, but Alpha still gets 3 rockets.  See what I'm getting at here?  Wouldn't it feel better if you could at least get 1 rocket instead of always an empty box?
From what I've read, it's only available through the collector's edition, which includes a physical copy of Destiny plus the DLC we've had come out so far.  If you want only the new content (excluding stuff like shaders, +xp items, and emotes), you can get away with only buying the VIP version, which is like $40 less.  So it kind of feels and seems like the only way to get the extras is to pay the extra dollars, and it's kinda lame for something that is basically just cosmetic.
Saw someone running around on top of the vaults a few days ago and was wondering how they got up there...good to know the secret!
Sounds like the story will make about as much sense if you play the levels as if you don't :)
I thought we were supposed to upvote posts that people say are going to get them downvoted!    Man, I'm so confused with how this karma stuff works
Bastion.  We used to get it in the regular map rotation but it (along with First Light) was removed from the playlist.
You used italics! DOWNVOTE AND COMPLAIN! REVERSE DIRECTION!  DOWNVOTE AND COMPLAIN AGAIN!
Given you posted the same dumbass comment twice, I thought you'd be a bigger fan of farming.
That am correct.  Well, it was patched first at least, I don't know which was discovered first.
Yea, because that was soooooo relevant to what the post was about.
Cap the third point and start flipping spawns instead of holding two?  Sounds pretty not so smart.  Edit:  I had the word "holding" misspelled for 14 hours in this post and no one called me out on it?  For shame internet :)
&gt;So if everyone who does an activity gets it..thennn it wont really be exclusive right?   It doesnt all have to be a dick measuring contest
I'm assuming he meant the final perk on Fist of Havok; like quiver/vanish/fireborn.
And what about crucible bubble train?  Because they are always just charging each other and always popping large orbs....
Neato.
Are you drunk?
Would you accept a 308 'lock?  Been through Golg on hm but no further
Oryx challenge ended about 15 minutes ago unfortunately.
1 spot remaining.
&gt;The gaze holder stands on the boxes on the left drops the orb and then takes Golgoroths gaze.
Garlow112 308 lock
Garlow112.  308 warlock but he has gone through golgy on hm and know warpriest challenge
Uhhhhhhhh, it wasn't his own queen that he murdered....
Your best bet would be to look and see if an online retailer like Amazon has any digital copies.  Wouldn't expect too much though.
Perdverts fo' lyfe.
Or you could use Fireteams and CrucibleSherpas on reddit.  Or the 100.io.  Or DestinyClanFinder.  Or any of the other LFG sites.
Then do exactly what Deej recommended and don't play it.  Problem solved.
Not that it is really pertinent to your point, but we do have a true objective-only mode in Zone Control.  Definitely hope it never ever sees the IB light of day
Pssssttttt...this is from the devs.....
Challenge optional.  We'll see how the team is feeling when we get to golgy
On the jumping ahips if you and your buddy want to join.  Garlow112
Garlow112 warlock
Garlow112 titan or hunter
Garlow112 334 hunter or titan
That would work... If exotic bounties hadn't been removed from the game about 10 months ago....
Garlow112 334 lock
Garlow112 334 hunter
But the dictionary defines the words that provide the titles that make the acronym, so isn't the dictionary really at fault?  And the copy editor reviews the definitions set down in the dictionary to establish the words that constitute the title that leads to the acronym, so shouldn't you be pestering that person directly?  And since their job is just to take words that have become part of normal lexicon and codify them, wouldn't it be more reasonable to blame the community as a whole?  And since the community takes words from pop-culture and turn them into our normal vernacular (like "Google" or "D'Oh!"), doesn't the blame really land on the shoulders of the individual who originally conceptualized the word and the meaning(s) it would entail?   Or could it be that it's really people who can't use context clues who are to blame for any confusion?
Garlow112 titan 335
Garlow112 titan
