dude.. wtf are u saying
not sure if i have seen this in a movie, or i will soon..
suit up ted
tl;dr, why is tasting dog urine nsfw?
i guess they arent really close.
it was taken down? so no more multi-soloq?
dom prevented dat 5th dragon tho dude, dont be that guy
so, i heard plp wanted shorter games...
so, i heard plp wanted shorter games...
link to the vod? :D if there is any
no
this guy knows
she did otsu in gintama too
there are characters that stopped being used, like otsu and that purple prince (hata?) because those werent funny enough
watch the azumi movies, u will learn what happens to most students :D
ayyyy
so? u have those.. hmm how do ppl call those volumen adjusting buttons? hmmm
fear? terror? go watch penny dreadful :3, thats an amazing show
awesome
why the swearing dude? calm down
its funny when everyone stays there like "huh, what do we do now?"
gotta leave.
proven point?
probably lol.
pardon my ignorance, is there a huge diference between c++ and c#?
amumu?
... yeah, we wouldnt like to have things like MYM, or things like the whole renegades/badawi, or something like chinesse teams dramafests, shall i continue?
well.. how many ultimate skins are out there? not like there are a ton. the ones they have should be the bests
are u saying that element owners didnt get any money and were forced to sell?
they cant do that..
Cool :3
the good ones?
omg this!
no :&gt;
have an upvote for playing this underrated gem
wow, whats the problem with u
almost everyone lol.
that suicide mission, many ppl cheat the game by reloading after a companion dies somehow, carrying on with ur initial choices is the best.
go play life is strange then
we are gonna do it reddit?
lol
thats from a sit com..
Wait till chi master event that will probably be helpful
some reference to that will be on the movie, mark my words.
aww man :(
read the name of that user
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSPOILERS
there were games that lasted less than 30 mins.
let me quote something for you. promote: 2. To contribute to the progress or growth of. or 4 To attempt to sell or popularize by advertising or publicity. here, have a source http://www.thefreedictionary.com/promoting
U do understand that teams can still have imports right? just not 5 imports after 2 years..
