I never start.  Venetians will settle for nothing.
It looks like you'll be fine without all of the documents, but it will set you back 130,000 Won.  Source: [Waygook.org](http://www.waygook.org/index.php?topic=73456.0)
You again!
Hey, at least you fixed it. And don't worry, one could easily make a part-time job of telling the internet that Marshall Law is a Tekken character, not the existence of a police state.
Are you pulling my leg?
Speights nailed him in the back / back of the neck at the end of the play. Not good at all.
The thirteenth colony...
SO! SAY! WE! ALL!  ...so. Say. We all.
Hey, maybe Daniel Bryan can lose a title to Roman Reigns in five seconds at a Wrestlemania. That seemed to go over really well the last time it happened.  EDIT: A letter
Nikola Tesla puts in a shocking performance tonight
The last time there was an obvious great idea to build towards at Mania, Daniel Bryan lost his title to Sheamus in ten seconds.
HAAAAAAAAAAANDS UP  We may be having a bloody rough season, but damn if we didn't just join the "We Beat GSW Club," the NBA's most exclusive club atm.  Holy damn.
The way his eyes go dead when you put a mic in front of him  Like no one else on Earth
I miss Regicide from Civ3... your leader is represented as a unit. When that unit dies, you lose.
Any chance Ty may end up in BKN or PHX to help with injury woes at PG?
If you have Wall, you may not need Sloan...
Depends on your league, mate. Assists are hard to come by, so many people may not overinvest in it, preferring to take something that's a bit easier to win like FT%. He also didn't mention whether or not he had other PGs... even low-key guys like Teague can chip in enough assists to turn the tide in the right environment.
What if there's something in your city (hero, improvement, etc) that gives bonuses to anomalies? Do those still apply if there's a district on it?
Asking the important, relevant questions...
This sentiment can only be expressed in capslock.
I see you've not met SgtDowns before.
Chrono Trigger
"Rutabega" works well, too.
Fun fact: pro wrestling companies put mics under the mat to catch the slam noises when broadcasting live. The things people do for sound!
Had Covington and Crowder playing today. 10 3pm.. no mercy.
Sledge. 4k dps and +mov speed on a weapon is a beautiful thing.
This is going to depend on what's going on with Nance. Any reason he  got DNP'd? Can anyone familiar with the situation chime in?
So salt
Today's headline on ESPN Fantasy: Is Demarcus Cousins Still a Top 10 Player?  Boogie owners be riding past on their lollerskates.
Oh, we got some tonight. :D
Who on Earth helped the Knicks get to overtime against OKC?
Teague. If he or Schroder gets shipped, value should jump. Teague owners have been frustrated this year, at least a bit.
All hail Jae Bazeton!
Willie hungry. What happened? :/
Something tells me this would be more acceptable in a TX environment. T8 players are still working on getting to TX, so. Yes.
Stairway to Kevin (Love/Durant)
Jail time  Oh lord, that's funny
ELI5- why does this sub love Weird Fishes so much?
They're bored with Thom Yorke's sadness.
Then it's just like the game!
/r/fantasybball loves some Dray, but the salt is still real here. And for good reason.
헐... how did this happen?
Username checks out.
Hahaha yes! In that case, you can "J.R.!" for at least a few more years.
/r/crusaderkings  The leak needs to be handled  Now
Ohio State got rekt tonight tho
There's an asymmetrical Lord of the Rings 2 player game that uses Stratego's "hidden piece" mechanic very well. Anybody know the name of the game by chance?
Music taste  Board game aptitude  Unwillingness to give up, ever
Checking in from /r/fantasybball  Would you take Kent Bazemore and Tony Allen for Galileo?
740 hours in
