I did. Half the time their machine is busted so they ain't counting it manually. I hope other banks have functioning machines
you looking for someone on a freelance or permanent basis?
Michael Ricketts
lol arouse.
If you're coming from a retail background I'd suggest you to try wobb.com. Jobstreet and Linkedin are particularly good for the old-fashioned white collar kinda office work.
At a store with cctv on every aisle? Not a smart move.
is this some kinda joke?
lol... are u really who i think u r
Steamed biyotch. Any time. Get a whole chicken leg, rub some salt on it, steam it over an empty plate and let the inner juices form the chicken essence. Absolute haven.
You might wanna try RGB &amp; The Bean Hive. It's quietly tucked away within a neighborhood of bungalows, less than 15 minutes drive from KLCC. In fact the place itself is a conversion of a bungalow to a coffee place. If ur looking for calm and quiet you have to give this place a go. I'd recommend getting on Uber or GrabCar.
thanks for the clarification. have an upvote.
If ur working at the upstream then yes, it may be wobbly for the next couple of years at least. If downstream, not so much. Still steady.
Can u be more specific? What exactly are ur interests?
Lee Dixon - Michael Owen
urm...d-uh?
Yeah!
So u got a the renewal and road tax FOC?
Have u even tried googling   EDIT: try iproperty or ibilik
Its on local news and u don't know what this press conference is about? Try reading the star since they're the best butt scrubbers.
I'm just curious here... has anyone of u guys actually met a Bangladeshi with a Malaysian IC?
Another example as to why r/malaysia had a recent influx of turds.
well it certainly got OP riled up.../s
So.....what happened to those students? Did u manage to get them to stfu?
*Czech* blonde, slim *Russian* girl....did I miss something here
hapi kekdei
Read that some lady caught fire while answering her phone in car when refueling at the petrol kiosk. I highly doubt it has anything to do with phone but more to static.   PSA: never re enter ur vehicle during refueling.
Well that too
OK Marge if anyone asks you require 24hrs nursing care, Lisa's a clergyman, Maggie is 7 people and Bart was wounded in Vietnam!
Haha. God damn. Best one.
Ignore this asshat.
fuck off
Same here..... probably if u followed those viral pages on Facebook targeting a certain ethnicity u might get all of them
Stay classy malaysia
Can make a scene. Soon some guy will post his/her pic/no.plate in social media and let SJW fck shit up.
lol. Downvoted.
the graveyard /s    ok i read somewhere that in Sepang u can for a fee.
U begin by reading the FAQ
Deads = Traps
*cough* spam *cough*
Have u tried reading the FAQ?
That's why u eat ur veggies in other meals junior.
lol... u need to put /s....    nobody can tell if ur being serious or not
Do you have a tl;dr version?
Not really... they have nasi goreng 'cina' at malay stalls which were cooked with less kicap and sardines.
Starring Michael Cera as Nasi, Jonah Hill as Babi.    Also starring Seth Rogen as Bawang, Bill Hader as Sayur and Christopher-Mintz Plasse as Telur.
No, Latin America is called Latin America because the countries speak a language which descended from Vulgar Latin (i.e. the Roman Language), i.e. Spanish and Portuguese.    'Latin' countries includes France, Italy and Romania.
Buy from over the counter lor
30g of almonds - 191 calories, 9g protein   125g of greek style yogurt - 159 calories, 6g protein
Yes, /r/watchpeopledie....goes to show how fragile humans can be.    Also, if u can stomach it, /r/gore is there as well.
Do not feed the obvious
