Fucking ketzero.
Send support a picture of your bank account status for them to unlock it on your phone.
Everytime I stop by PFR's systems they stay docked up in station, playing station games. For a group that doesn't care about killmails they sure seem like everybody else in existence.
Even when they "adapt" they're affected by emp, the duration is just shorter. Funnel them through a kill-zone with 1-2 emp grenaders, the rest with guns, usually makes short work of the mechanoids.
Brown v Texas man...lol
What was this exploit?
Uh....15km was the keep at range.
The sun would provide the heat! Probably not enough but would be cool.
Just press Q. Works on any distance.
T1 nano.  Don't those like...not even take any fitting?
Prosecutor was "not re-hired". Not fired or anything, just his contract was not renewed.
Why do you have that heretic flair.
The guy's name is Tricky Dutch
He was webbing un-overheated at 15km. So, even with links, he's slightly faction fit. Pretty sure the point was as well but can't be arsed to go back and look.
What's the point of ascendancy implants if everyone else in the fleet doesn't also have them? Feels like there's way better implants in those slots to have.
Do you mean for turrets? Not really. The closest you get is that there's typically "dual" medium guns with the lower tier caliber. Less range, less dps, but better tracking. So cruisers can get frigates harder with frigate tracking, and battleships hit cruisers with cruiser tracking. Analogous but current rapid missile doctrines are actually superior to most other larger caliber missile turrets unfortunately.  And why not? Cuz fuck you. No really turrets are mostly fine atm (except minmatar medium arty).
He's captain, now.
better
wh space
&gt; The math of suicide ganking has been finely honed. There's no real risk in it.  The math of suicide ganking has been finely honed. There's no real risk in it.
It's funny, if you hang it from the mirror they can also (legally) ticket you for an obstructed window, and there's plenty precedence for this. So either way, this ticket's getting tossed, especially with the PR.
How can you tell if someone lives in a wormhole?  There's be about 3 battle reports and reddit posts.
Wtf? Spoons? Like...silver?  Sourch: American. Not fucking sorry.
Answer: Probably.  Are the numbers in yet? No.
google it, it's available.
Yea no shit sherlock.  Thanks for adding to the conversation.
Fun idea! Unfortunately sounds like you don't really understand how bubbles work. Your best bet is to just utilize your statics for isk and have home sites be strictly at-your-own-risk.  Also you'll be farmed to shit.  Seriously though I wish you the best but this will die in a ball of fire.
If it's the same computer the logs are still there. Go to your documents, EVE, then chatlogs. Sort by date. Or search them for a word or phrase you remember from the encounter to find the right file. Bam. Donezo.
You know what would've answered any and all questions you'd have by now? Going to your Documents/EVE/Logs/Chatlogs.  Literally would've been quicker than typing that response, then waiting for my response.
scram webbed.
WTF. ITS A TENGU. JUST LIKE, SLAMJAM SOME SHIT IN THE MIDS. SOME MISSILES IN THE HIGHS. BAM, YOU'RE DONE.
meh
You're putting way too much thought into this.  Maybe the legion though what's the point I'm scram/webbed on station, what's the chance he doesn't also have a prop mod.  Maybe triage logged in to find out it didn't have fuel.  Maybe he dc'ed.  Maybe the frigate menace entered local and he lost all hope.  Maybe dreddit is recruiting.  Maybe.
Thanks I hadn't noticed.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link
110/12X60=550. The 100 number is kinda low I listed just so people don't complain but ok lets do that, 100/12X60=500.  So realistically 550. However your efficiency goes way up when you bring more domis in, so yea 300 mil each.
Idk to do two toons you gotta use rattles or marauders, and c5's are perused more often by hunters, this is just a easy laid back way to get mega isk. Plus logistics isn't bad as you generally have a low class wh static.  &lt;3 stay classy LZKH
Homeboy, when he says refuse an FST he does not mean the breathalyzer. If you passed the breathalyzer, and they still brought you to jail that's a settlement waiting to happen, and has happened in the past.
CCP
On the tougher sites sure, you will need more. And they actually don't tank the second wave very well at all, but they always switch target once you're in low armor so *shrugs*. You'll see it happen in the video, it happens at that point every time.
Right?
Sure can! But you need some offensive module, like a target painter or something. In a large group, dropping a TC for a tp is no big deal, but can affect performance in my dual setup.
lol
Certain classes, and at least in these sites. I'm fairly certain it changes for other sites. But in general, snipe the frigates, and they usually seem to ignore drones. Unless you're dealing with guardians (if they're even still around).
One can dream :)
MJD capable. 50k tank. Really tank is to just buy you time to get back and jump through untill cavalry comes. And Im fairly certain bcs have more room than t1 destroyers, salvage +tcus take up space.
This was the work of Calmatt, not that dasterdly CaImatt imposter.
Drones used are almost exclusively sentries, so black hole is very doable. The hardest part is remembering to cntrl space both toons
Fail troll, come again.
