This fact cannot be stressed enough
No duh. It still wasn't opened by a golf ball tho
/sad trombone fart
2-4-1 isn’t as much of a thing in Points from what I can tell. Wiggins accrues fewer points than most waiver fodder currently
ZBo is currently still a better basketball player than any of the youth behind him. Joerger loves ZBo. Eventually he’ll likely get rested in favor of giving the young bigs minutes, but he’s going to help more than not for the majority of the season
And Ted Thompson is stepping down. The football gods are doing good work!
Any update on Draymond?
Everyone’s coming in here to talk about Gerald when the superior Green (Draymond) lit it up tonight
Same. Feels bad man
JRich
He shall rise again. Fear not
This...is not ideal
Pretty much everyone behind Tyreke is trash. Maybe give some run to Selden and Brooks, who both *might* be basketball players, but Ben McLemore is terrible, Andrew Harrison is terrible, and the rest of the roster is made up of Conley, Gasol, and misfit veterans who play below average ball. I don't see the Grizzlies outright benching Evans for Brooks and Selden though
It's exactly this
What's a king to a god?  What's a god to a non-believer?  Who don't believe in anything?
Either or both Dedmon and Collins in Atlanta could make serious noise in the second half
The only issue is that he’s on a one year deal
R/usernamechecksout
Soon. Sooooooooon
Par for the course
Grabbed Dunn weeks ago as an end of bench not expecting him to explode guy. He exploded. Have been holding until other guards/PGs get healthy, but they’re about to be healthy and I can’t drop Dunn. It’s in Points, so hold whomever, but I was expecting him to help me weather the storm until DLo and Conley come back, and now he’s a ROS guy
Trade and roster moves. I don’t know who’s drafting at this point other than DFS stuff
Michael Conley, Junior
Poor dude
Joerger is dying inside, trust me, but this is great news for Fox, WCS, Skal, Buddy Hield, etc.
Psh, they haven’t had a smoking section in the DMV since at least 2007, once they opened the daycares
The Conjuring: Hank Hill Director’s Cut
r/unexpected
Why do Ingram, Draymond, and DLo want to make sure my opponent plays a bazillion more games than me this week?
Collins has the most upside, Bazemore's been the most consistent, Prince has been the one you don't want out of the three
Reddick shouldn't be rostered in 8 man. He'd be the safer drop, especially considering he has a crack in his leg and will be missing time
Gary Harris needs a nickname
Butts with stars!
r/shitty_car_mods
Tears in the Rain...he’s dead
Grizz Twitter is great
This game is such a weird mixture of young players making the most of their opportunity and the Knicks out-tanking us
What'd CLee say? Can't believe the Knicks didn't show up at all against our scrappy squad of UDFAs, second rounders, and Tyreke Evans
Deyonta Davis Dwayne Dedmon  Pretty much any big whose initials could also mean double double
Why is it buried in Early Life &amp; Education and not part of his tenure at NBC?
r/watchpeopledieinsidecats
Bog, especially since Conley and Fox play the same position and his floor is seemingly much higher than De’Aaron’s right now.  Conley’s not in like a walking boot or on crutches or even coming off or surgery or anything. His Achilles simply doesn’t feel right, and the team is being very, very careful with its most expensive player. He fully participated in the team’s off the court MLK Game stuff, which is a big deal in Memphis
This is the best news I’ve gotten this week. Between Draymond’s fake injury, Brandon Ingram and Dunn’s real injuries, and not having the waiver priority to grab Collins after he was dropped, things were getting dark. Now if only Conley would come back...
Dunn, Draymond, Ingram, Conley, and DLo. So many missed starts this week. Hopefully he recovers quickly. Losing teeth is shitty by itself, but a bonk to the brain on top of it just sucks
This is great news for Simmons and RoCo owners too. That offense just functions so much better with Embiid (obviously), even if he might limit other Sixers’ opportunities
Holy shit. RoCo and Jaylen Brown...what’re y’all doing?
Boogie has been very consistent. As had LBJ until tonight
DLo’s return has been less than stellar
This is the second game in a row he's gotten quick steals to open the game, and someone shouted him out in this thread, and they were the last steals of the half for him haha
He’s not healthy, lest he’d be playing and the Grizz would be trying to make the playoffs while the West is kinda down (though the Grizz and Jazz having injuries to cornerstones is part of why that’s the case, even if they’d be fighting for a bottom seed, plus neither LA team is a contender these days), and there’s no certainty he’s going to be healthy again, but he’s not in so bad a place that the franchise has held him out of drills and light scrimmaging. Obviously he’d need to progress to 5-on-5, but if he’s not coming back, there’s not much reason to risk something so volatile as an Achilles in light workouts
