* QB - Major Harris, Pat White * RB - Steve Slaton, Avon Cobourne * WR - David Saunders, James Jett * LB - Chuck Howley, Sam Huff * Secondary- Adam "Pacman" Jones, Aaron Beasley
Karma Police
Why wasn't Pandora an option lol
With the equalizer!
Someone needs to make a subreddit of just photos of Delly photoshopped on album cover art
huh Pirates centered T-Mobile commercial pretty cool
Lol ok hold up their least popular game is not San Andreas
Fallout 4 is now the fifth top selling game on steam
Pat White
For a while there Fallout 4 was like the top selling game on steam and it isn't even out yet lol
well its a steam problem I guess I should go to steam subreddit
Polanco was the promised savior of Pirates baseball shall he break up the perfect game?
lol Tabata I hate him and his lips tattoo
Focus on how good of an at-bat that was by Tabata
Im so confused why do they keep doing this, are the SMU and FGCU players gonna bear Kansas uniforms* Well I assume they would but are they going to maybe wear a patch of an Eagle or Mustang
Losing BCS Bowls
Myers jumpshot is so broken I can't believe he scored as much as he did
Barry Browne?
Yeahhh Esa
Ball don't lie
Three Guard Weave works very well
Woah Woah where the fuck is my rifling
Yeah Pacman let's go
Joey Porter won the game
Still not sure what Pacman did
Paige and Phillip should have started this game lol
How the fuck is that a foul
Old Big East 4,5,6!!!* Xavier wasn't in the Old Big East but I mean their logo is a Big Blue letter so...same thing as  Villanova
Oh shit you're right
Thought he was gonna go Cardiac Kemba on em at the end of the first overtime
2010 team was all players from New York or New Jersey. This team being our best team since 2010 has two players from New York. Those two players are our best players. Basically, and I know in the Big 12 it's a harder sell, Huggins should recruit New York again.
Didn't realize Hawaii was doing so good this year. Barely lost to Tech and Oklahoma, I am sure you guys will be a fun tournament team. Good luck, I am gonna sleep now.
DAE Alabama A&amp;M = Cleveland State
I would have said something if I was Tarik as well he was fouled so hard and nothing
Poked his eye out
Time to bring out 4 guard line-up
Something tells me Myers free throw shooting played a huge part in scoring 25 ppg
He hasn't been although at this point him refusing to shoot is a regular occurrence
REJOYCE
Nicasio is obviously meant for the bullpen just send him there already
You guys are gonna get him in a couple years anyway
Have they even brought up that Jordy played for Oklahoma State or are they just gonna keep talking about Matt Holliday's brother
St.Louis?
One of the dragons Tyrion freed is gonna come from the east and kill a bunch of ppl
Oh btw Szczur hitting a home run adds 1 to the PDN (Players with Dumb Namekillingthepirates) number this season
Where is Marte btw I haven't really watched lost since we are losing too much
He deserves to be in, I mean the man also races the Tour De France
Yaa let's go Hilltoppers!!!
I've heard of trading a washing machine for a player but nothing else no
Myers is like a QB
