With regard to the weather, check out southeast Asian Muslims wearing veils in 30 degree weather with 90% humidity. They don't even sweat.  Meanwhile the white tourists wearing tank tops and bike shorts sweat buckets.
What is the percentage in London though?
Apparently a land like the Sahara can support that population. Wikipedia puts the population of the [Tuareg prople](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuareg_people) at 1.2 million, and the 3-fold land is way bigger than the extent of the Tuareg people I think. They mainly inhabit across interior Sahara.  EDIT: Granted, today's Tuareg probably buy food from coastal cities, I don't know...
I figured it out. Replace 'thus' with 'this'.
The portuguese, as always. The portuguese word for France is Franca (sorry for spelling), but the language, people and adjective form is frances. From there, it's just the usual Austronesian vowel and consonant transformations. F becomes p, double consonants have a schwa inserted between them, and c and e is morphed.
Vorto de Mormont-Domo: Cxi tie mi staras.
Reading the title, I assumed it's from fakemalaysiannews.com
Rare because there aren't that many living channellers anyway. With the surge of new recruit, that would be subject to change. Furthermore, policing is definitely needed to stop the kind of harmful experimentation that Semirhage was doing.
Shirene is still alive in the book.
Could be his luck at work there. Though at that point in the series I feel like you could cast a net at a busy intersection and catch a darkfriend everytime.
Reddit has more than a hundred million users. (That needs clarification. I think it's unique visitors not user accounts, but not sure.)
Is a pound of wheat equal to a pound of lettuce? One you need to eat in bulk to supply energy, the other you need to eat only a little to supply all the vitamins and minerals you need. If two pound of water yields one pound of wheat but only half a pound of lettuce, which is more "efficient"?
Let it flow to the ocean?
They don't have to side with Dorne. Highgarden is completely self-sufficient in all aspects, and gaining Sunspear's favor gives little benefit to them. As long as they can keep their heirs alive under the sept, KL can burn for all they care.
Then she'll use that army of the world's best light cavalry to launch a naval assault on King's Landing. Unsullied 2.0
Dance was released 4 years ago, so for book readers it's not "too soon"
The regulators do a fine enough job of making sure the information is out there. The workers on the other hand, it's a case of you don't know what you don't know. I don't want to demean them, but the kind of people who work in places that uses those chemicals, well, you know... People WILL protest if the government requires every janitor to take a two weeks course on industrial chemicals to get a license, so what can we do?
It makes sense only if your native language uses the same convention. Otherwise, 'Chu' and 'Cxu' are fairly equal, with the x-system having the advantage of preserving Esperanto's one-letter-one-sound principle.   As it turns out the h-system lines up well with English's usage of the ch  and sh double consonants. If it "makes sense" to you, that may be why. You know what's the most important goal of Esperanto that lead to its creation? To be a tool that allows everybody to speak on the same level.  So we have two systems, one makes sense in the context of Esperanto in general, the other makes sense only to native English speakers. I hope you understand now why we should choose one over the other.
Why swap numbers like that? It doesn't require you to allocate a `temp`. There's probably some niche reason for that, maybe you're working on an 80's computer that has 8 bytes of memory, I don't know.
Do Forsakens still have a functioning digestive system? I imagine the brews and teas would just leak out as soon as they're chugged.
Hey, there was that change to the layout some time ago. That caused some stir.
You are correct in that "noon" would be at midnight during winter, because when the earth goes halfway through its orbit, it is also going through a half rotation (12 hours approximately). The key that you're missing here is that humans are not stupid. The second key is that the tilt doesn't happen in an instant, rather the sun's track through the sky shift slowly over 6 months.  What's happening is that we cleverly defined a period of one day to not be exactly one rotation of the earth around its axis, but slightly longer (or shorter, doesn't matter), such that after 6 months that difference of 12 hours is compensated for, and the sun shines brightly overhead at 12 noon on the clock.
You can learn to throw the knife to kill a deer too.
How was puberty like?
That poor chimp
"Bebo" en la angla sonas kiel "porko" en la malaja/indonezia. Estas amuze por ni.
It's ugly because it's not what their work is about. Is not that hard to understand.   Book authors, their homes and offices is a mess of notes and scribbles and scraps of paper. But it doesn't matter because their works are in the form of the published books. They would hire a professional typesetter and publisher to put their words in a nice package and get it to nice bookshelves.   There are [scanned pictures](http://i.imgur.com/sQoutLh.jpg) of handwritten partially-finished scores from famous composers, and they are atrocious chicken scratches. That doesn't matter either, because their works are in the form of music played by professional musicians, who read from professionally made scores.  It's not hard to understand that mathematicians would consider writing programs as secondary. The software's only purpose is to run the simulation and give them the data that they need, and its beauty or elegance is irrelevant. Then they export that data into Latex, and publish their data in nicely typeset papers in nice journals.  Programmers, to you the code itself is your work. It is also understandable then that you would have higher standard for code quality than anyone else, and you must also understand that others don't share that standard, and they are perfectly fine with that.
TFW /r/shittyprogramming is stricter and more thorough than your workplace's code review
Tornadoes can't melt two feet thick concrete radiation shield.
That's the new subliminal mind control system patented by Swype.
Actually if it's a story of a lad avoiding a colour for his girlfriend, it would be crossposted to TRP and immediately be on their front page.
So instead of adjusting the supply of taxi in the city every year and weeding out unprofitable cars out of the system, they put up scaffolding up until the whole industry collapse catastrophically?   Everybody with a job are at risk of losing their livelihood every year. Companies do employee performance reviews. They figure out how much revenue they're making, and whether their current pool of employee can be supported by that revenue.
On the other hand, the greater movement of people and internationalization means that we no longer have situations where everyone in a small town is related to everyone else by at most two or three degrees of separation. Greater genetic spread (geographically) means that cousins-born children are less prone to genetic defect than before.
Similar charges repel. When you store a boatload of charge in a battery, the anode and cathode swell because of that repulsion. Many methods are currently used to contain and stabilize the electrode material so that they retain their integrity after many swell-contract cycles, but even then there are limits. Battery makers are now peeking over the shoulders of Material, Mechanical and Civil engineers, who are experts at dealing with stresses and fatigues in materials. Multi-layering/compositing is a known technique in construction and mechanical design to stop crack propagation in load bearing structure, so now they're thinking of using it in batteries to stop the electrode from disintegrating.
He was ambushed by Ser Pounce in his bedroom. It was bloody.
First situation, no, there wouldn't be any difference in meaning, though *daripada* is more appropriate.  Second situation, depends on context. If it is a letter or something that is being sent "from me, to you", then use *daripada/kepada*. Even if the thing being sent is ethereal, like love or thought, still use the *-pada* form. In this context, *untuk* works too.  I can think of one way where that phrase would be translated using *ke/dari*. "Adam shifted his gaze from Bela to Chad." "Adam mengalihkan pandangannya dari Bela ke Chad."  /u/OookOok has some good example.
What do you mean by the lower spine having to take all the weight? Muscles can't push, and the spine is the only solid support in the trunk. There's no way for the lower spine to take less than the weight of the upper body when standing up. There's no way for a stronger core muscles to take weight off the spine.   I guess I misunderstand the terminology, and you're talking about torque or shear stress.
The person I replied to was arguing about photos with faces versus without faces.
That's Stephen king basically. Even at the end of the book there're still questions that are left unanswered. It really makes you appreciate the sheer effectiveness of HBO marketing to be able to maintain public interest in GoT after the first season
They squished the numbers, but power progression still has to continue. What's your point exactly? How is the big numbers today violating the squish?
Software bugs are in the realm of unknown unknowns. You can't build something to perfection if you don't know what perfection is.   Once a software system gets past the hello world stage of complexity, its number of components increase. Each interaction between each component is a potential source of bugs. The number of interactions increases by a factorial of the number of components.  When the software is running, events are fired off and executed. Each sequence of events is also a potential source of bugs. The number of sequence of events also increases by a factorial of the number of events.  See, not all bugs come from negligence and laziness. A perfect software system is a mathematical impossibility.
They didn't dig the hole themselves, but the early american pioneers did something similar with buffaloes
how do you know there's a last word that you can't see, if you can't see it?
Your memory of specific formulas and techniques do decay over time, but somehow there's an imprint of understanding left in place (how does that work anyway?) so when you pick up the book again to relearn you'd say "Aha, I **do** remember these things!".
Heh, I'll modify a Russian joke for you.  &gt; Who's more pathetic, the Russians or the people who lost to Russians?
Or a too-smart-for-his-own-good programmer that packed the array of 16 integer item IDs for the default bag together with character stats. Game programmers brag about squeezing a truck through a pinhole.
What is an artisan then, if not "people who can do that thing well"?
That's usually an alt, they're mythic on their main. Usually...
Scientific studies are like bricks. Individually they don't do or mean much at all, but put together they all build up to something bigger and more meaningful, like a house.  (I realise too late that Americans don't build houses with bricks, so fuck it)  Just because the studies don't say anything conclusive doesn't mean they're useless.
Oceanic Nagrand/Caelestrasz Horde guild &lt;Unholy Redemption&gt; is currently 13/13H and looking for 3-4 more DPS to fill our team for mythic progression. We have most of heroic on farm already, so don't worry if you're not geared. Raid time is 10:45 pm server time Sun/Mon. Alt raid on Thursday also at 10:45 pm
