How did she go from white lady to black lady?  Did she go to the tanning salons every day?  How did she get her hair like that?  Sorry for sounding so naive but this story is so weird.
Is your Dad Kris Kristofferson?
Wait till he debates Hillary...he'll really be in the news then.
If you ever saw the old movie "The Terminator", the robot was single minded.. He never wavered from his mission.  Nobody could argue with him...he just kept hunting for his intended victim.  Bernie is a little like that robot in that he is single=minded.  He never wavers or asks "gotcha" questions.  He stays on course and like the terminator robot, just pursues his goal.  The debate moderators will have no problem with Bernie...its those other guys that need to worry.
Senator from TX serves a term in Senate... Shuts down govt...goes immediatly to Iowa to begin campaigning for Prez... and Bernie is a cuck??
There is a party going on in Oregon wildlife refuge you might be interested in attending..bring your camo pajamas.
Where the french fries at?
Poultney....no  that is Cambridge church.
He seems to be channeling Spencer Tracy.
why hasnt' this stupid debate started?  Why do they have the wrong time on the bottom of the screen?
They keep talking Hillary.. Its Bernie.
They????  Who are "They"?
The only thing Obama wants from you Rubio is them black pointy high heel boots you wear.
I'm sure he will be saying something on what Rubio said.
...and its Reilly on the Moor...Reilly on the moor....
Saw Debbie Shultz with her girl Hillary... She ain't even near Sanders.
Some of the imagery in Blood Meridian.  It is a slow moving story but the story of the cowboys turned scalp hunters in Mexico in the 1840's is a compelling read.  The Judge is just about the creepiest person in the world.
They are changing their economic system by just an edict.  In this country we have to have consensus... they do not.  That's why the stock market has pivoted.  They don't want to make our baseball caps anymore for some reason :)
She wrote the book "PR 101"
I'm going to put this on my homepage.
....well that too... he was born a son of a Holocaust survivor from Poland who spent time in a Kibbutz in Israel.....but he likes the Palestinians...another hit piece from Hillary.
Bring some big gulps.
Yes
Does the little guy at the bottom keep the birds away from the tomatoes?
Possibly b/c Woodstock VT is an exclusive town owned by out-of-towners who have big wallets.
That's it!
She's her own worst enemy... She dodged bullets in Sarajevo airport, completely over engineered and micro managed the first health care effort during the Clinton admin, had a terrible campaign in 2008 that was badly managed....yes... bring her on...
Ahhhhh.. Trumpie is raising money thru "Wounded Warrier" org....they are being investigated for using funds for parties at very expensive hotels in vacation spots.  He' s just doing it to be badassed...usual Trump shit.
Ahhh... without Glass Stegall that banks are free to back high risk ventures of almost any type.  With the notion that we as American taxpayers will bail them out again, the sky is the limit for "hedging bad bets (which in many ways are the foundation of our 401K's)"....Goldman Sacs is a racket game and not a bank...at least not with you in mind.
cut it out!!!!
Goobers gonna win!
Someone should make a political ad with that vid.
Read this: https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/43crex/the_hillary_clinton_record_updated/
...and a crook
ONe word...media
Hillary gave a speech today and Huffington Post calls it a brilliant speech.  She says if we vote for trump we will have a nuclear war.  What a change from the old Obama message of hope and change. What a clear reversal from the hope that Bernie promised.  What a change to fear and loathing on the campaign trail.  I wish Hunter Thompson was alive to write about this one.
hope so.
So do "i(I)".
Heard more about Clinton scandals and wrong doings than Bernie.
You nailed that one.
I didn't know she had any.
I think this might be it.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQ9nOUbomS0
That's why Bernie keeps asking for those transcripts of Hillzy's 250,000 bank speeches.  They gotta be great reading.
Understood.
Have they ever killed people?
I've totally forgotten where I read or heard it a day or so ago....but this ain't over.  Everytime Hillary says something, there is this image of the guy strapped to the speeding car with the metal guard in front of his face screaming from the movie "MadMax, Fury Road.  That's the pro Bernie crowd who just can't stand Hillary coming to kick her azz.
Can he use the Oval office to have a you-know-what during half times?
You and thousands and thousands of others.
Politician.
Does Julian Assange have a vagina?
