Any serious defense of tebow,
The amount of people who avoid there own insurance like the plague on this sub lol
Esports broadcasting in general is a joke. Its a lot of amateur hour because they dont actually have the budgets to do the spectacle the way the audience has begun to demand it be done. Think about it the nfl has 52 million different sponsors and hundreds of commercials per game. Most esports tournaments have computer component companies and blizzard ones in particular basically rerun those commercials. The reason you see a lot of problems is they only have these sets for 1 or 2 days then they go away. Nothing is permanent and that breeds production problems.
For people wondering why "management doesn't just fix it" it's because nurses have a position of power. Something like this which is an epidemic would likely cause a "rebellion"  among the nurses and would basically require numerous hirings and firings which is a problem when peoples lives are at stake.
&gt; This guy said this about Debose and Valles but no one else has seen that. I need a link that that's what he does all day  And then u get hit in the knee, but gotta perform the next day, and your choice is a pill that gives you the runs and make you have cotton mouth all day, an injection that gives you the shakes when it wears off, or weed.  Guess how many NFL players choose the weed?
I figured it belongs since the heroes discussed it on the latest pod
Yes but you don't have to be a player/coach to get what you are referring to. But this standard you are applying to PFF can be applied to every stat. After all JJ Watt led 2015 in sacks edging out khalil mack by 2.5 but JJ Watt is allowed every single play to rush against the weakest point in the offensive line bar none. Khalil and 3rd place Ezekial Ansah have to stay on their side of the ball and sometimes drop back into coverage.  Your post addresses a problem with stats period, has nothing to do with PFF.  For example the very much loved by every nfl fan Chris Kluwe (dat sarcasm tho) claimed that he was told by his coaches to kick shorter punts, then they later used his lower stats as justification for letting him go.
The main problem isn't "paid for" congressman its the fact that the majority of congress has no idea how the internet works. So when all the phone companies come a knocking saying the big bad FCC is preventing your constituents from getting good Internet they act on misguided pretenses
And anyone else i need to bribe to make it happen
All that stuff is generated for the good of humanity; theres no payment involved.
They removed it because worgen spelled backwards is negrow and some people got some bright ideas on what to name their new worgen pets  Bad look when world of wacraft accidentally references real life slavery
Gold standard rolling in his soccer pitch grave
Gw sells a couple brown spray primers. If they're too expensive army painter and other modeling companies have brands. Id never use commercial stuff because its designed to expand and take up as much space and fill in as well as possible; not good for models
Usually when its triss' pov it talks about how she actually deeply loves and desires geralt.  Meanwhile yennefer sees how many other men she can sleep with before geralt snaps
Well see with BW I value her (it?) for her ability to constantly heal multiple players.   So at level one her trait heals 100 health every 4 seconds Lets take Malfurion, his regrowth at level 1 heals 500 health over 10 seconds. Brightwing assuming she pulses 2 heroes twice matches that output. The difference of course being that bright wings is free, doesn't have to be targeted, and is on a lower "cooldown" than malfurions heal is.   Also because one of her abilities is not being "used" by a heal it allows her to have poly shield and flare.   That being said of course there are scenarios where other people outheal her pound for pound and ideally you would choose another healer if your ONLY goal was straight healing throughput (like say morales for example) but rarely do you get your ideal and rarely do you ONLY need a support for straight healing throughput.   Besides my brightwing build is usually (assuming no variable heroes like nova that demand reveal effects) 1-33% healing range increase 4-50% Arcane flare range increase 7-Reduce CD of mist whenever you cast a spell 10-Emerald Wind 13-Usually slow on arcane flare but 50% ability damage if they have multiple mages 16-make polymoprh targets vulnerable 20-stacking mist heals  The only 3 "healing" abilities im taking are at level 1 7 and 20
Mcgloins hurt
That ref looks so upset that we are challenging
ITT: People find out that prison is shitty
Why fire him now and not let the new GM make the decision?  Shit why not let Chip try his hand again at personal ala bellichek?
By facemasking at full speed. Also key that I never said aqib talib sought to intentionally injure I said the best play is to intentionally injure via a facemask
Corpse Princess  Boy did that show go off the rails
We don't have universal healthcare because Ted Kennedy died and got replaced with a republican. That ended the supermajority coalition.
Well yea but what do you do with them? No other country wants them, do you just push em out the door and say cya?
One thing that came out from the wikileaks emails is that quite a few countries that publicly condemned the US involvement in Libya and Syria were privately asking for US involvement via the state department. Alot of countries really rely on the US to be the world police
What dont you like vis-a-vis iran and israel?
Would it make you feel better if I told you he's issued less executive orders than any 2 term president since Grant?   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_federal_executive_orders
Ehhh an enemy they couldn't see and weren't expecting to find.
Its a function of the us election system wherein only the party fringe votes in the primaries therefore moderates get weeded out before they can hit the general election
In the US sitting congressman are extremely difficult to unseat. Therefore even in cases where the electorate of a given district shifts political views they could still stick with an incumbent, just one of the oddities (or horrors to some) of american politics. When Kennedy died it gave his district a chance to re-align their congressman and they went republican. If its Ted Kennedy running chances are he keeps that seat, with a fresh run off? Who knows. Plus iirc his replacement basically ran on the fact that they'd stop universal healthcare (because that's what happened)
I'm just gonna go through your post to address a few things.  &gt;The Republicans holding both houses have allowed quite a bit  The 112th and 113th congresses (2011-2014) were the least productive congresses in terms of amount of bills passed since the incorporation of hawaii and alaska. Though I can't find current data the 114th looks to be barely better than its 2 predecessors.  http://dailysignal.com/2014/12/30/turns-113th-congress-wasnt-least-productive/  &gt;every day that Obamacare isn't de-funded is a day of going through with his agenda.  They can't defund obamacare because they can't overcome a presidential veto nor can they overcome democratic filibuster in the senate. Has nothing to do with their tacit acknowledgement  &gt; Then there's all of the spending going on, which is typically a non-Republican thing  It's a non republican thing in name only, republican administrations and congresses spend just much if not more than their democratic predecessor, generally because they cut taxes and dont cut spending to account for it so they drive up higher debts and deficits.   &gt;Congress has the power of the purse but they're refusing to use it.   They can't use it because they can't override Obama's veto or a democratic fillibuster.
Hey so this means I can play rag regularly?
She-hulk cartoon specifically the transformation scene
Was their defense too complex as well?
Totally seperate walked up to crab after a play and snatched it and ran
Wtf even is this you're bitching because huskar was a troll throwing spears and not axes? Get a life lol
while conveniently ignoring the stat based argument I posted lol.
The no overtime in the truck is wrong and illegal  The passengers in the truck is not wrong and illegal and is actually the company doing said passengers a solid as they don't have to put miles/gas on their personal vehicles  Before you file a wage claim (and as you said potentially lose your job) try advocating in a way that says, "hey guys I'm pretty sure this is illegal and you could get in trouble for it!"  Never assume maliciousness when incompetence can be the case. Many small business owners are good at selling their particular product, not at actually running a business or HR.
Go to the police, police will contact them for footage.  Just be prepared op to find out that the cams were mysteriously not working that night or down for maintenance.   Look through your rental agreement for anything guaranteeing camera surveillance.
Id imagine the biggest issue and what i recall the devs saying is that it amounted to a block feature which would fuck with the matchmaking in hots overwatch and sc2. As well as the pain in the ass of having to reinstance people in WOW to avoid their friends or  guildmates.   They also didn't want to deal with just letting the game allow you to run into people in game via matchmaker or physically being present in wow. And the inevitable bawwing and fallout that would cause.
1. Dustin Browder while he was game director up until a few weeks ago would simply answer any questions put to him on twitter. 2. They release a new hero every 3-4 weeks and aggressively balance them to ensure they come within +/-5% of 50% 3. Devs display striking transparency and often directly implement or add player suggestions to the game within a month 4. Devs always explain what theyre trying to go for with any given gameplay change and are open and honest when heros get away from them or present balancing problems (kaelthas) 5. As the older heroes fall out current design philosophy they are frequently updated and reworked to keep pace with newer heroes as well as fit the current design meta. 6. They admit their mistakes
The one based on the scopes monkey trial
U seem upset lol
Deploy them in advance of ur troops to thin out approaching arnies if you are defending. Hide them in forests and have them go to work against the enemies back line or set them against enemy siege units.   If you're attacking ranged armies really want that walk up phase of free shooting to thin out your army. Advanced deployment skirmishers can tie up that fire via distraction or by engaging enemy ranged units.  And finally they are a great anti flanker unit to protect your own ranged and siege units from the variety of quick moving flank units.   Theoretically does it make your army "harder" if you just only have big block stacks? Yea but you could also just auto resolve every battle too.
What essential content is blocked? All heroes can be had with gold which they chuck at you while you level/do quests. There's also been the recent nexus challenge which gave u like 10 heroes if you played with friends
Block lists are generally much smaller than friends lists and are usually game specific not cross game
Source? Or gtfo
Well dont you feel silly
Lawl literally no reason to pick taz dingo
So your making shit up based off random insults?
Because deandre grabbed amersons
