It's 4 am I don't need these feels
Tomorrows headlines "PM of Canada calls referendum, wants to return to simple life of moose hunting"
Fair enough
Holy ducking shit do you just sit there rubbing your thumb on that spot?
waiting for afforementioned album
They are, it's called Narcos. It's on Netflix. Right now it's centered on Escobar but they plan to keep it rolling into future drug lords so it's safe to say our pal Joaquinn here will get a season
Canada does as well
That is Alex ovechkin, known for not playing defense
I read somewhere that the bankruptcy was actually a strategic move for a lawsuit he's involved in and obviously he isn't broke
/u/ballotbot draw 3
np bro, enjoy :)
yea thats what i figured when he messaged me. Why would a streamer who could win any bet he wants want to trade for my little old M9 Marble Fade?
not sure how he did the "items for trade" but the rest is just basic copy pasting
F
C9 kappa  https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=109330798&amp;token=e17X9fp0
KQLY would like a word with you
Amd is a computer company???
he had an m82, which will run you around 10k
its a joke about how the genny coupe is a rehashed tiburon
Same here, NA east
The former, he also made a remark about how Mexicans join the military for citizenship, go to Iraq but not enough get buried there. He really is your stereotypical racist grandpa
The dindunuffin
Dat fitment
Eeeeeeeevvvvoooooooo. But for real you can get a clean Evo 8 for around 15k
Wait did CWM come back? I thought he left and deleted his acct...
Ditto, double bunny ear is too lit
Dibs on the Porsche
129  /u/danknissan and /u/thegenuinebuzz suck Dakas dick cuz his knife is cooler than yours
What time on Sunday?
RemindMe! 2 days donate /r/millionairemakers donations
wait someone tried to kill trump??? Link?
ok so it looks like he didnt even come close. still weird no major news outlet is carrying the story
Which is like half the price of the dudes bike
Wow
Is this WSB?
Thanks :)
lol settle down big guy, you might actually scare him with those words
You can see in the gif that his fight strap is still attached to his pants and jersey, that's why the jersey never separated from his body
The light hearted content makes the war waged unwillingly against us by /r/civ much more relaxed
He did not say "you all" just "*you*"
We're all faggots on this blessed day
Wait Buick is making a sports car? How did I miss that
Pm me for my paypal deets, you got a deal
Even the silvers that have good enough computers/internet wouldn't be able to use 128 to its full potential. I'd say 128 tick wouldn't start being useful until DMG/LE
&gt;oh...   You kinda did
I don't know who you are or how you found me, but I'm triggered now
Hell yea brother!
You'd think that, I've seen more than a few cougars and grizzlies on mountains out west, there's a video of a girl getting chased by a grizzly and she had no idea, if she would have stopped she'd have been dead
Found the snowboarder that breaks his wrists once a season
&gt; RAM vs. actually towing something  LUL  -dirty max owner
