Tell me more about how you'll consider switching to HBO, because I'm pretty sure they do this already.
Either that or a live version of "Flash."
La La Land, Flash, Shake &amp; Pop, Harmageddon and Pillz should get you going.
I'm not making any guarantees, but what part of northern Illinois?
The addiction is real, future family.
I'll have one of Gibbs or Bronson, please.
Besides BTSM (of course), which set should I absolutely, positively, not miss at EF?
Word. Will do.
Not all of Green Velvet's music is on Spotify is all I meant. I get exactly what you're saying; Bassnectar is bigger than GV. That much is true. At the same time, you can't discount GV by saying he's a very small name, as stated in your original post.   It's all good, though. I still got love for you and Bassnectar. I'll be at both sets for sure.
Fill it with ecstasy and call on me. I'll be there.
She Just Likes To Fight
Fam.
For the inevitable return to camp at 3 am?
Thanks!
Solar-powered?
Just ask "AM I BEING DETAINED?" over and over again. Then they have to let you go. /s
Dick's has their 10x10 Quest canopy on sale for $50 right [now](http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productId=2935027&amp;cp=4406646.4413993.4414966.35612666&amp;categoryId=13086151).
How big do you think it is?
I haven't even received tracking information yet. I'm not worried though. They'll be here in good time. Thanks for the info!
But you lived?
How old are these wrestling posters? Like Ultimate Warrior/Hulk Hogan/Andre the Giant old... or NWO era old?
I read lockers as hookers and was immediately intrigued. Sigh.
Nice! Thanks!
YES! Agreed.
Two words: DAY MAN!!
Ok?
Claude Vonstroke for sure.   Edit: spelling
10/10
YES! SO GOOD. Thanks for reminding me. :)
Who said they were?
Can you play offline?
Lulz
He went there.
Check out the web site and determine it for yourself, buddy.
I'm pretty sure you linked to the original song twice (Americano).
[Here's](https://open.spotify.com/user/rudym55/playlist/5uJhBW8JRYhEoBUcJFSvv5) a playlist I put together of MixMag's top tracks of 2015. Some tracks aren't on Spotify, but there's plenty to sink your teeth into!
"Pena ajena" in Spanish. Very similar!
Sure, that might play a part in it, but this subreddit has thin skin when it comes to flash carts and scalpers. If anyone is supportive of flash carts, downvotes to hell. If someone doesn't believe that scalpers are as big a problem as this subreddit makes them out to be, downvotes to hell.
What shitty attitude? I'm not seeing it.
You're not allowed to complain a straight to Netflix movie? I don't get it.
Santigold's first album.
2PL4UUCLW4FFGBA0QF0PE23  Thanks!
WJVMGQY271ERTXKZV4W6TNM  Thanks!
Ok.
Likewise!
Febvember 3f. Bet on it.
Or use a ziplock bag. Works just as well.
Balloons? They'd stand out for sure.
Not sure about that, unfortunately. If I recall, I did see a campsite or two with balloons last year. If I saw them towards the end of the weekend, I don't remember.
20ft.
