Is there any mention of time travel in the by laws?
So what are we trying to get out of all this? World Cups not in Qatar, or do we include Russia as well? I guess, that's what the winning candidate will be asking.
Bout that time eh chaps?
So what does this hold for Andros?
If you go to the FL studios forums or look up any of the old interviews on EDM/DJ mags, you see the name came from him finding a dead mouse in his PC tower.   If anything, the head is a rip-off of Daft Punks signature "spin music with LEDs in front of your face" helmets. I think that became more pronounced in the current iteration of his mask. Before it was just a red mau5 head. I guess since he is no longer opening (more likely to spin at night) he decided that more LEDs were needed to make him stand out in the dark.  Then again, its all a rip off from the whole EDM subculture. When was the last time you went to a rave and didn't see some wierdo without some shiny lights coming from them?
Meow see here boy, that is not that kinda sound we would be using in a chase.
If they did offer 50, would we take it?  Hard to say if the funds would be of help after watching last season's debacle...
What? Episode please.
Something something Jenny just kissing.
Jesus. That would be the eighth striker in their roster. It's like the strategy has changed to "buy every player".
[Dog vocabulary.](https://youtu.be/5Jq06Ga71TM) I haven't laughed so hard in 10 seconds.
Looks like a less attacking Walker with the crossing abilities of Dier.
Where is Inter getting the money from?
Try telling HK or CB that they are starting EVERY game from end of august to early may and see how they take it.
ITT: Peruvians
We've brought down their "park the tank" policy before, we can do it again.
From German Messi to playing in the MLS. Ouchies.
It's the circlejerk going on in /r/soccer and /r/coys. We have a lot of Chelsea going on.
None of those cover my only sport, football.
Not as I recall. His agent made some remarks how Pep wanted to sell Alves, Pique, Villa, and Fabregas because they were not up to his standard. Villa was just for sporting reasons, but the rest he had an issue with their attitude. The especially shocking part was that apparently he was disappointed with Fabregas as a person. So he told Rosell his plans but Rosell refused because of possible fan backlash. So Pep quit.  Makes you wonder, considering what we've accomplished and the people who've left.
Careful with how you approach the healing. There was that one guy who found a safe with an explosive booby trap. Obviously, he managed to open it without ending up in the news.
In this thread, people who probably don't drive in the DMV area.
Right? Does this story take place in the 70s? Not that the brother isn't a douche, but I can't imagine finding a decent pair of shoes for the office for less than $200.
We did it! We won the league. Shows over. See you guys next year.
Don't be surprised. Look what happened to Bayern their first season under Pep. They went from kings of counter to German tiki-taka. Not that they aren't doing amazing, but not like it made much silverware difference.
That's actually what happened in real life prior to WW2. England used to own a majority of the middle east, before getting bombed to high heaven by Hitler (not destroyed, mind you).
Dark.
He could be the top #10 in the MLS. Maybe time to cash in and replace Gerrard in LA?
Do James Franco and Seth Rogen count as artists?
The average user. Bruce Lee is a one man death star with these.
Is that what a speedball is? ^*Adds ^to ^bucket ^list*
Wait. It does now? I can usually hold off 2 full stack armies with Roman garrisons and high walls.
3 more years! 3 more years! 3 more years!
Apparently he was cheating on her too. Takes balls to cheat on the club owner's daughter your dating. And at one point, wasn't she the owner while Berlusconi was going through court and what not?
Can you say you are going without tickets? I thought NLDs were high selling affairs, but I could be wrong.
I'm going to write up a good explanation, because its not fair for you to get down voted for simply not understanding.  But for now, basically, all those payments that are due over time are assets. Even though we didn't have the money, we had a written contract with Madrid that we would get that money and in our books, that counts as basically having the money.   There are other technicalities that won't serve any purpose for this. Maybe we have an accountant in this sub that can do a better job?
Is this new? He was bad mouthing Spielberg for Crystal Skull. And it seems he has a tendency to get into bar fights.
Or the next threat to humanity. Need I remind you of a little historical documentary called *Rise of the Planet of the Apes*?
What do you have against Real Madrid?
If you score and the opponent doesnt, you win the match. I know its crazy, but apparently we've been doing that for a long time now.  Spread the word so people can be informed.
Knowing Perez... that's not too far-fetched...
Not soon enough?
What if the whole baby thing was a sham to cover up his real identity?
From then on, no one said "lads, it's Spurs" with that shit eating grin ever again.
Kek
He didn't hit the lows that Pato did, but Coutinho was just disappointing at Inter before becoming a key member of Liverpool
/s mate.
ITT:  Peruvians?
Yes he did. He now weighs about the same as a baby. However, given his history, officials are saying it's a fat baby the comparison applies to, just to be on the safe side.
Actually, the ending the last name with "Z" or "S" to demonstrate that  someone is the descendant of so-and-so comes from Jewish tradition.
