Its all connected at this point. Jontron, Gamegrumps, Steven Universe, Gravity Falls... Its forming the ulti-fandom RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
Shhhhhhh! Spoilers!
Nope. No humens allowed.
They started by destroying our greatest superhero... Florida Man.
The plot thickens...
Don't worry guys, looks like Hawaii is still safe and sound!
Those are Roses feet you son of a bi- gun.
Almost every Telltale game ever.
Hmmm. Giraffe mom still takes it.
Never.
Ugh, it's called Life Day throughout the rest of the galaxy. Get it right, geeze.
They're like Pokemon. BIRDMOM I CHOOSE YOUUUUU!!!
CHAAAAPPPSSS, NO!
So far I get the feeling that Pearls are more like Butlers or personal assistants rather than indentured servants or slaves. I was pretty surprised to see how much personality Yellow Pearl had and I imagine she may have a lot of pride in her role as Yellow Diamonds servant and confidant.   Just because you're someone's servant doesn't automatically mean your life is miserable. Butler and personal assistant are high paying career paths for a reason.   On that note, Pearl took her service to the next level by taking up arms for Rose like a knight or a samurai. Hmm... Now if I could only tie in Lil'Butler....
Isn't this also the temple where some kind of battle between Rose Quartz and White Diamond is depicted? The statue may be allusion to that or maybe it's all an elaborate tomb? Also, what was their reason for going there again? I can't remember...
Yeah, but when you look at the mural in the moon base you can speculate on which it could be. We know which is Yellow Diamond and Blue Diamond because we've seen them. We can assume that the other one we've seen, the one that is white with spiky hair, is White Diamond, which would then match the one from the Pyramid Temple.
Dragon Warrior
If I remember correctly Blizz wanted to put them in during BC, but decided it was too soon for a new class and waited until WOTLK to give it a try with Death Knights.
He's out of mana.
The Lich King also has personal beef with Kil'Jaeden because they created him through some messed up methods and then tried to enslave him.
You missed the pearlgasm from Stronger Then You.
Twist, its Mr. Smiley.
The best *God of War clone* that was actually a complex fantasy RPG strategy, where Jack Black voices a Jack Black who wishes he was as cool as Jack Black.
Wow. Pearls regeneration was far more drastic than I realized.
Literally super saiyen.
Super Saiyan.
Get 3 P/P Nexus Whelps. Then everything = dead
It's a cult! A *genestealer* cult! While we're at it lets make sure the earth isn't a tomb world!
Interestingly enough some snakes will occasionally be born with vestigial arms or legs. Check and mate nerds.
It's Lapis. A conveniant cameo that lets us know a little more about her.
When Amethyst turned into Rose...
I think there's also a photo of a young version of him in Onions house.
COME ON AND SLAM!
Robert Moran, the creator of this and Unforgotten Realms is actually still pretty active on YouTube and Twitch. He is doing some really cool live tabletop roleplaying streams where you can donate to start events and such. He also made a really good mod for Minecraft called Dwarvs Vs. Zombies and is making a few games of his own as well.  Check it out: https://www.youtube.com/user/BruceWillakers
I go back to this at least once a year and binge on it for a week. Such nostaglia.
Right behind you.
Ya know... Pearl said that the place where they got the time thing would reform eventually right? Maybe that means we might see the time thing again as well...
Who's real name is Jesus.
You monster.
People say it's a reference to an episode of Futurama. The one where Bender gets mind wiped and they go to the bureaucrat place to get him back.
Ryuu-ga, Wa-ga-te-ki-wo, Ku-ra-u!
I'm gonna have a word with those fuckers from the wiki.
Fucking mimes man.
Vroom!
We'll call it: The Diverging Hunger Maze
Congrats, you win the dumpster diver of the year award!   My dad is gonna get a kick outa this. He snags stuff at of the trash at work a lot because his work just throws away old stuff when it gets replaced so he's picked up a lot of nice radios, walkie talkies even a couple of slightly worn high quality office chairs. It's nuts what some people throw away.  I'm curious how something like that got there though. Maybe it was just in someone's garage for a decade and they just wanted it gone. Shame really.
They burn themselves to death in city streets as a sign of protest. I would say they are literally capable of anything.
So... How did the raid go?
Certain races, like the orcs and gnomes, cannot commune with the light on the level that would allow them to train as a paladin. That's the lire reason anyway.
Poor fucking infantry.
