There is already one
Firmino. Our front 4 could potentially then be  ---Rooney/new st----  Depay-Mata-Firmino
The person who answered is a male
Giroud was injured for a large part of the season and for some reason, Wenger rates Welbeck over Podolski
And agent fees!
&gt; a good backup to replace Ramos  And I'm seeing rumors of them going in for Otamendi
/u/D1794 Check this pic out lol
The title says 64 million pounds not euros.
Thanks Obama
It was on sale on steam a few days back
Why is it $900 though?
wait what?
Quickly
American Sniper.
Because Bale will be made into an LB again.  /s
what is wrong with es
You need Stickmount to mount it. ES won't help
&gt; deprived   You mean derived?
Chutiya is very common in India too.
Check play store account. You'd have got an email too. The credit appears in that Google account which you used to buy the phone.
That's not the pre-order time.
That's why Football Manager exists.
Only if you ordered before 25th October iirc
Already? It was supposed to be for a year.
Fellaini
Nah. Ed still has to sign some noodle and soup sponsors.
Bro
I used Cataclysm a lot on my Nexus5. How does it compare with that?
Flash the full ROM. That's what I did.
How is ElementalX on the 6P? Was pretty good on the 5.
Umm what is touchboost?
Color profile link?
Is this the elementalx app?
Madonna yes.
Staring like LvG, I suppose?
Why'd he credit himself?
I understood that mate. Was just messing around.
Philosophy
For some reason, I am unable to see missed calls on my computer. Any settings need to be enabled?
Did you change any settings or is it just default?
0-0 draw away and a 1-0 win on the replay
Yes
Yeah I shifted to the Outlook app. But I hate how it doesn't put calendars into the phone's system (like how Sunrise did if you added an Exchange account and hence, allowed Google Now to use it) and I can't use Business Calendar/Google Now on those calendars now. Sucks.
Bernd Leno?
What's JW?
This cat fucks
7+1 you filthy casual.
wtf was that wayne
martiallllllllllllll
And LvG didn't even get up. Stoic as fuck
