Just my two cents..  Abuela is Spanish.  There are a great many white people living in Spain.
Here's hoping!
YIPPEE!!!    I'm very happy, because I've done all those things except the new reputations. :D
Umm..  aren't there already night elf mages?  Not sure about blood elves.
Test again.
This.  So much this.  I've passed it on at least five different toons, but my poor kitty druid can NOT get them all down in time.  No heroics for her!
Athena
Candy Buckets also finds bonfires, and if you have Tom Tom you can click on an icon on your map and get an arrow to the bonfire.
Purple void wolf from draenor.
Lupin
If OP is shadowbanned, why can I see his post?
This is not NSFW...
Can you call the relatives that you get along with and invite them to the shower you are already planning?
Feel free to join us in /r/infertility .  Welcome to one of the suckiest clubs ever.
You're welcome!  I'd remembered seeing an article about it about a month ago or thereabouts, and I'd hate to see someone get something potentially dangerous without knowing about it.  Good luck with whatever you choose to do. :)
Except it turns out it's not a *good* one.  :(  Anyone know of a good mattress topper?
Policy didn't change. And my policy info specifically says infertility is covered.  I have the reference number from the time I asked if it was covered and was assured that it would be.
Doubt it.  It was my doctor that sent the request.
Someone should sticky this or something, I've seen SO MANY near-identical questions recently.
I'm curious as to how much the whole thing cost, if you're in the States.
I like ButtonForge, which allows you to add clickable buttons wherever you want them - a good place to put profession buttons and such.  Also LOVE altoholic, because I have an absurd number of toons.
/facepalm
I hope so.
I am too afraid to click on that link.
How do you skip with flying?!
Oh. My. God.
Welcome to huntering.
\*sob\*
Yeah, that's the only part I use.
Ishnu'alah
Yippee!!!!!!
Boo!
It's a clinic affiliated with a hospital.  For emergencies, I guess go to the ER.  "If this is an emergency, please hang up and call 911."
I'm not sure who they called!
I can kinda see during lunch having trouble getting through, but it was after 2:30!
Oh that sucks.  I'm sorry.   :(
IUI
Thanks everyone!
Yay!
I know nothing about Canadian healthcare, but can't you ask your PCP for the referral?
Ooh, the nurse didn't mention that part.  I shall have to remember that!
I may have to try that, too.
Nah, he's got the whole yard to play in.  But the gate *is* padlocked.
So for iui, advil is probably ok?
Leveling is fast enough now, you could just reroll on another server.  Heck, you could even use your Legion 100 boost.
You need to at least hit it if you want to loot it.  You can't just let your pet do ALL the work.
oh dear...  lol
There are pet trainers everywhere, which give daily quests.  There's also the chance of getting stones that increase your pet's level.
Feel free to join /r/infertility.  Plenty of folks in the same boat.
Not sure it was every pandaria itself that was hated, so much as it was the long content drought at the end of it.  Like right now in WoD.
