Originally they had a ton of unsold ad inventory so they inserted charity's ads so they could claim a certain amount as a tax break.
He said in a post game interview that he uses some kind of special beard oil.
It's an old Orson Welles technique.
Go to the rooftop "beer garden" of restaurants and bars across the street from the inner Kabukicho Hub. It's a blast and perfect to accommodate you.
It's izakaya style, yeah. And tons of different restaurants. It gets pretty crazy in there.
Not from the post.
Examples?
Bridgeport too.
We already have bargs.
Did Wiggins retire?
That vaunted Nets/Cavaliers rivalry.
Doesn't the starkiller weapon go faster than light? Seems that's possible in the canon universe now.
G-sync/Free-sync probably affect it too.
G-sync is expensive and people are buying smaller monitors for that reason.  Also PC gaming is growing and lots of people signed up for Steam accounts for the first time in 2015. NVIDIA has really upped their "entry level" card pricing too.
DVD sets are likely to rise in price as they move towards being niche products.
Same in Japanese.
&gt; I don't buy that he simply did not notice or sense that his mentor actually possessed little to no force power.   The entire Jedi council spent tons of time next to Palpatine without realizing he was a Sith, so anything is possible.
Kyrie is in the same class.
The injury happened from his collision with Barton, but it was still the cheapshot that caused it.
They were playing small ball nearly all game, so he didn't get put in.  Look at JJ Hickson as a good pickup.
Can you come pick them up sometime? Should probably just bring a suitcase and some packing material (pillows would work).  As for the parts, they're pretty well documented online. Apparently it's not uncommon for the capacitors to burn out on these guys and it's an easy fix. Also could be a fun excuse to tour Akihabara.
12/2/2/1/0 is pretty much his average over the last two weeks. That is waiver wire quality in anything up to 12-team.
Nice find, this was awesome.
&gt; Show me a program where the government was involved and its prices went down.  Commodities like corn.
You're stoned.
[For those curious what a 911 point week looks like](http://i.imgur.com/JrIzNhX.png)
Q: What do you call a group of cows masturbating? A: Beef stroganoff.
How does rice equal "raw"? Surely they aren't eating dry rice, right?
And there were lots of good post players in that era: Ewing, Jordan, Smits, Sabonis, even smaller guys like Barkley and Mark Jackson.  The illegal defense rules and handcheck rules really changed the game.
Are these trotters?
Any idea if any of them ran at Yonkers?
He was using it incorrectly in multiple spots. (he was referring to the foot you move, not the foot that stays planted)
He's actually 1.1 rebounds away, but who's counting.
Dude some guy linked the clip 8 hours before you right above your comment.
You want an [electric hot pot](http://www.amazon.co.jp/gp/bestsellers/kitchen/16247441) (in Japanese "denki nabe").
It is happening, they're just playing on their phones now.
Big in New York
Gimme some examples of players who are better that I could find on the waiver wire (12 team).  Keep in mind he's averaging just about 15 points and 5 assists.
This is not Shibuya-kei.
What??
He had a shoulder stinger recently that was killing his shot for a couple weeks. Looks like he's healthy now!
Sounds good.
No worries. I'll be around tomorrow too if you get bored.
Mike Woodson was not a good coach but man could that guy get the best performances out of JR. There's a reason he won sixth man of the year as a Knick.
Wow I wonder how Netflix feels about Spacey doing an Amazon show.
&lt;3 respect, bro
Covington is done. The new D'antoni offense doesn't agree with him and they've been winning games since they moved him to the bench.
Is Hibbert taken?
He's talking about the hand check rules.
Huh?
