There is a "Dynamic War" option in Long War that let's you set the game to be shorter than vanilla or even longer than normal Long War mod.   I have not tried it though.
Link for those who are lazy.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXND6fkW4zM
And probably wouldn't include non blood relatives, Hillary is presumably not blood related to Bill.
Do they not realize that we get fallout as well....
You jokester you.  That's what dlc is for.
Yes, though he is a senator not a governor.
What does this have to do with communism?
So are we just getting D3 heroes? Any chance we'll ever get Blood Raven, Andariel, Tal Rasha, Mephisto, Baal, or The Cow King?
What do the numbers mean? Centuries?
14th amendment section 2 specifically allows states to suspend the right to vote for criminals.
The list here is for kills only. Not the interactions some heroes have when near eachother.
Sengoku was essentially a test run of the new ck2 engine.  It's not bad but very dated. You would do better to try to find a mod for ck2.
What makes you think valve had something to do with it?
How do you make these?
Didn't they cut her out of the show?
Reddit gets more servers fairly frequently, let's not pretend that they just ignore issues.
Try warband, it improves on the original quite a bit.
Rome 2 and Attila were not specifically 1on1. Watch some of the fights, soldiers will stab and poke at people using animations that activate on only one model.
It appears to be back up.
Fantastic.
I have, though usually in ask reddit threads or in response to articles about shootings or some other tragedy.
Military courts are usually harsher than their civilian counterparts, you can try that defense if you want but I doubt it'll get you anywhere.
Germanies is even being done by the actual government.  This apple one is being done by Apple.  The gov. is not censoring the flag, it's a private corporation which is allowed to do whatever it wants with its store.
What exactly do you propose?
Couldn't you just tack your comment onto the other ones already following this sentiment that were posted 3 hours before yours?
We'll find some other way to amuse you.
Mount and Blade: Warband  Crusader Kings 2  Total War (whichever one happens to be the most current at the time)
I haven't played the game so I'm not sure what buttons he was pressing. He killed one enemy with just normal attacks and another enemy with blocks or counters.
Pretty sure they won't be alone. :/
Has this changed in a patch or something? I have a warlock but I can't seem to get champions yet.
All right little timmy, time to read A Song of Ice and Fire.
We've actually ran this several times now and so far it seems like no one has adapted to it well.   We haven't went up against this yet but our thinking is that we'd try to leave the building on the sides as going head to head with Montagne through a breached wall is a shit show. Even if you kill Montagne with a nitro cell you still have 4 more guys outside shooting into the bomb room.   The only real way to sto pthis strategy that we can think of would be to kill the carrier before he can plant it.
True, though to my knowledge most other maps don't allow you to get in as easily. Usually the objective is on a second floor or further into a building, not right on the other side of a wall.
Not that I know of.
I certainly must be in different games than anyone else, I've had more than one person tell me it's a common strategy which means that surely you guys are right. Yet I have 67 hrs in the game and have never had it used against me. It's odd. Perhaps I've gotten lucky and have only played against bad players.
Yes, however... I think it's important to note that there is almost no AI in the game yet.   Essentially there are about 3-4 scenarios in the game right now involving chasing a fleeing car. Beyond that you have the ability to turn on some basic AI in free mode but to my knowledge there is no actual racing system in the game yet.   If you want a good source of content involving Beam NG you would recommend WhyBeAre, this guy has a lot of videos on it: https://www.youtube.com/user/WhyBeAre/videos
Well she still has a mouth.
Kansas probably wishes the president would fix their state.
So how many pictures does he have to find of towns specifically with a sign that says carrying fire arms is prohibited? 10? 100? If he gives you 100 pictures will you say the sample size is too small? What about 1000?   Why do you get to decide how many pictures he provides you?
Agreed, I just wanted to post so that anyone reading can have additional info.
If you want an article why not just google "Gun laws in wild west"?   I got 2,410,000 results.
Use the number shortcut.
So they're adding doors then? Fantastic.
Gun free schools don't extend the ban on guns to their security personnel, so this point is moot.
They don't care.
It was so good that he passed out..
Set the armor near a door that's kapkan'd or castle'd and let it get destroyed when they breach. Would probably work out fine.
Is it possible or even legal for the US to target sanctions on specific citizens of another country? I assume it's be almost impossible to even do and probably very costly.
Currently... There are so many articles on /r/news that include white people doing horrible shit. So yes... White Catholics still do horrible shit today.
I mean... The conservative party had been running Canada for like 8-9 years before the election last year right?
