He thought she was Arab or Middle Eastern and just wanted to be nice to her. After the fact that he explained it meant something in Arabic, they were still angry and didn't want to hear any of it because they googled it and some ugly result came up. So they assumed that's what he necessarily meant and that he was being racist. Assuming the worst you know.
More real*
US Citizenship is granted after 3 to 5 years depending on the situation. We can't tell if he was born and raised in America.
Cashier mispronounced but he later clarified he thought the woman was Arab.
Arabic is the language, Arab the person.
He saw him coming
Looks like the tree grew in between the rocks
I assure you some of it will fall inside
I don't get it
[Blond vs. Blonde](http://grammarist.com/usage/blond-blonde/)
He thought she was Arab. Someone said there were quite a lot of Arab and Middle Eastern customers shopping at that location.
"Wide" matrix gap
[sheaply.com](http://www.sheaply.com) - Selling space in your luggage by helping someone ship things overseas faster and cheaper
That depends on where the server is located.
How early?
You can't have the 2 at the same time I guess
Did you know you could use it as the metallic clicker inside a homemade hand warmer?
Not acting or pretending just grabbing part of the "throne".
It is possible but it would require an enormous amount of organization and coordination. I suspect that each and every person owns their apartment there and they have absolutely no community management. Also people can be working different unstable jobs. So the finances to make one big system won't be there at the same time.  In the Arab world, satellite TV came like a progressive wave. First it's rich people who had it, then the richest guy on the block, then the less rich and so on and so on until everyone was able to afford a dish eventually.  Newly built buildings do have one dish with several LNB heads or one dish per satellite for the entire building. If you had one dish directed to one satellite it's not going to serve 100% of the people at 100% of the time. These dishes have a motor that turns it to the right satellite and different channels are on different satellites.
البلدان العربية = Arab countries  Thank me later ;)
Insanely cheap.
I assume those would be Crown Vics
What if someone's wife writes the check forges what looks like an identical signature then the guy comes complaining?
It looks more like Chipotle with all the veggies
What's the price like over there?
those* people. And more like their actions to be specific.
They are called paws
This is an intimate topic we're talking about. Hugging and kissing between opposite genders or some crazy abnormal homosexuals.. so obviously they're referring to some passionate hugging and kissing, duh. I'm done with you.
Does that mean AJ+ will be done?
Amazon has contracts with 1-800-FLOWERS and the order goes in seamlessly to local florists.
You got it.
Make that stinky French cheese like Camembert.
The burden of splitting the shares would fallback on the company
They are not heavier than the air around to sink, unless it's an air with different properties or different heavier molecules.
*feetsies*
[Neurosurgery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ji7fohBEPnM)  **WARNING:** NSFL and blood.
Relou
I'm not here to convert, no one can change a person's heart except by God's permission.  Just from the few replies I'm getting here I'm getting my answer. Basically people who are curious to find the truth end up Muslim, the rest drift away from Islam and silence those big questions inside them.
Next time you go to the lab, don't trust that *OUT OF ORDER* sign. Try to turn some on.
This is already the case in Morocco and for 5 years. This is not even just for startups, any services company.
Is that one of those Facebook clone scripts? :)
Second time I see this today. At least this time it's not upside down.
The exhaust needs a little tuning..
Looks like Canada..
What are the chances of that living outside the warmth of a body for long periods of time?
Orange is a telecom company in Europe
How is that different in terms of performance?
It's pretty common in many places. I have seen in many 3rd world countries.
May I ask why HERE maps in particular? Many have the offline maps feature.
Why? What's the difference?
