Yep. Two great distractions.
Accessibility code is pretty fucked. 99% of parking lots have many times more accessible spaces than they need, and 1% of places have nowhere near what they need. It means well, but has almost zero to do with the reality of the situation. For example, in my municipality, balcony thresholds are limited to 1/2" *from the interior*.  From the exterior, the limit is somewhere around 4".  What the hell kind of sense does that make?
You shut your whore mouth.
Sounds like a case of plausible deniability to me.  That, or "I'm going to fuck you, but don't even try to be my 'boyfriend'".
Interesting. Did some googling, looks like it works well in cold climates if the low-e coating is on the #3 surface (outside surface of interior pane). This helps transmit the absorbed heat into the space. In hot climates, you use the #2 surface (inside surface of exterior pane) to help transmit it to the exterior.
Unfortunately, this is a very real problem for the military.
This big, throbbing, veiny upvote.
Is that where he teaches the 12 sexy disciples that he travels with to be 'fishers of men'?
That wasn't comparing apples to oranges, it was using hyperbole to illustrate a point.
Or an apple and a hunk of cheese
It's probably the sound of flatulance traveling up a urethra. That can't have a pleasant sound.
Make a bed of chopped carrots, celery, onions, and garlic. Stuff the cavity of a whole chicken with the same. Coat the top with salt and pepper, cook.
Another way to improve STC that we use in high rises is to add an underlayment between the flooring and the subfloor. Something like this:  http://www.soundproofcow.com/Step-Above-Flooring-Underlayment.html  Additionally, you could add a second layer of gyp on the bedroom side of the walls, and possibly hold them off the studs with a resilient channel. This will help keep the sound from traveling down the studs to the floor structure.
Not to be confused with "Waffle Blue".
Watt
Have you ever broken the speed limit, smoked pot, or illegally downloaded software?
You have NO idea.
Lol @ good lord
The Earth. We'd be floating in space.
Or use one of [these motherfuckers](http://www.mardianconcretepumping.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/mardian-crane-concrete-pump.png).
I would get my bow and baseball bat, load a bag up with as much food and water as I can carry and head up to the roof of my building.  I'd pick the lock to the access hatch and close it behind me.  Not being able to lock it from the outside, I'd wait behind the hatch with my bow ready to see who else was smart enough to come up there.  The ladder and opening mechanism I think are too complicated for the undead to operate, so I would just have to assess if the people that made it up were friend or foe, and if they had anything to offer.  As the chaos died down, I'd start to search my building for survivors and supplies.
Chop celery with carrots and onions. Stuff inside a Cornish game hen or two. Place hens on a bed of the same. Salt and pepper, maybe some thyme. Generous tab of butter on each, cook.
Then gargle and swallow it.
They eat sunbeams! :D
Almost forgot, add a bay leaf with the apple and discard before serving.
While fucking her, put a finger (or thumb) to her lips without breaking stride. She will most likely take your finger into her mouth, and suck on it while you keep fucking her. If this is obviously turning her on say something along the lines of "fuck, that feels amazing. I want to feel those lips on my cock".
When I cook brats, I first caramelize half an onion, then deglaze with a little beer and add half an apple, diced. Top with the brats and cover, simmering for about 10 minutes. Remove brats, and brown both sides in the oven on broil. Slice brats, and serve atop a bowl of the onion/apple/beer.
Interesting. That's the only explanation here I hadn't heard before.
Um, no. Teeth can be used very effectively during head if a girl knows what she is doing. If she doesn't though...
A jar of mayo does make a very unique sound when used as a masturbation aid.
&gt; Since the cop was so intent to find heroin trafficking in the conversations he was listening to, he may have convinced himself that this is what the driver was talking to someone else about.  And, actually, he may be right.  The man in question may actually be a heroin smuggler.  He still has the right to due process however, and ignoring that right is a huge misstep on the cop's part even if the man was doing as he suspected.
Minor detail.
Wat
I'd like to think he got a new paper sorter just like everyone else in the office, but Lisa decided to bring his to him personally.
So do you just white-out the $100 and write $104 or something?
alternatively, you could use *shift right-click, s* to toggle the insertion snap instead of typing INS.  *shift right-click* pulls up a menu of snap options, all with a single letter hotkey.
Measure.  Precisely.
Asshole Saying AsaP?
&gt; Skin-tone is #f5e6d3
&gt; #602c00  Lol, racism
More likely, learn to scan and replicate the chip.
Reminds me of [this room](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3g09ev/room_with_mirrors_on_the_floor_ceiling_and_walls/) with mirrors on all sides and clear furniture.
You mean like [this](http://i.imgur.com/CGfY0.jpg)?
Given that it's an insulative material, it would be one of the worst things you could possibly use for thermal mass.  It's like 99% porous, which means it would store almost zero heat.  To do what you're talking about you would need a dense material that conducts heat well.  Pretty much the opposite of this material.  Metals would work, or stone.  To get the transparent effect you are wanting, good old fashioned glass would work.  It's dense, conducts well, and is quite transparent.
I'm sure if we ever discover alien life elsewhere in the universe, if they're vegan, they'll tell us.
Check your UCS. If it's set to something other than World, it will effect where the xref is placed.
Well if there's just the two of them, no reason to break out the twelve pack.
Facadomy at it's finest.
Ragu, or Bolognese, is what is commonly referred to as "spaghetti sauce".  Technically spaghetti is a pasta, and it is served with some sort of sauce, but the term "spaghetti sauce" has become so commonplace that correcting it is being overly pedantic.
Huh.  I didn't know this was an American thing.  TIL
