Hopefully.
Damn so close for Boeser!
Those are some silky hands
No he's probably jet lagged still
DUDE WTF
Yeah so, ya know, we need to get pucks to the net and get in on the forecheck, the other team is playing hard and we need to play a full two hundred foot game you know
Holy fuck how did I totally forget Tanev lol Jesus.
Ferraro was, if that helps give context to this.
Really? Cmon dude, it's 2005.
Higgins in, McCann out? #justWilliethings
Can someone tell me why the fuck Dorsett is on with the Sedins?
Time for Dorsett, right?
LUUUUUUUUUUUUU HOLY FUCK
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Just wait till the r/KassianGifs start rolling
Way to go.
Is that Mason Raymond in #26?
Is there another way to say it?
Sooooo how does this affect the Canadian economy? It sounds like it is gonna hurt it more if there's more oil distributors selling, no?
&gt; seen him do it a *few times*      &gt; McCann *always* shoots low      Alright buddy
Strange request.
And no call on the Baertschi tackle..
How do New York fans feel about the Utica Comets?
Except it's way different than the Baertschi situation, if I'm not mistaken Baertschi's contract ran up and he said he wasn't going to re-sign with them, so they traded.       He didn't bitch to the media, he didn't refuse to play, and it seemed fairly drama-free, minus the management calling him out publicly.       Drouin is still on contract and is letting his agent act like a child and fuck with his career, which sounds an awful lot like what's happened with Johansen.
Still 1-0
Good ol Jack
*knock knock*
Oi Edler. Nice recovery though.
Since the Tampa game? lol buddy it's been since waaaaay before then.
We are.
Kay is it pronounced Zaleski or Zalewski cuz it's definitely spelled like the latter but Shorthouse keeps saying the former.
Oh okay, I get it. Daniel was just saving this moment for against the Bruins. Beauty.
Didn't they release a video of the lottery happening and they have representatives from every team in the room including impartial members of the gambling assosciation? There is millions and millions of dollars on the line for 14 different teams during the lottery, they're definitely not going to sit back and let unfair shady shit happen when their team's futures are in question.
Yup, that's a hook.
Going on two full games right now
BO KNOWS
Baertschi McCann Virtanen all have gotten benched for next to nothing. Vey throws the puck in his own net? Let's play him hard in the last 4 minutes! #justWilliethings
How would we have room for him? Who are you envisioning removing from the lineup? Especially when we have Shinkaruk and Gaunce coming up from Utica and Boeser following (hopefully) soon after?
Alright, we get it, they're playing like shit.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves here, that post also went on to discuss a Virtanen for Hamonic trade happening, which (thank god) has not transpired. It's one thing to see a famous person retweet another famous person and guess they're dating but the real detective shit would come in on the trade part.
Pedan?
Other teams potentially wouldn't have as much incentive to pay big for Hamhuis, as Washington is far more likely to pay whatever it takes to get to the Cup this year with how good they've been doing.
Are those rival towns? Schools?
How do you guys know these names?
"Willie if you don't shut the fuck up laugh out loud?" What?
And who plays with the Sedins in this scenario?
Fair enough, never saw that. I did hear Oilers were shopping him at the deadline but obviously nothing transpired.   I highly doubt Edmonton would go for Subban. He's tiny and has always been a huge question mark, and they'll probably be looking for someone they can throw in their lineup immediately.   I would expect them to be looking for another Reinhart-tier trade in terms of what they're willing to give up for a better player, and a defenseman that isn't gonna spend more time in the AHL, so unlike the Reinhart trade in that respect.
You would've been shot by secret service
Same with Shinkaruk and Bennett, no?
Because he had a shoulder(?) injury
