Not this year though, next year's market.
Fucking interleague.
They're stretching him, perhaps to enter the rotation. I guess Perez goes into the bullpen? Speaking of David Carpenter, he's been pretty bad this year. Though I really miss Shreve. I don't think I really understood how much our bullpen was stripped until the last couple of series. It's not just Kimbrel.
Not Feastmode!
3/3!
I don't think we'll compete this year, but we might be close. Next year will be more interesting, with some of those pains gone. Imagine a matured pitching staff.
Were you inspired by Ted Danson...
She's like 20 years younger than him...
You're pitching coach looked angry.
Do you think the prospects are noteworthy or minor pieces?
San Fransisco to match the new typeface.
/r/theydidthemath
Try Khan Academy's course on SQL.
No more cool high fives with Peterson
He's been playing pretty well for someone who's had a hand injury.
Simmons just missed it.
They don't usually play a catcher after a night game if the next game is a day game.
Uribae
Wow never seen his face.
El Capitan
Finally snap!
http://www.baseballamerica.com/draft/2015-mlb-draft-signing-pools/
Dan O'Dowd...
Bregman
Approximately 45 mins until the Braves draft.
https://twitter.com/jjcoop36/status/608057246883450881
Peter Gammons just said that.
Tyler Stephenson for Philly
Apparently Randolph
A UCLA recruit, Allard continued a recent trend of top-rated pitchers coming up injured prior to the National High School Invitational, joining other elite arms like Jordan Sheffield, Dylan Cease and Lucas Giolito. Allard’s issue was a stress reaction in his back, less of a concern than the arm injuries that felled other prospects this year around the country. Allard was the youngest player on USA Baseball’s 18U National Team last summer, helping the team win a gold medal, and has compiled a long track record for a high school pitcher that made him the top arm in the class entering the spring. He has a firm fastball that has touched 96 mph and sits in the low 90s. He does it easy with a feel for the strike zone. Allard has the hand speed to throw a tight, plus downer curveball, which was considered one of the best in the last last summer. He’d made just two starts before coming up injured this spring. Allard had begun workouts to potentially return to the field in early May, and scouts were speculating he could get back on a mound for some private workouts before the draft, but clubs likely were going to have to consider last summer’s performance and this spring’s medical reports as the key information for where to rank Allard.    -BA
Bickford can smoke all he wants now!
Nice pick.
Lucas Herbert?
There's Matuella
Just drafted Anthony Guardado.
Really, didn't hear about that.
Terd's time the charm.
They had no room for him in their crowded infield.
The Pineda game must have hurt.
I missed the beginning of the game why is everyone talking bout Simmons.
Cost them their #12 prospect according to BA.
Well I guess they did well then. Forgot Turner was coming so soon.
Padres have gotten a lot more paranoid lately...
With two out.
Always on the foot for Teheran.
Minor League Ball has a very short one with the rest of the NL East. Could you summarize Keith Law's article basically?
Cliff Lee; He really didn't figure it out until he was 30.
His reach is amazing, I don't think any other player has a sub dedicated to him.
Fuck how could I forget about that one!.
It was on DOB's Twitter.
