&gt;Unwanted_Commentary: No, it shows that you have 10 alternate accounts and an unlimited supply of Hot Pockets. The only two people that actually played the game in this entire thread disagreed with you.  You have me confused for someone else. You also need to mature a little bit.
&gt;It's alright man, no need to be angry.  Maturity has nothing to do with the matter.  Please troll on the forum of a game you've actually played.  Maturity only has to do with your actions and comments in this thread. No one is angry. Its just disappointing to see this kind of behavior out of a mod.
I'm not sure if you're retarded, or Greg Jackson . . . .
Because he ran against someone who didn't get as many votes? That's usually how this process works.
Honest question here: If one was so inclined, could they legally take the animal down, clean it and eat it?
Is that a definitive no because you're aware of a law, or just an assumption?
A tazer is never an option when a firearm is suspected to be in the situation. Remember, this was a call in response to a display of firearm.
You see, the speed of the bottom informs the top how much pressure he's supposed to apply.
I don't get the joke. . . .
[Remember, use the proper etiquette for those pics.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3ph7a-dS08)
I wonder what will change when xb1 is running dx12.
i didn't mean just for battlefront, I meant gaming in the future as a whole. The xb1 is basically going to become a mini-computer running the most supported PC os in the world, using DirectX right along with it.
Once again, I don't just mean from a graphics stand point, and pc portability. dx12 will allow better utilization of existing hardware. Of course a software change won't affect physical hardware components.
Which version of directx runs on the ps4?
When you compare how a game that supports both dx9 and dx11 runs under each, it becomes evident why people are curious about the changes it'll make in the console world. One of the biggest benefits of dx12 will be the advanced optimization of existing hardware.
His arms, wide open.
Reddit, take note: imgflip loads very slow.
I totally read this as Shogun curing diabetes by face stomping it into submission.
Doing something intentional, and unintentional are two separate things when you want to do a karma count. Remember when you said "karma"? Yea, that matters a lot for karma.
[She's the new slow motion man.](https://youtu.be/eJ4G18KQFgA?t=14)
&gt; The switching of animation styles is distracting and really makes the whole thing feel like a collab.  I'm sorry, but could you explain this a bit for me?
TIL there is a progress bar in steam for things.
Is this shit your job?
Oh I don't know, maybe who it was that was arrested, was the weapon stolen, history (if any) of the person arrested? Just things I guess. . . .
K.
Hey motherfucker, get your ass back in here and respond to /u/Andyman117 .
Not really.  &gt;Born	Stipe Miocic August 19, 1982 (age 33) Euclid, Ohio, U.S.[1]
[K.](http://i.imgur.com/1XqMCim.gifv)
Do they fucking have to be?
They're like Squeak, from Baseketball.
He was tripped by the invisible foot of Corruption.
Here's a comparison I made. PC still looks a little better, image compression on the screenshots robbed a little quality.  http://imgur.com/a/wcWfx
Was there a high score they were trying to beat?
Star WARS.  Not:  Star Friends  Star Wizards  Star Brunches  Star Disagreements  Star Playground Scuffle  etc, etc
SHUT THE FUCK UP, BILLY!
I can't read this shit.
Now that you've seen the picture, have you called to report it?
Also seen on the front page of reddit, today.  https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4n03j2/a_bible_store_in_kansas_has_trouble_understanding/
https://youtu.be/TgL_5QcZCMo  Yeah, fuck you, too. Fuck *me*? Fuck *you*, Fuck you and this whole city and everyone in it. Fuck the panhandlers, grubbing for money, and smiling at me behind my back. Fuck the squeegee men dirtying up the clean windshield of my car - get a fucking job! Fuck the Sikhs and the Pakistanis bombing down the avenues in decrepit cabs, curry steaming out their pores stinking up my day. Terrorists in fucking training. SLOW THE FUCK DOWN! Fuck the Chelsea boys with their waxed chests and pumped-up biceps. Going down on each other in my parks and on my piers, jingling their dicks on my Channel 35. Fuck the Korean grocers with their pyramids of overpriced fruit and their tulips and roses wrapped in plastic. Ten years in the country, still no speaky English? Fuck the Russians in Brighton Beach. Mobster thugs sitting in cafés, sipping tea in little glasses, sugar cubes between their teeth. Wheelin' and dealin' and schemin'. Go back where you fucking came from! Fuck the black-hatted Chassidim, strolling up and down 47th street in their dirty gabardine with their dandruff. Selling South African apartheid diamonds! Fuck the Wall Street brokers. Self-styled masters of the universe. Michael Douglas, Gordon Gekko wannabe mother fuckers, figuring out new ways to rob hard working people blind. Send those Enron assholes to jail for FUCKING LIFE! You think Bush and Cheney didn't know about that shit? Give me a fucking break! Tyco! Worldcom! Fuck the Puerto Ricans. Twenty to a car, swelling up the welfare rolls, worst fuckin' parade in the city. And don't even get me started on the Dom-in-i-cans, 'cause they make the Puerto Ricans look good. Fuck the Bensonhurst Italians with their pomaded hair, their nylon warm-up suits, their St. Anthony medallions, swinging their Jason Giambi Louisville Slugger baseball bats, trying to audition for "The Sopranos." Fuck the Upper East Side wives with their Hermès scarves and their fifty-dollar Balducci artichokes. Overfed faces getting pulled and lifted and stretched, all taut and shiny. You're not fooling anybody, sweetheart! Fuck the uptown brothers. They never pass the ball, they don't want to play defense, they take five steps on every lay-up to the hoop. And then they want to turn around and blame everything on the white man. Slavery ended one hundred and thirty seven years ago. Move the fuck on! Fuck the corrupt cops with their anus-violating plungers and their 41 shots, standing behind a blue wall of silence. You betray our trust! Fuck the priests who put their hands down some innocent child's pants. Fuck the church that protects them, delivering us into evil. And while you're at it, fuck J.C.! He got off easy! A day on the cross, a weekend in hell, and all the hallelujahs of the legioned angels for eternity! Try seven years in fuckin' Otisville, J.! Fuck Osama Bin Laden, al-Qaeda, and backward-ass cave-dwelling fundamentalist assholes everywhere. On the names of innocent thousands murdered, I pray you spend the rest of eternity with your seventy-two whores roasting in a jet-fuel fire in hell. You towel-headed camel jockeys can kiss my royal Irish ass! Fuck Jacob Elinsky. Whining malcontent. Fuck Francis Xavier Slaughtery my best friend, judging me while he stares at my girlfriend's ass. Fuck Naturelle Riviera, I gave her my trust and she stabbed me in the back, sold me up the river, fucking bitch. Fuck my father with his endless grief, standing behind that bar sipping on club sodas, selling whisky to firemen, and cheering the Bronx Bombers. Fuck this whole city and everyone in it. From the row-houses of Astoria to the penthouses on Park Avenue, from the projects in the Bronx to the lofts in Soho. From the tenements in Alphabet City to the brownstones in Park Slope to the split-levels in Staten Island. Let an earthquake crumble it, let the fires rage, let it burn to fucking ash and then let the waters rise and submerge this whole rat-infested place. [pause]   No. No, fuck you, Montgomery Brogan. You had it all, and you threw it away, you *dumb* *fuck*!
Fire extinguisher killed the driver.
Good 'ol Decisionator is back.  Mark my words, he'll never headline a ppv.   Edit: never *again.
At the rate immigration and reproduction, give it a few years.
&gt;Why did the owner hate you so much?  /u/IndigoRanger , Get your fucking ass in here and answer this question.
"How about a magic trick? I'm going to make this pencil disappear."
You sure about that?   Edit: Posted below:  Brenton Thwaites - Cairns, Queensland, Australia  Courtney Eaton - Bunbury, Western Australia, Australia  Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - Rudkøbing, Denmark  Elodie Yung - Paris, France  Gerard Butler - Paisley, Scotland, UK  Geoffrey Rush - Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia
Brenton Thwaites - Cairns, Queensland, Australia  Courtney Eaton - Bunbury, Western Australia, Australia  Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - Rudkøbing, Denmark  Elodie Yung - Paris, France  Gerard Butler - Paisley, Scotland, UK  Geoffrey Rush - Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia
Wut?
Username checks out!
Oh look, another fight where someone is calling someone out who has nothing to lose, but everything to gain.  Get to 135lbs, get the ufc gold, make (some) money.
Fact Checked via LiveLeak.
