I would not be surprised. They let anyone upload things. Use to be very lightly moderated, but they've gotten better.
I did not mean throatfucking... lol
Why did you want sex left out of it?
So... D as in Dog?
Yeah... When you get a local anesthetic it still hurts a bit to be stabbed with the needle.
Beer and cheese curds?
Maybe with a nice brown mustard and a thick slice of cheese? And, what kind of bread are we talking about? Rye?
This should really be /r/evenwithcontext
So... apparently Canada and Denmark have some kind of a territorial dispute. As a Canadian, would you please explain that to me?
Actually, he's probably being totally serious. Movies shot on film are done at 24hz traditionally because the human brain can only perceive 10-12 actual images per second, so anything above this starts to create the illusion of motion. However, the human brain actually works asynchronously to perceive visual stimulus so... higher numbers are not actually wasted, they're just not really needed to create the illusion of motion either.  Tl;Dr: Film movies are shown at less than 30hz, so it's a common misconception and that guy is probably serious.  Edit: Added the summary because some of you like to post huffy sounding replies to people you agree with.
This is pretty typical. Expect those articles later in the day. This was announced probably less than 5 minutes before the article was published, they were racing each other to publish.  Also, they will typically announce the ruling before the opinion is actually available to read, which will have all the details - down to which older cases they've decided to creatively interpret to explain how this is just a clarification of an existing law.  Edit: accidentally a word
The sizes are: Short, Tall, Grande, Venti, Trenta.  They're 8, 12, 16, 20-24, and 31 ounces. And, I have no idea why Trenta is 31 ounces and not 30... that's just what a source I looked up just for this said.
updated to include
?
So it is clear, that would not actually be legally binding... But, could be a place to start.
No. The answer was "Cat." Meow you are banned from /r/catsstandingup
He just posted his raw data.
While the words are the same in meaning, "Crouching" and "crouching" are different stimuli, and so are "dragon" and "dragon?", the brain generally looks at words as one shape, so any shape change is going to matter for this purpose even if you know that the shapes mean the same thing.
Its
Maybe. If it is, they're fucked. Not sure who told them to do this.
Next time you're in court, just ask another defense attorney about it. Oh... And, you do not post shit about a client confessing to you anywhere. Seriously, wtf. Should not mention that to another attorney at all either.
The person he is replying to is not discussing the transaction from the article, they are sharing an anecdote about their own bank as part of a discussion about bank procedures.
It does not take a couple of days. A wire transfer takes about 4 hours in my experience. They are not even next day. Wire transfers move the money around in either the fed's or a large bank's accounts... Money is credited as soon as your bank has confirmed it is there.
If there is no ownership of property, then its not illegal to take it.
To respond to your Edit, the police generally allow you to contact your own attorney. If you can't afford an attorney, one is going to be provided for you if you're charged with a crime which could result in jail time.   Oh, and if you're ever being interrogated by police... you use the right to an attorney to make the interrogation stop. If you use the right to silence only, then the rules are much easier for the police to get around.
Exactly why I just removed it.
Code please. :)
They are fairly common if you know where to look. Of course, that is not obvious for everyone.
It is an unlimited spending limit. You want to charge a yacht? Go for it.
Coming Soon^^tm
I'm not sure how it worked... But they seem to have some function in place to prevent one person from monopolizing the conversation. The 18 posts were all one guy, I think.
So... Rarest problem we ever get - And, not deleting just so people see it - the quote you use should still mean something without its context.
One is generally required to have tried and failed on this before notice by publication is allowed.
Large plastic bag.
this is the right answer. No soliciting signs mean nothing. it is not trespassing to knock on the front door of a residence, might be some exceptions. Oh, and it might be illegal to require the permit for non-commercial speech... Just... That is not cheap to defend.
[Skeletons reveal their one weird trick for amazing weight loss!](https://www.reddit.com/r/RoastMe/comments/429jkt/im_a_mom_of_2_preschoolers_i_have_stage_3_breast/cz8x5n0)
SpongeBob squarepants!
So... I'm sitting here looking at the numbers, and I just can't seem to see how you arrived at your step 3. Can you show your work?
The attorney did not go to a pointless hearing... He saved the client money by not going. The only thing he did was not call the client.  This situation is not like an oil change. This is more like if you're scheduling an awesome paint job, and when you place your order to have it done they tell you it can be brought in in two weeks because that is when they will have the blue sparkly color changing paint in that you custom ordered. Well, day comes and you bring your car in. After some initial confusion you get a phone call from the owner of the shop letting you know that the paint did not come in on time despite their best efforts to get the company to ship it, and in this call me mentions he is at the hospital with his daughter who has a broken leg.  Should the paint have arrived? Sure. Is it likely the shop did their best to make it arrive? Yes. Did they forget to keep you in the loop? Absolutely, but that is their main error. If they called before you left the house then you wouldn't really care that the paint was not ready yet.
It is not a logical leap at all.  1. The spouse has not waived service.  2. They are bothering with a temporary orders hearing.  3. She is currently not receiving support at all.  If it's uncontested, usually the spouse is already stepping up to offer some assistance, but even if they're not... Waived service and dispensing with temporary orders in favor of a hearing immediately after the waiting period is much more normal.
Because it was hotter than coffee is normally held, and the cup was basically defective. It was just shy of boiling and was not drinkable when served.
Actually... While it is still possible for it to be legal for an NC-17 movie to be seen by a minor, most movie theaters will refuse admission. R is the rating where they will not sell to anyone under 17, but the theater still defers to parents. In practice,an NC-17 is likely to be pornographic and it may very well be illegal to allow a child to see it.
Not to be a dick, but realistically we can tell when a dog is stressed or confused... we can hypothesize why, but we will never know why they seem to be that way - even if it goes away after we act on our hypothesis and that correct the problem. It could've been somehow tangental. Maybe the dogs were just feeling over worked? Maybe the handlers were feeling distressed, and the dogs were feeding off of it?
This did not belong here.
Like
Stop
: A
Diarrhea
Asshole
When I'm typing this, the top comment doesn't really answer the question so I'm going to just answer it really quickly and hopefully people see this still....  First, while computers do do some of the trading autonomously much of the time there are still people inputing trades into the computers for the computers to execute when the trades are done on computers.  Second, I want to point out that while the markets do close there are exchanges open in a viable way 24/5. It's only something like 2 hours from when the New York markets close until the ones in Asia open up, which are actually filled with some busy after hours trading. And, before the Asia markets close the european markets open. And, then the market in New York open again before the London markets close. The only time there are no markets open is on the weekends, well... except of course the markets in Asia are open before it's even really monday in the US.  Finally, the people on the floor at the NYSE are trading large blocks of stock personally. Basically, the way it's set up... There are traders and market makers. If you're trying to buy a particular stock, you go near the market maker and call out that you're wanting to buy/sell a certain amount of stock. The other people there are likely looking to do the same and you may be able to make a deal with them rather than the market maker. Or even for larger amounts than you might've been able to do otherwise without moving the market. For instance, it might be that 1000 shares are available at $20, 1500 at $20.01, 700 at $20.02, etc... but, you're needing to move 100k shares. So, what do you do? Well, you talk to the other traders there and you might be able to get that abnormally large trade moved without pushing the price up as much as if you just took all the relatively small amounts of stock that were available on the market at that moment.
