/u/psione
They have since downgraded their only 40-man raid into a 20-man raid. Also, a very, very, very, *very* small minority of the community got to experience Datascape since you have to progress through Genetic Archives first.
Remember when Sylvanas was able to raise the dead under her control using the Val'kyr?
So what else is new?
If you don't mind me asking, how can the last four digits of a credit card be deciphered?
&gt; Dedga.me  I chuckled when it led me to the StarCraft II page.
&gt; 9/10 "It's okay"  Fixed
To access Hidden Palace Zone, you [fall down what was previously a spike-filled pit near the end of Mystic Cave Zone Act II. The spikes have been removed and falling down will transport you to Hidden Palace Zone.](/spoiler)
So by 'state-sanctioned', does that mean they have to produce propaganda songs?
Very few international companies have wished to become a title sponsor of GSL after the game declined in 2012. Hell, we even had Hot6ix, an energy drink company *exclusive to South Korea* act as a title sponsor for GSL for quite a few seasons.  While it might have made a few ~~weeaboos (is there a Korean-obsessed equivalent of this word?)~~ koreaboos want to try Hot6ix, it hasn't really impacted their sales outside of Korea, because 1) Hot6ix isn't sold outside of Korea and 2) The SC2 scene represents a very, very small minority of potential non-KR consumers.
"Mmm yeah Asmongold, shall I fondle your balls as well?"
&gt; don't be a cunt? ok, don't teach and learn to google without being an illegal employee from a first world country in a developing nation.  Maybe you should learn to read the fucking subreddit rules.
&gt; We absolutely do. I think many people severely underestimate how much content we read. We always appreciate when people put in the time and effort to write out detailed thoughts or opinions.  &gt; While this is a new blog, we've seen many of these points brought up before and have discussed them with development. We know these requests are important to the community and we're always looking to make sure that hot topics such as these are given the appropriate amount of attention internally.  &gt; With development ongoing for ~~Legacy of the Void~~ Funorb, there are still a lot of discussions taking place. As such, we may not be able to jump into topics with definitive answers on feature requests, but we still want to let you know that the request is heard and will be discussed.
Neverwinter is an ORPG and lacks massively multiplayer elements except in the capital cities. Almost all of the game is instanced much like Guild Wars.  Marvel Heroes is an ARPG. I mean we don't class Diablo III as an MMO do we?
^[citation_needed]
Private Kim Yong-Ho rushed into General Lee Song-Ra's office in a hurry. "Sir, I'm back from my reconnaissance assignment. You *have* to see this" he exclaimed.  "This had better be important!" the general shouted, offended that his subordinate had broken military protocol and stormed straight into his private quarters.  "Believe me, I've stumbled upon the discovery of the century." He placed the laptop - a top-of-the-range custom-built Samsung notebook issued by the South Korean armed forces - on top of the general's desk and folded the device out. He booted up a 3D map, running on bespoke military software.  Surveying the map briefly, General Lee seemed unimpressed. "This is what you barged into my office for? A simulation of North Korea?"  "Yes, this is North Korea, or at least what we see of it", replied Private Kim, panning the camera downwards until it ended up clipping through the terrain of South Pyongan, situated north of Pyongyang. "But look below the surface and you will find something mind-boggling!"  General Lee gasped. "A massive bunker network? Inside North Korea?"  "That's what they want you to think" explained Private Kim, as he moved the camera deeper into the underground network. "This isn't a bunker at all. This is an underground metropolis, and a very well-decorated one at that."  "You see those floors?" he asked, pointing towards the floors of the long, twisting corridors of the Korean Metropolis. "Those are paved with marble."  "And if you went towards the centre of this huge metropolis" Private Kim elaborated, panning the camera several dozen miles north-east into South Hamgyong, "then you will find their source of power. Geothermal energy. The cause of all these earthquakes. That means it's not nuclear tests they were runni..."  The general stopped his subordinate and picked up the laptop. "That will do. What you found today, Mr Yong-Ho, will change our understanding of our neighbours for decades to come. Good work"  The general then paused as he was about to step out of the office. "Can you do me a single favour though?"  "Yes, sir!"   General Lee pulled out a revolver, and in a single motion of his right arm, shot Private Kim in the forehead. The bullet wound killed the Private instantly, and dropped his lifeless corpse to the floor.  "Don't speak about this to anyone!"
Well we got a Mother announcement from Nintendo earlier. Anything's possible.
You know, controllers cost less than most mechanical keyboards these days. You could buy an Xbox 360 or Xbox One controller for your PC for less than a Steelseries 7G or Razer Blackwidow.
It was due to a trademark infringement, which was resolved by the time Dinosaur Planet was released, which is why Lylat Wars was rereleased as Star Fox 64 3D
That notion is still alive with the baby boomer generation.
Durr. Neutral special.
They also went to Eton.
Wasn't the Honey Bee Inn a part of the cross-dressing sidequest? I'm sure it'll get rewritten or scrapped as some of the scenes there wouldn't fly with a 2015 audience.
&gt; after he smashes down my door.  [( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nSKkwzwdW4)
Too bad they haven't competed with Intel on performance since the Core 2 era...
In true Bethesda fashion, the game crashes to desktop at this point.
Just like how they've taken action against bots and win traders in SC2 and WoW?  I thought so too...
According to /r/WoW, the overwhelming consensus is that they've only banned the offending account.
what happened with Justin Timberlake's relaunch of the site anyway?
Well that escalated quickly...
This game looks like an ultra-gory Russian parody of Streets of Rage. It's at the point where I'm half-expecting a shirtless Putin to walk out [to the tune of pounding techno.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruRk1O-dH-c)
With a reasonable amount of content on release and lots of upcoming content at a reasonable price, F2P.  With a good amount of content on release and even more upcoming content afterwards, B2P.  NEVER P2P. Aside from in PC bangs where paying per hour is a service charge for the premises themselves, and where Blizzard can introduce great incentives to pay said service charge, Overwatch will never be a game that will justify paying a subscription fee.
http://ih1.redbubble.net/image.23313180.1943/flat,1000x1000,075,f.jpg
Checked the sidebar, the last LFG mega thread I saw was several months ago. What gives?
The best part about this is that nobody knows who the fuck MarineLorD is.  He's just a no-name Terran player with a few ZOTAC tournament wins under his belt who went in, curb stomped Hydra, curb stomped Innovation, curb stomped Parting twice, and then proceeded to curb stomp Innovation again.  And Hydra, Innovation and Parting are NOT easy opponents. Two of them are top paid KeSPA Koreans. Oh, and did I forget to say that MarineLorD is a French Terran, and that non-Korean Terrans are known to be weak?
To be honest, region locking can only *improve* the quality of foreign play.  Region locking doesn't really affect Europe that much, because the Koreans who came over there to play in WCS EU got residency visas anyway, since you'd pretty much have to reside in Europe in order to really compete and practice against the European meta. Plus, a lot of the Koreans who came over to Europe (like Jjakji, Mvp, ForGG and MC) were pretty much has-beens that would be eliminated in Korea.  As for Americans... they can pretty much connect to the KR server and experience low levels of latency, because Korea is far more connected (via undersea cables) to America than to Europe. The effect is even less noticeable if you are practising in the West Coast, hence why ROOT Gaming established a team house in California.  Hence, Americans could already get Korean levels of practice if they spent their time grinding out dozens of games a day over on the Korean server, which is what eSF and KeSPA teams actually did to get better at the game, not do in-house scrims. Just ask Totalbiscuit about that.  What region locking *will* do for the international scene is give foreigners greater viewership, enough money from increased exposure and tournament winnings to sustain themselves, and a chance to compete on the world stage which they otherwise didn't get back in 2014. [The idea is that Blizzard want foreigners to earn enough money so that they don't have to worry about their financial situation, and can instead worry about improving their play, which is a strategy that has worked wonders in the League of Legends scene with LCS and Riot's support for team/coach salaries.](https://vimeo.com/15488784)
My money's on HayprO.  IdrA and Grubby have publicly acknowledged that they have zero interest in StarCraft II, even with the release of LotV, otherwise they'd play the beta. Also, IdrA would find it very difficult to be accepted into a roster, especially considering the circumstances in which he was released from EG back in 2013.  VortiX or Lucifron is possible, but why would you forsake being part of one of Europe's best Heroes rosters just to play SC2 again?  Stephano's technically retired but at the same time he's competed occasionally since, and exploited imbalanced playstyles which Blizzard would later nerf.  Jinro has showed little to no interest in SC2, and I'm pretty sure he's content with playing poker and MMA over in Korea. Also, he hasn't exactly been 'on form' since 2010...
JonnyPatchzerg? That's a name I haven't heard in a long time.  A *long* time.
Plebs
You're thinking of Shia LaBeouf...
Yup.
Remember when Dual Tournament stages used to be Bo1 back in BW?
Oh my god that guy looks like Quin69.
I'd suggest going on Fiverr, FiverUp, GigBucks, Roundshelf, Alert3, or any other site where you can contact freelance pixel artists and make enquiries.
Stephano had a GSL seed at one point, and he was also the only foreigner on EG-TL to actually win games in Proleague.
/r/theredpill is leaking?
Abathur's quite slim.
Did I seriously watch some dude pounce on her and start dry-fucking her in the middle of that moment?
AMD crossfire?
And look at how well free, ad-supported 1080p has supported events like WCS, IPL, etc. Broadcasters and TOs have to make their money somewhere, otherwise the scene becomes one huge charity case.
