Louisiana scores lower on most of those statistics though.
Most stores stocked Wario at strangely low levels for a Mario character.
Wait, you need to sign up for it?  I thought they were just going to distribute it through Windows Update.
Download a new OS disc image from Macintosh garden and reinstall.
1997 would have been 100 years since Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, so the mug could have been commemorating that one.  (I had to look it up, Victoria and Elizabeth II are the only monarchs to have celebrated a Diamond Jubilee)   But those companies that make the "collectible keepsakes" that usually end up in discount shops do get pretty desperate for events to make commemorative objects for.
Yep, [Just like one of the previous attempts at building a libertarian paradise](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minerva_Reefs#Republic_of_Minerva), they'll be invaded once they actually start to build a settlement (and no, a hippy camp that isn't even in the disputed territory doesn't count).  If they keep trying to build there, one of the countries will do more than just block access with police to keep them out.
A lot of the IC2 metals are alloys, though it also adds copper.
For some reason, the post reminded me of that movie "Being John Malkovich", and I'm hoping that's what you're referencing.
Macs are the preferred computer for a lot of programmers and other IT people.
Well, have fun listening to a guy sing like he just had his tongue removed.
Every popular kids show has porn though. I've seen Scooby Doo porn on 4chan.  If you get rid of MLP porn, there will just be something else. The Internet isn't a safe place, and this is why kids need supervision when they use it.
I hope that's an easily removable tape like gaff tape and not duct tape, otherwise you'll never get all the residue off.
The bases in the Keys are probably better situated to prevent a blockade of the gulf coast.  Gitmo is on the southeast side of Cuba, but it's the northwestern side that borders the gulf.  The Florida Keys have always been strategically important for defending the gulf, and the US military has operated bases there since before southern Florida was habitable.
Yeah but at those extreme levels of wealth, money is more like the score in a Mario game than a real tangible thing.  Those guys probably only have a few hundred thousand dollars in cash, the vast majority of their worth is in investments of varying levels of liquidity and real estate.  If you take $1 billion from someone worth $10 billion, chances are they aren't going to notice it until Forbes publishes the rich guy high score list.
Dropbox is also disadvantaged compared to Apple, Google, and Microsoft in that it's not built in to any OS. You have to choose to install Dropbox over preinstalled alternatives, so they have to be more compelling.  Price is the simplest way to do that.
What does "Dinar" mean though?  It's the only thing the picture don't explain.
Wow, all of the top GPU chips on one board!
Amazon never charges until they ship.
Microsoft actually does make Mac software for a lot of their products. I know there is a Mac version of Intellipoont, Microsofts mouse software. You should be able to expect at least basic functionality from the standard USB HID drivers though.
Well some parts of Canada are always cold...
What, Tim Hortons didn't give that away?
I realize what sub this is, but the Nazis actually did make plans for the future German state which are quite interesting to read about.  For starters, [here's what the Nazi's envisioned as German territory after the war](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greater_Germanic_Reich).  The Nazis decided that they were to build the successor to the Holy Roman Empire, and so they would expand Germany's borders to include all areas with populations of ethnic Germans.  As such, this great empire would need a great capital, so after the war, Berlin was to be rebuilt as a modern Rome.  Albert Speer, the Nazi Party's chief architect, was to basically redesign the whole city.  [The Nazi party actually had it's own architectural style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_architecture), sort of a combination between modernism and neoclassicism.  Of course, none of this redeems the horrible things the Nazi regime stood for, but I do think it's fascinating to read about.  The Nazis really "perfected" the fascist state, in addition to the governmental order they planned, they also spent a considerable amount of time planning the cultural legacy of the Third Reich.  All of this was part of the propaganda, designed to create a culture which people would want to be a part of.  And it worked, Hitler and the Nazis remained relatively popular with German people even toward the end days of the war.  People never questioned the camps and failing war effort because of the well crafted propaganda machine reminding them that all of this was for the betterment of all ethnic Germans.  This stuff is something everyone should know about, because it's scary how close they were to succeeding creating a true socially and culturally engineered fascist state.
The problem with her little stands (and I say that because posting a letter on the Internet is literally the least she could do) is that Taylor Swift and her defenders seem to forget that before streaming services came around, total revenues from music sales had been falling thanks to the increasing availability of non legitimate sources for acquiring media. Regardless of your opinion on illegal downloads, the fact is that it's here and it's not going anywhere. The hydra that is The Pirate Bay should have made that completely obvious by now. Spotify and Rdio and Apple Music were all created for a recorded music market that has to compete with free.  These services need to be cheap enough that people decide to use them over just grabbing a torrent of everything.   Every time I hear her complain about streaming services devaluing her music, I wonder if she's ever seen a website offering free downloads of Taylor_Swift_completediscography_320kbps.zip
TIL that the xkcd characters have names
Don't you know?  All redditors are from Roanoke.
It also comes with a stand, so you could just keep it and have it on a shelf.
You need a lala for the other end of the age spectrum
Yeah, that's the intention. Nobody is targeting the small neighborhood church that operates a soup kitchen, they're targeting the mega churches and organizations that operate as tax free corporations.
Because they're cheap and plentiful.  The only sales numbers I could find were from the 80s and 90s, and Chevrolet was selling around 300,000 Cavaliers a year in the U.S. alone.  It's a cheaply made econobox designed to sell in high volume.  It's the car equivalent of the cheap MDF furniture sold at Walmart.
This is one of those things that the show never really seemed to want to directly portray.  Early in Enterprise, a lot of people thought Reed might be the first gay character, but that never happened.  That episode you mention does feature the only same sex kiss in Trek, but even in that episode, they don't really tackle it head on.  It's likely that homosexuality is viewed as acceptable and normal in the Federation, but at the time the modern series were aired, portraying gay characters on television was still pretty risky.
But hey, if you were unfortunate enough to have been named Nourmohammadi, you're in luck!
A lot of video streaming apps detect video out and refuse to play.  The audio out is allowed because it's like using headphones.
Good news, the whole film fits on one Bluray.  Too bad same can't be said of the Bluray version of the Lord of the Rings extended editions.
Making Android open source means Google has much less control over the platform.  They moved the core apps to the Play store to break them from open source in order to regain control.  Even then, the fact that Android itself is still open source means that the looming threat of fragmentation still exists.  Samsung could easily decide to just use the open source portion of Android and fill in the rest with their own apps like Amazon does with the Fire line if they ever decide they're sick of dealing with Google.  They have the marketshare to pull it off, it's just a matter of execution.
5900 rpm is such an odd speed, and drive speed isn't even listed on the Amazon page, so I can't tell if it's a typo or not.
They're probably better off going to /r/buildapc and getting more specific help though.  Sites offering US only rebates may not even be competitive at all in other countries.
You are, but bringing it up now would be like revving the engine of your Ferrari while sitting at a stoplight next to a guy on the side of the road standing over a broken down Ford Fiesta.
What was that color called, Vault-Tec Blue?
This is a meme?  It looks like the mad scribblings on an asylum wall.
It's all about product concept and positioning, and you're really the only one to touch on that.  The iPod shuffle is the cheap player for active or irresponsible users.  It's meant for workouts and kids.  The iPod nano is the step up, if you want more than a 2GB iPod shuffle, Apple wants you to go for the iPod nano instead.    Besides, with no screen, how the hell would you navigate more than 2GB of music?   The iPod shuffle is only really meant to hold a playlist, not multiple albums.
It's a modern reproduction of the original globe theatre, which was destroyed in the mid 1600s.
They don't put a dedicated GPU in the 13" because there has physically not been room for one since Intel moved their integrated graphics into the north bridge.  The north bridge became big enough to force the GPU off the logic board, and you can't omit it because it's a key part of the chipset.
If there's no heat or insulation, those books have probably been exposed to water and ice, and are thus probably pretty shit fuel for a fire.  And since most of Siberia is a taiga, you'll find better fuel than books for your fire outside.
On Balmung everyone was handing out elixirs for people to complete the sun minion quest and just sitting in the Amphitheater in Gridania with said minion out as if it were a candle.
The illegal part is if the town has a law prohibiting public intoxication.
From the [Cornerstone Speech](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornerstone_Speech) given by the Vice President of the Confederate States shortly before the war:  &gt; Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition.
Pull it with a crow bar or similar elongated metal object with a bend at one end.
What the hell is with Virginia lately?  Just the other day there was an article about the state wanting to ban gender changes on birth certificates, and now they have a bathroom bill.
GameStop typically ships before release date though.   But it does suck having to pay for shipping.
It can't be Ra, he was killed when his ship was blown up with a nuke.
