Decay spam makes ES hit like a wet blanket and fold like a card table during the laning stage and a good Tombstone will reset the CD timing on blink late game.
Beastmaster hawk...
There are term limits.  They come up every two years for Reps and six years for Senators.
&gt; According to FIFA, 14% of injuries on grass were non-contact-related while the figure rose to 22% on the turf.  ...  &gt; the NFL’s Injury and Safety Panel presented a study finding that anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injuries happened 88 percent more often in games played on FieldTurf than in games played on grass. In 2012, the NFL Injury and Safety Panel published an independently funded analysis of actual game data over the 2000-2009 seasons. Their statistically significant findings showed a 67% higher rate of ACL sprains and 31% higher rate of eversion ankle sprains.  In other words, the best turf in the world blows out knees and ankles at much higher rates than grass.  There isn't a debate about turf to be had here.  It is simple about allocating resources to improve the quality of the game which is FIFA's stated mission.
Urn sucks on Invoker.
I don't see what you are raging against.  Tactically we don't use three strikers however Barcelona does use three strikers (and has at least one on the bench--so realistically a team using three strikers actually needs 4-5 for depth).  When Remy comes on to the wing for Chelsea, he isn't playing a striker, he is playing an inside forward just like Hazard and Willian, that is to say he isn't leading the line.    If we wanted to play like Barcelona we would need a better midfield (and arguably more possession oriented wing backs) to make up for the lack of responsibility our version of N-S-M would have on the defensive side of the ball.  We aren't Barcelona so none of that matters.  We play one striker, maybe two in desperation time--Barcelona plays three strikers-- not two wingers and a striker as you suggest.
Dave is not available.  Don't even thinking about it.
Jupiter Crash
You guys really don't want Wilshere so you might as well just let him go free.
0.94 goals per 90 minutes.
The two strikers ahead of him have higher than average injury risks and Chelsea plans to compete in four major competitions.
No, /r/politics (among others) was removed because Reddit learned that it was big enough to focus on the lowest common denominator and that people are more likely to return to the site if they only saw information they already agreed with.  Like all recent decisions, this is about commercializing Reddit and making it more appetizing to advertisers.
You used to be able to hover over the dagger and see the range but they disabled that which effectively screwed over the learning curve for all new players.
Maybe 20M if Cech is worth 10M?
Exactly.  There is a left in the US, some just don't identify their leftist ideas as being leftist.
Well then he loses when his opponents tell the people who stand to lose the most.
Ok, well you misinterpreted.
None of your examples have fought successful campaigns with light arms versus modern hardware.  ISIS loses literally every battle the US provides modest air support to the Kurds.
None of those examples are total war (which civil wars tend to bend towards) and you are dismissing the impact of (lack of) air support in all those conflicts or particular events.
Dark Seer you kind of should know if you are getting a melee enemy carry so you can effectively disrupt early game farm.
Sharks are attacking people because their feeding grounds are shrinking due to climate change and over fishing; both are human caused issues.
Maybe you've heard of John Taylor?
Wasn't this his first role since his Opera meltdown?  That's what also made it kind of perfect.
Keys to the Hero:  * Broadly known as an "anti-carry" due to Static Link removing damage from enemies and giving it to you along with Unstable Current slowing and doing damage briefly to anyone attacking you.  This allows you to stand toe to toe with most enemies without issue most of the game.   * Razor is a good hero against melee heroes, especially in 1v1 lanes as static link and early boots will win you the lane.  Also good against ranged heroes but you become more reliant on Plasma Field and controlling runes for mana. * Static Link gives you damage even if you've drained it all the attack damage from your enemy so keep it going for as long as possible.  You can also drain enemy illusions so feel free to go for a max Link off them.   * Static link and Eye of the Storm both work if Razor goes invisible *after* using these skills.  I don't recommend shadow blade but if you bottle an invis rune it can be quite fun.  * Static Link and Eye of the Storm pierce magic immunity so don't give any fucks about BKB or Omniknight repel.   * Plasma Field is your main nuke and is used to bully your enemies out of lane as well as speed up your farm.  The energy field does damage twice, once out and once back with max damage when fully extended.  Ergo, the key is to hit your enemies when it is max distance which becomes second nature once you get used to it.  Bonus (gold) for farming creeps at the same time. * You tend to get all your skills off very quickly so Razor does exceptionally well against silence in all phases of the game. * The ultimate (w/o Aghs) targets the lowest health enemy in range and while the damage is important, don't underestimate the -1 armor per hit versus enemy heroes. * Razor is one of the few heroes in the game that can use a Refresher to double ultimate which is awe-inspiring and strikes fear into all who oppose you.   * Eye of the Storm when upgraded by Aghs targets towers and barracks over creeps and enemies which melts these objectives. * Unstable Current will proc immediately when Spirit Breaker charges you so if you are paying attention you will almost never get a surprise charge.    Skills:  * Value point in Static Link which is good for level 1 rune fights.   * Max Eye of the Storm (Ult) and Plasma Field when possible * At least one value point in Unstable Current by level 4.  Likely prioritize Static Link over Unstable Current.    Item Builds:  * There are two main ways to play Razor and it doesn't change too much depending on the lane you are in (the main difference likely is you won't need a bottle in the safelane).  (1) Race car or (2) Pushing * Race car (or fighting) Razor for me is the standard build as it synergizes best with your kit which is positioning (but not blink) reliant.  Both Plasma Field and Static Link require you to stay at a certain range from your enemy so being faster than your opposition is helpful.  This means Phase Boots over Treads.  Aquila is an efficient first item but maybe drums if there is a lot of nukes for the early ehp and MS.  Yasha minimally to accelerate your MS and farm with situational consideration into S&amp;Y or Manta .  Hint: the slow from Sange is nice when static linking, the Manta is good to shed debuffs and to push a bit harder. Get BKB if needed followed by Butterfly (against right click) or Heart (against magic/burst spam).   * The more gimmicky build (imo) is the pushing build.  Probably get Aquila and Treads in this strategy.  A lot of pros will get Mekanism which certainly is useful at a good timing window.  At this point you really have to decide if you are committed to this strategy and if you are then you get Aghs and Refresher though this can weigh your team down until each item gets completed.  BKB if necessary at any point.  With Aghs and two ults going, you can take objectives very very quickly and basically no one can stop you or want to push into you.  If they try, just static link them and right click them to death.  Repeat every 60 seconds until game is over. * Other items for consideration:  Desolator is a great win more/faster item for either build.  Halbert is an excellent choice if the game is hard and you need to deal with right-clicks from an enemy like Ursa who can burst through Static Link though Blademail works better in some situations.  Assault Cuirass is also a very good item some games since it fits his playstyle in either race car or push mode.  MKB or Daedalus are also pretty standard items to get if Static Link isn't providing the damage your team needs though Razor isn't optimized to be a true scaling carry.  Lastly I will mention Diffusal Blade which now is very useful in getting off max damage Static Links and is a great counter to Omniknight ult.
Yeah but the police aren't being paid overtime.  The lawyers haven't collected their fee.  The politicians don't get a chance to receive ~~bribes~~ campaign donations from both sides, etc.
He turned up in the place Pedro should have been.
Blehs
https://www.opensecrets.org/overview/sectors.php
There is a direct link between the Orthodox Russian Church and Putin's position on gay rights.
Pick TA, Pugna, Nyx, Pudge.  Win game.
A parameter could be that they will start on a particular start date.  Doesn't mean they are the objective best, just the best within your parameters.
Patience.
Also a much different player...
The run game suffered as well due the offensive line so we couldn't use the running game to set up the pass either.
We were the worst in run blocking and the 2nd to worst in pass protection.  What delusion are you referencing?  http://www.footballoutsiders.com/stats/ol
Chelsea pocketing that £1M profit for 1.5 years of service.
There was a thread of over 60 replies, many of which appear to have been tampered with as well.
I completely agree that the meta is only important in super high mmr.  The only reason Slark is strong in 3k games is people don't know how to play around him or counter pick and occasionally an allied support is bright enough to de-ward based on Slark's ult.    Slark counters:  * Puck (silence/escape/nuke) * Anti-Mage (escape/mana burn) * QoP (escape/nuke) * Doom (doom) * Tiny (nuke/craggy) * Bloodseeker (silence/thirst) * Lina/Lion (stun/nuke) * Timbersaw (escape/aoe nuke) * Riki (silence/escape) * Pugna (aoe nuke/ward/semi-escape)
Blink bkb
Please, enlighten those who are curious instead of withholding your precious secrets.
If you look at the stats, the team attacked down the right when DeLeon was on the left.  The problem that arose was from this conscious or unconscious decision is that Neagle had like a 40ish pass complete rate so it made no sense at all.
The Pope proposed tribunals a year ago and now has backed off for a policy that is arguably the same policy.  Inaction to look like action.
That's why he needs his Eul's
The point is this is all window dressing because this authority already existed and continues to fall short of the tribunals that Pope Francis proposed a year ago.  Maybe in another 40 years when all the perps and most of the victims are dead something concrete will be done?
&gt; And now there will be no excuse for the Church to not enforce the law  There has been 40 years of excuses.  Of course a new one will appear and if that one is wiped away another will arise.  That's why the tribunal proposal was so intriguing.  It would have wiped all the excuses away in one fell swoop.  Unfortunately the Catholic hierarchy is more powerful than the Pope.    In the meantime, we remain in the status quo while the perpetrators remain in positions of power to prevent the prosecution of themselves.
You miss all the omnislashes you don't take.
Not one loan to DCU while he could do that unilaterally.
[I am Nostradamus](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4mzf88/team_empire_vs_team_secret_post_match_discussion/d3zrkym?context=3)
Any decent riki will be a prepared for a warding war and aggressively win it.
Undying is still a decent hero, he just can no longer solo offlane.  He needs a ranged ally with a reliable disable now.
