Avoid the meth.
The Scribd icon looks a lot like Scruff
Does the tribe that lived there for generations pay him rent?
When the forest is gone you don't get paid to guard it anymore.
Among people who use Spotify instead of merely tuning a radio to OTA  (Over the Air) programming.
Who will shoot? Oh right, hired guards.
A lot of people will almost comment
TL;DR  Blackmail worked for /u/ToolPackinMama
This new color they didn't discover; what does it smell like?
The courage and self respect to not continue a one-way relationship  = leaving.  Is that what you did, did you leave ?
Call the accused to the witness stand
And somehow we also built infrastructure that was the envy of the world - and now it's crumbling
Rejected how?    Did you say "fuck off, cunt"? Or did you remain silent?
At work, you might have work to do. Is it okay at work to just work while ignoring chatter about current events such as last night's TV shows and this week's movies?
If you care enough you create new accounts
Whoever downvoted prefers boys?
You should see the insides of its stomachs
What did they "win"?
Why?
If your  menu tree told the caller "this call may be recorded" why would the caller tell you they accepted your offer? Wouldn't the caller probably prefer to get right down to whatever issue it is that prompted them to call?
I don't have to tell you because you already gave permission when your menu system said "this call may be recorded. .."
Their  automated greeting said "this call may be recorded..." so I did.
How deep from your tract can you puke?
Or Kirk Cameron 's penis
I just look it up (google) again the next time I wanna cook it
Many of those units are already occupied by rats and roaches.
And I'm having a difficult time understanding which one is written in the top post.
In most US states,  the highest paid public employee is a university athletic coach.   Edit : someone downvoted the truth,  yet can offer no rebuttal
You forgot to subtract food stamps and other welfare programs that disappear when Basic Income is implemented
Where is all the money now? How much bigger are the *too big to fail* banks now than when they got bailed out?   **Where is the money now?**
And Section 8, and ....
Most agents aren't rational and no information is perfectly symmetrical.   Capitalism doesn't give a damn about negative externalities and never will.
Millions in donations aren't *to* any particular candidate.    Coal mining corporation donates millions to 501(c)4  organization called "Blue Skies for America"  Blue Skies produces  advertisement and buys air time (and cable TV  / satellite time) to run said advertisement. Advertisement says something to the effect of "Congressman Shmoee wants to triple your electric bill. Don't re-elect him. this message paid for by Blue Skies for America"    See how that was millions donated but not *to* any particular candidate?
You would have to outbid the largest banks on Wall Street
There's costs involved in freezing it.
The home refrigerator uses more electricity year around than any other appliance. The commercial  ice machine is a special kind of refrigerator, and it uses even more electricity than a home refrigerator.    Should a cup of ice cost a dollar? No, but it certainly wasn't "free" for the store to make it for you
* Latter
His collar is too tight
If the pump for that well runs on electricity,  turn off the electricity to the site
&gt; wait for them to get bored   And hungry,  and thirsty,  and run out of toilet paper. ...
Open range is a thing.
How many cases of canned beans did he bring?
The poachers and arsonists don't even want the "help" of the Bundy "militia"
There might be only a dozen of them too
150, a  dozen. But who's counting?
Someone probably brought an autographed copy of one of Glenn's books.  That will give them one extra day after they run out of toilet paper.
The Bundy boys crossed 3 states to get there
There was more than one fire.
On the BLM land in Nevada  where gramps Bundy runs his cattle for free, yes.    I have not heard of a tortoise being involved in Oregon. Whereas the occupied building is on a wildlife refuge, so there are probably tortoises. Endangered?  Who knows.
&gt; same area   For those of us not in that county, the protest and the occupation occurred in the same county, but many many miles of snow and ice covered 2 lane roads separate the protest from the desolate wildlife refuge
