You've got a friend in me (bah dum bah dum bah)
"Where are my testicles, Summer?". That was all I needed.
-heavy breathing-
Not sure if emoji analysis translates to swearing but maybe
Or since day 1
Mostly tap spells (except zapping hordes) and drag troops
IT'S YOUR BOY
Easily bent, flexible?
LET'S GO!!!
Easy bent, flexible?
We're on to... uh... either KC, Houston, or Miami?
Was the Floyd block on there and I just didn't see it? Great job as always.
By running into his center's ass?
Easily bent, flexible?
It's been a long time gone
And James Earl Jones is pretty old
...Captain Deadpool
So- Night's King- Brady Snow- Luck/Rodgers Dany- Eli  That's as far as I've gotten
Username checks out.
Somebody call PETA. Our new WR seems to enjoy dolphin cruelty.
Baby: "hey I want my arm."  Dog: "no."
Presented by Bill Belichick, is the 2016 Bill Belichick CotY Award, presented to... Bill Belichick
Yeah, if Bill Belichick joined Reddit.
Hello children
Dude Portal was the shit
He's the man who's gonna burn your house down!  with^the^lemons^
Up
No let's not do that
1
As is tradition
Shit. In no particular order Civil War Deadpool Rogue One Dr. Strange Mad Max Matrix Bee Movie Batman v Spermicide  I'm sure there were more but those are the ones I remember
A Song of Ice and Fire
EB, Hog, Zap/Log. 12 elixir
Sparky, Ewiz, Zap, Lightning, Tesla... what am I missing?
Play
r/empiredidnothingwrong
Boobs?
s..e..n... oh.
You just leave whoever you hit... stunned.
While wondering about good Elite Barb counters, I kept finding myself using the Log and Ice Golem. So, why not combine those cards into one? Quake Wizard essentially fires off a short range log every two seconds, complete with knockback and inability to hit air troops. It also works as a more offensive version of Bowler.
This only worked with gold storages for me. But it definitely works, you all should do it.
What? All the way back to 1550 now?
...what?
...no?
It's ok
...No. That's not how it works.
Guards, Ice/Golems, Giants?
That's not how it works
No way. There's no way he could do that! /s
No that's what he would do if he was
