Amazing read, thank you very much.
If you have to worry about what post on reddit is safe at work or not, maybe you shouldn't be redditing at work. Anything that you see on your screen can be logged on the way to your computer very easily.
What controller settings do you run?  First 50 matchmaking games since cartographers gift?
more than life support for someone who had a helmet, lived, but in a vegetative state?
mag :)
and beaf curtains
Catch that falling knife son
What a gas!
Look at the size of the shells.
Dont get overrun. Treat your spawn as a base to be defended like it is.
The face. LOL
nethack?
The water is clear from the lead supply, or mostly clear. This is pee water.
Flint poisons its own river, the town is a shithole, and they are pissed that they cannot use detroit water, which is amongst the cleanest in the country.
I just meant that its not drinkable, but people are still using it for toilets etc. You can't expect it to be free.
Both world wars were started where? Who came to help both times?
does the game still punish joystick users?
+2 life of stressing
Are the scarves an inside joke?
Metal is another great alternative.
Check the valve clearance on the Z06 you are interested in.
OP
Intellivision was what the cool kids played.
Lol at the down votes
optics and radiators should also be ruined by damage.
Do you get all the things you say from movies?
Du hast mich
Du hast mich
Is it true that even after the work is done, youll have to do it again after X amount of years/miles?
and clearly not a dental professional
ZZZZZZZzzzz
Do you guys recommend virtualization even for small business? Seems like an added cost. We use datto for backup already.
It was a domain controller and also hosted exchange as a vm on the same machine? How many users?
Part of being cucked is when the other person knows about it. Seems like this word is gaining popularity, but people dont know exactly what the concept is.
They want him to train their guy since he's been around for 5 years, then they will boot him. They also get to pay less by not having him full time. Remember, these are the guys that fired his company to start. 1099, no benefits to pay, it's a win for them.
For those new to the game. There are lots of people who actually enjoy the game, its just that we are playing, not on the forums whining about every single change.
What percentage does the nexus 6p hit 200 nits at?
Makes a lot of sense. Cool, so basically massively portable and able to upgrade easily. Do you see much performance hit with hyper v? Is your file sharing and printing on the vm along with the ad? I would imagine so.
Running without grass on, I see.
Too late
Now support the vive...
When you move, I think you can give your forwarding address to the various shipping services and they will handle it for you. Contact them.
Do you need the outlook app on android installed? I don't see it as a separate download on the play store.
Thanks!
If gsync is on, I dont think you are using vsync, anyway. Why would you? Both techniques are there to solve the same problem. Gsync being the better if you can do it.
I read somewhere to try two of the flexible ones and its basically the same thing, have you tried that?
connect a gigabit connector (probably a modern laptop) directly to the router and do a speed test from there. You dont want to test internet speed with wifi, too many factors such as interference to give you a real result.
I cringed
You guys think it needs to be on the website for them to to buy one off of their employer?
They said newegg was releasing on 6/7. Its 6/6 for 3 more minutes lol.
