He said hed owe a lot of money he might not be avle to afford to the government.
We don't know how much he owes..just saying..
Take the class
Academics arent. Academics and networking.
Precalc is required for a class so you have to take it. I dont get the confusion
Google theit requirements..i found my end goal grad schools requirements online
Go on pinterest.
Separate cat 1
College is something you do in your own time. If you want to wait a year that's fine and nothing wrong with that....Your family should support that. It doesn't mean you won't attend college, it means you might wait and do better too.
Where do you live? The cost of living is different everywhere.   If your college isn't highly ranked that's alright, especially if you did enough to set yourself apart. You're coming out of college with no-debt which is more than most of us, including me, can say.  Your knowledge in your field is much more important than where you got that degree from.
They might if they don't know it, especially, like the others said, if there's a TA grading it. If a TA is grading your papers instead of a professor, use the American version...
There are many dogs that are afraid of being brushed and bathed but unfortunately it is necessary. It's definitely something you, or your husband, should do yourselves though if htey have anxiety (long as they don't bite or anything).
University  - more people in classes - a professor who might not know you as well as in CC - you have to be more responsible (along with this is that you teach yourself a lot too)
Why floysians
Take her to the vet
If in-person isn't, see if he can do it a little earlier before the library closes.
The sleep disorder part makes sense, but is it possible to do it earlier than 8:30pm? Because most are willing to re-arrange somehow if that's an issue. You can probaly just meet in their office if they teach on campus too.
Just say something like this, to be professional:  Hello, Dr./Mr. [Professor's name]  I was wondering if we could meet at an earlier time, if this is convenient for you, because I have class conflict issues, as well as, slow internet connection, that could cause problems with an online meeting.  Thank you.  - [Your name]
The amount of financial aid? It should stay the same if the EFC is the same. You probably won't get as much remaining though, if anything, and might need other loans. It depends on where you go and what scholarships you get in the meantime. You left out information regarding any attempts to look up scholarships.
Financial aid doesn't change. The cost changes.
when they're just getting used to you, always go with them
Get the other members involved and let them help decide which way is better between the two of you if they aren't giving any input.
Why not an apartment?
Did the treatments not work?
Probably not. Ask your advisor.
You dont. They just send it..
Shepherd ears..
Get a vet. Find a good kind of food for the dog whether you make it yourself or buy it. Dog proof your home. Get leashes and collars.
I never heard of that kind that doesn't amputate them.
Go with adukt cat. Kittens need you there.
Get a good GPA at the CC and talk to the advisor there about what you like and dislike from the gen eds you'll probably have taken. This will help you decide on a major before you transfer.
You need to talk to the college you went to and see whoever, an advisor or someone, that can help you. Did you take out the max loans you could?
Make sure you don't get a kitten too young because you won't be home enough to take care of a really young one
Does your family read your novels or something?
there's a limit on the amount of loans you can get
Yes you need to send everything.
Major in biology if you can, a lot of public universities have the first two years the same whether you do pre-med track or not. Then you make that decision after your sophomore year. At least that's how it works here.
Then you need to find it.
Accept them then go on fafsas website and do the entrance counseling..
Its also realistic since most room with strangers.
And the reason is that people apply to many places and dont wind up accepting them. This is how they fill a program.
Intermural sports can help
Before bringing a new pet. ALWAYS make sure your current animal can handle it.
Slow feed bowls. Get one
People make them all the time.
Doggy day care that you trust
Show them. Thats what we did
Get them out of there.
It hurts your gpa to blow off gen eds
It usually doesn't strongly affect the dogs personality. Keep the dog always on a leash and socialize with 1 or 2 dogs and not a dog park.
