Ethanol is the alcohol in alcoholic beverages, so yes. Don't drink E-85 though, the mixer tastes like gasoline...
Gives new meaning to "raising" an alert.
Behind their back or to their face.
In GTA terms, this is normal.
Mmmmmm toffeeee.
Sort of.
I did say that no one tree is that old.
&gt;When women and people of colour are telling you you're being racist and/or sexist...
Because they make generalizations on "the rest of Reddit."
Nonono. You get 20 guys to come rip up their yard, then they'll stand around pointing at things and shielding their eyes from the sun for two weeks. Then they'll halt work for three months for an environmental review, then scrap the whole project due to cost overruns and someone will just build a Kohl's there instead.
-1 for creeping  +12 for finding the best possible buried treasure.  Heheheh
&gt;smush mitten Olympics  I don't believe I've heard that term before. Is this some sort of lesbian initiation ritual?
Speed bag with shaker insert. Send me a T-shirt when you're rich.
Rent. Bills. Cars. Tools. Professional electronics. Travel expenses. Investment purchases. Things that are necessities or actually worth $350.
A bit...?
It's whoever "the other people" like at any given moment.
So....she should go to lady jail?
Wat?
Do they complain about/fear Mexicans? You didn't specify.
Relax. It's a joke.
Or captured into a degrading orbit until you hit the horizon or are ripped apart by the high energy particles forming the cloud around it.
Bear was only trying to show him a stoney time at the mountain!
You heard the mushmouth to? Sounds like she was trying to talk with a wad of Bubblicious between her molars on both sides.
So a series of guys named Murphy walking onstage playing the pipes then getting boots to the chest? I'm in.
Instructions unclear. Dick stuck in Mic jack.
Did you just slip into JarJar for a second?
Ah, Ol' Muphry's Law!
Shit's gotta be like 300-400 pounds.
I've been witness to it making all manner of car run like shit or at least inefficiently. Not like I've been a mechanic for the better part of a decade or anything...
Fox owes their fortune to the Simpsons.
Like?
Thirtysomething.
La Fours!
Da Rude
Sex isn't a set thing where you touch boobs, then the peepees and hoohoos, then mouths to peepees and hoohoos, then finally peepees to hoohoos.  No. Sometimes you just gotta stuff your face in some labia mid bonk. What guy doesn't think it's hot when a girl pulls it out for some old fashioned shaft slurping?  You must be a bore in the sack.
Wat?
Joke=over your head....
For a few minutes? Kid breaks an arm, you take them to a hospital. Mom can wait ten minutes to find out.  I've watched kids for a few minutes. Nobody died or freaked out. Usually I just make a new friend.
Hashtag thatsthejoke.org
Something something broken arms something jolly rancher something steel memes.
That's length, not degree of fuckup.
With Dave playing the white guy and Charlie Murphy as BB.
More like meth, booze n heroin. The Kesey Kids spange and sell things.
Name that looks like a Welsh village, hitting on sheep.... I'm convinced.
Normally, yes. But in this application, the tremie pipe is parallel to foreshaft on the grammeters, so you need to transduce the friction through a hemispherical obtusion.
So you don't not want to not have anal sex? Or you do not not want to have anal sex? I'm confused.
Drrrr drrrr drrr, of course.
[Nostalgia!](https://youtu.be/2DDbJzDAZUU)
It was a very different time. If they couldn't outright prevent blacks and other "undesirables" from voting, they could do the same in practice by giving them criminal records.
Yup. Phosgene. Nasty stuff. You're correct that it's not true mustard gas, but as you said, it was used in WWI alongside it and is much closer to it than chloramine (in practice, to the layman, not the molecule itself)
