I've not been to a McDonalds in more than 25 years. What am I missing?
Can you point to a worked example of what you mean?
When we think of brood parasitism in North America, we most often envision parasitism by cow birds. However, cowbirds rarely parasitize barn swallows. Were you able to examine the contents of the nest early or after the eggs were expelled? Barn swallows often lay more than 2 eggs, and so early hatched birds may have pushed out non-hatching eggs (infertile eggs or eggs not yet ready to hatch). Those eggs (those that hatched and those that did not) could have come from the same pair, but alternatively, what you may be witness to is intraspecific brood parasitism, barn swallows trying to rear their young in the nests of others. http://www.bioone.org/doi/abs/10.3161/068.040.0201
I wish it were that way. The problem is that IT isn't judged by how they maximize (or even optimize) organizational capacity - there are no metrics of capacity or accomplishment by which to judge them. Why? Because they don't exist to satisfy the mission of the organization. It's those of us doing the business of the enterprise that are judged by what we accomplish. And right now, because of IT's incompetence in keeping organization resources secure, the organization's ability to accomplish its mission is hamstrung.  If a mechanic can't keep a vehicle functioning well, the mechanic is replaced. The mechanic isn't responsible for maintaining the vehicle AND policing the streets on which it operates. IT should not be responsible for organizational security. An entity separate from IT is needed, one that allows IT to do information technology rather than information security (IS). Bring in people trained specifically in security to handle information security, rather than leave it in the hands of individuals with AA degrees who cannot and do not possess the education to cover the breadth of IT let alone IS.
The error pointing to the registry makes me wonder whether you have the immortality key? Have you used WinBUGS before on this machine?
If he clears waivers, he'll probably get an IR designation.
It's all pro bono, no dues, only the time folks invest in it.
There is no reason you couldn't go to graduate school right now. You may have to make up some of the coursework, but if you find something that leverages your educational background (e.g., diseases affecting both humans and wildlife), somebody would almost certainly love to have you.
Most campus bookstores I'm familiar with do not allow you to stroll around with a book bag. You got to check those things.
What country are you in, because that won't work anywhere I've been in the U.S.
I wouldn't call this a repeated measures analysis. A repeated measure requires you to repeat the measure, and as best as I can find, they did not test a subject more than once.  Edit: misread their procedure. I still don't understand the worry about unevenness of sample size.
Is a Pilsner a light lager?
Looks like a robin to me as well.
Math is a fundamental characteristic of the Universe. Morality is not. Math is whether we observe it or not, morality only exists if we create it. If our species identifies something universal, it still requires negotiation with other species to make it so. Otherwise, it is simply no more than a human aspiration.
They learn to move quietly when outfitted with a bell. Bells are easy for them to adapt to because they are pounce predators.
I'd like to see a 1:1 line with the points above the line in blue and those below in, say, red, to identify which made money and which did not. The exponents are blurry so it's hard to see by eye. Cool figure nonetheless.
Good to know.
You are within your rights to decline to extend authorship to this tutor if he did not materially and substantively aid in the development of the manuscript. A co-author doesn't have to write anything, but they should have helped in developing the ideas, collecting data, provided analysis or important inferential insights, edited the manuscript, etc.
You're right.
Swartz's error was believing that previously published science could be made free by fraudulent means. His interests would have been better served creating a means of publishing open science moving forward. I suspect we may someday reach the point where scientists will publish their work on their website. It'll have a digital object identifier, be indexed, receive post-publication review from peer scientists, and be free for public consumption. To put something like this into effect would require something to organize all of this, something that mashes arXiv, ResearchGate, Kudos, and other publishing, peer-reviewing, and publicizing tools.
Your inference should be that there is no apparent relationship between these two variables.
Or the Governor, as with Governor Walker of Wisconsin.
A middle liveried package is not the same as unsolicited merchandise. Edit: autocorrect sucks. That's supposed to say 'misdelivered', which my iPad now wants to correct as 'misread reed'
Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution. - Theodore Dobzhansky.
The points I'm referring to are published estimates; the data contributing to them are unrecoverable, which is why I'm treating them as data.
If they used eBird for this, they cannot know if birds head out over the Atlantic to make their way between NA and SA.
Habitat selection, foraging selection, and migration ecology are so commonly studied that they're often not even thought of in terms of ethology or traditional behavioral ecology.
Do not do this. Stop. Say no. Then look them in the face while they re-adjust. If you blink you'll be teaching 3 lectures a week for the semester. Do not blink.
I'm not so sure. Have the Chiefs ever resigned an offensive lineman since Dorsey has been in charge?
Jah Reid is a journeyman from the Raens, not a home grown asset.
True. We shall see.
Fugly!
Nice to have helper... Only one dog doing any work there.
The field is overwhelmed with talent but underwhelmed with jobs relative to the need. This means you need to be uber-talented relative to your peer competitors. You also need to be uniquely talented, possessing a skill quite rare but valuable. Being a molecular ecologist or quantitative ecologist, for instance, means marrying two (or more) disparate disciplines, basically with the idea that the skills you offer are available rarely elsewhere. And then, you hope you picked a niche that has sustainable resources flowing to it. The themes in this reply are competition, niche evolution, and carrying capacity (perhaps among others) - notions you should become intimately familiar with as you pursue your studies in ecology.
Percentile? But maybe since your username is 'ribbing', you knew that and were just, well, you know...
Probably Mr My Name, without the degree after.
Then don't go.
Who do you trade? Not Knile Davis. The Cowboys have more running backs than needed. Maybe De'Anthony Thomas, but if they wait long enough they can get him for free.
They kill a lot.
I can't tell, but is this in an R package?
They tied for the most defensive touchdowns (with Arizona). Defensive scoring is too opportunistic to count on from one year to the next.
Good science rises to the top. Why? Because we understand the system better because of it. The business of science is set up so that it separates the wheat from the chaff, by publishing those studies that promote progress and ignoring that which doesn't. Now, maybe in the humanities it's different. I have no idea what sort of objective function you can pass humanities-related work through to make progress in the field. It has just dawned on me that OP may be decrying the "subjective function" in use in humanities...
With BIC or any other information criterion, you develop inferences from the model (or models) with the lowest criterion. From what you reported, the 4-cluster solution is the most supported model because it has the lowest (I.e., most negative) BIC.
How is worth determined? By the community picking up some and not the other. Worth is not decided a priori.
"Corner conditions" is not a term I'm familiar with. Can you explain?
You don't know this.
I don't know anything about James Howard Face, but I did see the high stepping workout tweet. He looks great. Good enough to play week 1, I don't know and no one is saying otherwise. Hopefully he'll be there, but you don't know it enough to suggest anyone who says otherwise is 'a joke'. Your statement was unnecessarily crass given the lack of solid evidence in support of your position.
There can't possibly be enough traffic to The Wall to warrant a rail line. It represents too much of a threat... unless the wildlings have been civilized and the white walkers have been put down. Do giants still exist in this timeline?
This is certainly beneficial to all who wish to understand dynamics associated with grazed land. The USDA Forest Service has had a very similar long-standing operation called the Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA). They are incredibly strict about confidentiality (which makes working with the data rather a pain in the ass because they 'fuzz' it spatially [you never know the exact location] and they never release land owner information). NRCS used to operate the Natural Resource Inventory, which was FIA-like plots on agricultural land. The idea behind all of these programs is to provide insight into the status and trend of natural resources, with the idea being that greater understanding of the dynamics associated with these lands will allow for better management, better allocation of government resources, and sustainable use. I see no downside to participating.
I saw the motorcycle exceeding the speed limit and crossing a double yellow. But it's none of my business.
