Dude this is so awesome and hilarious
Actually maybe not armor effects
Why isn't Nyssa or Katana there?
Same reason as why coop campaign isn't fixed or that we can't save videos for viewing later
343 wanted to find one of the easiest maps to remake so it wouldn't be hard to put out. They have mainly done fan favorites and easy maps to remake. That is why we also have Warlord.
That's the thing the damage is done. Look at Battlefield 4. The game is practically fixed completely but they have little population growth since the game already has the reputation of being broken. Same with MCC. That is why they haven't put many resources towards fixing it. Its not profitable
Halo 5 is going to have legacy options so in customs you'll be able to use previous halo settings if you please. Halo 5 based off the beta is actually much better than halo 4. Those are some reasons
Well it says his own Felicity. Meaning hopefully a Felicity like character. So hopefully its Patty Spivot. That would be awesome
Diggle
Has he ever shot at the flash?
He learned that the hard way. Because of him making it so the flash wouldn't exist by giving him childhood trauma. He had to make Barry become the Flash so he could get his speed back
Oh so its like skirmish from reach with AI thrown in
Hopefully we'll also get the falcon
Falcon's pls....
http://m.imgur.com/a/v5vt1  This link might work a bit better
Artistic license?
The beta was 6 months ago but recently people were able to play games of warzone at e3. There has been quite a few changes since the beta so many of us are discussing that.
Hard reset?
Well if your referring to the current Arbiter, most likely not. The current Arbiter is crazy tough
1. Multiple textures options in the same canvas on the same objects so contrast will be easier (such as concrete, wood, metal, covenant theme, etc) 2. Consistent textures over a variety of objects so players can create interesting geometry without having issues with textures overlap. 3. Falcon return pls and elephant as a vehicle for use in forge. 4. More scripting map gadgets, need things like elevators, laser bridges, activatable water falls etc. 5. Grass planes of smaller variety. 6. Easier to use terrain pieces (terrain flats are a bitch) 7. Ability to change color of all vehicles. 8. The neutral color stripe thing needs to not be light blue, instead it should mean no detail color at all. .... Also there better be scripting in Halo 5 or else!
Maybe the covenant was searching and killing Pod occupants and took the pod as scrap. That's my excuse
Well if I'd go into specifics the paragraph would be a lot longer.
Definitely the Halo 3 one where he throws down the bubble shield and jumps into the crowd of brutes
Wtf why would someone make fake rumors to debunk their own rumors?
They said they were considering it before but idk. Very few dev maps actually run infection good other than ghost town from h3 so they would need forge maps
So... No falcon.... :(
There is a concept known as risk vs reward for weapon placement, basically don't place a weapon where it is most useful, or make a risk to take towards getting that weapon. For instance don't put a sniper in a sniper tower that has a great view of the map, instead place it at a lower part of your map where it is not as useful. Or if you have a sword put it in a more open part of the map so their is a risk of going to get it.
Legendary magnum that is like the h1/magnum. Grenade launcher from Halo reach.
I'm pretty sure there's only no split screen co-op and you can still co-op campaign online
Couldn't even get an extermination. What a noob ;)
Scrub ;)
Thats neutral flag. Not 1 flag
Sadly the defenders would be able to pickup the flag which would not be good
If you hold the trigger they stick. If you just spam it it won't stick
Yes
I think this should help.   https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TyXvj-t2xks
^
Not that I've seen. Also this could be used for other things anyway still an interesting gadget
One way to do it is to weld it to another object after putting all the scripts on it
Hes also doing other changes in the process as well
Ya
Having toggle crouch off also makes it easier
Have the ball rolling into a explosive barrel to make it explode and take the scripting from there
You have to friend the author of the map and then click their profile in the roster to download maps now. People post their maps on HaloCustoms, Forgehub, r/forge, r/forgeinitiative.
Honey badger
This is pretty cool
r/forge, r/forgeinitiative, forgehub.com,  HaloCustoms.com, forge.world.com
Self driving cars and drone delivery ( both as the norm)
It was actually the opposite. In Reach multiplayer maps were designed and created for multiplayer then when they were making the campaign they took those maps and just included them. It wasn't the other way around
Both of those were most likely designed for Invasion first. There's plenty of things in the design that makes that clear
