DOC
Didn't see anything wrong in those clips.   In the first clip, he had the puck with Stamkos so obviously he'd be controlling him as the center so that's not position locking. Then he took the faceoff and didn't switch off right away but still chased you to the net. You said he never switched off of center but yet I saw he was using Hedman and chased you most of the time until he saw you just go to the top of the zone and try to cycle in that second clip. Plus, you could have only been going for cross crease all game which made him play a skill zone defense, we don't know. I don't use skill zone unless I play someone who ONLY tries to go for cross creases and I've read on here a lot of people are the same way.  Hate it break it to you but you just come off as a dude who got beat and is now pissed about it.  EDIT: I see you deleted the second clip showing the fact that he indeed did NOT position lock hahahahaha. So now you're trying to give a guy a bad name by lying because you lost. Ooof.
YEEEE LOVEJOY
You're 66-1-1 with this squad? http://www.huthead.com/16/rosters/create#BbXBbXBa5CcnAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABbkCsiBbwBchBbvBbxBavBdBBdoBcYBdfCt3BbSBcWBamBcNBcPBbXBa51  Are you playing single player against the cpu?
MOV Kesler and MS Cogliano. Also, base Johnson is insanely fast and I think plays faster than his 92.
Might help if you said what your current lineup was.
Damn. And then someone gave you a Toews tonight too? How come all the dudes with unbelievably stacked teams alway win these "giveaways"?
&gt; Ever since 1999, each Final has went at least 6 or 7 games except 2007  LOL SORRY OTTAWA
good luck haha
Oh ok I just thought I missed something hidden or what not so I wanted to make sure haha
Too bad you aren't on PS4. There's 3 (185k, 190k and 245k) up of him now with the LPS being 200k. Hornqvist's 91 TOTW has a LPS of 107k on PS4 too so you'd be short haha
LOL HILLER
Wait so where is this game plan at? Never saw one in that awful article...
When I get home I'll try and find the TSN and NHL.com articles. They're all a little different but give decent info and examples.
Game 7's at home.
There isn't a SCE of him...
Here's a few I can remember:  10/20/13 vs. Dallas - His first career appearance, came in to relieve Hiller. Sounds dumb or cliche, but after that game I knew he'd be great for us and he was.  1/23/13 @ LA   3/15/13 @ LA  5/3/14 vs. Calgary - Game 2 of the 2nd round and he completely stood on his head.  5/17-21/14 vs. Chicago - Games 1, 2 and 3 of the Western Conference Finals  3/18/15 vs. Boston  Then pretty much the entire series against Nashville this year in the opening round.  All of those to me are his best games IMO.
Gibson, Saad, Parayko, Matt Murray, RNH, Ghost, Couturier, Drouin, Ekblad, Hamilton, JT Miller, Scheifele and Matthews are the others left on the roster to pick from.
Are we supposed to know who that is or what?
Is she some insane gamer or something?
MOV Perry.
&gt; #6 in the world should play #8,987 who has a 20% win ratio.  Do you mean SHOULDN'T?
Pretty sure he just has him there because the site hasn't added his 99
I know if you're a player and want your own card you can contact EA but I've never seen a legend one before.
Yes in the PS store it does. But here's a different link http://www.gottabemobile.com/2016/03/02/star-wars-battlefront-ultimate-upgrade-pack-5-things-to-know/
He's not.
POTG Fowler and HFC Andersen.
Yeah that's what I thought. Damn. Thanks!
Pretty sure they'll protect Manson, Vatanen, Lindholm and Theodore. Despres will likely go assuming Fowler gets shipped off before then.
Thompson and Garbutt would technically be our only FA's after the 2016-17 season.
Well then they'd protect Lindholm, Vatanen and Manson. And I was under the impression that players with NMC's didn't count toward a teams protected number?
Well then, that's rather unfortunate. Thanks for clearing that up for me.
That's what I meant.. It was sarcasm. If he's bummed now that they lost a game in the regular season to end a streak just wait until they come into the playoffs on fire only to choke.
To get a fucking win in OT
so true it hurts
Wondering if it's worth getting too
Are you doing the match-up's that would get the least amount of viewers?
Without any synergies active, it's Bergeron, Malhotra and Kesler.
No. The Christmas POTN stuff ended the 22nd or 23rd. So all of the new cards being released won't be part of the Christmas collections nor will they be lumped into the list of the players we could get.
On offense: Kesler, Kessel, Ryan, Thornton, Parise, Zetterberg, Okposo, Hossa, both Sedin's. Honestly the list can go on and on. A LOT of better options.  On defense: Lindholm, Vatanen, Ekblad, Kronwall, Gostisbehere, Carlson, Seabrook, Shattenkirk
no worries!
And then wait to sell your MOV Perry after he gets his milestone so he's a 90.
Yeah but after you trade them to your dumby team how do you transfer them back to your new team on your main account without spending money?
Not new at all. What I meant by that was EVERY TIME someone posts complaining about it they get destroyed by everyone on here.
Probably one of our defensemen.
4 in 1140 AB's. 3 of them were inside the parkers.
A decent left handed winger to play with Getz and Perry. I doubt you'll want to give up Hoffman haha
What about the young lady from Shawinigan?
https://hutdb.net/milestone  Still one away
Good question. I'm wondering that too
