&gt; It's worse because you regen a little bit of your missing mana throughout the entire 5 seconds with Mana Font, whereas with Meditation you've already regened 5 seconds worth of mana (based on your base MP5) before gaining that burst of 1.5% missing mana.  This doesn't make sense. I can present an alternate way of looking at it. Say you have 0 mana at t=0s. At t=0s, you get a burst of 1.5% missing mana. Then for the next 5 seconds, you regenerate mana normally. Viewed this way, the burst regen is actually more efficient than the chalice style, because you get 5 seconds worth of regen immediately, and before the amount regenerated is lessened by your natural regen.   So is the burst regen better or worse than the trickle regen? It depends on the timing of the ticks and when you expend your mana. Let's say you have a pool of 500 mana and somehow your full combo costs 300 mana. Every 5 seconds, meditation ticks. If you cast your combo right after a tick, then you get your scenario and burst regen is worse than trickle regen. If you cast your combo right before a tick, then you get my scenario and burst regen is better than trickle regen. In practice, you wouldn't actually time your spells based on a fairly opaque mastery like this (you could, and you'd get slightly better mana efficiency, but it's probably better just to optimize your spell timing for actually important stuff like hitting the opponent or farming). So you're going to get the good case and the bad case roughly 50% of the time each. Therefore there is no expected difference in efficiency between the meditation style of regen and the chalice style. (I think meditation should still be changed to use the chalice style however, just because it's simpler).   tl;dr: you're wrong. about half the time, the opposite scenario occurs which makes up for what you described. the actual result is that there is no difference in efficiency.
&gt; Meditation (MED) doesn't calculate its first tick until t1. If it calculated at t0, then Meditation would technically have a 5 second lead on Mana Font, which could only be equalized if Mana Font regenerated mana for 5 more seconds after the final calculated interval.  Here's the part I disagree with. How  can you say it doesn't calculate its first tick until t1?  Let's use an extreme example. You're playing Lux with a mana pool of 100. A single E uses up your entire mana pool. You spend some arbitrary amount of time shopping in base and walking back to lane. During this entire time, your mana regeneration is effectively 0 because your mana is full. At some point, you will cast your first spell. At that point your mana will become 0 and we can begin tracking mana regeneration (time of first spell is t0). Now, you said that the first tick of MED only occurs after 5 ticks of MF. This  is not always true. If your first spell was cast at 1:59, then you will get your MED tick along with the next MF tick. In this scenario, MED effectively calculates its first tick at t0, which as you state means it beats MF.
\&gt; investing in apple/microsoft/google instead of just stealing their ideas and making that company yourself
Wait really? Source?
oom, don't fight, my bad, timer for drag, timer for baron
Vi is still banned or picked a good percentage of the time.
What are you saying?
That's the only way disaster relief funding works.
You can build qss anyway. You don't have to finish mercurial scimitar. Qss didn't even build into anything at all before season 3.
MODS COME BACK
You can fit another QEQ after the ult.
6 Sightstone Kog incoming
5.10 buffed him, and people discovered a new way of playing him (max W).
Use sharex. Probably the best screenshot software and it lets you automatically upload to imgur or any other site. Gyazo really does suck ass.
Try sharex. Like gyazo, but it uploads to imgur.
You found the meme!
Ryze was reworked too. I don't recall them disabling other champions after their reworks. I think Lucian was just too obviously broken to handle.
Like Xerath Ult but global and can be cast 26 times
Formula is 5+depth/3.
Anti-entropy is pretty good! You just need a scroll holder.
Need to see the grin to confirm
A true ninja
I'll counterstack 'em on Garen. If I burn, so do you.
Then Jayce and Pantheon can build it.
200 global IP for tower kill
Is this even a bug? It's been that way for as long as I can remember and I always played Jayce just thinking that this was the expected behaviour (kinda like how karma Q only explodes if you hit it or you used R)
Use sharex, same thing but uploads to imgur
You can also do that now, and besides I'm not even sure that would work
The threshold to trigger the audit is a lot weaker.
Someone learned a bad word at school but is too scared to actually say it.
The latter
Sure. Even Lyte acknowledged that showing only the threshold game's log was not a great solution.
This is because the stats only show 125+ players who haven't truly mastered the champion. They play him a lot but haven't really mastered time travel. The real Zilean experts who have almost 90% winrate have already gone back in time to when they've only played 1-5 games, and are bringing that statistic up.
There are other ways to solve that, like butcher.
T
And Lucian can just cleanse it in 1 second. Dashgod Lucian's dash was up every other second.
Of course, there's a reason Riot entrusted this emote to Rank 5 masters only.
Shh, don't let the plebs know. This info is Rank 5-classified.
Apparently now there's a bug where she becomes visible permanently.
Nope, visage doesn't affect allied healing, only regeneration and self-help.
Unless Riot open sources everything, they're not going to be able to recreate LoL. No matter how good of a job they do wil porting champion, minions will aggro differently and waves will push differently. This affects the entire dynamic of the game.
There's already the PBE for that.
These bugs are caused precisely because it is riot's most popular server.
Right, so in this case you are the banner carrier and you inspired courage and resilience in that cannon minion who is now going ham in a side lane. It doesn't make sense for the cannon minion to be the banner carrier, because it's not buffing anything. It's the one who was buffed.
You mean right now? Released champions are 7800.
If there's any grass in the room you can kill the wraith easily. Just leave a 1x1 tile of grass and let the wraith chase you around that tile. If he follows you for 2 turns consecutively, you can surprise attack him.
It could be something like how Rengar's top laning requires him to abuse the bushes heavily. This might be the opposite, where he needs to go visit the river every so often to get more mana or health.
Cons: enemy no longer has to decide between focusing Zyra and focusing ADC.
No it's easy to tell when the stacks are going to drop off, because the timer is the same as for his passive. Basically if you have attack speed from your passive, then your ult stacks haven't expired yet.
What will that accomplish? EUNE was supposed to be that split you described. If you mean split the server but still play together, that wouldn't have prevented the gameid overflow spectator bug.
