The name is Kaufmann, quote is Eurostyle. Both bad choices.
If he's related to El Chapo Guzmán, do NOT doubt him. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joaqu%C3%ADn_Guzm%C3%A1n_Loera
Eurostyle was easy. Kaufmann I needed some help with.
thx
LEEROY JENKINS!!!!
It's interesting actually. Scammers purposely make their emails look fake so that smart/normal people will disregard them. They only want the stupid people to respond.  http://news.nationalpost.com/news/email-scams-are-stupid-for-a-reason-scammers-only-want-stupid-people-to-respond-to-them
Arabic please
How did you first get involved with Simon Rex?
I can't believe you've done this.
Op is the best reversed Gaf i've ever saw.
Any idea where it's from?
How do you like them apples?
Eau de Elon
No
What if Neil and Buzz had butt sex on the moon?
Round two.
OP's mom's vagina is a huge target. It's an honest mistake.
Many times you want to frame the photo around the girl's faces. When you have 4 average height girls and 1 girl who is a foot above the others, that girl is gonna have to squat.
It depends where he was staying, actually. If he was somewhere with a lot of hooker bars, he was getting so much attention 1) as you said, money and 2) because he is most likely younger and the girls are used to ugly old foreign guys. Many of the bar girls have darker skin because they hang out with foreigners so much and foreigners tend to like the sun more than Thai people. If he was staying in a smaller city or even a bigger city that doesn't get as much tourism (e.g. Nakhon Ratchasima) then his white skin is definitely the reason girls are so attracted to him. Almost every TV/movie superstar in Thailand is half Thai. If you have darker skin you will (usually) think that makes you ugly. The people with darker skin on the Thai TV shows commonly play the stupid/silly characters. Anyway, you're completely underestimating how important skin color is here.
Death by brojob
His argument is boiling a dog alive will create a shit and piss soup. You're showing pictures of skinning a dog alive for fur. This is completely different.
...and then stuffed inside sausage casings and eaten by the upper class.
He's leaning towards the camera.
I wish your cat was drunk before the raccoon ate her.
...a little bit of Leslie's all I need.
I don't know what they're saying but i'm still laughing.
We must remove the brain...
No more dinners at Tony's house.
They basically do.
But she had a flashlight
That's the Rafucku
Are you fishing with lures or bait?
That explains everything.
Yep, most likely something like that.
Something in the three quarter-pounders, the french fries, and supersized *diet* Coke.
THE BIG YELLOW ONE'S THE SUN
If you're looking for Part 2, [click here](http://studygroupcomics.com/main/the-epic-of-gilgamesh-part-2-by-kinoko-evans/).
His face is pretty damn big.
When there's a fight scene and the people in the background are slowly doing fighting motions or just standing there. I try to keep myself from looking for it, but sometimes I can't help it.
What if its name is Brock?
And making booze.
It just means earlier versions of IE won't be supported by Microsoft. People will still use them.
A guy was telling me the reason Donald Trump would be a great president is because he has no experience.
They know. They all know. You sick bastard.
When it was only 500 million you just couldn't be bothered?
Just grab a cactus and quit asking questions.
Wtf? Why would Reddit allow stuff like this to happen?
&gt; Anything's possible when the possibility of more ~~karma~~weed is involved.
http://youtu.be/nsLmQF29OgU
Well I'll be damned.
