&gt;  looks down to check what balls they have
I heard it as "My work is tearing out, peep yee-a-laut"
curves right in to a BGH
"Some Skeels for me"
http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/1st1a4/look_closely_to_lunas_eye_isnt_it_eclipses_icon/
active the first few weeks of new season and slowly dies down until the next season.
&gt; ravenholft assissin  A+
why did he stash the refresher orb before, and after he used it
&gt; Secret deck: facing another secret deck  solution, queue your secret deck with 2 kezan mystics, or murloc deck with hungry crabs
this mitigates the issue for legendary properties that have no range. smk/dod is a good example. however for those that do: Incense torch, Furnance, etc, the amount of min maxing on that will be even higher. (suddenly your 41% ancient furnace is garbage now, ur going to keep hunting for a 50% one)
another buff to demon hunters
the opposite of what their approach is in hearthstone
no kidding, since most of the positions are back back side (db/systems) area which is probably the biggest constraint for more deck slots.
helltoothhhhhhhhhhhhh    anyway the manajuma movement speed boost looks handy for bounty farming; wd arent very mobile
should be same as 'hidden score like casual'    the question is if winning brawl affects your casual hidden score or is it separate, and if it is separate does it affect the future week's brawl
seems great if they release a new expansion after the Dota Internationals are over
One more quick experiment, when you win one against a rank 15 opponent, how much legend ranks do you go up?
na just need 1 win, see if u go up like 0 ranks, 1 rank, or 5 or w/e
hahaha that's awesome
question- does the games before 30 matter at all when determining rank post 30? like for example a fresh account with 90% win rate stomping everyone, and wins 10/10 provisional matches , versus a fresh account with 40% win rate, wins 10/10 provisional matches?﻿
batrider tier 5 how the mighty have fallen
3-12 naix calling everyone out, classic
depends how much you want boom, but here's the dusting priority   -cairne is shit so dust him for sure (piloited sky golem is better anyway)   -bolvar is mostly shit and paly specific, safe dust   -onyxia is ok but w/e dustable   -deathwing is actually pretty good and u should keep him, so dust the 3 above
ur username tho
nah u can just use tokens at that point. in mtg u make copies of cards all the time and u represent it with a token (can be anything, like a coin, blank card, tortilla chip, etc)
Great question. This question comes up often but if you really think about your turn progression it'll make sense.    Consider these paths:   Coining WG:   T1 - Coin WG   T2 - 3   T3 - 4   T4 - 5 = Druid of the Claw  Pass, WG to get Druid of the Claw-   T1 - 1   T2 - 2, WG   T3 - 4, coin = 5 = Druid of the Claw    As you can see here, The latter gets you Druid of the Claw 1 turn earlier. Hope this helps.
never heard of a paladin card called 'obvious'
wow 2 confessor in arena
spellslinger into mass dispel
obligatory "vids or it didn't happen"
musterfuse - 3 mana  - summon 4 1/1's, give your opponent a mana crystal
pls up numbers for scorch/lightning/frozen orb runes
lol pudge still died to teh sf ult
reverse question - will a regular anyfin can happen summon golden murlocs that died?
expected the 'carry oracle 1.2 BAT infographic'
caldesann is a play on the word candlesan which is wyatt's twitter handle
brothers dota ftw    also good to see 3 from NIP doing well
TREE OF LIFE
GAR WOLEM
the irony is that u can already do this to a disconnected wisp by sunstriking the exact spawn location after respawing
zeus sets plx   his model is done already
don't worry maybe they'll make an aggro version of reno. 'if only 1 card of each in your deck, deal 10 damage to the enemy's face'
aggro priest and lock and load/miracle? hunter
what would be the chances of killing him if he hadn't drawn the last missile?    b) how about the chances if he doesn't attack with apprentice
yea i mean't the chance that it doesn't wipe the enemy board but the missiles go face
thanks! this made sense.
surprised to see BGH ommitted. it's probably the most ubiquitous tech card and is used to widely to counter boom.    anyway flare isn't half bad against secret paladin. it's actually devastating if you hit a few secrets before turn 6. it also cycles itself too.
in a technical sense, that's correct. however for meme's sake it's 'infinite value' because meme's are generally funny because they're incorrect
really comparable to stormwind champion. 6/6, give other minions +1 +1 aura, or 4/3, give other minions permamently +1+1, but if it sticks around, you can do it again.    particulary good with paly and shaman hero powers because it buffs the token spawned
doesn't even need to be inverse. just two random rolls is fine.     'deal 2-4 damage. summon 2-4 imps.'
