I mean it's pretty self explanatory not to look at something like this, of course there's gonna be spoilers
Obligatory edit: thanks for the gold kind gentlesir
Go to /r/books. Puts me right to sleep
Movies? This is just what he does. Sometimes we get it on camera and that is mission impossible
Shit yeah.
Some people are adrenaline junkies. The boost of energy one gets from robbing a bank could be that same rush someone gets from jumping out of an airplane or jumping a skateboard over the great wall of china
Mandatory 2 ply toilet paper or more law
The Myxozoa. If they all grew to bear size they would flood the earth in their bodies. We would all suffocate.
1995 - either The Usual Suspects or Casino
Knowing which guy has the biggest stick
Now imagine this mod on a motorcycle, just flying through every car like it was nothing.
The shit monster in Conker's Bad Fur Day
The Departed, Pulp Fiction, Four Brothers.
Sprints. I get smooth jazz every. Single. Time.
A bunch of subs got deleted, and nobody knows why their first amendment rights don't apply to private corporations
fatpeoplehate," "hamplanethatred," "transfags," "neofag" and "shitniggerssay."
Clowns.
Lil Sebastian is back baby
When games in a series has different components to it in each game. Like Assassins Creed used to be in the Ezio era. More current examples are like GTA or Witcher
Which game is the girl holding the compound bow? I would normally assume Tomb Raider but it didn't look like Laura
It would be amazing to see Ford doing an Indiana Jones remake, but Burt Macklin, FBI in pursuit of him for stealing Indiana's name
NEW DARK SOULS GAME!
All I saw was Elite Dangerous than buffering, WHAT ARE THE OTHER GAMES
Is that... Is that the narrator for The Stanley Parable?
Fable Legends is going to be dope
I heard he stole 20 bag lunches
Or any Skate
You try being a police officer in Detroit trying to solve a murder case. Most of the city is anti-cop, and pro "we'll handle our own business." $10 says a seemingly random guy is found with his throat slit in the next few weeks with the weapons used in the shooting under his bed, and nobody will do anything about it.
Well he DID create the character. He also created Black Panther and (not) Blade and I'm sure he wouldn't want them white
Not really when Redbox keeps records of who rents the games
What happens when you're playing Halo with the kinnect on?? It's like one of ten words MC says
Sort of, they said they have no plans for paid mods *right now*
Bungie and Activision PR
You do know you can still buy discs right? There's no law that says "the_boomr cannot purchase discs now that he has gone digital. So it is written."   If there's a good deal, just get it! Or throw away the boxes and just get a slim disc holder.
Checked IMDB to see who plays Lucious Fox before I got to GJ, yeah it's Mark Hamill. **Side note, if you don't know who the AK is DON'T CHECK IMDB IT TELLS YOU.** I made that mistake
Nah, the twist is its all in his head, and shes a figment of his imagination
Oh god yes
You must not have seen Happy Gilmore
The new Mafia game is set in New Orleans. Fingers crossed it will be just as good or better than the previous two installments.
Terrible quality but this is the one I'm talking about. Girl scouts was a different season.   https://youtu.be/xbCw18GN1n0
Aren't the Bush's secretly Lizardpeople?
The Departed
Never seen either. Will order both if we don't carry them
Looks good, I'll order it today
I'll order it in a bit!
Never even heard of it but I'll order it today
Never seen it. I'll order it today
Its the end of one of his more recent movies
What if they get taken away by the very same tornado that took Jonathan Kent?
The Departed  No Country for Old Men  Inglorious Basterds
