You can do either. I'd just buy it a the station and use the $8 you get on it to start - then register it online at http://www.smartrip.com (only one T) and you can set it to auto reload every so often.
I've long found that each Arlington borough is reasonably dominated by one landowner/developer that either bought this early on while it was all still farms or bought/inherited it from someone who did the former.  CBRE runs almost all of Clarendon, Monday Properties runs almost all of Rosslyn, Vornado Charles E. Smith runs almost all of Crystal City... I'm pretty sure that's where these BIDs come from that host these movie nights, etc. I don't have a source to back it up but it just reeks of that developer trying to drag people into *"their"* borough to spend money at *"their"* lessee's businesses... they're treating the County basically like a bunch of giant malls.
Is there a fucking store somewhere where people buy those donuts? I'm perplexed when I see cars with all 4 tires as spares. Your car only comes with one!
Refresh - this was just redacted.
FYI the Department of the Interior oversees the National Park Service, etc.
Voted.
&gt;I checked out the Metro job posting   &gt;I did not look at WMATA listings  Metro and WMATA are one in the same, especially on their jobs site.
There are a lot of roads in Virginia that showcase how eminent domain  didn't get them far. Do you think the onramp to 7 East from the Leesburg Bypass is jacked at a 90 degree angle because they didn't feel like buying up *Public Storage*?  With enough bitching and lobbying, they'll leave you be.
This was out in Front Royal.
From Maryland?   On the Green Line?    Say it ain't so!
If you dispute *any* Uber charge, they cancel your account. To them, your business isn't worth it if you're going to question their authority, and rather than argue with your credit card issuer, they're just going to write it off as a bad debt and move on to their other millions of dollars in revenue.
Print this out and send it to the President/CEO. He'll be gone in a week.
What /u/0x16a0 said. Should dispute that shit...but if it was around Christmas, you've probably missed the window.
That basically was it. I just skimmed out the boring parts. I couldn't get service on Priceline because they pretty much only exist in Delaware, and as an online-only vendor, they're able to dance around the state laws that require you to register as a business in their state - even if you don't have a building there - if you get "substantial" revenue from those citizens. (e.g. Even though Reddit sells Reddit Gold easily to all 50 states, they're probably not registered to do business anywhere besides CA.) However, American Express, which gives tangible cards to its cardmembers and terminals to its merchants and derives substantial revenue from people here in Virginia, has to be registered. They don't have an office here, which is where a "registered agent" comes in - someone to get your business mail. There's a company called CT Corporation System and that's literally all they do. They have a very small office in Richmond and get crates upon crates of mail for basically every big brand you've ever heard of.  AmEx refused to use their dispute resolution system to recoup my funds from Priceline - giving me form letters each time saying "well Priceline says no refunds" and blatantly ignoring what I said about how you can't sell me a refrigerator and say "no refunds" and then give me a toaster and win. What I got was very different from what was described in the policy, but AmEx didn't care. Worse yet, they sent me a letter saying "we consider this matter closed and won't respond further." **I hate that.** It's a thinly-veiled disrespectful way of saying we're tired of arguing and you can go fuck yourself.  So, I sued American Express and had service brought against CT Corporation System. By law, they have to forward my summons to corporate who then forwards it to the legal department in Florida. Since the claim amount was $240 plus $75 or so in court costs, they realized that $315 wasn't even worth the flight up here, much less whatever the attorney would charge per hour to fight me. Quite frankly, I'm certain most companies of such a size probably budget out settlement costs for lawsuits that aren't worth their time to fight. They technically settled out of court which means they aren't admitting wrongdoing, but I still count it as a win. They tried to fuck me over, didn't realize who they were dealing with, and ultimately paid $75 more than they would have if they had just taken care of it to begin with.
I think Uber has virtual checkpoints on their map for the gates because they do appear on the receipt even when the driver had to pay cash. I think they know what the toll is at that gate and the system is programmed to see that we crossed that line and thus paid a toll. I don't carry cash, so if the driver doesn't have an EZPass and he doesn't have cash either, we're going through it and he's gonna be paying $25 in a missed toll fine...it's not my fault he doesn't have a free tool that every driver in the region should have.  That being said, we also have HOT lanes in this area where the tolls actually dynamically change based on traffic conditions. I have no idea how Uber would gauge that without the driver emailing in and asking to add it to the bill. There's no way for Uber to know what the toll was at any given time because even an accident in the middle of the day can drive the rates up.  EDIT: Just realized I wrote a whole paragraph trying to explain dynamic tolling when I could've just said it's basically Uber surge for toll roads.
Just because I've seen you there before and then I saw you here. Small world.
I don't think I've seen a single UberX driver with one yet. The only one I know I saw was when I took an UberSUV - he had one, but he was also a professional driver for Reston Limousine on the side, so I imagine it was a company transponder because he wasn't just using it for Uber.
Nope, this thread hit /r/bestof.
There used to be discounts for EZPass users here, but not anymore. There's only one toll road that is privately owned that still gives a small discount, but it's a few miles outside of Uber's service area.
&gt;An LLC does not have to be incorporated in every state in which they do business.  In most states, they have to be registered if they do any actual tangible business within that state. This is the law in VA (§ 13.1-757) as well as a handful of other states. You can be incorporated from a foreign state but must be registered with a registered agent within the state. If you don't understand this, your business is probably also one of the thousands that is not operating legally. People do it every day, even huge companies - doesn't make it right.
Oh but they are.  FYI these douche corporate preps pay into the welfare system that keeps you fed while you "find yourself." Hippie.
Sure. Why not? Do only poor people drink soda or something?
Thank you. Glad we could end this on a positive note!
You'll probably want to do that anyway; AT&amp;T just got rid of upgrades/contracts, so now you *have* to do their shitty installment plan.
RIP Ron's inbox.
[Most states only require one party's consent.](http://www.vegress.com/images/vegress/notification-map-550a.jpg)
For reference: http://www.vegress.com/images/vegress/notification-map-550a.jpg
[It does in most of them.](http://www.vegress.com/images/vegress/notification-map-550a.jpg)
Technically it's based on "consent," meaning you have to give permission. However, it's pretty widely accepted that by just telling you, if you don't object, you're consenting. You can not consent by hanging up the phone. Unfortunately, I don't think a single call center in this country will go "oh ok sorry, we'll turn off the recorder" and do business as usual. As with most companies, it's their way or the highway.
DC obeys Federal Law which is one-party notification. The few states on the map that are two-party are allowed to set that rule under states rights.
That's mainly gonna be what they say. They're going to say "well I'm sorry, but I can't continue the call under those circumstances" and disconnect with you. Some will even disconnect you for recording *them*, even if it's legal: they like to think it's a one-way street when it isn't and shouldn't be.  You would, however, have legal recourse if they said "ok yeah sure we'll turn off the recorder" and they didn't. Any agent who tells you that they're turning off the recorder is probably full of shit. Your average call center agent doesn't have that kind of power...it's all being recorded at a central server they can't access.
If you have one in the US, you can usually contact your embassy in that country and they will arrange for you to get the proper licensing to have it in that country.  You can get a firearm on a plane very easily if you're doing it legally. Unload it, case it, and tell the check-in counter person "I'm checking a firearm." 99% of the time it's "neat, okay," 30 seconds of paperwork and it goes to the belly of the plane. TSA doesn't care as long as you don't have access to it during the flight.
I posted it to corroborate what the user above me was saying; not to invite a group of neckbeards to offer their opinions on someone else's personal life.
Any systems administrator will tell you to make backups of your backups. If it's critically important, just iCloud isn't enough. Back it up to an external drive, back it up to Dropbox, etc etc.
Ruth's Chris in Fairfax Corner does an amazing job with this type of thing - not exactly close to IAD but also not exactly far. The only disadvantage is that the room is free, but the menu pricing is much different - expect to pay 170-200% the original cost per item.  LPT ask for Edwin, he's the best.
What did you think the jumbotrons were for?  Though, there are a lot of restaurants that choose to put their menus on flat screen TVs when the prices never change, so maybe I can't fault you for not knowing...
Transurban has kind of gone against what they told VA they would do. The original deal was that rates would be based on traffic IN the lanes. But they've started raising the rates based on congestion of I-495 proper. I've seen rates as high as $11-12 but the express lanes will be wide open without a soul on them.
In DC, yeah. In VA the average is more around $500k
You sure you were on the right 495? It was jam-packed until 10:15 for me today. Took Gallows from Annandale to Tysons.
Give me some of that action. 4:30, Rosslyn-Foggy tunnel.
First off, it looks like MPD isn't even competent enough to publish statistics, since the latest report they have available 7 months into 2015 is a report for 2013, despite Arlington and Fairfax having 2014 reports ready to go, but okay, we'll backtrack:  http://mpdc.dc.gov/sites/default/files/dc/sites/mpdc/publication/attachments/MPD%20Annual%20Report%202013_lowres.pdf   http://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/police/inside-fcpd/pdf/fcpd201213ar.pdf  Using FFX because the population is greater than DCs, where as Arlington is about 33%.  *Just* looking at 2013 since FFX's report spans 2012 and 2013, DC had 41 homicides (out of ~600K pop.) vs. Fairfax with 8 (out of 1.1M pop.) So in my county, we have *twice* as many people but *one-fifth* as many homicides. Additionally, DC's report shows that in all but one district, homicides went up at a rate over 100% from 2012; in Fairfax, they went down by 50%.  Downvote all you want, but I've seen the facts and the numbers do not lie. We've got more people out here and somehow less crime. Maybe we have more values out here in hillbilly Virginia, or maybe it's just that our cops actually put down the donuts/cigarettes long enough to do their jobs. Couldn't tell you. But the point is, the data shows that there is no good reason to live in DC if you enjoy living. As soon as you cross the border, your rate of survival drops significantly.
PSA about the people who switched to the exit ramps at the last second: It's just a road, people. You can get back to where you're going if you miss your turn. NOVA has this culture of "I can't waste an extra 1 minute" so they risk their lives rather than just going around the block, or up to the next exit, or letting their GPS reroute them.
That's gold, and I have to wonder if it's real that those guys could pick up a car.
They did. There was a primarily-black salon on here a few weeks back that shut down saying they couldn't afford the rent due to gentrification. /r/washingtondc cried it's bleeding heart out.
I'd imagine once the plates are considered invalid, you could be pulled over for not having a proper plate.
Why?
Pretty sure truck nuts are still legal.
Was it the last bus of the night? It very well could have been early. I've found that the bus schedules are mainly for decoration and their NextBus equipment usually falls into disrepair.  Also, the 10B looks like it's made of plywood. It may have been taken out of service by termites.
You may want to try listing them on StubHub. The day of the event is usually when people buy, especially for coveted tickets like yours that you're not asking huge profit on. You could probably get away with adding the service charge, especially since it'll negate StubHub's own charge for selling on their site.
Good point. I don't think you can. In fact, I'm pretty sure if you go to sell and you don't have a PDF to upload, it will tell you sorry because it's too close to the event.
