It was the Wind Fish's dream. So when it awoke, they ceased to exist.
Also, Ivalice continues to exist, he just makes the kids leave it. It's also implied that they can travel back and forth if the post game is canon. So it's more like Marche just wanted his friends to accept that that wasn't their world, rather than abandon it for their shitty lives.
China is a massive country, which more region differences than you can count, and a storied history filled with more change than most other countries. To suggest that there is no true Chinese equivalent of modern Ameri-Chinese foods is nonsense. There's a fun buzzfeed video where Chinese and Chinese Americans eat Panda Express. Most of the video is Chinese Americans claiming that the food is bullshit and nothing like China, while the older generations' opinions are mixed from "awful", "this is really close", to "this is great, just like home" - orange chicken in particular is dismissed by a kid while an older man says that it would be accepted by the Chinese. What someone from one locale of China can find alien, another may find spot on.
This is an interesting comment to me. Posters in the US, and western Europe, and to a lesser extent the rest of the world, are quick to shut down the US for it's bases as nothing but bad militant imperialism, but surely it offers some benefit for the host counties.
&gt;Does that sound believable to you  They're on heroin, if it's so consuming that it can play a role in Kurt's suicide, then it can surely be consuming enough to play a role in Courtney wanting a few dollars more.  Now you're suggesting rich people are incapable of crimes to make themselves richer. It happens all the time. Add drugs to the mix.  Also, &gt;two largest rock stars in the world   We're talking about Courtney Love. She's not on that level, she was never on that level.
&gt;there are seriously people who aren't part of the idort master race  isshygiggydiggy
Technically correct? These could be fursonas for furries.
You'd hope so, wouldn't you?
itt people with weird perceptions of 4chan
Thanks brah, works fine.  I don't suppose there's any mods/patches that replace the onscreen keyboard prompts with controller ones, are there? It's definitely doable just winging it from Xbox memory, but it'd be nice if the option existed.
&gt;there are seriously squares out there that don't fight for an independent Vegas, free of the Legion, Republic, or House
"HE WANTED A DOG FOR CHRISTMAS"
Black tights.
Nash may not be the best wrestler or the nicest guy, but he's a true businessman and knows that side of the industry.
They had the Matadors, the Rhodes Brothers, the Shield, Sin Cara and Rey, pre-New Day New Day, Evolution, J&amp;J, etc. They've had hot tag teams in and out for years, and they cool the flame every time it gets interesting
"The Penis Game"
Not to mention Kenny Omega's chainsaw.
You'll fit right in in r/discordian   hail eris
Especially if you read how the trials went down. They had experts coming out of the woodwork with examples of how plausible the dingo story was. Evidence of dingoes stripping meat of its wrapping to get at it, to justify how the child's clothing would've been removed. Photos of dingoes extending their jaws enough to fit over a doll's head, even larger than the baby's. No one wanted to believe that though.
http://i.imgur.com/B9d91H9.jpg  Finally, Finn Balor's stupid headpiece almost makes sense.
Is there any delay? I wanted to use it as a speaker for watching movies with people.
Is there any delay? I wanted to use it as a speaker for watching movies with people.
Did Anderson or Romero really outrank Omega as far as foreigners in New Japan go?
What do you mean?
http://i.imgur.com/GtCK9Lr.png
Chikara had a fantastic variation of this not too long ago.
2k15 even had Nakamura's running knee.
joanna cesna beter branel brain fsgot
The Antidiluvians aren't even real
&gt;956  Yeah I'll just stick to jerking it
Was Heath ever not over Nexus as a singles guy? I thought he and Gabriel remained a team, and when that dropped, he dropped it.  I thought the post was about how he was still a band guy after 3MB
Wouldn't it be an emoticon? Aren't emojis specific things? Not all soda is Coke.
That seal is almost as sleek as Titus O'Neil
The best/worst part is that apparently there wasn't even cheating. The dude hooked up with the ex 2 months later, apparently.   Unless I misread.
&gt;boohoo I hate slang  Whoa, chill out grandpa
Alternatively - a two killers, and an undertaker
This is not the one true awoo. For shame.
You do know there's plenty of decent art on dA, right?  That'd be like judging reddit entirely by this sub.
Wasn't that Colt Cabana's thing?
Some say that Hitler started he genetic revolution
Every teenage girl on the planet, even the ones using different alphabets. Nice job outting that no one ever passed you any notes.
&gt;being such a loser in school that the concept of passing notes is so alien to you that you think it has to do with classwork notetaking
&gt;The original Black Belts were belts that were stained from all the training  &gt;The whole color belt thing is a very Western Idea  Is that true?  &gt;The systematic use of belt color to denote the rank was first used in Japan by Jigoro Kano, the founder of judo, who first devised the colored belt system using obi (sash), and awarded the first black belts to denote a Dan rank in the 1880s. Previously, Japanese Koryu instructors tended to provide certificates. Initially the wide obi was used; as practitioners trained in kimono, only white and black obi were used. It was not until the early 1900s, after the introduction of the judogi, that an expanded colored belt system of awarding rank was created.  Nowhere in wikipedia's origin of black belts is "train until it's black" mentioned.
"You know an RKO can hit out of nowhere, right?"
I doubt that that is Walmart "making a typo" so much as Walmart not getting the joke. I'm sure the shirt design was intentional. I'm sure Walmart stocking a shirt with that meaning was not.
The briefcase turned DB heel. That is its dark power.
This election year has been really weird.
Remember that comic years ago about the two weeb girls talking about how they want to make sure their future children are gay boys?
The fat one has both. They researched these costumes.
Don't be a lemon
