Upvote because Penguins.
From what I understood of it as that the kid herself wanted to do it and was told numerous times if she didn't want to do it anymore she could quit any time.
Well, there are some vicious rumors going around, not sure if true but she apparently left the guy she was dating/married to in the show and it was rumored she was dating another guy.  Only problem was he was a registered sex offender from 2004.  The 10 year old he was convicted of molesting?  The moms older daughter.
Is this covering games that were previously purchsed?  I kept having issues with The Walking Dead and just never played it again.  However it was purchased on 12/31/12
Isn't most music now done with VBR over CBR?  CBR320 would just huge for the sake of being huge.
What's worse is with the smile they'll actually say "Smiles at you".
I love how he tells the story of how cops start whispering to others "This guy is smart".  The Judge pretty much backs down because he refused to give him jurisdiction over him.
Did we ever get a follow up on this?
In the US, a lot of the time, white.  Tomatoes are artificially ripened in the US.
Relax, you need to Brie-th
Holy Foxtrot, Uniform, Charlie, Kilo.
I came in like a wrrrrrrrecking ballll
I'll out chub ya chubs :D  Good to know more will be there!  The person I spoke to on Facebook said they were excited about the meetup being at their place since they're fellow Redditors so, do they count as coming to the meetup do you think?
I pressed because I had no idea wtf was going on.  Was that the social experiments purpose?
FoxNews
It just says they're going to reinstate the requirements and goes on to say it's BECAUSE unemployment is lower.  I don't understand the second part, it's just explaining what people will have to do to get benefits.  I'm not sure about Indiana but in NC you have to continue to work and you have to report any changes in your employment/non-employment.  Otherwise you are ineligible to receive any additional benefits.  I'm willing to bet that Indiana is probably the same.
Riverboat Ron needs to watch out.  Now we have Buy-In Braylon and he's betting the house!
to civilize comment sections?  As in recognizing and removing inflammatory remarks and such?  Doesn't this break the internet?
Oh, fucking figures.  I was shocked that this was so weird that I'd not heard anything about it.  So it was because their friends got attacked that NOW it's a problem.  That makes sense now, thanks for clearing that up.
Content taken without permission is content taken without permission.
Wow, awesome. Thanks!
Is that seriously a fucking subreddit?  Seriously?
"I sued and lost but if you still give me money, i'll stop suing you".
Seize their money.  Paypal is famous for this.  If you have a personal account and you get too much money in it they can seize it and say it's under investigation for doing business with a personal account.  Then their investigation could just be years long and you never see your cash.  They're not regulated by banking regulations so there's nothing stopping them from just taking your cash.
They didn't only hate fat people who tried to pretend that being overweight was healthy.  They posted pictures of random fat people and mocked them.  They didn't know the person and a lot of the times it was pictures I'd seen before so it wasn't personal photos.  They would just make fun of fat people for being fat.  Your points are things they hated against too but no, they mocked everyone.  They had a picture of a fat woman on a bench and because of her fat, she was spread out on the bench, her ass that is.  They said she was "Melting".  Had nothing to do with her fat acceptance.  They didn't know her.  They would create these fake stories of "ham planets" they'd run across.  It was like a fat person /r/thathappened pretty much.
tl;dw  AHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
We are still here. This will go probably to 8 at latest. We just had another show up so you should come if you can.
Yeah sorry man we didnt get to meet today. We are already out. Perhaps next time.
Can you share the poem?  I may not be intelligent enough to understand the complexities of it, but I'll try my best.
What the FUCK is going on in Malaysia?  They lose airplanes, ships, it's like the new Bermuda Triangle.
Is that a doable thing?  Seems like they could just sell your car for $1 then just come after you for the full amount.  If they sell it and get more than the $2600 do they give you the remainder?
i remember these from SimAnt
Not all Muslim countries have a lot of restaurants open during the day.  Here in Tunisia a majority are closed and only ones directly around a hotel are open.  And even then, not all of those.
http://www.shelbystar.com/news/local/breaking-tip-from-kings-mountain-florist-led-to-charleston-shooting-suspect-s-arrest-1.492375?tc=cr
Lol love that one.
Use your computer and internet for whatever purposes they wish. Typically ddos attacks.
He was the one who caught it so he got the blame.
Pride?
POST POST POST POST!  Like third give away for this game.  About 10 overall, never won :(
I didn't read the book but The Fault in Our Stars was absolutely amazing.  It was a great movie that told a great story that moved at a good pace.  Do you think the movie did the book justice or would you suggest reading the book too, to miss things not in the movie?
The next version is them snipping the wires all together.
Google did, Blockbuster did it, Digg did it.  Reddit is doing it.  Those big networks did it.   I've even heard a couple bad stories from Amazon CS lately and Netflix will probably do it too.
Netflix came out well after broadband was pretty readily available.
Local radio.  Like I said, it's not proven and is why it's not in bold.  They mentioned it.  I posted it.  Will update when more details are released.
LIke, JUST now.
CNN was as well.
&gt;and paved the way for peace in the Middle East  Did you watch the news yesterday?  Did you get an F?
\#keepyourflabflying  Forgot to use \ to escape reddit formatting
[This was just posted 16 days ago ffs](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/39krll/my_god_what_did_you_eat/)
[3 Days is the max you could wait to repost?](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3b2j1f/glad_to_see_i_made_the_news/)
