Yea, I was watching Kingsman the other day and I just couldn't get into it, because all of those actors are in other movies.  /s
More like giving cutters to somebody who was obsessed with cutting his own brakes and he then cut his own brakes.
&gt;"broke the news"   who are you quoting there?  Nobody said anything about it being breaking news and they themselves stressed that it was just a rumour.
Who needs dragons when we got feathers.
That's one happy Brazilian.  Like he just opened a PS2 on Christmas.
But how many mentors do you have?
Why is your sword glowing?
Birdo has a vagina on it's face.
Gotta play Zombie 1-3 first
[Obvious, isn't it?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xw_-wiC8Ac)
Triggered
Ayyy
Drunkborne
There'll be enough of that in MGO
How do you know we're not looking for a new manager?
Is that one long continuous story though?
Nah there still is. He will all of a sudden jerk to the left or right straight into a tree.
What do you call it?
Or just Underground
Yes, but the one in the picture is a BRZ, obviously.
wtf is loli?
Why is this guy getting downvoted?
The top voted comment is about Ryan. At least you stayed on topic. The RT community just has a problem with saying anything mildly sexual about any of the female employees. Even in a thread which is about a f*cking playboy shoot.
He's talking about remasters in general. There's also, to my knowledge feel free to correct me, no new game that QD are working on at the moment so there's still no proof to this.
Who?
Not sure if Ronald or Hamburgler.
Maybe you'll get Shane Smeltz next time.
There was a Let's build where they go through and compare every AHer to an Always Sunny character. I think it was one of the Mega Tower ones.
The people without PS+ need to buy it somehow.
Wasn't that the London Olympics logo?
Is it like Hot Rod in any way?
What? Getting interviewed?
21.4 or 25+Aspas
Waiting for that Fir-lean-o
Parallelogram
EB also gives you a 7 day return on new games. It's like renting games for free.
haha lad
No, you are.
Eagle Eye
How's no one said [Scotty Cummings](https://s.yimg.com/ea/img/-/110803/a_101009sptmainymf42_173gsbk-173gsbm.jpg)?  http://www.westcoasteagles.com.au/video/2013-05-08/sgio-top-moment-cummings-14-goals
That's Mike
People don't want their team mate getting kicked. The thread is about people wanting to give their team mate a chance to get back in the game. The only people that "don't want to deal with it" are the people being left to play 1v2. This isn't a thread about people complaining that they're getting kicked. Keep up.
We're talking about paying to access the store which you don't need PSN or xbl for.
Sony doesn't and never had that process. It was only 360 that did that.
Booo
Looks like an old fashioned Agni Kai to me.
Pffft
Now we on a roll like Kimbo Dice.
... So Sanchez as our main striker.
This should be Rondarousing.
