If you want it, you can take it. I'm just kind of tired of seeing no blurb for the Mets lol.
I mean... he had 10 Ks and no walks in his 4 innings. This points more toward shitty luck than anything else. It's just crazy to see two starters in Cashner and Syndergaard to get so unlucky back to back.
Clint Robinson got picked off with Rendon at the plate and the tying run on second.  *Noice*
Y'all are about to get Nale'd.
Chad is also king of the open mouth gape and the reason we got the "leg up on me" line from Chris.
I'll go season by season  1. Dirk  2. Mike  3. Lindsey  4. Gabe  5. Robb  6. Shawna  7. Osten  8. Richard  9. Bubba  10. James  11. Amy  12. Bobby  13. Cao Boi  14. Rocky  15. Dave  16. Tracy  17. GC  18. Sydney  19. Russell  20. Tom  21. Jill  22. Stephanie  23. Stacey  24. Colton  25. Dawson  26. Allie  27. Brad  28. Brice  29. Drew  30. Joaquin
If you want to stay away from spoilers, keep away from S11, 16, 20, 22, 23, 25, 26, and 27. They all feature returning players from other seasons. Watch all newbie seasons first.
You also got Pagan for Ramon Ramirez and Andres Torres, which has really been the only bad trade Sandy has made.
"Yeah, but it was against the Mets."  "Oh, that makes sense."
Lol he was voted out three times. He threw a hissy fit after the Elyse and Keith TC's. He got worse with every season he went on.
*Smarjerry
Smeagolgery
He did it for SmartJerry.
Season 7 Episode 10 "Swimming With Sharks"
What, you guys couldn't get Roxy?
"I knew it was out of here, but I didn't want to get in the way of your homerun call"  Keith is on fire tonight.
What about Dillon Gee in a wig?
There are two outs.
Colon will be gone when Wheeler comes back.
It took a weird bounce, but it didn't hit the base.
Is Grilli not the Braves closer?
She died, dude.
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!!!!!!!
Not if Noah Syndergaard has anything to say about it.
Men:  * Sean Kenniff  * Butch Lockley  * Rory Freeman  * James Miller  * Dreamz Herd  * Dan Kay  * Jimmy Tarantino  * Greg "Tarzan" Smith  * Zane Knight  * Drew Christy  Women  * Debb Eaton  * Zoe Zanidakis  * Lil Morris  * Wanda Shirk  * Lisi Linares  * Gillian Larson  * Kelly Shinn  * Stacey Powell  * Angie Layton  * J'Tia Taylor
What the fuck Sandy.
LOL Batista tried to deke and it cost him. He ain't no Murph.
Carlos Torres making the best offense in baseball look bad... not something I expected to see today.
Holy fuck.
What exactly are you talking about?
Smarjorie taught him that.
Wiglesworth.
Big inning coming up with 2-3-4 in their order.
pretty much anything.
Keep throwing that curve Bobby. It's looking good.
&gt;I remember the rest of the tribe sticking whoever's foot it was into a pan of hot water to cauterize it.  That sounds like Robbbbb and the stingray to me.
Lol
Mr. Buckethead?
&gt;The ~~un~~stoppable force that is the Mets offense meets the ~~im~~movable object that is the Braves bullpen  FTFY
Wanda and Jonathan.
Kass and Spencer
Yeah but Rob and Amber weren't together before the show started. Probst and Savage are more like Ethan and Jenna, they were together before, during and after the show, but they won't ever address it.
The difference was that they knew neither of their votes mattered. Aras and Ethan were winning either way. Greg did it in a 4-3 vote.
No, I don't. Could explain this trend a little further?
Catcher had an America's Funniest Home Video's style nut shot.
Wilmer Flores has got to get Dilson to make that play.
lol that bounced
Matt Harvey was also in that 2012 class.
Good News: Metsbot is back!  Bad News: Literally everything else.
CBS.com?
