See you l8er boy
But how's the PS4?
Have you played TEW? The most over wrestler in the video game is figuratively a fictional version of Adam Rose. He could get over with the right booking
No way! WAs just reading about him helping young talented in NXT a few days ago, RIP!
They call hiiiiiim Cage.
Hi
"Hahaha I will be taking over Manhattan...with the People's Elbow!!"
I know, that's what I said.
Happy birthday!
Also pretty much most of Asia's distant uncle
That year the most "obvious" choice was the most intriguing. Jericho vs Punk with more fanfare could've been huge
If you need a few days, save up a paycheck or two. Cities like Seattle or Memphis have hotel-airfare packages on Orbitz that cost around 300-400 bucks for half a week!
He's also in the new Star Wars movie coming out next year! There are actually two asian male protagonists in Rogue One!
MVP, Shelton and Kofi have incredible workrates. Ahmed, Lashley and Ezekiel all had relatively comparable traits based on skill and look with Reigns
Thanks el Jefe
Sunny re debut eminent
Whoa, Abyss, Ron Killings, Typical Florida man, Crazzy Steve and Dustin Rhodes it's like I'm back in TNA all over again
He's still a backup in Detroit. We can run our same system with Teague and Shroeder but run it more 50|50 rather than 70|30 that we have now. Jennings is an expiring contract so unless he becomes a major upgrade over teague, we probably will use that space on someone else
No u scare me
Funny how pre-recorded LU is yet they still found a way to be mainstream relevant with all the "Fuck Draymond" shit going on.
Chowdah and Crowdah?
Just give us Trey Burke we will become the Atlanta Wolverines
Oui noice
No a doggo is a big pupper
I'm not sure about top picks yet, but none of them are busts so far. Jury is still out there whether or not Randle and Russell are better than those drafted before and after them but they've absolutely killed it with their recent second round picks. Both Nance and Clarkson are tremendous prospects as well.
Get the fuck out of our sub
Exactly. The Hawks should know best, we got Shroeder from the Anthony Bennett draft
You better stop worrying about trolling on another teams sub and start worrying about PG playing in another Olympic game
Here we goo
Probably someone who we've never heard of.
Thank God DeAndre isn't here or else those shit heads at ESPN would be playing 20 questions right now with his dead relative. Fuck ESPN
Didn't his mom forget that he played basketball?
Thanks, I'll take my golden hot pocket now.
Which one of the Cavs ~~trolls~~ guests that we hosted this postseason do you think is the guy who ate the poop at the championship parade yesterday?
Too soon *rips off Roman Reigns grown up sized onsie*
Jabari Parker tho
Bucky Barnes
Can't stump the hump!
He's ours now!!!! Pls Hawks FO
We are on pace for 70 😂😂
Ronda Rousey put up a better fight 😂😂
Wait...there's still another half to go?
Dwight's significantly raised his trade value since the Celtics offered him. Realistically the Celtics wouldn't be able to take both Sap and Dwight without sending us back Horford's contract, which would be ironic to the least. But I don't think we want Horford if we rebuild.   Realistically I only see us sending Dwight and Sap together to a buying team. Portland would be the probable one because of how much stronger their backcourt is. They would have to fork over McCullum but it would be the most beneficial mutual trade. Also they have a lot of large contract filler with Crabbe and and Turner. We'd probably ask for Plumlee and Von let.   The Nuggets would probably be another decent target. Faried/one of their SFs as well as one of their big three prospects (Mudiay, Jokic or Murray) or Gary Harris+Nurkic/Harris.  I think the Bucks could also work. They really want a center badly, and Two quality bigs along with Giannis can seriously cause match up problems with the Cavs. We'd definitely demand Jabari Parker in return as well as hometown boy Malcolm Brogdon. We'd probably have to eat the bad contracts of Plumlee and Henson but we'd still be coming out with more assets.  The last buying team that could help us out would be OKC. They need some talent to pair for WB'S prime and they have some good talent and contract filler. We'd probably ask for one of their centers, Payne +and  Sabonis before we even field Dwight. OKC might do it because they really need talent to field with WB because the only remotely possible star to pair with wb is Griffin because of his hometown and even that seems out there.  *edit: adding on, if we did trade with the Celtics, we'd definitely need Brown and Smart. We'd probably not do it unless we also get one of their wings. If they can find a way to salary dump with us without giving us Horford we could have a deal with them e/I a 3 way trade
Read our top self posts. You'll know who we want on your roster
to the same guy
There was a LOT of fans leaving when we closed within one touchdown.
Papas back! Maybe
Zaza vs Korver NBA Finals. Two titans collide
Big Z rule
He got into Buds car
