Pretty good argument. Especially when your ex-teammates are killing people and letting the air out of footballs. Much harsher crimes.
*Outta the way ewe!
For your first movie-theater experience ... you choose ... poorly.
Uh, did they give Watney a wife and kid?
Bean plays a NASA nerd back on earth.
Be David Caruso in "Jade."
Read the story and do research before posting a comment people. This "story" is a column written for Slate by an environmental activist. The law that Wyoming passed had nothing to do with taking pictures. It had everything to do with "scientists" trespassing on private land -- a huge problem in the state -- in order to do research on public lands. That's it. Is it a poorly written law? Of course. But will you be persecuted for taking a photo of Yellowstone. No.    So please, take things with a grain of salt when you read them on the Internet and do more background research than making sweeping judgements and decisions based on one biased column.   P.S. I find it funny how everyone on the left is pro-government expansion until it infringes on THEIR freedom. Maybe they will soon get what their cousins on the right have been screaming about for centuries. Less government = best government.
This was the 90s. These were "bad guys" in the 90s.
Ok....
Actually, it's the First Amendment protecting both of you. The confederate wannabes and the Yankee dandies.
Uh yeah, it's called war for a reason, albeit a war of arms races and spy games. If the U.S. would not have flexed superior might, you may not be here. Think about this.
Should have had a picture of Dean Pelton and Chang.
Patterson Lake's Crooked Crane Trail is about to get a huge revamp too, so that'll be nice.
AWESOME-O!!!
I know a girl from college who is in one of those Blue Cross Blue Shield "take the stairs" commercials. They're so cheesy, yet surprisingly well done.
That seemed like a lot of work for a gif.
Jesus.
Remember when dogs couldn't see TVs?
Man or woman?
Run.
Well, considering most of the characters were created by Jewish white guys....
How about the Native Americans, Syrians, Finnish and Australians? Where are their directors? Where are their superheroes? See how far the rabbit hole goes?
Difference: Trump's wife's plastic surgery was paid for with earned money.
He wakes up every morning and makes the decision to wear that fucking earring.
Yet he functions like Simple Jack.
And then you learned he had a bigger dick then you?
So those are the players we AREN'T getting. Because when has a mock draft ever been totally correct?
They did. It's called free agency. It didn't help.
He revealed their closely guarded secret.
We've had oil since the 50s. We also produce a lot of the food people eat every day.   North Dakota: Being quietly useful and not taking any credit for it since 1889.
https://imgflip.com/gif/djjrg
Design me one then and let's have some fun.
Most Are
How did you do the ads?
And then the Qatari government sues FIFA over all the stadiums they built and can't use. Oh well, I suppose they wouldn't really be used after 2022 anyway.
"We can't just leave him like that."
That's the gag.
Is Blake Jenner the dude sticking his dick in her in those tasteful pornography photographs she has floating around?
This effort failed. Wonder why?
Try 80s
South Dakota takes its wrestling seriously. But also with a side of humor.
Paris.
Sounds like a r/RickandMorty/ moment.
A study came out that these images were exaggerated.   http://www.thedickinsonpress.com/energy/gas/3763656-study-shows-bakken-natural-gas-flare-satellite-images-arent-accurate
At least 2. Wentz put a quick pass on an open bubble screen in his hands and he flat dropped it.
Jodie Foster, is that you?
No one got your joke. #zombieland
That sounds like a season of a Entourage.
I just remember how Resse screwed Paul Walker and then they become colored. As in not grayscale.
Now we know Zach Snyder's handle. Or at least some WB studio lackey's handle.
