Haha wow. You literally just murdered their entire team twice over!
Although very rare, there do exist a number of Devil Fruit users whom use their abilities to benefit society instead of using them for combat. Its just that a lot of Devil Fruit owners tend to be combatants because they occur naturally only within the Grand Line where strength is a major requirement.  Mansherry's Heal powers come to mind. She's pretty much resolving her entire country's post-disaster first aid problem by herself. Other examples include Kuzan's Ice powers let him build structures to rescue stranded refugees, Magellan's Poison which makes him the perfect (vice) Warden and Ivankov whom uses his Hormone powers to cure people.
ROTOM DEX!? AND IT TALKS!? C-can we battle with it?  Also Kukui's assistant is super cute too. Hau and Lillie both look to be potentially great Rivals.
Junkrat really made all that happen. Not only dud the mine bounce save the team's Hanzo, but it also made this ridiculous POTG happen.
Not quite. Paralyze has a lower trigger rate and has some types immune to it, which limit its effectiveness. Fairy and Electric are two examples of types immune to Paralyze effects (which makes Registeel pretty awful).
Well it goes Double, Triple, Quadruple, Quintuple. Since they normally all rattle off one after another in quick succession (Bastion players should find it familiar), having the massive sound streak end in HEXA KILL probably sounds rather underwhelming.
Buggy would probably stand to benefit more from Rokushiki than any other character we've seen to date.  Shigan gives practically every small split part significant pierce damage potential and allows for unexpected attack angles (think Bara Bara Carnival with that)  Geppou lets his feet fly, expanding his area of effect to greater ranges.  Rankyaku would be fantastic when combined with his weird kicking angles (Bara Bara Senbei would be really interesting.)  Soru makes him really slippery and difficult to pin down.  Kami-e is the kicker. Paper physics would amp up his dodging ability like mad, making his individual parts act super weirdly and making fighting him the equivalent of attempting to punch a cloud of floating scrap paper.  The only useless one is Tekkai, but that's more due to how Buggy's Fruit has insane potential as a dodging type fighter that can attack from super weird angles. Even then it has use as Buggy's independently floating parts bypass Tekkai's drawback of being incapable of moving, allowing him to harden his body parts for harder strikes.
Inferno Cop is here!? And he's not being used for zany comedy!? He's actually giving serious, plot relevant advice and counseling?  This is madness!
FOR SCIENCE!
Praise Anarchy.
This is a really cool idea! I can actually see someone like this running around in U.A, and sounds like it'd make for a rather creative power too.
He's like Hagakure in a weird way. He's great at disguises and can be very difficult to find on short notice.
Considering we already have precedent for rock powers in the manga (Pixiebob's Flowstone) I'm surprised you are the first to think of it here.  Elaborate more on the disadvantages, limitations, strengths and applications of the Quirk? More details the better, since it gives the OP a better idea of how you'd fight.
Truly this was the end of an era. The Villain Alliance may have lost its leader, but they achieved their goal; killing All Might, Symbol of Peace. Shigaraki and Midoriya are now the succeeding generation.  Also notice how Iida's still wearing the silly fake mustache. And nobody is paying any attention to it.
Notice Iida is still wearing his silly fake disguise mustache for no real reason. Even funnier how everyone treats it like normal.
Kaio-what?
The most exciting thing in a battle royale is seeing the wide variety of potential abilities people can come up with. Variety is the spice of life, and it'd be a bit dull if we ended up having too many similar Quirks fighting each other.  Unless we get something like Kirishima vs Tetsutetsu. Then its funny.
Definitely seeing the parallels between Aizawa and Shinsou. I recall Aizawa himself criticizing the entrance exam for heavily favoring battle Quirks and causing other very useful abilities to fall through the cracks.  Brainwash is very much on par with Eraser in many ways. Could certainly see Shinsou succeeding him in the next generation.
Perfect xD
Perhaps you can FIGHT FOR JUSTICE in the next competition.
The springs are a type of muscle, meaning they can be manually contracted back into their original shape. Relaxing them a lot can probably cause his arms and legs to slinky out though. Over exhaustion can also lead to his springs losing power and their compact form, but since they are natural muscles, they will eventually repair themselves given sufficient recovery time.
Very... bizarre. The pacing of everything so far fits the track of the last two episodes being used for the climax fight of the USJ Arc and subsequent aftermath. No idea what a 14th episode could possibly be used for except non-canon shenanigans.
My Japanese is not proficient enough for a proper translation, but I have a general gist of it.  I believe he's talking about the source of inspiration behind the manga. In particular he references Spider Man and Batman as big sources of inspiration in designing Midoriya. Also he sounds really excited in general judging from his tone throughout the dialogue.
Shellder spawns coins (Stage starts with two. Every 3 turns, it spawns 2 Shellder icons and a single coin) and Cloyster gives 100 exp. Gives us incentive to play for more than to hunt Shinies.  Next week's competition is M-Gyarados. They highly recommend Raikou for some reason, so recommend bringing it with you into the Safari to level it on Cloyster.
Simply **PLUS ULTRA!**
Considering not even the OC's creator said he could do that, that may be stretching. Remember one of the rules was that the original profile specifies what can or cannot be done.  In fact, it's mentioned that he's relatively fireproof, due to his body adapting to lighting itself on fire all the time. If his body is immune to fire, it's reasonable to guess he can't sear his wounds shut since his skin would be unaffected from the burning.  A lot of things would happen in a real scenario, many of which would be understandable for the moment. Problem is this isn't a manga, but a simulation. The only way to determine a winner is to theorize how a fight would go and judge impartially. It's not about debating over who can win against who because why, but assessing what each is capable of and is likely to win when factoring in their stats, abilities and terrain.
Question. How big is that structure? The pic is taken from a faraway perspective, so how big or small the landmass is may vary. One can assume its the size of a rock outcropping, but someone else may think its a small island.   Crimson Arm vs Repel. Gonna be a battle of attrition.
Yeah, but the issue of civilians were simulated. That's the whole idea behind collateral damage.
This was the song they used in all the PV's before it started. Parts of it were sampled for exceptionally epic moments like Deku's run and All Might's Detroit Smash.
Hahaha, goddamn it Aoyama!
Blood Manipulation was its name, but we don't have any idea how exactly it functions.  He used it during the Summer Camp Arc, after things go wrong.
Well... he was planning to. He was already planning to become a teacher at U.A from the story's start, and presumably he would've searched for a suitable candidate among the students there.  Its just that he was looking for character, not Quirk and ability. He just so happened to find Midoriya first.
Jet Set Radio reboot looking fine.
*Motoharu is looking at a phone* "So the psychic lost huh? Bit of a shame."
I'd say Zoroark would be an A or B. RMLs get him to Level 13, and at 99 AP he becomes one of the hardest hitting Dark Types. His Sinister Power is also pretty good for all Dark teams, and still remains the top user of that skill. The problem is that Dark still retains redundant coverage with Ghost and there's a lack of exceptionally good Dark Pokemon outside of Darkrai and Hydreigon.  Celebi should be B. Cheer is a very fun and unique skill and Celebi becomes a suitable user of it. The problem lies in Celebi using its Psychic Type instead of Grass, limiting its coverage and abusability. Few Psychics have abilities worth pairing Cheer with, though it notably pairs well with the Lake Trio (Sleep Charm, Paralyze, Mind Zap) due to them having powerful but unreliable delaying abilities.
A Devil Fruit is only as good as its user. Don't forget Caeser Clown and and Foxy have amazing fruits but are utter rubbish at using them and fighting.  EDIT. Right, I take it back. Caeser does possess a good creative mindset with his fruit due his nature as a gas researcher. He was still poor at combat though, which fits the context of the argument here.
Oh man you are probably gonna feel so happy playing Sun/Moon. I don't think Game Freak has been this culturally relevant to any game ever!  Tapu Koko's ability summons Electric Terrain. It stands to reason the other island guardians should summon Grass and Fairy terrains as well. Does this tie into any mythology?
Vikavolt is literally a mini Seltas!  Can't wait to rock an Electric team at VGCs. Tapu Koko's Elek Maker ability is so awesome.
It even curls up and does an electric spin dash attack!
A cute detail in the ending shot is that a lot of classmates are rather close to each other.  Tsuyu can be seen behind Mineta, Sero and Kaminari are chatting with each other, Hagakure is waving to Shouji, and Kouda is right across the street from Jirou.  Then there's Iida...
Probopass and Diancie.... maybe...?  Also Nihilego.
Nope, but that doesn't matter in the context of the match. The thief's hiding spot is of no consequence.  Your statement will be based around HOW you intend to search out the thief, and not about finding the thief's location. Whoever makes the better case and search tactic will win, due to being more likely to find him first. Use your Quirks, your brains, and any resource you have at your disposal to devise the best possible investigation you can do.  The situation is created in such a way so that the thief will eventually be found, due to the Royal Guard locking off all escapes. Its only a question of who's superior investigation locates him faster.
If I recall there was a confirmation of some kinda Pokemon game coming to Switch. What kind of game is another question entirely.  Still, it wouldn't surprise me if Switch got a mainline game eventually. 3DS can't carry the franchise forever, and Pokemon would explosively impact Switch sales.
Hmm... are you using him for any breeding or anything? Water 1 and Field Egg Groups make him good for breeding a number of things.
Interested in HA Moon Ball Grimer and HA Lure Carvanha.  I have Level Sandile, Friend HA Exeggcute, Heavy Mudbray and Moon HA Drampa.
Get in.
Don't look at me. I didn't decide the bracket. xD
The Shuffle ride never ends!
Inner Focus Crobat is always a great anti-lead. It gets Whirlwind as an egg move, which outprioritizes Trick Room, letting you force switch Porygon 2/any TR setter before they can act.  Also comes equipped with fast Taunt.
Much appreciated
