You can verify his Judo rank or lack thereof in about 15 minutes. Judo is REALLY REALLY strict about keeping records of who has what black belt rank.
www.joshjitsu.info  It's primarily focused on BJJ and BJJ related training philosophy. Some of the articles can be more widely applicable, like http://www.joshjitsu.info/2011/11/circles-pyramids-shotguns-and-lasers.html but most of them would only be interesting if you are training in grappling of some kind.
&gt; but the biggest problem would be that your opponent would have to be wearing something you could easily grip that wouldn't rip or come off  This isn't true. Using your feet to pressure the biceps even without any grip allows for a pretty effective defensive guard, especially against the untrained. And a solid wrist grip without sleeves lets you do almost all of the same spider guard technique if you want to.  However spider guard is used in self defense to slam upkicks into your opponents face, not do anything fancy. You just post on their biceps, then kick them in the face, then return to posting.
/u/rand486, king of the internet, comes through again.
We're bigger than /r/martialarts and more active, strangely enough.
How come the only thing I remember from reading these books is my favorite characters getting murdered every 20 pages, while the TV show seems to have them raging across the landscape in invincible fashion?
OK, I watched the video twice more and I didn't see a single instance of an active RDLR hook. The bottom guys leg is pinned, it's not active. He can't use it to do anything.   This technique is Dillon stepping around a weak hook unopposed in order to hit a kneebar. If the bottom guy had a spider guard hook and was pressuring up so that he could free that bottom leg and use it as an active RDLR hook then that kneebar option becomes a hell of a lot more difficult because you don't get a free step over.  This whole technique relies on your opponent choosing to go to the lasso without an active hook.
Someone reaches out to shake hands and you establish the dominant sleeve grip and start reaching for the collar.
Apply steady force in the direction that they are weak in. No need for bursts generally speaking.
I've seen 4 year olds doing well in the kids classes. Wrestling/Grappling is a very natural behavior for kids and it's easy for them to understand the idea of it. A gym with a good kids class should be a great place for your kids at the 4 year old mark and up. 3 might be a bit young for it still.
The is if you are unaware that someone has a knife, and you have already engaged them. There are ways to correctly control a person to prevent them from deploying a weapon. You should use those. The person in our example video did not.
It's because it's a staged video from a Ninjitsu school. The knife is fake, the blood is fake. That's also why the armbar looks like first day whitebelt shit done by someone who has had an armbar described to them, but is trying it for the first time.
Hey JiuJiu! I haven't seen you post in a while! Welcome back to the party!
"An armbar" is not spiderweb. There are control positions which can also allow you to armbar someone, but the armbar itself is not the control position.
No-Gi ezekiel. Force created by wrapping your fingers over your forearm.
You learn an enormous amount in your first few months of BJJ, but you are generally expected to roll very early on. The curriculum is going to vary from gym to gym. MOST will have some kind beginner instruction that lasts for a few classes to get you familiar with the ideas of BJJ, but after that you learn with everyone else.
Any thoughts given to continual expansion of the game world, additional ongoing challenges, etc... or is it more likely to be a one and done kind of project with no future expansion after the release?
Sityodtong is one of the best Muay Thai gyms in the country. If you can train there do it. Boston Muay Thai also has a pretty damn good Thai instructor. Your options are fantastic.
If you want to build strength then strength train. Join a power lifting group and do competitive weight lifting. It's fun and it will make you super strong.  If you want to learn to fight then MMA is the way to go.  If you just want to kick and punch then Muay Thai is the best option.  If you want crazy acrobatic kicking and punching then Capoeira is a lot of fun.
$100 is the lowest I'll generally see for MT only, 2 days per week only, in Atlanta. Kind of the budget plan. Unlimited training is indeed going to be $150 or more.
Well, since you're at HCG there is no hope. Those guys D'arce like it's a fucking religion. :)  I assume you are mostly getting d'arced when in halfguard bottom and you are trying to roll up for an old school sweep or something like that? The key point there is to keep your head glued to your arm as you dive under. If you can't get all the way under then you have to back out, straighten your posture, and keep your head away from your opponent.   Every time someone starts to wrap your head you need to posture out of it. Don't think you can fight through it. Just immediately bail back out to a longer range guard.  If you are getting d'arced from other positions like turtle then you need to be defending the position more actively to avoid letting them set it up.
It happens in very high level competition more than local stuff, but I still see 1-2 semi serious limb injuries per tournament. Very famously recently a female competitor had her arm badly broken during the match and finished out the last 45 seconds or so in obvious excruciating pain.
I need to get some folks together and demo how this is done. Everyone seems to totally not understand that getting back to your feet is a technical action that is a practiced skill.
Whenever ANYONE starts talking shit about knife defense I pull out the ol' red sharpie marker and turn them into a fucking whiteboard then ask them to start from the beginning telling me how they would catch my arm and do whatever dumb shit...
If you want to see Aiki against a resisting opponent look up the videos of Mifune's judo. It embodies everything that Aikido espouses. The dude was flat out ELEGANT when he was throwing people on their heads.
10x10 minute rounds.
Probably depends on how deliberate it looks...
&gt; For instance there was a TKD instructor who would travel to a big city to learn BJJ and over time got promoted to brown belt and is now operating BJJ as his prime business.  Name of this person? It's very very rare for BJJ ranks to be given out without the accompanying skill.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRgoNsqKunI  Another life changed by Damien Maia.
Depends entirely on how you are passing. There is always going to be some way for someone to fight your pass attempt. Controlling the legs at the ankles gives you the most leverage and the ability to set up multiple passes, multiple direction changes, and generally create the best opportunity for passing.  The closer to the hips you are controlling your opponent the fewer options you have for passing methodologies because your opponent then has the ability to attack for grips and use his legs as well. It's simply more dangerous.   When you are backed out with control at the ankles then your opponents gripping options are extremely limited, they can't use their legs to defend, and they are forced into essentially desperation hip movement pass counters and forced inversion.  They have to recover the position in some way before they can start attacking you again. Also, which Kron v Torres match are you talking about? Their ADCC match reinforces my point. Torres went for light control near the knee, attempting a pass that left him inside Kron's legs, which resulted in him getting trapped in guard and armbarred. Had he been further out and taken control near the ankles then he would have had a better chance of getting past Kron's legs. Probably still wouldn't have, because fucking KRON, but he wouldn't have already been inside the guard when beginning the pass attempt.
&gt;  I can not tell you the amount of times a black belt has said to the beginner class, "pull guard, there is no point in both sitting on your knees or not allowing someone to play top position." You just sound like that dick that has to win every roll.  Tha FUCK are you talking about?   I am talking about the specific situation where the buzzer sounds, the two of you slap hands, and then your partner hops to his feet five feet away from you. That has nothing to do with any of the dumb shit you are saying.  Everyone I have ever trained with engages first then stands so that there is interaction at the beginning of the roll. Why? Because standing up 5 feet away from someone just invites them to stand up too unless something has been agreed upon prior to the roll.  If you get to stand up, I get to stand up, and we can work from standing.
He's a valuable training partner. He has the same amount of training that you do and he's way more athletic. Don't worry about submitting him, just use him as a way to practice your positional control. Work with this guy until you can hold him down and maintain position on him and think about how easy it will be to hold position on people who aren't as athletic as this guy is.
http://img.pandawhale.com/post-2436-Things-I-Care-About-vs-What-Yo-ATPn.jpeg
Because the nerd/geek community is easily enraged and getting people angry translates into traffic. How many people saw that and immediately went to read it and be angry? Every one of those people represents a positive for them, even if they are super angry.   We don't represent their normal readership, so it's not like any of us are going to cancel our subscription or stop reading because of it, so it's essentially free publicity and a quick spike in exposure for them.
Yep, that's almost always a good place to focus. It gives you a clear goal, it's something that will be fresh in your mind, and it will help cement the technique for you.
If you are caught, tap. People GENERALLY don't slam the submissions, but they aren't going to sit there and give you time to work out of them either.   No one is going to sue you. It's your opponents responsibility to tap when he's in danger. If he's not tapping then he's telling you he's fine.
Actually, look at the total number of any given card available for sale on a given day.  If just a few hundred out of the hundreds of thousands of players decide to order a card because of an announcement that it won't be reprinting in a set, or because they see a deck hit top 8 in a GP or something it's a HUGE percentage of the available cards of any one card at any given moment. That's what leads to 'buyout' behavior.
Judo is the #1 best option for LEOs with BJJ and Wrestling more or less tied for 2nd place.   Striking suspects is a HUGE no no, but putting them on the ground to restrain them is almost always your end goal and all three of those arts will help you do that.  However there are things specific to LEOs that you have to think about, like how to protect your weapon during an unarmed encounter, and what your use of force rules are.
Testicle Knee-Ride is a legitimate passing technique.
You're pretty much awful at everything right now, so don't worry about being a one trick pony right now. There is plenty of room for you to improve everything right now.   Your top priority should be the ability to escape from every bad position reliably right now. Secondary to that is working on developing everything else.   If you want to get the most from your training then you have to go in with focus on your goals, and don't screw around. Get as many reps of each drill in as possible, when you are rolling focus on the techniques you learned in class and try to execute them.  Later on once you have built up your library of techniques around mid blue belt you start putting together a game and working on your specific game and targeting your weaknesses.
So we've established that you don't know what you are doing.  Are you doing it as hard and as fast as you can? No? Then you aren't spazzing.  If you are trying to do something with deliberate focus in a controlled way, even if it's not something you've been taught, then you're fine.
EXCUSE ME WHILE I SLAP MY DRINK ACROSS YOUR ARTWORK SIR! OH! I HAD NO IDEA THAT MIGHT HAPPEN!
&gt;I don't want to be rude  Be rude.  Take control of your training. If the dude tries to stop drilling to tell you some shit then tell him you want to get your reps in and he can discuss it afterwards.  Dudes breath is bad? Bring listerine strips or mints or something and give him one before class every time.  Dude has BO? Sometimes you just gotta deal with that shit. It's a sweaty sport with sweaty people.
Well, we don't know that for sure unless it was updated since I first read it.  This might be a situation where one group of people are less invested in the competitive scene, so they aren't shelling out for snapcasters and shit, while the other group is. So all of group 1s decks are Tier 1.5 and Tier 2 at best, while Group 2 is fielding Tier 1 decks across the board.  If that is the case then the 'money' variable can be removed by switching formats to one that is less affected by your supply of available cash.  If Group 2 is just straight up a bunch of better magic players then the result is going to be identical, obviously, but again we don't have that information as far as I know.
Please don't.   Go buy the appropriate gear for your bondage related sexytimes and leave your BJJ stuff out of it.
How close to this are you?  Universal Martial Arts  ADDRESS: 165 Amboy Rd. (Building: F-601), Morganville, NJ 07751 PNONE: (732) 252-8103 / (732) 718-9466  Web site: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sambo-MMA/205389642812076 E-MAIL: samboinnj@yahoo.com  INSTRUCTOR: JAMES WHITE  This is a combat Sambo place that probably will be exactly what you are looking for.
If they are applying an armbar and putting steady pressure, and you tap when the pressure is at the limit, and they continue to put pressure on for another full second because they lost focus a bit, your arm will know the difference. It's not cranking it's just continued application of pressure beyond the tap due to inattention or slower reaction.
The goal behind all of those things is to make the space that your opponents neck is in as small as possible, so do all of those things and then look for other ways to make the space small from wherever you end up. Some times this means getting up on your toes and rotating a bit, punching your choking arm through a bit harder, turning your wrist over, etc...
Don't ever let your foot go past your opponents hip.
Pass to the other side.
