Breadsoda is really the only palatable place in Glover, and the owners are fantastic. Town Hall and Bourbon across the street are both uber-brotastic.
I'll hand you ammo.
Absolutely. We're running it today.
Jinx Proof has several very good artists (Tim has done a bunch of work on me), but I would avoid it on weekends, as they pretty much only do simple stuff for the walk-in (aka dolphin on the ankle) crowd.
Taxi or Uber should be fairly cheap at that time of night, as there will be zero traffic.
There are some great swimming holes on the Patapsco River off Marriottsville Rd in Ellicott City. It's roughly an hour drive. It can get pretty crowded, though.
Looks like IAD will most definitely have Metro access by 2087, as planned.
Best of luck getting your future DC neighbours to pay attention to the signs or getting them enforced at all.
CoHi? Gunshots. Definitely gunshots.
Find their office. Poop on their front step. Call it even. Celebrate with beer.
As far as frozen breadsticks go, sorta.
The infamous pitbull flop. I see this when walks aren't long enough or if it's pretty obvious I'm going on a business trip.
Harmony has solid Chinese food, albeit in a basement decorated like the former Indian restaurant it was. Huge vegan selection, as well.
Are you stuck somewhere more Kafka-esque like MD or PA? Otherwise, why???
The majority of braking on a bicycle, much like on a car, is done by the front brake. Thanks to the ability to either skip brake or put reverse pressure on the pedals, a fixed gear does not really require a rear brake.
Not by the beer list, but likely by the massive crowd and the lack of seating.  That aside, any of the Pizzeria Paradisos have a well-curated beer list. Meridian Pint/Brookland Pint isn't bad for selection, either.
I know Lost Rhino and Old Ox. What are the other two?
Uniting the pennis and vaggina?
I have heard of exactly one photo ticket being successfully challenged, and it was done by an experienced attorney.  The secret to not getting tickets: Don't speed. Keep your speed to 9mph or less over the limit. When in doubt, assume the limit is 20mph.
&gt; I get these tickets all the time  User name checks out.
There's a fairly good chance that there isn't a single solid piece of metal on the unibody to even mount a replacement tank.
For instance, you don't bite when people examine your teeth and your coat is smooth and shiny?
I thought it was Yokel Haram?
If you are with your dog at a dogpark and a breeder shows up, leave immediately. They will have the worst behaved dog on the planet, and they will ignore it when it wreaks havoc.
In Idris v City of Chicago, the 7th Circuit stated that, *“no one has a fundamental right to run a red light or avoid being seen by a camera on a public street.”*.
You mean a real, mid-sized SUV with a bombproof, albeit it underpowered V6?
I always remove the skin from my chickpeas. It takes very little time, so long as one starts with dried chickpeas. Soaking dried chickpeas in baking soda overnight, prior to cooking them, basically eats away the pectin in the skins, and they just wash away with a quick rinse.
To quote the American Cancer Society:  &gt;Only about 4% to 7% of people are able to quit smoking on any given attempt without medicines or other help.  &gt;Studies in medical journals have reported that about 25% of smokers who use medicines can stay smoke-free for over 6 months.  I'm sorry that the harsh reality of life seems to scare you, but you're going to need to suck it up if you ever hope to succeed at anything. Support is providing realistic potential outcomes, not unicorns farting rainbows.
How much did you tithe?
There are no other sites, and your chances are effectively zero, unless you have serious experience, a preferential status, or an amazing, highly sought-after skillset. Keep applying, by all means, but keep your expectation level at roughly zero.
Isn't this the same airport where they've been using a temporary terminal for 30 years? The Silver will never make it out there.
Dan's Cafe  /thread
The streetcar tracks have been theoretically open for business for over a year, but that hasn't stopped that program from being all but scrapped. There will be so many massive fuck-ups on the Silver extension that it will either be delayed by many, many years or be abandoned.
Incorrect. We are Neanderthals.
Read /u/SourGrapes2015's post history. This is a throwaway troll account.
Dan's doesn't have a dry sauna.
What if they're opening for Slayer?
How does one know if the switch is on or off? Do they install a blinking, red LED onto the scrotum?
You don't have a shop bitch/gofer? Just make him wear a tux.
Soylent Veal
Having a childhood mortality rate near zero has made children less fungible. Many cultures didn't even bother naming children until they made it to a year.
Correct. 2009 A4.
Nope, just neatly and tightly stacked. I have no idea as to whom the driver was, as we worked opposite shifts, but I'm guessing he was exceedingly creepy.
I'd set that motherfucker off 50 times a day. That would be more annoying than the seatbelt chime that I accidentally disconnected.
How much coolant did it puke on your shop floor (Assuming it had any coolant to puke...)?
Polk, Harding, Buchanan, and Jackson were all CF. Buchanan was the only president never to marry, and was suspected to be gay.  Technically, Washington never had kids of his own, but he did have 2 stepchildren from his marriage to Martha Custis.
Only compared to Adelaide.
It's probably a placebo, but a goddamned good one.   I never really smoked out of stress, I mainly smoked to kill time, to get going in the morning, or to enjoy the end of my day.
Sure he does. That's how pibbles sit.
Also, don't underestimate the reach of the tahini cartel. Those motherfuckers are ruthless.
