This.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J7n9mDIGD4 wow... lmaooooo
Yep...That part where he dodged a trout flurry was awesome.  you know a good place I can find good quality of may-pac and rigo-amagasa
post pics
sarcasm
I have a question. Are the boston dynamics robots better than the ones in the darpachallenge? Cause it seems their robot are immensely more fluid. one thing i don't get is that BD had their robots mimick human motion or animals to a tee with "joints" so they could balance themselves? If BD entered a challenged with their personally designed robot. Could they win?
Who is masyweather?
lmao. Fool look like he on death row
Lmaooooo
hahahaha
street fighter III: Third strike
are you serious? LOL
meet me outside pussy
Lmaoooo
.....I wish I could give you gold
this is a private company...not NASA who was handed a blank check from the government
arum ducked floyd. He and the hbo team knew floyd would win. They talk about pacquiao beating floyd but when the fight was official and they were asked who they picked. Most if not all picked floyd to win.
oh well. he lost.  plus floyd looked faster regardless
LMAO
"Bill Bellichick has announced that automated drones will take the field against the Miami Dolphins"
hahaha
I didn't know the Patriots still would have a bye if Them,the broncos and bengals all went 12-4.
Ah yes..Kirk Cousins the crip killer.
.....
How are we goin to talk about a rocket that's vaporware? They announced the Falcon Heavy about half a decade ago and it's still nowhere to be found. Yet you expect us to believe a rocket using a different set of engines, of an immense size..when the last time a rocket of that size of built it was by the government throwing their money at NASA and even then it sort of took time. I wouldn't count on the BFR just yet.
they changed when NE defenders mugged Peyton Mannings receivers.
we went 12-4 a year ago and more than likely would have had a similar or better record if not for injuries.
Wouldn't surprise me if they said this and played brock for schematic reasons now that I think about it.
Rise up!
who could forget the kurt angle inspired ankle lock he tried on cam...fuck that guy.
True enough.
this is the afc.
the saints won 4 full years after Katrina. Katrina happened in Aug 2005, the Saints won the Bowl in Feb 2009, that's four and a half years later. Also even around that time the saints were a potential playoff team.
"Here we are on this lovely day to watch the Carolina Panthers take on the government funded team, give all of your applause to! THe AREA 51 Centennials! "
hahaha
How many teams have an o-line as good as us?
you guys went to the superbowl the next year and got blew out. Get over it.
Texans if they made it impossible to support the new team.
Could have been the NFCE if not for the sorry ass eagles.
they won 3 superbowls in a four year period..that's a dynasty.
Please don't draft this big slow fuck.
its all fun and games until the weird student who digs boogers gets the first plate.
What the fuck is google ultron
By talking to I mean like going out/hanging out/dating/ not literally just talking.
FUCKING THANK YOU!. I watched Moss while he was prime and everytime you got caught on people would say you got "mossed". For some reason most people here act like Moss was scratching his butt and sniffing it whenever a play that didn't go his way was called.
Seriously. You have Joe Montana;Steve Young, and Rich Gannon[for his mvp season] throwing to you; that's insane.  To put that In todays perspective. Imagine if a Receiver had a Brady] who was then replaced by a Aaron Rodgers.
That shouldn't be a 15 yard penalty..wtf lol
their lack of oline helped a lot
Defense: Lawrence Taylor Offense:Tyron Smith.
Sherman sort of did when he said Peyton Mannings ducks would be ripe for the picking.
