If aui taught me anything is that even as a 2k scrub i buy my shit fast and go do stuff quick
I was not aware we were using Somalians for wine now
Do people evento know whata fuckboy is this days?
Midnas lament from Twilight Princess, the titles song for skullgirls and the intro son for final fantasy christal chronicles... Also I'm pretty sure xenoblade is pretty good soundtrack
5 reasons we hate... Is my reason to live
/s
Hacking... I don't feel any need to explain.
GO HUMAN BEINGS!!
When you are comfortable with mechanics just random... Who picks heroes anyways?
Yes it does if you have a silly hypothesis and you apply the scientific method to it and it concludes it doesn't fit with our model of the world it means that hypothesis was disproved.
Some do, there are ones with really tight crotch and a tinny ass zipper, the ones that aren't like that have plenty of room and hold nicely to the legs.
how do you use it offensively tho? I've always seen it as a counter initiation... Also I hardly ever play her but how does it work? is it like you need to stare at medusa for X time to get to stone or is it, if after X time of medusa turned the ult you look at her you instantly get stoned?
I thought you could always pirate/buy guitar pro...
Really?? It's been ages since I used it but I got some OK stuff from it, in paper it should be a good replacement to tab books tho
I will never understand
Maybe with rice
Guys if you are going to manscape, and you should, consider wax or other form of depilation, it hurts, but its worth it, shaving itches and leaves pimples and ingrown hairs, wax is much cleaner like that and you get smooth skin for quite a while
So much this! But now i love spamming that sweet lightning
HOHO HAHA
That's easy, the real problem comes when genders in languages you try to learn don't match with your mother language.
Yes, but it's different, gendering words is easy, people in lower classes will say vistes instead of viste for example in general.adding an S after verbs, like saying did you sees that? did you dos something? Some words are mispronounced, particularly anglicisms but not exclusively. Fuiste becomes juiste with a hard J sound or sandwiches becomes changüices and stuff like that. A very particular one, the word Mira or Look often looses the M and turns into Ira.  Rich people and people who want to seem higher class often don't get free, their anglicisms and other foreign words are often tried to be pronounced as accurately as possible and are used more often which imo makes it sound silly as fuck. Another problem is that they are often still mispronounced or spoken with weird inflections and as a decent English speaker it's silly as fuck. Another big problem with richer people is their accent, we too have ghetto accents and rich accents and rich people speak like a California girl speaking Spanish, that's the best way I can describe it.
Add ebola spirit, just for fun
That's so fucking cool TIL
You did say OUR emotions.
I hear that one and the scientology one are pretty accurate.
What are you talking about? You tell the kid to stop and his dad to stop him of you'll get them kicked out.
Lmao that has never happened to me but I'm sure that will be the first and only time I kick a kid
You da real MVP
The name "Aniv de la rev" is banned in my country because it's short for Aniversario de la Revolucion AND that's how calendars shorten it.
Ey bby
That's like a whole other level, Jesus.
Public forum, also because you were being a huge asshole
Yukio Mishima made one short called Rite of love and Death.  A young man in the military decides to kill himself after his friends attempt a failed coup. This 30 minute film covers all the way from him getting home, telling his wife, setting everything up, making love and both of them committing seppuku. A truly beautiful film based on his most famous short story.  The story is also a window into the mind of a man who would later commit seppuku himself after his own failed coup. Mishimas wife burnt all the copies after his death but luckily one was found a few years ago and you can watch it on youtube.
All the jabs at sony
Thank you for this, I really thought it was 9 year Olds too.
Not only Europeans the best colleges in Mexico are ran by the state
But there IS an old dune movie isn't it?
Toe- two moons
Dan "The Man With a Plan (to rape)" Shneider  Lmao.
Really? Dat ass? Dem titties??? Those eyes staring up as the suck a dick??? What are you talking about man??
There were a couple nudes from the fappening
Ohh, well I guess I'll have to keep waiting
Or if wisp has dd
No Ragrets  FTFY
I don't know if anyone has told you this but THERE ARE OTHER WAYS TO CHECK YOUR PROSTATE.   Now, some doctors are used to the old method, and touch is a really good way for them to be sure, also its a medical profesional, you shouldn't feel insecure, for them its just another day at the job. Just google prostate scan, its there, but getting a finger up your butt for a second is way faster and cheaper.
How??
There is a YouTube channel called Art of Photography and it's explained, it's easy to find, it should be in an art playlist or something (cant link because mobile). Basically it's shady how it's very much not regulated like other investments.
3 is get picked up by secret.
Implying not having all heroes from the get go doesn't allow ptw when you can use cash for heroes.
Dat credits song for skullgirls doe, love to hear it everytime I play it casually
