You wanted to throttle your MIL? Sounds like every sitcom dad in history...
Isn't that how hedge clippers are made?
What about Maggie Simpson? She's like 26 by now and that's still pretty much all she does in any episode. :b
Not just gay people; homosexuality has been observed in dozens of species. It's very common in dolphins.
It might help to add that so far Ireland is the only country that has legalized gay marriage by popular vote, and that was just a few weeks ago.
It's a trap! ADMIRAL AKBAR!
When exactly did Moses go from being a feeble man with a terrible stuttering problem to being freaking William Wallace. They seem to have mixed up their stories of escaping slaves. The tale of Moses was about the Jews FLEEING Egypt, not busting out. The film makers seem to have confused Moses with Spartacus.
The people in the mascot costumes at sports games and theme parks.
Viagra: "Takes a licking and keeps on ticking"
Nah, nobody there but Zule.
Why did you eat dog treats?
Well there was Napoleon. He's the reason the sphinx doesn't have a nose; his troops used it for target practice.
In Jeepers Creepers the main protagonist gets captured by the monster, which ends up skinning him, eating his eyes, and not being defeated in any way. In the second movie the main protagonists kind of win because they survive long enough for the creature to enter a hibernation state. It only awakens for 23 days every 23 years, so the protagonists "win" by surviving until the end of the 23 days.
Technically it's a cape buffalo. Check the url, it's a cape buffalo from the Denver Zoo. :P
The ones I've seen, yes.
Nor do we in much of Southern California. Places up in the mountains like Big Bear get snow, but none of the areas at lower altitudes do.
Fast food places tend to have where when you order a drink they just give you the empty cup. Off to the side there will be a machine that pours ice and soda so you can fill the cup yourself. A common scam is to ask for free water so you get a cup and then refill it with soda when you're done with the water.
There are a lot of places like this and Beijing that I hear about and just can't help wondering how much longer it's going to be before the air gets to the point where they just become uninhabitable to human beings.
Plus they solve the classic conundrum: How do blind people know when they're done wiping?
Fun fact: Vagina is Latin for Sheath.
She speaks for the trees.
He's gotta hate it when he has to wait for things done in alphabetical order.
Maybe he'll grow up to be the Spurgeon general.
Under what circumstances did you learn of this infernal device's existence?
They even had a very well made system of workers' compensation. If a member of the crew was injured they'd be given financial compensation in the form of coins known as pieces of eight. Not sure how valuable pieces of eight were, but the amount people would be given varied based on the severity of their injuries. For example, losing a leg would get you more pieces of eight than losing an eye.
I thought it was the third movie.
How valuable was the whole eight?
It taught me that licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
What is a lift? Is that the UK name for an elevator? As an American, the only use of the word lift in my vocabulary is the verb for picking something up, not any sort of device for picking things up.
"Hey! That continent ran right out in front of me!"
Before you try to use links to support your case, make sure the links actually do support it.
Sounds like a neat twist on Teddy Roosevelt's "big stick diplomacy." Speak softly, and carry a gun.
Actually, there is such a thing as low-high metabolism. It's what causes the variation between the three main body types. People with low metabolisms are endomorphs, meaning they put on weight easily. People with high metabolisms are ectomorphs, meaning they burn weight quickly. People in the middle are mesomorphs. That's not to say someone who is genetically an ectomorph can't become obese or that an endomorph is doomed to be a 300 lb blob, just that some people are more genetically inclined to gain or lose weight than others.
About 10 years ago I remember hearing that Arnold Schwarzenegger was technically obese based on the BMI scale. Muscle is denser and heavier than fat, so being extremely muscular can lead to being designated obese by the BMI. This is why a lot of people I've talked to on the subject agree that the BMI scale is garbage. It takes any variation in weight and assumes it must be a result of having a differing quantity of body fat. It has no way of separating factors like bone density or muscle mass.
When you said you were talking to the dishwasher I thought you meant the appliance. I was very confused XD
NASCAR will be very awkward when all cars are self-driving...
Yeah, like act as a getaway driver when you're trying to get away from the cops.
Petting a cat. Bad kitty, down! D:
Even cold arctic waters aren't safe from sharks. Allow me to introduce you to the [sleeper shark](http://6336-presscdn-26-82.pagely.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/greenland-shark.jpg) or the Greenland shark, as it's also known. Their jaw is unlike any other shark, with pointed top teeth and slanted bottom teeth. They use the top teeth to anchor into the prey's flesh, then use the slanted lower teeth to shear open the prey's hide like a can opener. Because they're slow and blind they were long thought to be strictly scavengers, but in recent years they've been found hunting live seals.
According to Investigation Discovery, female-on-male domestic violence is just as common as male-on-female domestic violence. People don't realize this because men don't report it as often because their pride prevents them and because law enforcement often doesn't believe the men who do report it because "there's no way a woman would do that."
And some fraction of a moob.
Don't we also share like 70% of our DNA with mosquitoes? And over 60% with bananas? From what I've heard most if not all lifeforms on earth share over half of their DNA with every other species. That may have been an exaggeration though; I don't remember where I heard it.
On top of that, a vast majority of vertebrates share the common blueprint of having 2 front limbs and 2 hind limbs, whether they're legs, arms, or wings. The main exceptions I can think of are marine animals and snakes. Even then a lot of them (not fish) will have vestigial bones from ancestors who had 4 limbs.
How can you tell? 2048 hasn't happened yet :P
Oh, wasn't  aware of that one.
Quoth the raven, "Nevermore."
Technically he's not from Private Drive, he's from Godrick's Hollow (may have misspelled that, but meh). He was just raised at Private Drive.
A lethal dose of table salt can fit inside of a single salt shaker. Kinda spoils the fun of the old "loosen the cap in a fast food place" prank when you know the results are potentially fatal...
Disney did, it's called "Flash, the Teenage Otter"
Their main merchandise would be the Tickle-Me Emo.
