Just like any fed duelist / assassin.
50 wins XP boosts OR x days XP boosts if you plan on not going outside.
Check your email. Post what's in your email
How can you be real if our eyes are not real?
How can you be real if Jesus is not real? #JadenSmithTweets
Taric's new best friend.  WOT IS THIS M8???
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEJ566EnNgM
Katarina Riven Vayne Shaco Blitz
because you had your fb account linked to your LoL account
Gnar? His W will do % hp damage (in case cho stacks 6) and  he will probably survive cho's combo. Also, his mobility (e) will allow him to dodge cho's Q I guess.  Edit: Made the post clear.
All in and no way back support?  Annie?
more like Braum :)
Modify? Do you know what bug smash is? Code modyfing.  But adding an extra feature requires extra coding, coding which can break other things, not re-writing the whole thing, but wring new code lines for sure.   Lets take this example, is there a code line that calculates the needed mana for a skill? Yes, there is (the one that makes your skill unavailable when you don't have enough mana). Is there a code line that calculates and displays in how much time will a specific skill be available if the cost is X , the current mana is Y and the mana regen per second is Z? I dont know. If there isn't, that's the part that needs to be written/added to the existing code. That will require extra QA testing, extra bug fixes, HQ approval for the final product. The time is a problem, HQ approval is a problem and if one of them is not right, the feature will not be added.   But please tell me how easy is to add this feature and get it ready for live in 4 weeks.
On a serious note, do you know how much time you (as a company) need to create a champion? 2-3-4-5-12-24 months, depending on how complex the champion is. 6 a year is actually good.
Are these mobas as late in development as LoL? Please provide some evidence that other mobas release way more than 6 a year.  Also, in year 1, Riot had all these champions as "work in progress" since 2006 (when riot was founded). LoL was released in 2008-2009.
Because it needs counterplay? How do you counter yasuo ult?
Use flash on Annie only if its followed by the summon of Tibbers.
http://www.reddit.com/r/BestOfBronze
Wait until you see Ekko in the LCS.
Ekko is banned almost every game in low elo.
Disable range indicator?
Options &gt; scroll down until the end &gt; uncheck range indicator.  It's in the interface section if I'm not wrong.
Fireworks, yay!
So your team can hard carry you or why? I dont get it. o.o
The selected AFK remains in game, dancing, or spamming ctrl 6. He will be blocked by gates and his summoner spells will be disabled tho.  Just an idea. :P
Isn't that duck randomly spawned ?
Check the patch notes. They said they tweaked the text a bit.
I want a Windows chat client that connects to League chat  automatically, after I input my credentials once. I'd like it to allow me to see who is online, in-game etc without having to open the LoL Client.
Fragmentation maybe? Every new patch re-writes the files of the old one on your hard disk, which means that there could be some high fragmentation.   Defrag your hard disk, it should get better afterwards. (I recommend SmartDefrag or something similar, not the default windows defrag)  Edit: This is not a 100% working solution, just one that might actually work.
Apple$oft
Nidalee?
&gt; Game modes that they wont even bring back despite the cries of the community   Which one? URF?
You can make a page for every champion. Or.. what do you mean?
What if I tell you it's a visual bug and it doesn't really stop?  But yeah, OH NO ITS 0KB/S! Better restart it, that will fix it. /s
Q has some sort of cast range, and e, well, its the leash range of your soldiers I guess.  I might be wrong, please correct me if i am.
Go to your taskbar, click the volume button, adjust it.  You're welcome.
bye. dont let the door hit you.
OMG you're a true detective.  Teach me master.
+++  I'm annoyed by these people.
Almost, the 0.5% of League playerbase which is on reddit will help them do that. /s
Good bye.
this is not /r/dota2
Another dota post.
&gt;  You can only switch to dota and enjoy it  Nothing related to the dota bs we're seeing on reddit, right?
That's romanian music. Lolololol
We gud bruh.
Volvo  omg. i'm done
[Akcent - My passion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay_fw54W2Fg)
The first one that reconnects unpauses the game. All of you got disconnected.
There's one made by Vice. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of1k5AwiNxI
