I just finished watching it for the first time, holy shit, tell me he won something for that role.
Ya see?  what did I tell you!  :)
What's with those tracks at the bottom there?
Jesus Christ
Andy, our commutes are in your hands and you have butter fingers???
Go to Times Square and report back. They're everywhere.
What? They were Ford...
That's not the issue. It was just too blatantly obvious they wanted advertisement.
Complain about what, exactly?
so what's your proposal then?
Yes, but make sure you have a transfer. Also, it doesn't work in the opposite way.  Can I ask why you'd want to? It just seems like a bit of a hassle,  unless you just want to avoid the crowd of the 196 ...
This is what happens when cousin Attila comes on holiday.
I'm not sure I follow ...
Is it just me or is his front tire flat as well?
Oh don't worry, plenty of rapey rape and shenanigans going on with voice+text plans too
Not sure if you're kidding..
Wow, what a colossal cocksucker you are
God damn tarantula shit hawks
Story?
8 year olds dude..
46
Well there you have it
OMGOMGOMGOMG
$3.50
There is a difference between projector headlamps and HID. Projectors are just regular halogen headlights that use a projector housing similar to HID projector beams, in that you get the same "cut off" and a more defined "cleaner" lighting area.  HIDs refer to the bulbs themselves which ignite xenon gas to produce a bright blueish white light, but the bulbs are also in a projector housing in order to not blind oncoming drivers and for the ability to swivel around corners and be able to automatically adjust (though these features may not be available on all cars).
What area is this?
poor cock sucker*
It's an SLK but no an AMG model, nor is it the generation you're thinking of. This one is the 2004-2007, most likely with a turbo four cylinder...I doubt it's the V6
No...looks like a regular C Class ..maybe with an AMG kit
I thought it was CN Rail?
Haha don't worry of course they will..
*No talking!!!*
*Boy just who do ya think you're talking to.*
There's no way. 1% of the global population is about 70,000,000. A recent study stated that about half of Americans make less than 30k a year, and with the population of the US being ~320 million, you're already over the one percent of the global population making more than $30k, and that's the US alone. In any case I'm sure it's not a large number, but it's definitely larger than 1%.
And most likely completely faded/deteriorated by now
"75k beamer"
I mean, how is one supposed to know if their home is at risk of exploding?
*And then there was Lac Megantic*
Oh yes you can, which is why you see it happening so much nowadays. The FAA currently does not keep track of where airlines send their planes, only that the work is supervised by an FAA certified mechanic, and then the entire plane is cleared by an FAA mechanic and airline inspectors.  Because there are upwards of 700 repair hangers throughout the world and the FAA is severely underfunded, they simply don't have the ability to be able to supervise them all and ensure everything is done up to par. This leaves it all up to the airline who unfortunately as we all know does everything by the lowest bid. Such is life. But then again, a plane crash is in nobody's best interest at all.  Source: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=113877784
Not enough "suka blyaaaaaaat!!!!"
Not to be that guy but that's a double negative
I can't help but think there must be some process of elimination that can be used here to find the driver.   You have a fairly specific model year and colour. Start by visiting any drivers who have had priors, especially driving drunk. See the condition of their vehicle. The Mercedes GL is common but it's no Civic or Corolla, especially considering it's an older model.  It was also on the Gardiner. Maybe, just maybe the driver fled because they knew they were close enough to home to hide the car...  I don't know but it seems better than appealing for the driver to turn themselves in.
I can't help but notice the "Exit" signs. I swear we passed a law a while ago mandating that any new/existing Exit signs be changed to the green running man to be more on par with what's around the world.  Why is the TTC an exception?
The interior is exactly the same..
Boeing...and freedom!
Okay, have any proof?
They "forbid" interior shots unfortunately
Article kind of got a little off track (harhar) towards the end there...  York has been in operation over 50 years, I don't think lack of transportation access was ever a HUGE issue or denied anyone education. It's actually quite easy to get to from Mississauga, Richmond Hill, Brampton, hell even Barrie.   If anything, the great economic disparities between the school and surrounding area should merit more discussion.
I thought you weren't allowed to do that at Yorkdale?
That "peace" sign would fly very differently in the U.K. lol
