&gt; Eve Online was a very different experience, and could have evolved into much more than "Spreadsheets in space" had CCP made tough choices back when their universe was young.   To be honest, this is very much overrated. Unless you're doing manufacturing/industry stuff, you really don't need to touch a spread sheet.  As far as min/maxing loadouts goes EFT/Pyfa and other tools takes care of this in a more user friendly manner.  Also, we already have spreadsheets for Star Citizen :P
Just noticed your flair... How did you become a Alpha tester for Ara?
So much bezel.
Hah lol! That makes a lot more sense.
If that PCs still on 7 and is bootable, you can recover the key using something like Magical Jelly Bean.
The AMD 3xx should be out in a few weeks. So obviously, wait.
&gt;  They should include the new stacked memory (which AMD is implementing in some of the 300s) and a die shrink. Late 2015/early 2016 will be where it's at.  It would depend on if nVidia can get the volumes they need. Right now, AMD has bit of an upper hand as far as partnerships goes since they've been working with Hynix for a few years and AMD expect a full year or so of competitive advantage with HBM.
Play it as more of a support ship and help out your teams BBs with added firepower, killing DDs and providing AA cover. Also, modules make a pretty noticeable difference.
WinZip and 7zip can use at least AES 128. Both have supported this since ~2004. Not sure which one WinZip use by default though.
It's a joke... And also pointing out that their ultrabooks have more than 1 USB port.
&gt; This makes putting it in the devices make even more sense.   It's additional cost in most cases. However, boost converters are used in say things like fitness trackers (ie. FitBit) already to improve endurance as the MCU + sensors don't need a lot of power.  &gt;If it's not going to work in every scenario, why pretend it will with this thing.  Apart from the article, most people in this thread has pointed out why it's not very cost efficient and has limited application.
Dude... you're the Ancient One :P
Man, the Aurora is tiny :P
No no, honey pot in in the sense that it keeps those people off here for the most part.
2 weeks ^tm
Probably don't have the manufacturing volume to satisfy all three models with Exynos SoCs.
Damn lego, you're fast.  &gt;The problem could be even worse for Hurston, if rumors of them developing a new line of antimatter-based weapons are true.  Not the first time we've hard about this... wonder if we'll be able to get/steal them down the road.
Thunderbolt is an Intel standard that only Apple has adopted so far. Hopefully, this will become a more mainstream standard for when you need higher bandwidth than USB 3.1.
You do realize VirtualBox and a few others on the list are Oracle projects? I have no issues with Oracle taking down *their own projects* from SF esp. if they are infected.
Are you talking about car chargers or regular chargers?
Well... this was an unexpected post.
&gt; Anything I can set in the BIOS to prevent this? Or some keywords I can get for Google as I can't seem to find a solution.  Not really. This is done on almost all boards now. This is done so that the motherboard can figure out the max rpm of the fan so that the PWM values can be adjusted properly.
&gt; Probably had a hidden account or something  Don't even need a hidden account, a test/dev account with the right permissions can easily be overlooked especially if said dev/test account is a department shared (yes... I know) account.
The charge current is completely dependent on how much capacity you have left and battery size. It has little to do with the charger as long as the charger can provide 1C or slightly more.
Psh. Amateur. . :P Just set up IFTTT or some other page monitor tool to alert on new posts on the RSI RSS.
S6. Some random blog said their Samsung source said "S6 sales less than expected" and most blogs re ran it.
Yup!
Just look at /r/runescape and /r/2007scape. There's still a sizable chunk of people playing this surprisingly.
Xiaomi has a pretty sizable presence in the Asian/Southeast Asian markets. Also remember there's a TON of other Chinese brands and OEMs they are competing against.
It's fully waterproof.
99 little bugs in the code,    99 little bugs in the code,    fix one bug, compile it again,    101 little bugs in the code.    101 little bugs in the code.....    (Repeat until no more bugs)
The ship interior was all out of whack as in not enough cargo space, too small holding cells in the Blue, too short ceilings, etc.
Sooo something like [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_monitor_Novgorod)? :P
They are working on it judging by the revamped model present in the leak.
Hamill has worked with Chris on Wing Commander III so it's possible he's going it cheap.
Display accuracy is part of judging display quality.
No logic analyzer or o-scope at hand?
So THAT'S what you all bought at Toys R Us
Well, fire suppression in this case may be venting to space so yeah.
Actually, not true. The Aurora Anniversary Package was $20, so you can consider that to be a "sale" over the regular price.
James...?
Now that you mentioned it, that makes a lot of sense and rather clever way to do that.
The prices went up at each stage just like CIG said (Concept -&gt; Hangar -&gt; Flyable). For the flyable ships this no longer matters and the prices will more or less be static unless they change pricing due to VAT/exchange rates in certain regions. Unless you're getting a unflyable ship right now, the pricing is already set and can only go lower during say a sale. They aren't going to increase it unless they bundle Alpha access on to the package.
&gt; Feel free to link your time-travel sources  Look at the price of the Gladius. Has it increased after it became flyable despite having 2-3 sales after it getting in AC?
Woah, really?  edit:  Just looked online, looks like you're right. $350 seems to be fore the dev kit. You can get the module for cheap as $200 if salvaged from a FLIR One. Not bad at all.
Sooo... you want mind reading?
Heh yeah. I'm guessing quite a bunch of people on this sub play KSP and FTL.
Cool, now how about Windows 8 and 10? :-P:-P:-P
Right, but Intel owns x86 so no ARM licencing costs here, as for R&amp;D costs, this will be a big factor. But R&amp;D for the most part, is a sunk cost considering they have spent this on the desktop/server side esp. to get performance/Watt up for the last decade or so.
There's some significant cross sharing between these two. Yes, they are different, but the expertise and R&amp;D spent on the desktop/server space apply to Mobile SoCs as well.
