"pound for pound" sounds like price bracket (as in british pounds), the scythe was up in the connie/vangaurd/irredeemable price bracket, and shouldn't be on their level.   or its weak because it can't equip gimballed guns which are OP as fuck.  8 missile hardpoints, 2 size 5 guns, and all that maneuvering thrust is very powerful for a fighter, remembering when the M50 was very competitive (and possibly OP) way back when, speed is effectively armor
Hell, The P51D that the mosquito sees can out run it while also carrying double the bomb weight  Also lame, the 57mm version can't pop full pillboxes.
'sledge commander' was a terrible example because it made fixed weapons complete downgrade, as the sledge is small enough to gimball on most mounts.  it did mean that any input device had a chance if they get the jump on the opponent however.  And that diminishing concept is simply incorrect as it ignores that a mouser can 'improve aim' as its purely the user getting used to their target's movement.The likes of darkstar one, X3 are proof enough that a longer TTK with freelancer-style mouse aim of gimballs means that even if the game technically supports a joystick, the gameplay itself becomes simply frustrating.     ED does show that a long TTK isn't bad thing on its own, but that game is entirely saved by the fact that they don't have a mouselancer mode and they restrict movement in ways conducive to better gameplay, so that one can predict their target's movements
Wouldn't it be more efficient to make a space station that we can freely enter and exit?  Inside and out combat tested together using an asset that would be useful in PU.  I mean, the gold horizon station surely IS a prototype for a station in PU, surely?   On a related note, the concept of SATAball sounds like I'd be competitive if it were between teams of 4, the 32 players seem very inappropriate here.  Test larger player counts with battle for a space station
but don't worry, another CONCEPT SALE next week!   Priorities.
except the avenger was supposed to be able to go fast, just not handle as well as the 300 series.
And in both cases, rest of the world will be  'Really America, still using slaves?'
everything else around it has grown a few sizes, leaving the avenger relatively tiny
If we had a better idea what the scale of a star system is with regards to 'in game  travel time' and how it relates to fuel capacity (we see carrier based ships with jump drives...that would imply pretty long range if you can go between star systems) it'd be easier to visualize the use of this kind of ship.  Maybe it's for cruises through a system's various senic points of interest, a close fly by of the star, a weird moon, skimming a planet's ring and then after the ingame weekend it goes into port again for new passengers.  I have been under the impression that star systems in SC are intended to be rather dense, with a couple dozen points of interest and landing zones.  That one could spend most of their time happily doing a variety of stuff in one system.
Thing is, arena commander was delayed from December 2013 to mid 2014 mainly so they could rewrite netcode and 'expand the scope'  It's not a new issue for CIG and one they should of seen coming a year away.
&gt;still not revealing the avenger ariants other than 'warlock'  FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU  For a ship that's been reduced from the SQ42 trainer to CIG knows what, it could use just POSTING WHAT THE PLAN IS beyond 'modular'  Even something as basic as &gt;  * warlock - does Ewar stuff  * ranger - high speed, big center mount fixed gun.  No cargo space as result  * paladin - up-armored with jump seats for boarding parties
I can count 3 directions really, over to the base across the field, to the echo base entrance and trenches, or focus on the shield generator.  But DICE doesn't do maps without chokepoints anymore, so it might as well
Problem is real eyes automatically compensate for your movement, so you can read stuff while walking.  In a game, any noticeable head Bob will shift your view, causing some degree of motion blur you wouldn't get IRL.  Real life natural systems (and real life microcontrollers used for fly-by-wire) often act and react faster than cryengine could ever hope to put out a frame, so simulating them is not going to work very well.  I and probably SQB might agree that what's needed is to 'fake' (or emulate) the results of such systems with some detail sacrificed
Months ago it was just 'network and animations'  Today it is " network rewrite, and animations".   They simply grossly underestimated how much time it would take, and its quite possible that the *perfect* animations wanted for FPS are impossible.
I heard in recent 10FTP that flight model is sufficiently representative of what they want.  And the best hope for revisions to it, Travis, is gone.  There is potential to change, but the likelihood has been diminishing, especially with SQ42 still slated for the end of this year, SURELY FLIGHT MODEL should be finalized.
I reckon it is.  The USSR player can fill up with T-34's, which at that tier have great firepower, good protection and mobility.  Other nations can't have all of that in the same package, the PzIV and marder are fragile, the STUG has no turret making it awful in urban areas (aka many objectives).
We already know shields in SC are going to do things like hold in atmosphere (CIG's response to why the cutlass has no airlock, as reference) so protecting from radiation is definitely going to be handwaved in a similar manner.
That's guns. Components run on small/medium/large/capital for sizes now
well his last scene in the cartoon has Mace Windu crippling him with a torso crush, which creates the cough
Luke lost only a hand  Anakin lost more of his arm
Could be a generic slave's surname, and could be he fact that Anakin had no intention to return to tatoonie after his mum died
Chaos moshpit in bonus section is populated &amp; gives some variety
&gt; 7.0   &gt;Brits  Not possible, 8.0 it is!
&gt; That's because there wasn't anything to show off, they were just modules for the base model released seperately because the tech doesn't yet support applying a module to a ship. (Or rather, supports it, but is not yet implemented).  The modules were just a man-fridge delete and a gimmicky EMP.  "The variants are a stripped down cargo carrier, the one you already have, and the warlock has an EMP machine in the hold"  That's all they had, that's pretty much all the have now, and was communicable in a sentence.  As for JP's, they do have some good stuff every so often, those and the design posts are the best content I see from CIG, but they feel infrequent compared to 10 for the X/AtV/RtV
Mixture varies with altitude, I find maxing it on the deck usually helps down there, and turn it down gradually with altitude, depending on plane.  What mixture is good varies a lot with plane, if it's automated by the plane, best to leave it.  If you go into test flight with your desired plane, and bring up that thing that tells you detailed telementry, then you could adjust mixture gradually to see what setting gives best power at altitudes  Prop Pitch is something you generally want to be turned up to 100, but turning it up too fast can over-rev and kill engine. Best to leave automatic.   My Best use of MEC is simply to manually control the radiator, set it full close (0%) when going quick and when cool for that reduced drag. great for keeping every knot of speed in BnZ
With the way QD is working, Camping the jump-points seems like the only way for players to interdict each other.  But hey, maybe they'll rethink their crappy linear-only QD given the procedural planets with free flight potential are a thing now
And after that the actress had a new character to play in a few more episodes
many ships can strafe as fast as they go forward though
2015 Meek is bodied by a singing nigga  2016 BoB is bodied by a sciencing nigga
&gt; It would just be a high resolution shadow map overlaid on the texture,   How would that be different from AO?
There are several instances over time of ships' accelerations being greater laterally than they are forward
As far as 8.0 planes go, horten is above average, *some* having use as ground attacker and a comparative advantage in its turning.  Most 8.0's can only bait or hope an enemy stalls in front of them
Its something when other 8.0's have nothing on the sabers&amp;MiG15/17&amp;hunters  Its not a super advantage, but it is **one**
With how often I see a saber crash on takeoff on maps like Hokkaido (how?) I guess I see why the stats would be that way.
&gt;  be that only the US and Britain have true super-props in that class  Hokkaido, the superprop arena!  Also, there is room for superprops especially in great britain which has *nothing* between 6.3 and 8.0 (maybe the premium wyvern will get sentanced to 6.7)
That's where Her Majesty's Finest airmen try to defend the earth from alien invaders!
He's trying to do twin linked but fixed, so the S2 uses just a twin link modifier, 2xS1.
They've partially fixed that now with daily&amp;weekly bounty missions and intel gathering
Long before, a racecar's lateral loads are usually in the 3-4g range, at their peak   Sustaining even 1g takes a high performance vehicle and great tires.  I suspect its more that the way the G effect system is percieving G force is bugged.  A 6g turn in a car would be insane
I "use cover" but rarely use the cover system now.  Usually in PvE its best to be standing behind a corver and peak around it and shoot' because they don't quite "see" you while shoulder camera sees them.  Meanwhile taking cover they see and hit you nearly instantly when you peak to shoot.
Basicially until they tweaked missles
&gt; where you can also FPS  If you complete *The Ritual* (illegal in 7 of the G20 countries) and blood sacrifices needed to get any hit registration.  No SM has let CIG avoid significant netcode related scrutiny for a while.
hey, you didn't ask for a *good* special bonus!  that costs extra
For now its a % based damage reduction.  A ship may have 40% armor while another has 10% armor is the current system.  In the future they'll use a function of projectile (hopefully impact) speed and mass to make an armor penetration value which if greater than the section's armor value will allow a hit to do full damage.  A non-penetration hits' effect isn't confirmed, likely just a damage reduction (maybe twice that of current DR-like system).  The current system does approximate the future systems' intended effect in most cases.
I'd go for all the weapon (attachment) variant bribes, because that's what I want most out of SD's after the ranged weapons.
&gt; lights out for Cabal in the system  That was a small scout group.
Do that wrong and you give it a spread that makes killing something *easier*
However it has to calculate a bunch of pirate ships doing their thing, each of their IFCS systems, many of them having their own physics grids (300 series for example) and the various grids in the universe.
#FREEDOM
Hornet-A with its special features and more modern aesthetic
