Because people want to complain about graphics like it's not expensive  to do, and they want a "Next Gen" game.
It's a CRPG... not really an RPG. These games are usually designed where your character creation choices won't matter.  But... I am curious. Why would you think that you'd be treated special for a Death Godlike Monk? It is still a Kith, which means that it's one of the known races that are human. And hell... the entire game is set in a time of magic, soul stealing storms, has it's own dragon graveyard, elves, and where everyone knows the term "Fifty Shades of Hell". Not because of a book. But because any type of shadow in a large group is just a party murderer.  You would think that they would just shrug if they see a Baalgur demon fighting four adventurers in their fountain butt naked... much less of concern a Death Godlike.  [Even this is a common sight to peasants](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/bd/21/86/bd218611ffa5687dc784325e7af68d43.jpg)  [and this more so...](http://i.imgur.com/DDqayEs.gif)
Don't forget living skeletons and Kobol-I mean Xauntrips.
Getting past the DR can go a long ways... I think the dragons have low resistance to Piercing (Drakes did anyways... and there's hardly a difference between the two). So getting pikes, spears, and stilettos may help you a lot. Don't bother with rifles. But pistols, crossbows (both with reload perks), and bows can also help.  Blunderbuss works great if you can put down raw damage. Other wise arcabus.  But this game can actually be incredibly unfair in certain fights. And so far... there's only two fights I know of in this game where there is an alternative way to handle it. Certain people who found that cheesing it one way will not work for everyone.  Stock up on Endurance Potions, and Endurance Regeneration potions. use Endurance regeneration potions when the dragon begins to focus on one of your characters. Use Endurance Potions when your HP is low. And use them EARLY. Don't use it at the last second.  It might not look it, but the passive auras really stack up as you add them on, and they are pretty much always active. There's not a lot of spells that I know of for the wizard that will do any good against a dragon. I found that bosses stats are usually high enough where you run the risk of missing a hard CC pretty often.  Some fights are literally just a DPS race.  One thing that I learned in the first ten minutes of the game, is that compared to DnD, this game's weapon system is pretty damned tactical. Smaller and simpler weapons deal more damage over time than larger weapons. But larger weapons deal more damage over time to heavily armored opponents. So... if you got a rogue with dual daggers.... you'll want to see if he can backstab with a Pike, or better yet, get in close with the Arcabus, or the wheeled Crossbow. The higher damage will punch past the DR. And the 2m Backstab range will give you +150% damage.   If you still have that stronghold's wand, and you got it pretty leveled, it's pretty damn good at saving your ass. The domination spell will affect just about anything. But it runs down pretty quickly. If you see it proc, use that moment of respite to position yourself and get some spells or traps set up.  Positioning also means a lot too...
You can get away with average might. The way it works is that every point above 10 gets +3% damage AND healing modifiers. Every point below 10 reduces it by -3%. A high might will help tremendously, and mostly with the larger weapons where the difference can be seen a bit better.  If you choose to go low might, it'll probably help to keep a weapon with more throughput and DR reduction. But it wouldn't stop you from using war hammers for trying to punch through shit with absurd DRs.  A High Intellect is a bit over kill on a paladin unfortunately. Intellect affects Magic AOEs. However, because a pally is most likely to stay near it's allies, it does not need to be all that high.  Perception is ALWAYS helpful. High Accuracy can potentially offset low damage.  But for how low might can go... I'd say that I wouldn't drop any lower than -9% which is a might of 7.  You'll need to play against the enemies DRs though. It's a shame this game doesn't take into concideration the murder stroke with swords.... or the fact that a Dagger is good for both slashing and piercing.
It's not anti-tank. A tank's job is usually to wall off, CC, debuff, and buff. People seem to miss that point a lot. Though I can see why when a lot of "scrublords" play tanks in games like LoL, Heroes of the Storm, and DOTA 2. If a tank aint annoying, then just ignore them says every experienced PvP/PvE player.  I've actually gotten better with dealing with a mess of spooks. I just start having my wizard light my own team on fire. Does it knock out my own team!? You bet. Does it kill the spooks? You bet. Is my entire team equiped with fire weapons just for this reason? YOU BET!  But the rogue always gets out alive. If it's not for relfex, it's because rogues do it from behind.
That's not the only thing :P  The Sanitarium's patients, the ones who attacked you, have freakin daggers. FRICKEN DAGGERS. It's one thing if they killed the guards, then rushed you... it's another that the moment they get out of the cells right in front of you, they got daggers.
Well.... I guess the monk gave him an enlightening experience.
You can cheap out on the models to increase performance. Meaning that the backs do not need polies. This might not seem like much but it adds up.  When you do a 3d platformer do not have a boring camera. This will make or break you. Take a look at Mario 3D, and little big planet. The camera changes for the levels need.
Not quite. Screen Space is the space of the image's area. This means that if your screen resolution is 500, by 500, that means your minima is (0,0) and maxima is (500,500).  If your resolution is only 1920, 1080... and you draw a square at 500, 500 in screen space it will appear at 500, 500. If you do this in world, then you'd have to draw in view space for that kind of accuracy. Usually, what most games will do for that level of accuracy is that they will use a second camera to render the UI in orthographic projection to not deal with the complexities.  Local space, is the coordinate axial space in relations to the Object in question, not exactly the camera's view direction. Example, your right vs my right.   View space removes the negative numbers from depth. Zero starts at the position of the eye, and 1 goes all the way out to it's far clipping plane. The view space coordinates are best described as 2D with depth. Because you technically do not have three axis of rotation anymore.
I'm not overcomplicating anything yet because I explicitly stated data structure. Not file loading. As in how the game can adjust preexisting save files to store more data for things that already exists. Think of how Bethesda's save file works for mods. Not the actual plugin. But the players gamesave.  Loading and overwriting files in memory is not the hard part.
Ah... there's your problem. You have a CAD card, which is primarily optimized for handling OpenGL, and more specifically in wire frame in the past. Not so sure about now. Though Nvidia's ScinX seems to show otherwise. It can handle DirectX but not as well as a dedicated gaming GPU.  You might need to look at some of the nvidia's API's to see if there's a way to enhance it's performance. There's also the problem that DirectX 11 is not natively supported on the hardware, which resorts to the software emulation. Compiling it down to 10, or 10.X may help you.  A side note, don't be too discouraged if frame rates are not high on that thing. The professional GPUs can do some things far better than a normal GPU. Which makes them great for use in Autodesk's tools.
Issue remains the same buddy. Already thought about it WELL ahead of time. It's not a file format that's the problem. It's dynamically ADJUSTING the game data at run time when it's in the memory.
Light propagation volume.
There is a bias against engineering notebooks and SDDs? ;-;
Looking at a few test cases... It's actually efficient even when you use the same number of threads. It also appears that it's pretty damn good about memory usage.
Cool... Where is source 2.
Take a look at the compression algorithms when you can. As long as you choose your colors carefully, the art program you're using can do a damned good job at compressing things without destroying quality.
I don't plan on allocating the arrays till they are needed. I was going to implement it like a chained hash table to resolve collision conflicts. The pointers would remain unallocated until populated. So each bucket would only have an overhead of 4 bytes on a 32bit or 8 bytes on a 64bit.  Larger objects run into a problem where they will be located in multiple hash spaces. There is also the corner and edge case.  Though the biggest problem I can see here comes from constant allocating and deallocating. I could use a special allocator to solve the speed problem though.
There isn't a tutorial or anything like that when it comes to a large majority of these topics. Usually the programmer will need to make some serious use of their problem solving skills to design this.  The easiest way to do this is to plan ahead of time, and design how the documents all come together
Actually, it seems that other hash implementations seems to rely on the use of the chain style should an insertion happen with an already used bucket and the performance of insertion and retrival is fine.  So... what if I ask a different question on the matter. What if I used a sparse approach? Allocate only what I need when I need it.  Mind you that there will be an allocated space of memory to speed up it's allocations. But buckets are only created when they are needed. They are allocated to a dynamically sizing pool array, and will get reused.      class SpatialHashBucket {         private:         int ID;         int Grid_Stored_Ids;         int *Grid_ID_Index; //Populated after the insertion phase, stores an index to other grids.         int *buffer         public:         ...     }  And each bucket simply stores a few extra bits of data. The implementation is BigO(N) all around, but I have been proven that being incredibly fast still, and still faster than bouncing around on too many pointers. With all allocations happening on a buffer of pre-slotted memory the framerates won't dip too much.  I can always try to use another map library... but I don't know any beyond STL that allows for multiple items to have the same collision. Nor do I know any that allows a custom hash function.
Sword of Mana. You didn't have the ability to block or dodge, so if you went full on aggressive you were gonna have a bad time in that RPG. You also needed to understand how all the weapons worked, and which ones you need to use in order to succeed.  Realm of the Mad King, a rogue like where lasting for long is a chore.
Literally the entire time
You're probably using it as if it was something like SFML, which it is not.  On it's own, BGFX is just an abstraction layer among a crap load of different APIs, and it has a very similar API to all of them. If you want to use it efficiently, it helps to know how to work with OpenGL and Directx before you start using BGFX.
You're really confusing me on that second paragraph. Could you explain this a bit?  But the game is a Top down RPG, akin to Fallout 1 and 2, and Wasteland 2. Where roaming the world is basically point and click, and combat happens on a tiled grid.
Made an Edit to the OP.
Interesting, definitely will keep that in mind.
There will be some real time movement, but not of a hundred characters with influence over the map. Combat happens only in RPG style.
Actually, I just now thought about this.  I don't need actually need to use volume textures. I just need to send information to the GPU about sections of the enviorment viewed from the that needs to be covered in a quake fog.  If the pixels keep track of their world spaces, then the GPU can just render the fog as a post procesing effect based on the Z-buffer. Or base it on a crude version of exponential height, or raymarching.  The problem would be that if we take the stupid route and send every cube in the screen, that'd leave the GPU with a crap ton of boxes to check against per pixel. It'd mean that I'd need to do one of two things.  Run some sort of acceleration structure, that'd combine large sections of cubes together for their effects. It'd fall apart if the player some how finds away to some how mix a bunch of uncovered and covered tiles together.  Or have the CPU combine as many blocks together into either cubes or rectangular prism that are as large as possible... but this is NP hard in 3d space.  The other, and possibly simpler option is to simply test against chunks. Which is what my tiled world is built of. 16x16xN chunks. If the dimensions are known, then we can just throw away a lot of tests by simply testing the verticies twice in a broad search. First to see if it's in  chunk with fog of war. Then to see if it's in a division of the chunk. Then to coarse check it.
Alright, for all those who were looking for a solution to this problem. I think I have it figured out now. And it was a lot simpler than I thought. In fact... I think I might just go turn in my programmer card after this.  We will start with a single floor for now.  Assuming that you have a 3D world, you will actually only need a 2D Fog of War texture map. This map will be projected downwards from the Y coordinates of the world.  The result is a really misshaped looking fog of war texture that overlaps your geometry. This is good... because this is where the second phase comes into play.  The second part to XCOM's fog of war looks like a standard exponential height fog. It's just really thick. But the effect is powerful enough to obscure, while at the same time providing vague hints for whats ahead of you.  The way that the height fog works is that it grabs the world space Y coordinate of each pixel, to draw it's fog. This is find and dandy, and really doesn't need any modifications.  The magic comes from using this projected fog of war texture as a stencil. And this will actually stop the fog from rendering in any visible areas. There will be some graphical errors of course, as it's a screen space shader, not a volume. But it's more of a feature than an error for CRPGs.  To handle multiple floors. It's a matter of using smaller textures, limiting all relieving projected objects, and compositing it to the stencil layer.   I hope this helps!
It's the entire game actually, but that same mechanic also balances its self out, as eveything has a consequence.  Right now, most walls and doors can be destroyed. But if you go about destroying any wall, you could risk a cave in,or the law.
Seeing as the answer is already said by someone else... if you are trying to ship your GLSL shaders, but want to save space try compiling into SPIR-V if the version of OpenGL you are using supports it.  It's an intermediate format, and it's a little stricter on compilation. Some language features aren't supported like subroutines. But it shouldn't be a hindrance.
It's more useful if Directx had SPIR-V support. But a lost benefit of it is that it's an intermediate language. Which means that you could create your own shader language to support two different APIs.  Anyways, that saved space becomes greater when you're doing more than a couple dozen shaders. If you're doing a large game, it's not uncommon to have over 300 shaders.
Yuuup. Creating and destroying buffers for every object to render. Some small adjustment was already a massive improvement.
The term you want to look up is called linear interpolation for moving a sprite across the boundry of tiles without em teleporting. And if you want that smooth fade in and out effect on the blinking cursor, that's your best bet.
MY MAN! That's what we needed :D  Though I am curious, how are you doing the WJPS anyways? Logically, the jump point algorithm should generate the same path as A*. What could be happening is that the heuristic the JPS is using is incorrect.
The problem is that unlike combat, dialogue is not chaotic. Dialogue is like a dance of symbols and meanings. For a meaning to actually be significant behind a symbol, it must have a context, and then a proper response must be made. And like a dance, a good chunk of it is predetermined.  If you walk up to a blacksmith, he'd look to you and say "What can I do for yah, stranger?"  You would not say to this man, "APPLES ARKENSAW JOHNY WHSHNAH" You'd probably get your head cut off for speaking in tongues.  You would say, like many people before you, "I'd like an iron dagger and a ten foot pole."
Thanks for the find, I feel like an idiot for pushing this to the side when I found it initially!  On a side note. Would it be reasonable to create the geometry per frame on the GPU. or would it be better to generate the geometry once on the CPU, and keep a buffer of it until the geometry changes for some reason.
Thanks
It'd be more extreme to write the entire interpreter from scratch. And you don't actually need to completely write an entire compiler from scratch.  You should technically be able to just simply write a lexer that will build an abstract syntax tree for you, and reuse the Mono compiler to build the bytecode. It should not be too hard as Action Script's design is actually similar enough to C#. Keep in mind that you're also taking advantage of years of code optimization built into the thing when you get your bytecode.  Also, I am not sure where you got the HTML thing... but sure, you could do that if you want.
FASTER THAN A SPEEDING BULLET TRAIN!
Use one big VBO buffer, and a custom allocator class to help you allocate and deallocate things to it.  THere's a huge cost to creating a buffer, and a cost to binding and unbinding buffers.  The fewer times you create, destroy, bind, and unbind buffers the better.
Just store a 1D array of your chunks. Let each chunk carry adjacency information. This adjacency matrix will be either an index to the array, or an ID to use to look up in the array.
Oh my god that took forever to spot.
How is that a mistake? That sounds like dwarf fortress brilliance.
When you make any game that uses tiles, does not matter if it's 3D or 2D. The VERY first thing people do is they initialize a 2D or a 3D array to represent EVERYTHING. That includes graphical tiles, logic, and also the world should it be an "open world" level.  What is generally stupid about this, is that a LOOOT of this data will normally be sparse in most scenarios. When people try to speed this up, they don't think about how much memory access, or members they need to tear about. Noooo... they want to try and make the access faster.  What I did instead for one of my more recent projects is that for a world that's supposed to be fairly large and using chunks. I don't initialize a 3D array map. I just use a normal 1D array with enough indexes to contain only the occupied portions of the map, and instead track the coordinates of each piece.  When it comes down to logical things... such as the navgrid, and navigation volumes for flying creatures. I actually use regions of defined rectangular prisms. And just reconstruct all of that stuff at runtime immediately when it's needed.  This was significantly faster and cheaper than storing 3D arrays in memory when most of it goes unused.
Did I misspell thief? O.o
I don't really use Unity. Is there a reason why this is impressive?  Could you provide a video or picture show casing the difference between the Unity vanilla shadows, and the Nvidia's PCSS?
When you say engine, do you actually mean a library?
Dark souls? You'd need something generational..... And you'd need to find some way to look at the game's data files...  So neural networking and a lot of hex editing buddy. Because Dark souls is one difficult bastard through and through.
