don't just rush head on into battle, hang near the back of the group and get an idea of how the game plays on the first match, second match unleash hell and rek everyone
Try soldier 76, he's a more generic run and gun character, but he also has healing abilities so he can be a great support.  When you play as a support character like that you'll be watching what the rest of the team is doing to work out who needs healing/where your fire power will be useful and that will help you to work out the best ways of playing as more complicated characters.  When you're on the attack side and the defense are all waiting outside your spawn when the start timer hits about 1 second drop your heal pool just outside the spawn door, this can help offset a bit of damage and make sure your team don't get raped in the opening seconds of the game.   Also once you gain control of a hill, drop the heal pool in the middle of it when the enemies push to recapture, this can help people survive a little longer.  When your team is pushing the car forwards drop a heal pool ontop of the car, that gives you a moving heal station while its active
inb4 he falls off the map
make sure that your TV is not set to overscan, if overscan is on thats probably whats causing the issue
you can select to show the killfeed in the options menu, for some reason its not on as standard
then they all go on a company retreat *con air themetune starts*
Activision threatened to behead Vondy because people where having fun earning cryptokeys rather than buying them so now they're taking them away.
One is for gaming, one is for typing out moany arguments about how the PC is better :P
No but they get all the DLC and stuff a month earlier than ps4
if you're using an elgato hd60 you have to buy one of their chat splitter things as a wrokaround because the PS4 can't give sound from both natively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJAzQCGMZL0&amp;t=20s
can't get into anything on moogle, even had a full party finder party and we were stuck
Yup, 10000% true. Switch and PC for me now and my PS4 is gathering dust.
He's decided to live his life as 2017 Maniac
They've got to be visible or people who come here illegally will think that immigration enforcement is just an empty threat.
eU proved that Rise could choke to burgers, they aren't unbeatable, if OpTic continue on their hot streak they shouldn't have a problem beating them
we had a good turn out today for raids, but on most days its getting to the point where just 3 people with 2 accounts each turn up to bash stuff, a special small group level reduction would probably be good
You can get an ingress account to level 8 within a day if you have higher levels feeding you gear and enough time, get a group together and share ingress levelling duties until you can submit your own stuff.
also, you may open ingress and find there are already portals active, you can click on it, screen shot it and then get your whole group to submit to niantic and ask for a transfer
Im just showing how little effort it takes once you hit 8 its clear sailing to 10
there have been more ghost nests around, best bet is to go out quick before the next event starts, duskull is a 1star raid boss
black ops remastered sign behind him..
KITTY
hope he wins i'll be wow ermmmmm mindblown!
RIP
scholar dps comes from all the dots so it can fill dps gaps while people handle mechanics. Scholar/White mage combo was essential all through heavensward.
a gold gym thats your colour with your pokemon defending will give up to 9/10 items per spin.   You get a bonus of up to 3 items for having a gold gym  a bonus of up to 3 items for being a defender in a gold gym  plus all the default items from spinning the stop
The raids that triggered the passes this time were both after 6:30pm, no one round here raids in the day time at all but every pass that goes out is always midday.
blame youtube content creators for that, since BO3 they basically just abandon cod games until a new weapon comes out when they can make loot box opening videos, which makes activision tonnes of money.
great bait
just open ingress and see whats around, if something is a portal in ingress but not a pokestop click on it, take a screenshot and submit it to niantic support, they may stick it into pogo for you
its so nice playing on the switch, especially coming from PC Fortnite which is an absolute sweatfest
yup, seems to be a theme to not announce during the main conference.  Activision casually dropped in their 'we're making black ops 3 free to download this month and it comes with a new free map pack' thing just in between adverts lol, hoping nintendo drops some more stuff.
lmao bet you're one of the guys who just stands out in the open messing with your inventory and maps lol
was it a sponsored stop? they've all been taken out now
official press releases from the company, thats it
Pokestops need to give out more everything. Even if i spin every stop i pass and catch nothing for like 2 days i still cant fill my bag up.   Capsules like we have in ingress would solve a lot of these issues. Farming gear would be a lot less annoying
nope you'll get 50, doesnt matter if you have 1 or 100 gyms the daily cap is still 50 coins
lmao he got manhandled! Security steve needs to chill
not really, Methodz clutched up all event they would have gone out way earlier without him
All our local spoofers just got promoted to royalty status with bags full of regionals. They were fully shunned from the groups and now everyones on their dicks
or just talk to local players and work together by shouting out in chats when you find one, which saves everyone time and balls
whatsapp groups, facebook groups, discord groups, silph road, reddit, seriously dude lol
just google wallmart kid, he's the peak of that music genre
spoofer yes, multi account people no. Also you friends listing someone with multiple accounts doesnt benefit them at all unless you send all the accounts gifts and stuff every day
to add to that: if you can link up with a high level ingress player you can hit level 8 in one hardcore day with them feeding you gear, its really not hard
The rules for pokemon go submissions would be exactly the same as the rules for submissions in ingress. The vast majority of acceptable stuff is already in ingress so there is literally zero reason to split them and let pogo players run wild trying to submit absolute nonsense.  Ingress submissions are massively backlogged, pokemon go submissions would be equally backlogged, easier to have one pile of ingress stuff than a pile of ingress stuff and an absolute mess of pokemon submissions
One way to do it would be to allow level 40s to enter submission mode, and in submission mode you walk around as normal but you can see ingress portals, submit them for transfer to pokemon go and then once it reaches a certain threshold it gets sent over.  An easier way would be to just transfer all missing portals into pogo, that would solve a lot of players issues, but that solution is too simple for niantic
by having sunglasses
also you can level all classes on one character, you just switch gear and do the job quests for that class
