Yes, very!
I don't know if it was a misread or a language issue, but the phrase "inconveniencing the way we do business here" does not automatically mean "inconvenience business". If a person wishes to eat breakfast at 6AM at a restaurant, then they will need to find a restaurant that is open. The person being inconvenienced if the business does not open until 7AM is the person who wants the breakfast, not the business itself (except through the transitive property).
It was contaminated with incompetent handling, if I recall correctly.
Throughout the rest of the program there remained many who believed ANY RTLS would result in LoV. Thank goodness the process was never needed, though a TAL might have been cool...   Back when SLC-6 was still on the books we got great stuff like certain events in David Brin's book *Earth* or [this cover art](http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/40/e9/d207d250fca0712c3bde7010.L.jpg).
With Activator! Jailbroken phone, Activator runs a bash script through Activate Command.   Activator uses connect to and disconnect from triggers for my car Bluetooth. Final component: csay to do speech synthesis.  Example script (it also toggles my wifi so I can sever the crummy connect in my driveway and switch straight to LTE:      #! /bin/bash     activator send switch-off.com.a3tweaks.switch.wifi     sleep 2     csay $(shuf -n 1 /usr/local/bin/gabber/carstart.txt)     sleep 5     activator send switch-on.com.a3tweaks.switch.wifi &gt; /dev/null 2&gt;&amp;1  Carstart.txt is full of the likes to say, obviously.  Have fun!
Sure, but it's being able to rendezvous that makes all that possible too!
With &gt;100 people being laid off at Symantec in the very near future, expect dramatically increased competition in the job market shortly. A data point for anyone who is not bringing their 'A-game' to this because maybe they figure in the back of their mind that "ah, well, I'll try harder when I'm *serious*"...
Carnival Imagination, must be a fleet pattern.   ...and the fact that i see your post means I gave in and paid but it was just now and holy crap, I did not expect this post to explode.
'Supposed to' in what way?
Nice! Yes, definitely the same here. As far as implied secondary characteristics go these ones seemed pretty funny if they really weren't just an odd artistic touch.  😸
Do they have hyper drives?
This one wonders how you might define 'glitch' if not the behavior described.
no u
"Elmo lives, Elmo dies, ELMO LIVES AGAIN!"
Maybe...  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
For countries that don't allow you to give a duck.
😇
Wit this, the result is open-sourced firmware drivers for the camera. Everyone benefits, not just Parallella. If they follow your master plan, then all that hardware is still locked up in shitty binary driver land.   Are you one of those hard-core activists who distrusts any commercial support of open-source initiatives, the kind who cuts off his nose to spite his face? Do you spit on Red Hat, Mozilla, Sun, Oracle etc for anything they do that's contributed back to the community?  Offering a bounty is not a commission to do a job, it's an enticement for people who might be playing around with the idea of reverse-engineering these already who might say "you know, that'd be a sweet little piece of pie at the end of the project".  Open Source does not equal communism, if that's your argument. There are many different kinds of people who contribute for all sorts of different reasons. Who are you to shit on something that might make the RaspPi world better? Is your 'philosophical disagreement' really something that'll make things better?
For rendezvous with the CSM, just wait until it's orbited near to you before you launch. Boost to the rendezvous altitude at 45° then fine tune the intercept carats until they're close. Do a big velocity match burn centered at the intercept and boom, you're floating next to your CSM!  I'm assuming it orbits pretty low, of course.
They haven't had a fatality in space since 1970 (a total of 4) while the US space program had 14 fatalities in-flight, the most recent in 2003.  Could the 'haphazard' generalization be an artifact of the Cold War zeitgeist?
Ginormous differences beneath the skin, but if there was any 'spontaneous acquisition of data' it was by the USSR.  The US shuttle was already flying by the time the Buran project, eh, 'took off'.  The first (and only) flight of the Soviet shuttle was near the end of the 80s so it's unlikely the US needed their design data.
Why do you say 'not quite'?  What's the error?
Transhab will fly thanks to Bigelow.
The problems this flight did not cause them to re-enter, it was never large enough of a surface to overcome atmospheric drag.  They were collecting data in advance of an upcoming mission that'll be launched on a Falcon Heavy if I remember correctly, but I don't know if THAT one is supposed to have the impulse to escape either.  Anyone else?
Does it? You only gave one specific example of a single dropped subplot and that was shown to be an error. Any others?
That's not a dumb question, and even though I cannot improve on falk225's answer i'm an Internet commentor SO I I'LL TRY ANYWAY:  The energy harvested good more effectively be collected through other means based on the figures demonstrated here.  if the technique could be improved in efficiency by a few orders of magnitude that answer could change, but until then technologies like solar, Peltier conversions, or Sterling cycle devices would probably be more effective.
&gt; **tries** to make new fliers puke when he takes them up  Ah, gotcha.  I read the above differently, may just have been me.
Sorta.  It's got a wicked strong magnetic field that charges any loose material into plasma and acts like a giant particle accelerator.  With Io erupting all the time, the magnetic vortex is regularly fed with mass to spin up in the planetary cyclotron and particles are smashed together by the billions every second.  Each time they hit, they spray energy and high energy particles off in different directions so not seeing Jupiter would probably not actually fix the whole problem.  I was spitballing why that would be a requirement but I didn't really think it through.  I read a thing once that wondered if Jupiter's planetary particle accelerator could be harvested for antimatter.  I don't remember what the method used for filtering the output was or if it was specified, but it's interesting.  If single atoms of anti-matter are occasionally created by Jupiter, there's logically be a little bit of time before they would hit something and asplode.
Don't worry about it, Reddit has a few self-appointed 'Grand Inquisitors' who see corporate conspiracies everywhere.  They seem themselves as the heroes of light in the unending battle against deception and marketing and hone their very special set of skills through a 'even a blind chicken can find a piece of corn once in a while' approach that involves scattershot accusations in all directions until one of them hits.  A bunch of them demonstrated this technique during the Boston Bombing aftermath, you may have heard....
When iPhones came out, there were forums full of people arguing that they weren't really smartphones.  There's so much goalpost moving on the Internet, I have no idea how anyone ever scores any points much less makes it to the end boss.
SLS would probably be a waste for the mission profile that's been floated publicly.  It doesn't even involve braking into orbit around Europa meaning that it could probably use an existing heavy launcher. For reference, Cassini used a Titan IV to send something to Saturn and that even included a lander!  A Falcon Heavy, Ariane 5, or heavy Atlas I would probably have enough throw unless the planned mission changes dramatically.
News story: http://www.kezi.com/news/Woman_in_Wheelchair_Hit_and_Killed.html
I am not Geoff, and I have not commented on the new story at that link.  Edit: what the hell you talking about? I'm browsing on mobile right now so I can't see any comments.  Edit 2:: /U/LJWay deleted their comments.  Classy.
Yeah, no parachute.  Fully propulsive landings are mass heavy!
I googled, found a post:  &gt;  I remember reading an interview once with Patrick Stewart and saying that the summer between seasons 3 and 4, he was driving through LA in a convertible and he pulled up at a red light. He said the woman driving the car in the lane next to him recognized him and screamed, "Hey! You're the man who ruined my summer!"
Welcome to "the tragedy of the commons".
Solar counts too even though it's just for transferring power from a star that has a limited store of hydrogen to fuse.  :)
Oh good lord.
http://i.imgur.com/oYwRHjj.jpg
Yep!  Like a car, and a piston-less plane might be a jet, glider, rocket, or wankel-powered.  Where did all these responses come from?!
With improper fuel management, I can get that for free.
You can always go back!
Joke's on them, when I fly it's not IFR!
Right on.  Time to go schedule so hours!
I loved "the cuckoo's egg", but no conversation about Clifford Stoll is complete without this contribution:  http://www.newsweek.com/clifford-stoll-why-web-wont-be-nirvana-185306  He is a smart, funny guy but everyone get something wrong sometimes and this one was a doozy.  Summary: 'the Internet Will never catch on.'
&gt; or maybe you are just astonished how well your lies have gone over if you really are part of the McDonald's corporation XD hard for me to ever know.  http://i.imgur.com/seh6p.gif  Top minds here, no doubt about it.  Good luck.
Classic director sabotaaage.
No, but it according to the spreadsheet there are beta builds of Activator that are semi-working so it's likely a complete fix is just around the corner.  I don't know of any alternatives that even come close so adding the beta repo or waiting a tiny bit might be clever.  Good luck!
These bitter FPH posters are like a less sympathetic version of those French taxi drivers blocking traffic in Paris today to protest Über.
Yup.
