Ojala y el gobierno tenga un plan de atención y no se repita lo del Cartucho.
Beware Guiding Light for The Resistance.
In an isolated system, the entropy can only increase.
Don't forget the frame, you always need to frame it.
All within a secret plot from the Templars to hide in America.
It all comes down to the Annunakis and aliens playing with our genome.
Come on!
And the Olympics, full summer of sports.
Incest, concubines and protecting m'ladies honour. MLP fanfic checks out.
Celui-ci.
Lampard Never Forget.
Family reunions must have been awkward that year.
No Lahm, no Klose, it won't be the same.
What happened to Weidenfeller? The guy was quite good during the super Dormund of Klopp and Lewandowski.
What kind of app is this?
Be Prepaaaaaaared!
There's even one for "how to make your family comfortable with you being naked all the time".
"They call it football too, how hard can it be?"
But 100k for a company like EA is pocket money.
I'm refreshing over 3dm and Skydrow, no release so far. You can check this forum too: http://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?f=10&amp;t=65592&amp;sid=d1f5387a39b502c0183331ef2ed03306&amp;start=165.
What did Di Maria shirt say?
Who are those girls?
That was close.
You can bring 3 players over 23, like the UK did with Giggs in 2012.
Come on, Cuadradito.
So it begins, come on, Colombia!!!
Hopefully Conte will know how to make him comfortable if he calls him back.
r/nocontext
Wenger pls.
Next in Civ VI.
New Arctic Monkeys album, new QOTSA album, what is this, 2013?
New Halloween.
Seriously, r/anime, have you not seen After Story?
Well, seems like Queen Elizabeth is losing her crown then.
Yeah, but why is the UK called roast beef?
Why isn't Kerzhakov playing?
"Someone Elsekov", holy God, my ribs!
We could be superstaaaaars.
There's balance in the force once again.
Do they have dogs burying bones in the field or what?
Fabra, he's in one, he's in two.
This shows how much of a gap exist between the started and the subs. We'll be waiting for you, Brazil, we don't want you to be late for the Olympics.
Must be an upgraded version, wasn't Hope #1 connected to a bunch of cables? Hmm, maybe those cables worked as fuel hoses.
RIP Shaltear.
1v1 me bro IRL I will wreck you.  Just kidding, I've never tasted Peruvian food. I've seen a lot of Peruvian restaurants spawn around Bogota lately. I'll have to see what the fuzz is about.
Cops REEEEEEEEEE
I know I've heard the song, I just can't remember the source. Still Take You Home?
Then they get that oddly allergy to catholic symbols.
Are you a dog?
[Heaven's Feel spoiler](/s "If the ending is the good ending, Illya's popularity is going to skyrocket").
