If you didn't follow the link on the included one sheet instructions that tell you to go to HTC's website then you didn't install it. The second likely culprit is if you're using 2.4GHz wifi rather than 5Ghz that's been causing problems for some people as well. If that's the case and your router allows it, change to 5GHz signal.
Define "perfectly fine". Can the camera track it 20 feet away? Lighthouse can and does for me daily. If by "fine" you mean to the range of about 8-9 feet then yes... past that and it seems not so much.
Yes... Xbox didn't decide to change their name for the second gen, just went with a weird number to match PS3. Even Windows with their bizzaro number convention never changed from "Windows". The second gen of HTC's PC VR HMD will be called Vive something.
Nope, they cover over 5m x 5m empty space before the pool table. They're already 7m apart. Including the pool table really wouldn't be an option as I'd have to place them over 15m apart.
[Here for one](http://www.geek.com/games/valve-confirms-half-life-3-will-not-be-a-virtual-reality-game-1635064/)
Stupid question but you obviously tried restarting PC and/or SteamVR?
Yeah what surprised me is the number of scientists that seem convinced that it's extremely unlikely that we are NOT living in a computer game.
He could've done precisely what they've done HUNDREDS of times when asked about HL3, say that they won't make comments about it. They've done this again and again. This is one of very few instances where they very directly answer "No". The question is repeated later in the Q&amp;A and AGAIN he says "I said, no". It's about as clear cut as you can possibly make it.
The ghost ball disappeared when I turned off ghost ball option, didn't seem like aim assist one did anything with it to me, no?
Yes it is, you have to mount a bracket on the back of the motherboard.
That's why you include two OPTIONS. Precisely what Spell Fighter VR did and it works great. If you want teleportation - here you go. If you want thumbstick movement - here you go. What's the problem with that?
That'd be fine, I'll never turn down more options. Don't intend to boot this sucker back up until the old mode is back in some way though, became dull in the first 30 seconds for me =(
Yep Hover Junkers is the only one I've seen so far I think. You can take your pick at male, female, or robot =)
It's on by default but in certain multiplayer games you need to turn it on separately.
I've seen that twice in the last  200+ encounters. People often get down to the ground but then they're not shooting, they're just cowering in fear for a while for some reason.
Then you have no complaint! You may start at Wave 1 or 5 or 10 or 15 etc. Every five waves your progress saves, just shoot the little box above that wave number and then shoot Start.
You can do if it separate sessions. You may start at Wave 1 or 5 or 10 or 15 etc. Every five waves your progress saves, just shoot the little box above that wave number and then shoot Start
Yeah they tend to keep things in beta for a few weeks... I've never had issues with beta and if some crash does occur you can always roll it back to regular version.  On the Steam boards the dev is very active and updates things and squashes bugs in the dev version for a while before it gets pushed to regular game. I think it's on 3.0.4 already.
Once you get to Wave 5 you'll be able to start next playthrough at Wave 5, same with 10, 15 etc. If you're having issues getting to Wave 10, there's no reason to start at Wave 10 as it really does get progressively harder and harder (thankfully!).
Too much grinding in this MMO... I want the gold dup hack!
Sorry, not at all =( I've showed the game to over 40 folks, none of them had any issues with it either. What graphics card are you running?
Majority of monitor games will give motion sickness to a decent portion of people in VR. The VR revolution only started a month ago, let's see where the early adopter numbers are by the end of the year. Especially after PSVR comes.
Glad to hear it. Yes, in Steam you can get an automatic refund if you request it when you've played the game for less than 2 hours and you've owned it for less than 14 days. I've used the option several times on titles I wasn't quite sure about and ended up refunding.   Here's a google [link on how to do it](https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=6695-QIKM-7966). You can do it within Steam as well, you click I believe Account, go to your Purchase History and click on the title. I'm willing to bet you won't be giving Holopoint back, ping me and let me know if I'm right after you try it =)
That is odd... You have gotten to Wave 30 before, right?
Ah yes, you unlock waves as you go... Gotta get to wave 30 before you can play it (same with any other one really)
Huh... I am pretty shocked at the results. Really rather surprised that less than half a percent have 4m x 4m or bigger. It's time to get those beds that fold up and dedicate a room to this stuff. Who needs reality when you have a Vive?! (I guess 99.5% of the people do huh).
Wait you can go down to the basement? I tried but didn't seem like I could teleport to the stairs and it looked just dark down below.
Good call!
Sorry, here they are: [VR Waterproof Cover](https://vrcover.com/product/htc-vive-pre-vr-cover-waterproof-for-exhibitions-sport/) and  [VR Foam](http://vrfoam.com)  Again, for people that are good at crafts, making your own VR foam is likely preferable. For people who are either not good at making stuff (like me) or those that don't want to bother, I am pleased with what they provided.
Almost all of them. It's not an income tax on goods. It's an income tax that companies need to pay on their earnings. The company has to pay income taxes and those rates vary based on where the sales takes place.
Ah totally went over my head lol
How do you know it's Ireland? Do you know if HTC is using an Irish patent box structure? Companies that like to use Ireland need to first establish that their Irish affiliate owns the intellectual property (as in research for the product was done in Ireland). It's not as simple as you seem to think it is.
It's quite simple really. HTC wants to make a certain amount of after tax cash per Vive. They evaluate the costs of doing business in each country (how much the VAT/sales tax, income tax, shipping costs, currency exchange rates etc are for each country). The price is largely set mainly by those things. It's not just VAT that goes into the equation.
Sir, I'd like to sell you this bridge I have... A great deal, just for you!
Uhm both of that is Holopoint... In the Lab you can miss again and again and again and again and eventually hit and still get through all the waves. That won't fly in Holopoint once you get far enough, you'll be overrun quickly if you can't place accurate AND quick shots, especially in waves 30-60.
I found that a decent amount of people just don't talk (or don't know they need to hold down the grip buttons to talk). Generally the people that play the game a lot (and are good at it) talk very often. People that do poorly (and I assume don't play much) don't respond a lot. I know my mic works perfectly fine but sometimes I try to chat with folks and get no response. Other times we chat non-stop.
Strange. I can't quite see what the perceived difference is between thumbstick locomotion and the zgame's point and slowly walk there method? Is it that Spell Fighter is faster movement?
Space Pirate Trainer, Holopoint, Holoball, Out of Ammo, Audioshield.  For fans of multiplayer shooters: Hover Junkers.
I've seen that, especially in the last week and my latency is usually around 50ms.
Do you have HTC's Vive software installed (not SteamVR)? If so, try uninstalling it. I had pretty bad lag until I got rid of that thing.
Don't suppose you got this on YouTube somewhere? Can't watch the link :( Thanks!
Only if games are developed with that in mind I assume?
I recommend Spell Fighter VR. Has both locomotion methods and might get some ideas for inventory as well =)
What? I heard a few complaints that were drowned by OMG THIS IS AWESOME NEWS from far FAR more people. But in the mean time, we're going to complain about complainers?
However, what we don't know is the percentage of people that will bother with USB extender cables and move the second camera somewhere behind them. Are there a decent chunk of those people on reddit? Yeah... Will even 50% of Rift users do that? I HIGHLY doubt it. I think vast majority will set it up with two cameras on their desk, just like Oculus will tell them to do.  Will Bethesda publish this on Oculus Home or even include the Rift badge on Steam Store if they believe the game won't be playable for half of the Rift users? Maybe but I wouldn't be shocked if they don't.
The good news is zombies are not actually in your room! ( trying to help you man up =) )
Fallout VR support for the Rift
Link to the actual prototype? We don't get to try those =) Link to an article about journalists playing them? [Sure, here you go](http://uploadvr.com/fallout-4-htc-vive-hands-on-preview/)  This is Fallout 4 only. Doom sounds like it won't be the full game but rather a "Doom experience", we don't know what that means yet.
Quite the opposite... I seek out games that require some exertion (Holopoint, Hover Junkers, Audioshield etc).
Deal
