There are deloads, where you reduce intensity for a while (eg, 60% for a week) and then go back to where you were before. This is useful to allow more complete recovery without detraining.  Then there are resets, where you reduce your working weight (eg, -10%) and re-progress from there. This is useful for getting through plateaus.  You're trying to use a reset where you'd usually use a deload. If you need a deload week, take one. Likewise, if you want to use smaller increments, do that. Or if you've milked all you can from a linear progression, switch to something else.  But one of the best ways to cheat yourself out of progress is to deliberately avoid it. Don't reset just because it's difficult; it's supposed to be difficult.  The thing about linear progression in the novice phase is that the brain lies to you: the point when you start thinking "no way can I keep adding weight every session like this" is long before you *actually* can't do it.  Also, missing reps is fine. The program is designed to allow that to happen. Practice failing safely for bench/squat if you don't already know how.
&gt;Your arm muscles are exerting a (roughly) downwards acting force aren't they?  No.  Put a bar on your back, and step on a scale. Note the reading. Now pull on the bar as hard as you like. See if the scale reading changes.  Technically yes, the hands are exerting a downward force *on the bar*. But we don't care about the bar, we care about the combined bar-and-lifter system. By Newton's Third Law, the bar is exerting an exactly equal upward force on your hands, so the net force on the bar-lifter system is zero. Simultaneously, there is a normal (contact) force from your back onto the bar, which prevents the bar from accelerating downward as your hands pull on it. The contact force from the bar onto your back prevents you from being accelerated upwards as the bar pulls on your hands. These forces again cancel out for a net force of zero on the system.  It's the same reason you can't levitate by pulling on your own bootstraps. Forces internal to a system never generate net force on the system, because this would violate Newton's Third Law and also the conservation of momentum.
It's not the same exercise. A trap bar deadlift is a different movement, and uses muscles differently, as the article you linked describes.  Also, plenty of gyms just plain don't have specialty bars.  And if you want to avoid bloody shins, long socks are a hell of a lot cheaper than a trap bar.
&gt;Should I just focus on ONLY eating until I get more mass (around 22 lb heavier) or just eat while also regularly lifting?  Lift. Gaining weight without lifting will be mostly fat. In general, you should never stop lifting unless you are literally unable to (eg, sick or injured).  &gt;Is 2300 calories a day a good goal or should it be lower/higher?  Doesn't really matter. Try it for a few weeks, see what happens, and adjust from there.  &gt;Protein powder or weight/mass gainer - or do I not need it yet?  They're just food. If you want a drinkable source of protein or calories, use them. They're never *necessary*, but sometimes useful.  &gt;Any tips for trying to eat more than you can as a skinny person?  Calorie-dense foods. Liquid calories. /r/gainit has lots of good recipes for gainer shakes.  &gt;Is it better to work on one body part per day (30-40 mins on arms) or multiple per day (10mins Shoulder, 10 Chest, 10 Arms, 10 Legs)?  Follow a real program. Some good ones are in the wiki. Beginners are generally not qualified to design their own.
I'd wondered why I couldn't find potassium supplements in useful doses. Great post.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/wiki/getting_started#wiki_adding_exercise
/r/leangains is more in love with meal plans and exact macro counts than any other community I've seen. They still do consistency, they just treat workout days and rest days differently, which is at least sort of justifiable. By comparison, there's no clear reason to eat differently on weekdays and weekends.
RDV for sodium is what, 2500mg? Yes, some seasonings have a lot, but not so much they're unusable in moderation, and other seasonings don't have that problem anyway.  Just be careful not to use more than 833 servings of that curry powder, and he'll be fine.
1. No, it means 90% of your 5RM. Volume day sets are not supposed to be max-effort, or else you'd never get through five sets across. Even at 90% they're pretty brutal; you might want to start with 85% and adjust from there.  2. Yes. Recovery day is lighter, because it's a recovery day.  3. Up to you. If you're interested in powerlifting, you should probably not alternate, because bench is a competition lift and press isn't. If you're training for general strength, alternating is fine.
&gt;So why would legs bulk and arms not?   Your arms are lifting 60 lbs, your legs are lifting 245.
I wouldn't usually classify protein bars as a supplement.  If it has significant calorie content, it's food. If it doesn't, it's a supplement.
If you haven't lifted in a few weeks, some detraining is expected. This is why programs use deload weeks to deal with fatigue, instead of just taking the week off.
Whether a given amount of work is overtraining depends on your work capacity. If you feel constantly fatigued, or if your progress is stagnating, you might be overtraining. You can also just try cutting back for a week or two and see if you do better that way.
There's not really any special trick. More volume, heavier weight, and patience.
1 km in 5 minutes is 12 km in 60 minutes.
With those numbers, intermediate programming is probably appropriate. For a 3-day program, I'd recommend Texas Method, although there are plenty of other good ones as well.
For a novice or early intermediate, 5/3/1 progresses very slowly and has low frequency on the main lifts. This will be even more true if you're only running it 3 days per week instead of 4.  It's possible to modify the program to work around these things, but this can be said of any program.
That's reasonable, yes. The general formula is: enough protein (according to whichever rule of thumb you like), 20-30% of calories from fats, and everything else carbs.  If by "clean bulk" you mean you want to minimize fat gain, calorie intake is more important than macro ratios. A 1000-calorie surplus is going to put on a significant fraction as fat, no matter what macros you use to get there. A good target is usually 2-4 pounds per month, which is a daily surplus of 250-500 calories. At age 16 and as a beginner(?) you might get away with something more aggressive, but YMMV.
Also, you can't burn off just the fat you don't want. Spot reduction is a myth, because again, there's nothing you can do to determine where fat gets stored on your body.
There is AFAIK no decent belt that does both. Spend your money on a real belt; holding dumbbells between your feet is free. If you can do dips or pullups with enough weight that becomes impractical, buy a few feet of chain and a carabiner from a hardware store, and that's your dip belt.
A leg *press* is not at all the same as a leg *extension* machine.
We can accurately measure body fat. Autopsies allow very high precision.  To be slightly less snarky, DEXA and underwater weighing are quite accurate. The problem is that there's no accurate *and easy* way to measure body fat, and this is completely unsurprising, since a reliable measurement requires *actually measuring* something, which means you have to somehow examine the composition of the entire body, not just take a skinfold test at three locations.
Without more info, it's hard to give any advice more specific than "eat less and be patient".
http://www.davidhorne-gripmaster.com/basics.html
"Lift with your legs, not with your back" has always been the five-second version for people who don't know how to lift things. Bending at the *waist* is not and has never been a problem. It's bending of the *spine* that is bad, but the average member of modern society has no idea how to hinge at the hip without lumbar flexion.  You have back muscles specifically for holding the spine in place under load. Using them isn't a bad thing, and doing exercises that strengthen them will make your back bulletproof, instead of always needing to protect your back by "lifting with your legs".
There's not much to say about lifting for tall people. Some exercises will be moderately harder or easier depending on proportions, but this doesn't really change anything about how you should exercise.
Romaleo sizing is supposed to be similar to other Nike shoe sizing. Go to a shoe store and try on some sneakers.
Arm-over-arm sled pulls, hand bike, battle ropes, kettlebell swings, maybe bag work.
There's no particular place I would insist this has to happen, or even that you necessarily have to *replace* rather than just adding more pulls. But three bench variants plus flies, on the same day you're already benching, is probably unnecessary.
High-bar position, plus heeled shoes and good ankle mobility to allow lots of forward knee travel.
If, for example, you think you can set a record in the open category. I actually don't know if the younger age categories even have that option, but masters athletes definitely do.
About as hard as tearing any other muscle, except with biceps you can reduce the risk further (on deadlifts) by keeping your arms locked, which is proper technique anyway. Or by not using mixed grip, and unless you compete in powerlifting there is little reason to use mixed grip when injury is a concern.
Yes.
This, although ankle mobility isn't only about bone structure, and can usually be improved by working on it.
&gt;Are there any problems I'll run into by increasing the weights on my benchpress to be more than what I lift doing squats or deadlift?  No, not at all. The problem, to the extent there is one, is not that your bench press is *too strong*. It's that your squat and deadlift are almost certainly weak. This isn't a huge problem, but it's worth trying to figure out what's holding them back, and then addressing that.
Leaning it against a dumbbell on the floor usually works, if you can't find a cooperative cameraman.
Yes, but the above advice is still correct.
Olympic weightlifting is all about explosiveness, and the clean-and-jerk includes a deep front squat. Most successful weightlifters still do back squats regularly. That probably says something about their usefulness.  For *you personally*, there may not be any benefit that's worth persistent problems. Front squat away.
5291 ounces.
Probably not. Pullups are not an exercise with a lot of nuanced technique.  The pecs generally do not play a major role, but they are attached to the humerus, which is being brought down in front of your torso. Put one hand on your pec, raise the other arm overhead, and notice the fibers moving. This is the same reason pullovers hit the chest.
Loaded hyperextensions should scare you MORE than good mornings, since they involve deliberate spinal flexion and extension under load.  This doesn't make them bad. Everybody gets injured sooner or later. It's just a question of when, and how bad. Have a strong back and use good technique, and that'll be "rarely and not very".
You want your arms vertical, or as close to it as possible if legs are in the way. If your arms aren't vertical, you're unnecessarily forcing yourself to start from a lower (and thus weaker) position.  For most people, this will put your index finger somewhere around the inner edge of the knurling.
Yeah, you've got a bit of catback going on.  It looks like your lower back isn't flat to start with, which doesn't help. But mostly you need to work on bracing and getting tight before pulling, so that your torso doesn't collapse forward under load. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv6dJK11zNQ) is a decent place to start.
In a sumo deadlift, the hands are between the legs, rather than vice versa. This obviously requires a wider stance, and changes some other things about the lift technique-wise.
Somewhat, yes.
A front raise.
It's "reversing entropy" in the sense that the tower was destroyed by an entropic process, and to get the original structure you need to fairly literally reverse that process.  This is a *local* entropy reversal, which is not at all forbidden by the Second Law. Ostensibly, global entropy still increases in the process of computing and then actually repairing the tower.
You're fixating too hard on the specific details of the analogy. Physically scattering the pieces is one kind of entropic damage, but damage caused by temperature and pressure is also entropic even though all the pieces are more-or-less in the same place, and repairing it requires reversing that entropy in some sense. Repairing things *in general* requires "reversing entropy" locally, because there are more ways for a thing to be broken than not.
You have larger arms and forearms, but not disproportionate. Also, your lats give you a better taper from shoulders to waist. I'd say the model has better back definition, but that might just be lighting.
To make your shoulders wider than your waist, you need wide shoulders, and a narrow waist. Lats are also important for making the taper actually look like a taper.
