Watch the episode where erza learns magic, it's also really about believing and people with it in their blood have an inclination.  Also Laxus would kick your ass for assuming he's good cuz if his parents.
Santorums always cum from behind
What year is this, 2012?
Cringe within a cringe, they just incepted this shit
W..wh...what?!?
Jellal cuz during gmg jellal knew he could beat Jura while Laxus was unsure.
But that's the thing they actually know. Like watch interviews with people buying.  Sir you know you're chances are low right?  Yea.  How you know how low?  Really low.   There many things that need work but monitoring shifty spending choices is not one of them.
How so?
Honestly it's a surprisingly diverse world, there's Asian and European diversity.  They also have rare instances characters of many other colors.
Mind blown
Question is will it do anything to protect its people from the problems already over the border.
*takes deep breath*  Please tell me this is a joke
Source or name?
Not everyone is convinced that relationships with banks equals bad.
Yes!!!
This^ people tend to forget this is a story with laws the strengths that bend to hiros wishes.  He tries to be consistent but he sways regularly (literally any fight with sting or rogue as examples)
What the fuck?!?
Mavis don't fuck around with ppl who hurt warrod
Yea I mean we've seen many situations where a character has appeared to have been rekt and hiro keeps them alive.  Gildarts did survive a similar assault from the same person.
Right?!?
You should hang out at r/enoughsandersspam
Username checks out
You misspelled FEC
Lol perfect logic if you want to dismiss conclusions you don't trust.
That's the purpose.  You're supposed to say I want take part in the DNC or GOP primary before all the candidates announce to prevent tampering.
Yea THAT is totally want is happening.
And we will get R2
By "place politics my ass" I assume your talking about a sanders speech
Irrelevant to the topic of no one paying for porn anymore.
I don't know it
What successful women does r/politics regularly celebrate?  The only ones I know got attention endorsing sanders (tulsi) or lost support for not supporting his lordship (warren)
Mark Cuban said it from day 1, net worth is completely unrelated to cash on hand.  First trump is only 4 billion but second we as a country have a grave misunderstand of how network relates to spending power.
Fuck you
Brilliant
You mean fudge? Bernie is clearly dumbledore and every Bernie supporter us their own special version of Harry Potter.
Hey at least you didn't reference Harry Potter.  One day you'll learn to stick to facts.
Are they really bonus at this point or expected?
Doesn't that assume literally no money was spent as well?
There are also polls showing that over 80 percent of Bernie supporters have switched to Clinton?
Actually lots of the classified material wasn't classified at the time.  What happens a lot is material is made classified later when the state dep decides what is should and should not release
This question is proof you spend to much time in your echo chambers.  It's all over Hillary subs, also Google.
The transistor was America.
Like we've ever let that stop us before
The life of a ft fan is a hard one
If she learns that lesion before 10 she'll rule the world
Did you just have that fucking list ready to go?
That's sad moment when u realize the story is about a guy.......
Because they are supposed to be opposites.  Thin privilege is something society gives to thin people and fat is something society makes up to punish fat people
No no no, he uses special mystic powers and a bo staff to defeat many armed enem...........FUCK
Red for power ranger and ties, blue for everything else
