Its crazy how we Americans saved Futbol! from the evils of Blatter and co! America Fuck Yea!!!! also on side note Team USA undefeated in u20 World cup so far a plus for us!!!
what season was this? man how i forgot about this beauty!
A day of threes!
The Mexican staring frog of Sri Lanka episode....
I wonder if next season is gonna be tied up with this!
ney is done two yellows and a red basically we going to see the Brazil from last years semi final play with no neymar
Thanks now I'm gonna go watch it!
fallout 4?
Good guy Gremlin juice....discontinues juice flavor reveals formula!!! Ya vendors out their better learn!!!
Hannover vs wehen friendly 30 mins before kick off i'm thinking      Hannover +0 AH @ -154      Over 3                 @ -114      Early morning pick for me betting light!
Hahahaha called it el haddid!!!$
Neyyyy fucking mar!!!!!!! Boooom! Lets gooo this getting heaten up!!!!
Are all withdrawls 50 bucks after you use your freebie? Is neteller feasable and safe for a us customer?
GOAL OF THE FUCKING YEAR!!!! GO SPURZZZZZ!
dont even tell me
gonna be an intense 2h ughh 3 goals for the spread its not looking good
Hopefully fucking juves attacking no goals too
that sucked!
God 1070 or 480 the 480 or 1070 damn now i have to wait for benchmarks.........gonna delay my pc build to July!
yep gotta compensate for the extra juice!
It will numb your throat and open up your sinuses
Si...
/r/gamersbeingjerks
Nitrogensports.com
Canon EOS rebel t6i
The Chile effect!
Thank you sir!!!
Hated how hard this boss was but loved the strategy to beat it...grind and know the patterns if i recall!
Seaman!!!!
Raspberry pi build!!!
Yes i forgot about the club cup games in japan...
Looks like they messed up teams on nfl app for verizon...
3 safetys 1 touchdown 1 point field conversion....their you go 13 points...
1)Randy 2)timmy 3)cartman 4)chef 5)season 20 Garrison
The first rule of Fight Club is: You do not talk about Fight Club.......
Where can i watch barca b games online?
Might as well play single player tourneys plus is it true that you can make your own kits on photoshop and transfer them to the game?
How does one pronounce that?
Thanks
MaTs doing a good job but our players gotta get their a game up!
Oh man!!!
Denis!!! Gracias!!!
Neyyyy!!! Finally MSN!!!!
Matressfirm now!
Thats real retro vape tech there!
Diabeetus rings!
ヽ(⌐■ل͜■)ノ  Happy Summer 17'
Peppermint tobacco like Marlboro smooths Candy cane flavor?
Nice rda! What is it?
3-2 juve wins
