1. Cro  2. Taco 3. Vermette  Honorable mention: Steeger Honorable mention 2: Timmonen
Longest nine inning MLB game was 4-45. Dont know when the puck dropped officially here, but we have got a chance.
The exact opposite of framing a pitch
Why is Lawrie looking for an appeal?
That's a total of two pitches.
Just clearing cap space for melo, lebron, wade, Kobe, grant hill Tim Duncan and Tracy mcgrady
Rick Bucher.
Not saying it's not a standard exercise. My concern is why is there a dude in the background freaking out about the velocity?  It's that mentality that leads to injury. If it's happening on that drill, it's happening on other drills and in the weight room. I did a quick search on YT and found a video featuring our prospect working out with Josh Tomlin and Nick Rumbelow down at APEC. Not sure when that video was shot but both of those guys have gone through major surgeries in the last two years or so.   https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wPeffiUGKPQ
What is a super cause for concern?
isn't it 2017 now?
Hoiberg is talking about three threes. They hit 17 of 30.
Shocked to see middle of the pack.
From this tweet it would appear that our real problem is the Lord and Savior baby Jesus recruiting kids away from UF. We either need to flip Gods only son who died on the cross for our sins to start working for us, or just wait around for Him to commit a recruiting violation.
It's sad to see, but even Dr. Rush will have to admit, parking and home football games had nothing to do with the failed business.  They simply bit off more than they can chew and overextended themselves.  They had a closet on University Drive for 25 years and sublet a church for another 10.  They tried to become Uncle Moe's Family Feedbag and this is what happens.
Gangster talk- right right?
I don't like the Goo Goo Dolls, but they were one of the biggest bands on earth in late 90s early 00s. Every song they put out went to number one or close to it, it seemed. Even still, Howard only had them on the show if they played in front of their gay dance party. The Goo Goo Dolls didn't need Howard Stern to promote their record or their show, but they made the appearance any way.   It's just not fun. It's not funny.
Maybe he coaches Oklahoma football instead?
No one over the age of 13 throws share. **Shade
To play?
He'll have no trouble moving his furniture to anywhere but here
No one saw that he compared himself to Todd Frazier in this interview?
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/BjHK2Uczq7o/maxresdefault.jpg  Preview of the kid's baseball card.
Callis treated Our Chuck much more civilly than Keith Law.
There's video?  Only heard podcast
Gene Simmons created Reddit. And this sub. And all of you
Ha! but it's 'rite' of passage isn't it?
How many special persecutors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Tell me more about these St Louis Rams. Sounds like they come from an ancient mythical land.
That might be the "PLO room" tho.  The rest of the estate could be tits.
LeBron to Clips or Lakers to force the NBA to go to a straight 1-16 format in the playoffs. 10-11 Western conference teams plus Celtics, bullets and bucks. 35-40% of the league tanks to avoid dubs and LeBron's super team. The NBA will try to curtail tanking by changing to a 40 game season. Lbj plays 30. So that he can play until his grandchildren can play with him. 22 straight NBA finals appearances he final retires when Donald Trump suffers a stroke in his eleventh term as emperor. First ever human manned craft reaches Mars and builds a colony and a developmental league. Where LeBron sends a test tube of his super sperm to be farmed to create an entire interplanetary league of LeBron's. If you need me I'll be at Alex Jones house this weekend working some shit out.
What's a y'all?
Didn't knicks fans want Jackson gone when he drafted porzingis?  Just giving you what you want.
I'm so confused by this. The heats best picks are Brook Lopez and Mason plumlee?  Wasn't kawhi Leonard drafted by the pacers?  Wasn't derrick Rose good at basketball?
You've watched Nikko?
A lot of tj leafs highlights are right over this Finn.
Yes.
This is why that Abreu anomaly is weird but not that crazy.
He doesn't have a system. He played a certain way with the cyclones but it's not like you just copy and paste that style to the NBA. Billy Donovan and Brad Stevens were much more successful in NCAA basketball but are completely running different systems with their current teams because they have different personnel.  It's not like he has a secret recipe that you can just plug any stiff in and score 130/night.   Hoiberg was hired to coach Derrick Rose, Jimmy Butler, DunDun, Gasol and Noah. Do you think he's looking at his lineup now and saying "finally?".  This is going to be a disaster. He should have taken the Ohio State job.  (Fire garpax)
And then he doesn't play tonight
that was like a month after the game tying grand slam in Seattle.
He should be ready for his side day for some work out of the bullpen which would be Wednesday. Unless the Tigers call.   Gilbert through at least 115 in the afternoon so LSU is in the same position.
Posted the picture before he ate the camera.
Define hilarious
is Trader's South still open?
Keppinger.5
Is savage a good thing or a bad thing?
Couldn't find any tape of him playing hoops, but got some of him playing tennis: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUaMzsNKR7Q
What grade is the author of this post in?
Will they announce which Arby's Dowell Loggains will be working next year?
Having cam could have kept Glennon on the field for a couple of extra weeks. Which could have been good or bad.
