I would have guessed Detroit.
[Still my favorite picture.](http://i.imgur.com/lh8eFnn.jpg)
He died from a heart attack too.  Basically he aged much quicker, resulting in having the body of someone at least 20 years older.
He killed her with the only weapon banned by a pope.
Your drill would just rotate around this bit.
Amazon and Anal.
Since the head came off, this would be considered a failed hanging.  It's supposed to break the neck.  Also, guillotine is the device, not the act of removing a head.
They've been doing it since the beginning of “feature-length" films.
Noticed you said you thought the prop may have been undamaged?  If that's not a typo, I can tell you the prop is beyond any form of repair.
But it’s a piece of the costume falling off.
The car or the fighter jet?
If you don’t brush around implants the gums will rot away until you see the pin and bone.
You’re parked on the sidewalk!
Here I thought I was being original when I set up a long line before turning it on.
She succeeded in poking him with the HIV needle.
Why not call the Fire Marshall?
I died for moment when the scissors stuck in the floor at the beginning.
28 Days Later.
That's the biggest ornamental bell any cow will ever wear.    Cowbells aren't even true bells in a sense.  They don't ring out.
There's even that popular clip of a cat “slapping” a baby in the head with both paws, but retracted claws.  Cat knew exactly what it was doing.
They're infused with jizz.
Haven't seen young girls making dick cakes before, that's why.
Give it a little tampy.  Tamp, tamp tamparoo.
Relative to other Civics.
This comment should go down in the history of time.
Sometimes called IPA.  Don't confuse it with India Pale Ale.
I tired connecting a peripheral Lego Mindstorms uplink to USB using a USB-1/8th Adapter and a 1/8th-peripheral adaptor.  Didn't work.
All we know is, he’s called The Stig.
That's *why* you use shovels.
The opposite of the Japanese clap.   They all stop at once.
Inside the tampon box and the toilet paper rolls is a fun one because they're already likely pissed.
They learn or they get pulled against the ground while while shitting all over themselves and the ropes.  They do it by keeping their back legs stiff and sliding on their paws.
Thank you for being a good sport.  Don't know why everyone’s squeamish.  This *is* r/wtf.
Although it’s much thicker on top than the bottom.  This not only increased vertical loads above center-of-gravity, but increased lateral loads from wind sheer and water.
Hold my paw, I'm going in!
You don't even need the airflow to be moving in that direction.  It could be pushing air out the front.  That helps prevent against heat buildup behind the case.  Edit.  Had a stroke halfway through and fixed the typos.
Sell your car and ride the rifle to work.
In a stand off they need to shoot down the building around someone.
The total bill was $138k.  Each camera body is $50k.  Guessing he bought two bodies.
Piss Taker, come on!
Just like sex.
~~Bet your boyfriend appreciates it.~~
Remember pogs?
Silencer was a brand name.  They're called suppressors.
*You just say ‘bingo.’*
Better call Saul.
It means the same thing, but I never heard anyone call it that when we're at the range.  Also hear people call it a “can.”
Does anyone use sunscreen in Florida?
When will we have radio controlled blobs?
I knew someone would correct me.
