&gt;The games that run smoothly on nearly anything!  Thank you War Thunder. You really are amazing for running on intel integrated graphics.
Could just be predicting the announcement.
Wei tu Long
Doctor who: The adventure games
It didn't say that for me upgrading from windows 7. You should be fine.
Scroll down a bit, it says "free HDMI cable"  This is obviously the kind of guy who pays for PS+
Thanks, I thought so but wanted to find out first so that I wasn't surprised in a bad way when I hooked it up.
First time I saw it I though he was carrying a small child and doing all sorts of crazy stunts with them.
Remission implies that it can go away. But Crohn's never goes away. It's always there, waiting patiently for the perfect moment to strike.
Can someone fill me in on whats supposedly wrong? I don't see anything here.
I've seen it mentioned a few times here in the past but not recently. Normally in the context of wireless keyboards or controllers.
All the banning subreddits and censorship stuff as well as some hypocritical statements about free speech are on her. Basically contradicting what people see reddit as standing for as far as I'm aware.
Yeah it's fairly new and they really didn't advertise it much at all. I just randomly found a "watch game" button when I went to message my friend one day.
Not a clue, don't play it myself just speak to some people who are really enthusiastic about it. I don't think they have the dlc.
You have a worse processor and igpu than me and I still have to play min settings to achieve 30fps. WTF is going on?
This is so great playing payday: the heist in the middle of an assault wave on overkill difficulty.
but in this case it's the same developer and franchise so not likely.
&gt;go and play games how they were meant to be played  Fucking Nvidia everywhere
It's an APU. It should be able to handle most games at a decent FPS and settings. It's not just a CPU. Sorry about not specifying a GPU though, I'm thinking r9 290X or something similar.
r9 290X maybe. Not sure but I looked around and most cards would work if I used a 500 or 550W PSU
[Those seem kinda expensive](http://uk.pcpartpicker.com/parts/power-supply/#W=500,550&amp;m=52)
Chivalry: medieval warfare. I have no idea what the US price is but it's under £2 and prices often favour the US slightly.
Nah I played the game for ages trying to find it. Or if it did exist it lost it's function which was to destroy the masts of enemy ship and cripple their movement.
Take a look yeah. But not when you fall 50 weeks outside of the policy.
That seems unusual. Do you mind if I ask which country or that you elaborate in the laws. It's totally fine if you don't want to tell.
This sounds like the ideal case for pirating to check system requirements.   I can only give a very very rough idea but arkam asylum runs ok on an intel iGPU with a dual core i5. Obviously it being the same series is no guarantee of similar system requirements but since they were released relatively close together I would expect the min requirements to be fairly similar even if the recommended specs change.
As /u/ComboCancel said, go to /r/pcgaming as it's basically this sub but without the peasants stuff.
How can they have control over something like anti aliasing which actually affects performance if a console has to run at a steady difference.
[It's not Susan...](http://m.youtube.com/?#/watch?v=CheHpaRkKio)
Apparently up to 60% of labradors. Cancer rates are shitty in dogs.
You'd be surprised how well it runs on minimum. It freezes up if you don't skip the 2k logo animation at the beginning but actually in game it's mostly smooth enough.
Not sure if it was the same function but I saw a ps2 remote once with a turbo and a slow mo button. Both were pretty much unfunctional and had the exact same effect of making the game rapidly pause and unpause.
Is that on android? Can't find it
Shit. Someone really should've done something to ensure that PCMR 'owned' the rating system images so they couldn't be abused like this.
Yeah but like 80 million just got lost because he never found out where jack hid it. Anyway walt also died, so theres that.
Nah it's just like that, not a lot of background programs at all. Think there's dust in it but because of the design of f the laptop I can't clean it out.
On that point about controller support, there are a lot with partial controller support that support the controller for at least 95% of the game (e.g super meat boy)
r9 280X keeps up with a gtx 960? I didn't know they were doing so well with even the 290 being talked about as outdated.
They really did though. Although android is taking over now for years everyone had an iphone and they were massively popular over everything else.
Obviously you can't drink one evening and drive the next morning. Isn't this common knowledge?  In scotland now the driving limit is way down to under a pint though. Don't know how the US treats it's alcohol laws.
But... breaking the physics.
Why not both? Just run between them.
Don't forget that's also only for games that support crossfire. Although all the games demanding enough to require a 390x probably already do.
Get a horse and just use the fast travel carriages? They're perfectly lore friendly and limited enough to work for this purpose.
On the website it says it's running on raspberry pi so probably almost none.
Forgetting a /s bring downvotes every time.
If you're on chrome get the Really unexpected jihad extension. It lets you make it so that posts from /r/unexpectedjihad apper to have come from somewhere else.
Looks to me like oscar, the guy from the very start of the game.
I mean, if you're on PCpartpicker it just gives you a yes/no answer for crossfire and sli support so it doesn't take that much research.
The UK lottery used to be a great example of this because the profits went into funding the NHS. The health lottery does that now it's just not as good. The real lottery is still a good example because it funds loads of charities.
