The body of the birthday kid's missing sister.
Little Blue Chips League?
&gt;Leave it to americans  Why don't you start posting about the amazing Swedish Air Force in that subreddit so you can change their minds and make it more international?
I declare... Bankruptcy!!
&gt;RAUL JULIA – STREET FIGHTER (1994)  yeesh.
He's so famous, he's IN the famous!
Encyclopedias.
And the top rated park system in the US!
Peanut butter, jelly, thyme. And a baseball bat.
Oh deer.
Rowdy Roddy Piper vs Keith David, "They Live."  Chingachgook vs Magua, "The Last of the Mohicans."  Brennan Conlon vs Koba, "Warrior."  Zhang Ziyi vs Michelle Yeoh, "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon."  Jet Li vs Donnie Yen, "Hero."
Folding origami.
Vargidan.  Unigas.
How high do they get in boardroom meetings?
Supposably. Even if you pronounce it incorrectly, it's still a moo point.
Cap'n Crunch Wrap Supreme.
It depends on the sound, not the letter.
It's not Korean.
Mexican coke.
I'll try to take a photo next time I'm there. I could be mistaken.
What about Colombian coke?
Serious comment. Wear some swimming goggles. Problem solved.
Sean Bean is in it. I wonder when he dies.
Your mom looks like Chutney from Legally Blonde.
Just tell them that the shift starts at 9:45am.
Did it happen on Sunday? It's the day you kick off your shoes, and his foot is indeed loose.
Was the seller named Nigel West Dickens?
~~Cutter~~ Gutter is a tool!  EDIT: Gutter. Thanks be to /u/Waggy777
&gt;Mr. Buttstuff   Who do you think you are?
In a lot of municipalities, driving with a suspended license is in the same crime category as a DUI. No joke.
Luke, I am your fatha!
And...?
I am here with you.
Mmm. Powdered farts.
Except in the summers when temperatures peak in the high 90s or occasionally 100, and the humidity is high.
Star Whores.  Space Balls.  Warmholes.  Deep Space Nut.
You forgot to mention that the cop who shoot Rice was deemed emotionally unstable and unfit to be a police officer by his previous employer. Or that the 911 caller told the dispatcher that the fun was probably fake. Or that the officers did not administer any first aid, that an FBI agent had to do it after Rice had been left bleeding to death for for minutes.   You know, objective facts.
The last point was a Simpsons reference.
Harry Pooter.
That stop sign font tho.
Len - You Can't Stop The Bum Rush
Martin Blank
Walter White, as played by William H Macy.
Kidtrapped.
Artax really could have used your help, lady.
You can put a ceramic plate in by itself and the plate will get warm.
That link seems to say only 6 states follow the doctrine.
[Pretty sure it was this guy, at it again.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am-Qdx6vky0)
They're selling them at J Crew I think.
[Here is Duran getting destroyed by Tommy Hearns](http://youtu.be/DaESioM03g4)
