To pee with you idiot
&gt;very detailed  &gt;The entire ocean floor has now been mapped to a maximum resolution of around 5km, which means we can see most features larger than 5km across in those maps.   LOL no
Contact COC?  Because, if it's not official, it's going to be *hilarious* fallout.
Ah Amazon wishlist for the lulls. http://amzn.com/w/3IVQT6CLJA3BP
Triple xl shirt size, lol
click clack, the tappet brothers are at it again!
It reminds me of i'm awesome, by spose.
Challenge accepted?
huh, interesting.
lel
that he is!
That's what the FAA assumes for weight. That doesn't mean the individual airline doesn't do other methods. But, pretending the airline didn't figure it out for itself, they'd just use the FAA math and plug that into the center of gravity calculator which basically lets you know if the plane is going to be able to fly or crash horribly.
lol
Smooth bore? Why optics then?
gotcha gotcha. a receiver mount *should* be close enough
Ohhhh, I seee.   Hmmm, where you located? You're probably going to have to do the silver solder the base that /u/brownellsInc suggested
Oh honey, you're adorable. Start doing some internet dating, and become used to the myspace angle.
Even for SFW boards, you keep a hidden porn board.   I thought this was internet 101.
True that
Follow the letters to the key. Strip it. Put the hammer back. Insert bolt. Drop hammer. Ensure hammer strut is free. Point muzzle up at 45 degrees. Insert the hammer spring assembly. Ensure that there's spring resistance when you push it closed, before latching it in
That's how it works in Florida. Written permission. Carry your letter
They're definitely intentional, but there's no reason to wildly speculate. Shit, it could even be notches so that a tie on ammo holder wouldn't slide around.   Lol.
^this
&gt;soundtrack. Riiiigggghhhttttt, that's useful.   Mother of god, this'll be a fun one.   also, asses and leather, cool.
huh. TIL
&gt;  It's like that fuckbuddy of mine who never even heard of Army of Darkness  Wut? Seriously, what's army of darkness?
Galaxy of terror is hilarious looking.   Shiiitttt, I'm gonna be binging this weekend sometime.   Holllluy shit half in the bag is funny.  &gt;is david just a total asshole?    Also, wait, these are all 80's movies, are you old?
High and tight recon is a Mohawk fwiw
tagged you as smushed penny collecting nerd
See above.
we all cool, all cool. :)
Want to be on my show?   EDIT: a 14 footer that snaps it's tail will break your shin.
Yes, actually, depending on models and pricing.
I'll just leave this here. Black guy raps in spanish ... in a country song.  https://youtu.be/OgAdpMifIfw?t=174  But, it's also G rated, so it's not 'true' rap or some cultural appropriating thing.
Yep, also, can't he just order in a gun with a local to his sister FFL as a gift and just have her pick it up and fill out the 4473?  Or is this now considered a straw purchase?
Here's your daily reminder that a black slave owner invented slavery in the united states.
you've got a foundation setup now? Coooll.   Will have to donate
10-4 gotcha. I only knew of this on arfcom :)  Thank you :)
Oh baby!
duh!!!
It kinda is though.  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2765271/Fat-friends-make-eat-MORE-You-likely-ditch-healthy-eating-goals-eating-overweight-companions.html  http://www.nytimes.com/2007/07/25/health/25iht-fat.4.6830240.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0  &gt;The answer, the researchers report, was that people were most likely to become obese when a friend became obese. That increased one's chances of becoming obese by 57 percent.
Speaking for my cousin: Innocence till proven guilty.  Even though that's currently disappearing.
FBI has a bad past, as does ATF
don't you guys have like 50-100 year bank loans on property due to this?
I was more talking about:  Ruby ridge being the entire cluster fuck that it was. WOOOO, lets kill women. Lets taunt the husband about his dead wife and son. WOOOO. Go read his testimonial to congress, google it.  Waco being the cluster fuck it was. Same FBI sniper there as well. All sorts of lies.   Lets talk about the most 'transparent administration in history' being as shady as nixon.   Lets talk about the FBI wanting congress to ban encryption, because they can't see what you're talking about. Even though Obama AND the FBI previously supported the shit out of encryption for all.  We can talk about internment camps, but that doesn't really capture the mentality of people in power NOW.
Thanks wiki bot!
I mean, we dreamed up the flying crowbar.   wikibot tell me about Supersonic Low Altitude Missile
Lol yes.
No.
yepp
