What is the special Item anyway?
Now i can't help but wonder. What happened afterwards? Did Dan bust you to Jess or did he keep silent? Did anything more serious develop between you and Lily? Just by what i've read here you seemed to be quite into each other (as in more than horny).   Is there a Volume 3 coming or do we have to buy that on amazon? Not that i would mind that much. Just asking.
Where else would the gunner and commander be o.O?
Don't forget that sexy HESH.
Then please do tell me what that magical "three"-button loads into my gun?
Go into the game, mouse over the "HE" round and read its name. It says "HESH". I can read thank you very much.  Also your tanks.gg doesn't say anything. Try selecting the prem heshround on the Cent 7/1. It's also listed as HE. The shell's name however is and stays HESH. Its just "HESH L35" instead of "HESH L37".
I wasn't talking about the Löwes DPM. I still think the idea of pref MM would make a huge difference to it. Not because of what the Löwe does to a tier 10 instead of a tier 9 but rather because of what those tanks do to the löwe. If it could never see a tier 10 the bad armor would matter less as well as the dpm just because the tanks it could face in a worst case scenario aren't as good.
I can see him teaching stuff to child emperor with his afterimage while dodging all of his attacks!
I did that with the E-75 too. Switched them to the E-50 once i unlocked it and put the E-50 guys in the E-75. If i had any intrest in the leo i would retrain one of the gals to be a light tank grill so i could fill my RU but hey too late now.
Any resident unicums that might give us a hint if it's worth 20 euros?
You can deflect the Hanzio ultimate? TIL.
Book spoiler:  In the books that had been taken care of. Petyr was planning on marrying her to a good looking cousin of robin after letting robin die in training with the royce guy. maybe they'll work that into the series in some form or another.
Also what is Mycroft Holmes doing in the Iron Bank?
Hey Ectar. Would you mind doing me a favour?  Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to find the Idiot who thought arty top of the tree was a good idea and get rid of him for good. Not just remove him from the company. Remove his existence from the face of this planet.
I guess the only reason to buy this is that it is a better crewtrainer than the slöwe. Except for the missing second loader i think?
Thanks for the quick answer!
What does having less than 5k battles have to do with being a noob?
Maybe it's like albino children? Rare but happens even if none of the parents have it?
What settlement. And what Quest? The moment i left to raze that orc settlement i got invaded by 4 full stacked greenskin armies. what the fuck am i even supposed to do to defend against that?
Oh hello Trump von Carstein.
Thought the same thing. However a gtx 1070 like i intended to get is only 30 cheaper than euro in Germany. Given that the pound is still worth slightly more than the euro means there's not much point.
Can't tell you how current the google currency exchange rate is but amazon uk sells the 1070 for 460something pounds. according to google that's 567.814845 Euros. You'd be cheaper off ordering from a german webstore where you pay 499 euros for the same card.
Arent they the closest thing to actual research there is? Also as far as i know they don't like magic very much.
I'm sorry but are we playing the same game? No matter if i angle bow on or slighty to the side every BB salvo i eat is at least 10k damage. And the moment i get spotted it seems every fucking BB is dropping whatever they are doing even turning their turrets 180 degrees just to shoot me.   Also how can a ship that everyone says is only good with islands to hide behind and teammates to spot for you be considered the strongest tier 6 cruiser?
You're fine. I see six other people in that game that shouldn't be alive. Or at least not in the game...
You weren't top tier. You were just the only Tier 9 tanks in that game as far as i understand the system.
Well Kamikaze just means godly wind. Fits the naming scheme of IJN destroyers being named after natural phenomena and so on.
Aviation gasoline is just gasoline with high octanenumbers. It's not stored under pressure or anything. High octane means it can be compressed further before combusting. That makes a pistonengine more efficient. It still burns whenever a spark hits it. But that's true for all gasoline. Diesel on the other hand is really hard to set on fire.
Well it does :D But so does every form of gasoline out there. Funnily enough the less efficient gasoline would ignite even better. That's also the reason you can't fuel your 95 octane car with 85 octane gasoline but it will take 98 octane fuel just fine.   If the octane count is too low it will ignite from the mere compression, therefore igniting too early leading to a knocking sound and decreased performance as well as more wear on the engine. High octane is fine because a sparkplug will still ignite it at the right moment.
However when a carrier does it he's giving up on other tasks he can do. Can't chase other planes or rearm the ones he's using to spot you. And if you have AA you can strike back at the carrier for doing it. It's like the argument in WoT that TD's can stealthhit you as well bla bla. The point is that, arty is completely safe from retaliation whereas the TD has to have line of sight on you. Wich means you can retaliate.   There is no way to retaliate against RDF. It's just a deus ex machina that fucks destroyers in the ass.
You are also told when you're spotted by a carrier? The only counterplay then is to either smoke up or shoot down the planes. There is no such thing for RDF. Every other way of being spotted can either be counterplayed by smoking, not firing, killing the thing spotting you, hiding behind and island or in fact is temporary (like hydro and radar) RDf is permanent and the only way to dela with it is pull back far enough (in a god damn DD) so some cruiser or BB is the closest Target to the enemy. That can hardly be considered "counterplayed".
Ahm i don't think so. You are in no way alerted to who is RDF'ing you. Also many people will run it. You can literally not 100% know if it is that cruiser 15km away RDFing you or that unspotted DD. That DD might just be unspotted 30km away. Since you get no direction indicator on the receiving end the information to be gained is insanely minimal. The only real way to counter it is run the perk yourself, wich is stupid. When they removed sit awareness in its old form from the tree and made it standard they obviously wanted to reduce must picks like that. Now they're just introducing a new one.
I laughed way too much at the one with the anime songs.
RDF won't help with any of that though. Another example of something RDF does nothing to fix.  The Benson will still stealth fire you do death and you would have already know where he was by the shell tracers.
Didn't he sleep with Magnussens assistant?
Is there any word if it will come out as an E-Book or something like that at a reduced price?
o7
Maybe they could give him some kind of special skill like the seagal?
Also even World of Warships has some humans in the port. So putting them in the garage dusting off the tracks or something definitely wouldn't change the rating.
You should do the Friedrich der Große with friedrichs verse from the epic rap battle of history.   https://youtu.be/NVbH1BVXywY?t=1m45s
Teleports behind you...
I mean World of Warships has systems like that. It makes a lot more sense for a warship with repair parties on the ship but gameplay wise it can actually work. While a light might not get as much numerical HP as a Maus it could still mean surviving one more shot during that game. If done right it could work but i'd also prefer it not being a thing.
I also don't quite get the hate. It doesn't make any sense whereas in WOWS it can be explained with damage control parties working but just from a gameplay perspective it can be made to work.
Wait a second 40 second radar? Is that longer than US radar? Whats the range on that?
Why would someone dupe you to think they're buying it for medical equipment? Like what else are you going to use it for other than geiger counters? Also i would actually agree with the gold teeth thing. Although i think there would be better ways of doing it since people don't randomly get put underground. But honestly why shouldn't we take out the gold from dead peoples teeth? They have zero use for it? Hell it could help pay for the funeral.
How would that make any sense? They should still decay and therefore start floating. Also currents would like a word.
All the other kids without their pumped up kicks?
What do you think will be better for ranked? This or the Molotov with its tier 9 guns?
LWM changed her Assessment to gudbote. She has a new post up on the degrasse.
At that least that hero had to vaguely aim not like the parkinsontreatment that goes by the name winston.
