Stats like STR and DEX hit a cap at 40, 90 is really overkill. But basically for ripostes you want to use an ultra greatsword to get heavy dmg on ripostes and guardbreak.
With low vit the best could be either menu-swapping to an UGS when you parry /guardbreak someone, though you need training to do it consistently, or using a dagger. Daggers have lower riposte/guardbreak dmg, but they have a fast backstab startup animation (the best backstab dagger at 99 dex being the Umbral Dagger, and the best for most critical attacks being the Shadow Dagger). You won't get as much dmg as with an Ultra weapon though of course.
Forlorn encounters are really random (he can invade in a lot of different areas), there's no real way to trigger their spawn, and I think they can invade you even after killing the area boss.
Alluring skulls work too
Then you aren't looking hard enough, you can switch between every covenant in the game with no problem.
wut
Retainer's robes, has good elemental resists.
Are you on PC? You could try to install OpenCities, as it will eliminate the loading time completely by making the city a part of the world.
He's still doing his duties as the Thief Guild master, doing risky thefts with the help of other members and his contacts. Nobody knows his name, but he is as influent as Maven Black-Briar, and rejected Ulfric's offer to make the Guild the spies of the new Stormcloak empire.
The thing is, if you get poisoned and do not have any moss, then you are fucked. Of course, that's your own fault for not having any, but yeah when you don't expect poison you can die pretty fast and be a bit pissed about it.  I almost never encounter poison users, so when I do I often have problems to go in my menu and use a moss.
A colored name means the guy's using cheat engine to hack stuff. Some hackers are nice, but most of them only want to annoy others by breaking all their stuff (you can go at the repair tree in Shulva to fix this quickly), or even by spawning impossible items that will probably get you softbanned (basically a ban from online where you can only play with other banned people).  Tallgeese is kinda known now on the Souls games, but he isn't a bad guy. Some people are using his name to do bad stuff though.
Actually, you can pick up items as long as you discard them right after if they aren't legit (like +15 weapons, infused weapons that you can't usually infuse and stuff like that). The problem comes if you quit the game or your save, cause then the game will check for anomalies.
yup
They are used to open the doors to the three dlcs, one after Black Gulch, second after the Old Iron King, and third in the Shrine of Winter on the way to Drangleic Castle.
Huh, you should have a new icon near your health/stam bars, and you should be able to cancel the effect at a bonfire. If that's not it, I don't know why you have this problem.
Yup, but your opponent also have that kind of problem. It affects both players, not only one of them. Of course though, connection can help or disadvantage a player.
*skyrim theme starts playing*
ahah good one
I fucking knew someone would post that, wasn't disappointed. Fear the Old Memes.
The curse pots are the ones doing this laugh btw
You sure the dead person was a follower? It could be any npc you helped in a way or another, they send you a letter of inheritance when they die.
[Greatbows are using Beach Umbrellas as ammo though](https://youtu.be/w9pW7PpypMU), makes them amazing (Edit: oh yeah eng subtitles required unless you speak italian)
Yeah, actually I've met a few people that fight back naked with their fists when they see you doing that, it's great.
Yeah, I think it's the same guy that did the music Dark Souls tribute a few weeks ago
About the multiplayer, it doesn't use your soul level but your soul memory, which you can see in the stats screen. So you have really no reason to stop leveling.  About the Pursuer, I had to fight him around 15 times my first playthrough. Leveling your adaptability helps a lot, and to get souls and to learn how to fight him you could drop a small white soapstone just before the ladder of the platform where you encounter him in the first place.
You could use a small shield
he has bosmer in his name     wait is that fur coming out of your ears
Yuuup.
You should be able to do a double sudoku to get the buff on both weapons at the same times when powertsancing them
so funny
Mages are among the easiest people to fight. The only thing that can makes them hard to fight is when they are using a shield (or if they are really good obviously).  If rolls annoy you, just get a curved sword, and run to them. When they come out of their roll, do a running attack. If they roll directly after, repeat.
The weapons and spell tools are the exact same as they were in vanilla dks2.
oooooh yeah then I get it
I mean a small curved sword like the falchion, spider silk or manikin saber, not a curved Greatwsord
take that filthy hexer     time to go say hi to shulva's pagan tree I guess
You didn't even tell us what platform you're playing on :3
The screen notification only pops up if you have enabled texture override in the settings text file, so it's normal. What works well with dsfix for your framerate is to enable the option to uncap the framerate, and then use the option to choose the framerate you want and set it to 30. It runs way better (though I have a glitch when using humanities where I can't quit the bonfire).
Dunno, at least that's what I remember from my first character in vanilla Dks2. I might've been just salty as fuck.
Nadalia was controlling him from what the devs said in the design interviews.
And a programmist!!!
Delete Dream32, it's the only way
thanks you dear mod
havel's set can't melt
thanks bot
Probably as usual only dedicated servers for matchmaking
That would be really weird as Dks2 was running fine at 60fps all the time. Though, maybe they tied some mechanics to the framerate again and will lock it to 30 on pc because of it, but that would be really dumb.
Cliff Souls?
Thanks!
An occult club isn't exaclty a queen's weapon is it?
Okay, that's cool! You'll see, they are awesome
