And 9 years after the battle of the Beanfeild, Thatcher introduced the 1994 Criminal Justice bill, completing the demonisation of hippies, ravers, youth culture and those that just dare to be different.
Ha - I'm going to up vote this as well now even though its a reply to a post that has been deleted.  All hail chaos!!
So, a family with 2 kids is going to get £440.  Does anyone know of anywhere in the UK you can rent a 3 bedroom house for £440 p/m?  As an aside, if you have a few quid, now is the time to convert your property to a B&amp;B and charge £60 per room per night to the council as emergency housing.  Your going to get a very good return for your investment...
high-quality jobs.... that are deeply involved with the international arms trade.
Thanks for the reply.  The contract / agreement is very wooly and was signed I believe by the LEA.
Thanks for the reply
:(
And if you go to any farmers market (livestock not yuppie) you can get a whole chicken for £1.00. OK its a bit fresh but if you can't prepare it you shouldn't eat it.
Really? Can I ask why it doesn't sit with you? Do you not make a mental connection between a roast chicken and a living bird or do you just see it as something from Tesco you can bung in the oven?  If it was a bad childhood experience, how do you distance your self from that and your Sunday roast?  I'm not being arsey here but do I find this interesting.  To me it seems very natural and normal (Upbringing I guess) and even my kids primary school annually raise a few pigs as a project and get them turned into sausages to flog at the school fate.  Mind you, its a very rural school and there are a lot of farmers kids there.
The thing is, as one of the most deprived and under developed parts of Europe, Cornwall gets a massive amount of funding from the EU - because the county doesn't get it from Westminster (hence being hugely deprived in the first place)  Now some would argue that if Westminster didn't have give the money to the EU, Cornwall would receive more from central government.  This is a great idea - only no one at Westmister has said they will match the EU funding, or even give any development funds at all to the county.  As far as the Cornish can see, that cash, as it has been in the past, will be diverted to the SE.
Undercover police pin down and shoot a brown person with rucksack in the head multiple times seemingly at random and in cold blood after following him onto the tube.    The CPS decide that this is acceptable behavior.  Much consternation and gnashing of teeth follows as the UK reveals its shoot to kill policy involving brown people and rucksacks.
Lots and lots of desperate people without jobs make for a good captive market.
Wasn't this discussed last year and it was decided the thing you needed most in your life was a large two handed broad sword?
I fucking knew it.
You can't leave it hanging like that... How did it go?
Sounds good.  Fingers crossed they are a Keeper.  (Just don't shown them your collection of used litmus papers yet in case you scare them off)
Descent food, workers rights, effective unions... that kind of thing  guess.
Edit - wrong post!
There are a lot of us about ;)
Marketing / brand awareness done right by "[First day of spring](http://www.fdos.nl/)" a dutch marketing company.  Pushing [Kipling](http://www.kipling.com/uk-en/) fashion bags.
I guess that it depends on what laws that country has.  Not that long ago they used to shoot people for trying to leave Eastern block counties.
Nothing wrong with a well worn growler having a molt.
&gt; Isn't there some kind of miracle drug out yet  Cocaine?
Bill the police and include a fee for the 3 weeks your car has been out of action?  That way they might at least tell you who the other driver is.
Happy Birthday!!  Have a good library.    (E for Edana?)
Very little.  I would guess that there are more than a few names at Lloyds who are senior FO staff and stakeholders at Tomas Cook.  The travel company et al will have insured against loses created by this advice being given so I cant see "Sir Twonk"  issuing a statement that is going to potentially cost him millions.
Yeah - but its the latest Conservative government that has really gone to town on the whole idea.  They are the ones rather than repealing the regulatory powers have strengthened them - and are seeking to make them stronger again.
This £13k we are paying in tax.    Does this include VAT, Fuel Duty, Import Duty and Council Tax or is it based solely on income tax?
&gt;If the UK were to put more funding into staff and software tools to track transactions and build up a profile of users, it would help banks and other private financial services to do a job they've largely taken upon themselves. Said Keatinge.   &gt; 70 transactions worth a total of $80,000 from 54 senders in 17 different countries between April and September 2014.  $80k is not going to fund a war.  $80k is chicken feed.  It might however be enough to give the Police, GCHQ and god knows who else enough of an excuse to profile the general public with say minor tax fraud if they want.  If the UK was serious about stopping funding, they need to look at controlling major sponsors - such as the house of Saud and other Middle Eastern pipelines from Kuwait and Quatar .  This however wouldn't perpetuate the destabilisation of the reign needed as a  smoke screen to protect those invested in maintaining a solid flow of wealth and oil out of the Gulf.
[shed pic](http://i.imgur.com/Fm8lKc0.jpg)  For some clients yes, others I build bespoke websites or design db's for.
Ain't no-body saying it's a lie.
And reddit gets a little more like mumsnet every...
Not Hull.  Not random enough.  How about Lagos
Enjoy Morocco
So does Wayshrines of Tamriel V2 work with followers?    (I seem to remember the first version had an issue with this)
rm -r .git  And pretend they were never there in the first place?
He got in the local rag on the front page and the head of the NHS Dental SW denied the cost of getting the treatment / costs details and got proved wrong.  The local rag then started a vendetta against NHS dentistry and a campaign to get access for all was started.  Our local MP took up the torch for a bit and things got better - only he got voted out last May.
Fair enough, my last one used to reply to everything, even if it was a quick cut and paste from the party guidelines.
I guess you have never tried to use their self assessment gateway then.  The bottleneck will be sending data to HMRC rather than your collection.  Loging on to this system sucks.  It's like they are using a dial up connection hooked up to an old 386 running server 2000.
That's rubbish :(
Ahhh...1967 was a dam fine year then.  Don't feel bad about it though - another couple of years and we hit 50.  Now that is old.
&gt; It's all OK because Saudi Arabia is helping ~~us catch~~ finance the terrorists or something.
2 or 3 meters of 30 amp cooker cable.  Poke it down and around the u-bend a few times.  Works better than a plunger for blockages.
Can you get round the sides? Bit of a bodge but just Kango a 1'-18" deep strip round the outside of the footings.  The water should permeate through the softer stuff like a french drain but you won't need to dig it out and put a pipe into it.
Is it illegal to sell non-endangered monkey heads like Baboons or Colobus monkeys?  Obviously endangered monkeys are a no-no but common monkeys?
Wow. Have a read of the comments section at the bottom.
Yes, but how would you tell if your records were excluded
Pastys and cream teas.  I rest my case.
Just bring it to the UK in a suitcase and give it to the vendor to sort out.
Ring round any local (non national) hire places and see if you can get a deal?
