Tiger cubs.
Reactions may very. Only a jackass owner/manager would expect you to drive back, but those do exist and even a reasonable manager might pressure you to get there. You are allowed to say no, however many employers don't like workers who aren't available at a moment's notice and you might very well see your hours cut the next week or even left off the schedule entirely.
tl;dr The woman is  the last scion of a once-powerful clan of street magicians. The flaming tire tried to assassinate her to lift a thousand-year curse placed by her great-great-great grandfather that prevents it from ever being put out.
The gods will not save what? OP I have to know, tell us!
Or a cat-snake.
No Cookie Monster Tully?
And cats.
Favorite scene in Dirty Dancing?
Why? You think I haven't seen my white redneck neighbors beating each other half-naked in the middle of the street at 3 AM?
Relax. We can all downvote him. Also, you for the smiley face.
[MAJOR SPOILER, seriously do not look if you don't already know what happens in the novels] (/s "There's about a 99% chance he's going to kill Jon Snow, quite possibly next week")
Maybe something like Gregory Polanco last season. Don't assume he's going to be the savior of your season and definitely don't go wild with who you drop to pick him up, especially in a shallow league.
Isn't this where we saw Brienne and Pod looking down at Moat Cailin?
IIRC, the novel was a follow-up to a comic, which also may have been a sequel to an Original Series crossover comic.
&gt;Olly'd  FTFY
It was convenient that he apparently had the foresight to warg into a piece that already had traitor carved into it.
&gt;Do people really go to their doctor and ask for brand name medication, and have the doctor prescribe it?  Yes, they do.  &gt;Won't the pharmacy just give you the generic unless the doctor writes that the name brand is required?   Generics don't exist for new medicines or reformulated old ones.  &gt;Do doctors actually just do this?   Yes. You've more than llikely been in a doctor's office when a person in business attire walks in and goes up to the counter. They're carrying a small rolling suitcase usually and a fancy tablet. The staff knows their name. They're a drug rep. Basically they exist to 'educate' doctors on the benefits and why they should prescribe thier repped medicines. They give out the branded office merchandise (pens, paper, etc) you probably have a few of lying around your house and often buy the staff and doctors lunch. Sometimes there are even sponsorships to conferences, that are nearly free vacations.   Some doctors are truly unswayed, some listen for the free samples of the medicine they can give out to patients who are otherwise unable to afford said medicine, others don't care and will do anything for a free lunch. Often the medicine does work or there is no better alternative, so it makes sense to prescribe it.   &gt;Do they only put the ads up in the time frame before a generic version is available?  Not necessarily. There are people who genuinely only believe in name-brands. Also people who have no idea a generic exists. The doctor also has an option of telling the pharmacy not to dispense a generic. Sometimes the formulation of the generic can make people sick (or think it makes them sick) - though this also works the opposite way and people think it's the brand-name giving them side effects. There can also be multiple makers distributing generics and asking for the brand name will always give you a uniform pill type. You also still see ads for Motrin, Aleve, Tylenol, Claritan, and many others despite the fact you can walk into Wal-mart and buy twice as many generic pills for half-the price, there is value in a name.
-justastronautthings
What if I told you that's irrelevant to the IMF's plan.
Quite a few story lines are. Brienne and Pod. Tyrion and Jorah. Dorne kind of happens but with mostly different characters, Jamie is elsewhere.
Serious.
Or he operates a dinosaur park that regularly goes haywire (though I suppose that's all of them - judging by the movies).
Yes, it's called Google Chrome.
Was he ordering pizza or chinese?
Why not both?
No, the goal was to be inexpensive, so they used a public domain piece. In fact all the music in the early seasons was public domain.
Central Time? What is this Soviet Russia?
It's pretty self-explanatory, but trains are substantially more fuel efficient than trucks. If you add several hundred trucks to the roads in place of a single train you're increasing congestion, emissions, demand for oil, and tax payer cost for road maintenance for the damage those additional hundreds of mllions of trucks a year will do.
&gt; Standardization was mandated by law in the North  This isn't correct. There were quite a few broad gauge railroads in the North, especially the 6-foot Erie-Atlantic &amp; Great Eastern system (stretching from the Hudson to Chicago) and several other connecting railroads. They converted to standard gauge in 1880, of their own volition, for ease of interchanging with other railroads. There were also a boat-load of narrow-guage railroads built even into the early 1900s. The Southern railroads with assorted odd-gauges were also mostly converted in the early 1880s, not during the Civil War.   The reality is standard gauge won in the USA because the first railroads were mostly built to that gauge because they needed to import locomotives from Britain. It worked out fortuitously that 4' 8.5" was an acceptable alternative between the cheap-to-build, small right-of-way narrow gauges and the smooth riding, large loadings of broad gauges, so there was never any reason to change it and eventually all the secondary systems that used odd gauges were forced, by economic necessity, to convert.
Dizzy Dean.
The mountains are odd, though not necessarily incorrect if you're envisioning the whole are between them being mountainous as well. You seem to have tried to put a mountain range at the end of every watershed, giving your mountains a chaotic look, but watersheds often end at hills or even on the flat plains. You can easily get away with eliminating a few to clean things up.   Mountains tend to occur in long chains, due to how they're formed, so I'd recommend trying to align the rest in a series of top-to-bottom (or left-to-right lines, rather than having them run jagged every which way.
Bear is a Cylon, confirmed.
/u/funny_ss with an on-topic post too asking the tough questions.
Say it ain't joe.
It appears the Dodgers just told the Future's Game to go fuck itself, I'm not reading anything into it.
&gt;Christian Muslim Atheist
Wade Boggs is not dead, how many times do we have to go over this?
Try 1944, the footage is only *scheduled* to be released next year.
Where is /u/unidan_SS when we need him?
"There are no shows like Game of Thrones. Only Game of Thrones."   If you're really desperate for more Game of Thrones, I'd highly urge you to read the novels or if you can find them the [series of Novellas] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tales_of_Dunk_and_Egg) set in the same world. They're long but aren't a hard read. the Novellas are an even easier read.  They're been a few other shows in the fantasy genre airing recently. Outlander is pretty good and just finished a first season, Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell, while I haven't watched yet, is supposed to be decent and also finishing up. Both are Guns and Sorcery rather than Sword and Sorcery.  They've been a ton of series and miniseries based on King Arthur/Camelot/Merlin over the years. Legend of the Seeker was based on a high fantasy series that was pretty popular before it's author decided to turn it into an Ayn Rand circlejerk. I haven't seen it and can't vouch for it's quality, especially since it was a small budget syndicated thing.   Pillars of the Earth and it's sequel, World Without End were both adapted as miniseries. Neither are fantasy, instead being historical dramas, though they're likely the closest you'll actually get to replicating the feel of Game of Thrones. Both are decent, though reading the books are better.   Other historical fiction shows you might like (or might not - they tend to be heavy on the love and romance angles) include The Tudors, The White Queen from the BBC, and Reign (though again I haven't seen it and can't vouch for its quality).
He's more or less in line with what he's done each of the past three years. He's just streaky, hopefully today was the start of another hot stretch.   His equivalent pitcher is probably someone ranked in the 25-30 range, but Seager is pretty unexciting and plays a rather deep position so I doubt he'll ever actually return that much.
&gt; It's like a snake eating its own tail lol.  Fun fact: Oroboros is also a racist.
Michael J Fox is not dead.
If Michael Bay did it then why is there still a body? Wouldn't it have been incinerated in the 'splosion?
Are you telling me you built a time machine out of a Ford F-350 XLT with the extended towing package?
Who?
I'm guessing it's North American from your Amtrak flair, if so you might try browsing or inquiring [here] (http://rypn.org/forums/viewforum.php?f=1&amp;sid=93a495bdf31ee19bc22c226448f4c0f2) about currently active projects. There are dozens, if not hundreds, of such projects in various stages of completion. Anything more specific on the location, even East Coast/West Coast/non-American would help immensely in narrowing it.
Yeah, they definitely made a documentary about that.
Screw telling us, I want to see the pictures.  Oh wait...
Are you seriously accusing Jesus of not being at Ted Cruz's side all the time already? You blasphemous motherfucker!
