Doing it like the meta tag and content for the color a la Chrome for Android would be great although that may take time to the dev to implement and if the adoption by the subreddits moderators isn't that high will it pay off in the end?
Tier 0 won't let us down this time the deal is wrapped up lads, cock's tip slightly visible, for now...
Wait, what?
This will be gone on 1.0, I saw updates on their repo today and it will load bigger files, a la Sublime Text (showing a indeterminate progress bar). Not sure about performance though.
Shall you be called Peter.
Nice but wow that Google developers website looks really great.
Agreed!
ex vee eye eye.
Get in touch with polymer team here: polymer.slack.com, there may be other guys who could give you some help too. You will probably learn better that way
For anyone trying to get in talk with the polymer team members, that's where you get an invite in your email.
The *Matador* instinct!
What about Just A Gent?
Oh then if you're looking for something free you should try implementing some kind of html parser, footballzz comes into mind.
Well we kind have one.
Surprised no one suggested Postman or Advanced Rest Client.
Hey could you debounce the opening of posts? There are times I click twice in pictures/gifs/posts, not sure if it matters (data usage) since the app should cache those.
Great, nice to hear!
I will see, yesterday I checked the version and and I guess it was using the latest.
Tbh Rode is quite a good player... and you still need to play him to guarantee he improves his game - big potential on him.
Nowhere is safe.
that fucking first track, have my body based Flume
he got into melodic tunes, mat zo &amp; madeon type of music quite recently, hard hitting shit was what he used to produce.
yeah with Vince Staples, prolly named 'Lose Control', it's absolutely huge!
What's going on with him? Was being lauded as one of the best right backs in the game not long ago...
GET BACK MOTHERFKIN
Barca now reaping the fruits from the Messi Cloning Program.
yayayayaya
bless u
This club's media always amazes me.
Next season, maybe.
MoTM Memphis fucking Depay!
Equal? With how ridiculous we are playing away since LvG is the manager we would probably lose the replay.
TIL there's a football club named *Bath City*.
I wasn't attempting to make a joke, we all know there are lots of controllers and customized buttons, that's why i'm asking.
This is the second Serie A match I watch this season and was absolutely thrilled!  Last minutes were so damn intense, heroics from the Sassuolo keeper but Inter didn't deserve to lose, dramatic penalty at the stoppage time.
That was hilarious.
Dude you gonna tell on his parents? Maybe Neymar can get hit wit shoe by his mom.
hm, may you consider providing some visual proof about that ass?
lmao!
Good grief, not only the naming but the duo.
Oii Pogba, you saw that?
"touchline" the new word for LvG's seat.
For fucks sake, bloody hell.
https://i.imgur.com/1snYK0U.jpg
Tommy Trash - Luv U Giv (NGHTMRE remix)  pleaaaaase 🙏🙏🙏
Cheers bot.
haha
ok bro
Yeah that's it but the one I'm talking about doesn't have it so early on the track - just like the original but it is the second in order.  edit: [yaaaas, I found it](https://www.dropbox.com/s/zcju3ajwnj8q3ri/FSS%2BLive.wav?dl=0)
can't wait to go full fanboy when RL follows up with smth like this
