Yeah man, this is really not the time to argue the difference between a pedophile and a child molester.
It's more about nicer hotels/places having the resources to react quickly to bedbugs and get rid of them before they have the chance to spread (too much).
Depends on the office. Some go Obama style and read a sample of letters/emails, many get a tally of for/against on a hot topic. Most correspondences don't reach the elected official in any way.   But that's okay. Legislative offices have evolved from the Congressperson, an advisor, and a secretary - into the modern office full of people. Everyone bitches about politicians working just to get re-elected, which is untrue to various degrees, but you can be damn sure everyone else in the Congressional office is working on behalf of their district or State. Their incentive to do a good job is to move up in the DC labrynth or to move back home with a lot of good connections.   People don't like selfish assholes, even in DC. Look at what's happening to Ted Cruz and all these colleagues coming out to say what a fuckwad he is. A Capitol Hill staffer who doesn't do a good job, and doesn't actually consider the ramifications of what they're working on in terms of who they're supposed to be working for (making the Congressperson look good to their constituents) will not be trusted with anything.   TL;DR your elected official is more like an elected office. Worry less about the one asshole at the top and consider the assholes it surrounds itself with too.
Is ING a decent bank anyway? Like, if I was looking for one to use.
Awesome. Now fight /u/knightoblivion !
RemindMe! 2 days Donatio
Yeah but after you use it can you just get a normal haircut?
It's random. Sunflower seed appears on a boss floor at a decent rate, but it's not guaranteed.
Answering my own question: yes, it does work. The book corpse might disappear from the floor you're on, but it'll eventually show up and it might be a different book corpse.
I'll also use a zero egg on a floor sometimes if the mobs are getting too hard.
Make sure youre killing the mushrooms in the right order. Also, magic vine will hit the boss for 10% of the bosses health if it hits within a few turns of a mushroom dying.
Sweet, good to know.
Yeah.
RemindMe! 2 days Donation
You're seeing that on hard?
&gt; You better belief that inspires dissent. Terrorism too.  You're right. I was only referring to American dissent in my OP. Unknown foreigners dying are less likely to bother Americans than American soldiers dying. Maybe it should be different, but that's a different conversation I guess.
You mean the alley behind the bar?
The text is full. Negotiations are over. The only thing that can be done at this stage is for countries to either ratify or reject the agreement. It's clear from your statement that you know nothing of laws or law making.
"Some people are saying, I don't know, but some people are saying. I'm just saying it could be true, we dont know, but some people are saying Trump was peed on by Russian hookers. I'm sure he's a great person, he just likes pee."  That's what you sound like. Just replace the nouns.
&gt; Meanwhile, trump signs the framework to dismantle obamacare and sucks all the oxygen away from discussion about his controversial cabinet picks.  Your overall statement might make sense if people weren't also talking about his weird speech at the CIA, the marches on Saturday, the possible impacts of his executive orders, and spent weeks discussing his cabinet picks.  It's possible to pay attention to more than one thing at a time. And the "average American" who doesn't follow politics will only see headlines anyway. 50 different headlines about different topics will be seen more than 50 of the same headline.
I mean, the thread was asking for anecdotes. None of them, positive or negative, could really be proven.
&gt; pool of potential candidates mostly comes from people with political influence  That's a bit of a tautology. People gain political influence by being active in politics, and being active in politics is a requirement to being a candidate for President. Obama is the most recent example of a non-politician running for President simply by having the shortest amount of time of being active in politics. He certainly didn't come from money or having a political family.
But how would you know they wouldn't just kill everyone anyway? Thats never specified. At least in option one you know one person will survive.
The gif is kinda grainy, but I'm pretty sure I saw a shoe come off. That means she's dead I'm afraid.
There were other mass "barbarian" migrations during the rise and height of the Roman Empire that didn't destroy it (obviously). It's more that the success of the immigrating tribes was symptomatic of Romes decline, and their inability to deal with thease tribes, than they were the cause of the decline. The straw on the camels back shouldn't be considered the major factor in breaking in. There's good arguments about how much the immigration of the tribes contributed, but I get the feeling the guy in the picture doesn't have them.
Um...donde esta la bibliotecha?
&gt; Then explain that as the focal point of the universe, you could kill yourself and destroy everything.  And this is the point where they jam you full of sedatives and keep you in a coma for the rest of your life, where they can keep you locked away in a safe location free from even accidentally falling down and breaking everyone's hip.
That's what Primitive Technology videos are for. He hasn't progressed to gunpowder though...
&gt; In every other western country,   Except Britain. And every other country that's currently flirting with aggressive nationalist parties.
And? The federal court is just suspending all entry of the Executive Order until we find out what's going on with it. The order itself might be unconstitutional in the way it's being applied. We don't know, but we have to find out and really smart people are saying we should find out.
Yes, Obama did issue an order to close Gitmo: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_Order_13492  EOs have limited power. In the case of Gitmo the executive branch didn't have enough power to fully close it.  How about you go learn something before trying to argue that Trump is a genius.
Now you get 0%.
&gt; And trump has never killed anyone.  He has, and he's gotten a US service member killed while doing it. He definitely killed 14 suspected militants and there are reports saying 10 additional women and children were killed.  Source: http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSKBN15D08J
It doesn't work like this in politics. Perception is all that matters. If the protesters think they won, then thats the narrative that the public will generally believe.   Had Trump started off with banning people, except greencard holders, then he could have held strong and stuck to the narrative of only banning potential narratives. He would look stronger by not appearing to back down and the protesters would look ineffectual.   Furthermore, the second wave of news on a subject gets less attention than the first wave. More people know that Trump banned everyone, even permanent residents, than they'll know that the policy has changed.
Why give the general public a win? In politics perception is all that matters. Trump looks weaker for backing down and the left can keep their passion and momentum going by pointing to a win. If he had a reasonable policy in the first place he could hold strong, the protesters look more irrational and ineffectual, and less middle of the road folks wouldn't have disapproved of Trump's actions in the first place.   This negotiation tactic may work in business, but it doesn't work in politics.
There is absolutely no benefit for starting at super crazy horrible. Initial news of a subject is all that the vast majority remembers. The public will barely be aware of the change in policy to a less crazy version. And public perception is all that matters in politics.   This is especially true when the Trump administration gives plenty of super crazy horrible actions to talk about.   If they're masterminds, it's more likely they're trying to bury awareness of less blatantly outrageous actions like appointing Bannon to the NSC.
There was military intelligence they had to physically pick up. I don't think anybody without a security clearance knows if it was a person, documents, hard drive, or what. Whatever they were looking for might have also not been there, which would make this a complete disaster.
Had to be intel. The other option is that there were American boots on the ground for literally no reason. It's most likely that it was heavily guarded intel.  There are very good reasons for keeping military actions classified. In this case the details are not being release because the Intel gained will be used in followup actions,  or because it was a failure and they don't want to admit it.
I appreciate the response.   Would cyber warfare fall into the category of military force? For an example, if two sovereign nations targeted government infrastructure plus corporate cyber infrastructure based in the respective countries.   You can answer from your personal perspective (or not at all, of course).
Globalists are overwhelmingly the West and usually members of upper classes. They have no interest in destroying the current order of Western superiority.
Makes sense. I was just generally curious. Thank you.
Yes he did. During the transition process he has all the access the President does. Also, most of the information is publicly available.  And again, our borders were not open. There was a process in place, and it was effective and secure.
The good old days when the Balkans were considered a threat to world stability. Glad youre here to remind us that refugees always need a place to go.
Yeah, which he did by nominating Sessions. Same as Obama did with Holder. Rarely do you fire the acting AG, or any department head, before your appointee is confirmed.
*Hessian mercenaries, not Germans. Germany wasn't a country until the late 19th century.
The dark web,the porn part of it, is ridiculously tiny compared to the publicly available porn world. So no, it is most porn that's not soul sucking.
Hey it's June now, just reminding you about the importance of mosquito nets on every corner and taco trucks in every household.
Like in this video with a huge tennis star. He just starts kissing, he doesn't even wait. Grabs him by the shoulder.  https://youtu.be/R2gzivLGWoc  The girl was laughing and let him to do it. She must have wanted him.
You have a lot of very niche subreddits. Porn niche.
Air Force 9
