He is along with Serqet, normally the 2nd jungler ban. If he is not banned Andinster or repikas will always go for him and wreck
The jungler can LITERALLY split push, if he is not at duo lane and solo in the same time to help you out immediately bm him, that'll teach him and he'll physically and mentally shape shift into repinster   While in repinster form the jungler has the ability to be everywhere yet nowhere in the same time, clear every buffs simultaneously, gank every lane simultaneously and 1v4 against opponents fed by your lanes.
Thing is if the opponent serqet plays her well against you its most likely gg to your squishies. People don't like to run this risk.
Hybrid of repikas and Andinster, arguably 2 of the best junglers at the swc earlier this year.
Isn't that the same case with Thor :p
Instead of having infinite posts on the front page about a new God being OP, consider creating a New God megathread stickied on the front page for the first week!
Wasn't here when he was released, but was he considered remotely top tier when his ult casting was static? I remember St3alth saying he stinks as a whole when he was just released and people say he's bad, is it just because he can aim his ult now that made him top tier? If so do explain why to me.
Mask was banned awhile ago, no reddit posts needed for that one. Same goes to Bushyyyyyyy(yyyy idk how many y's) of Spicy Waffles recently, no reddit post for that one too, i believe. Feel free to correct me if there is one.
That number includes sales from the SPL season ticket, BTW.
It's hard to balance casuals sometimes because some people will want to try a new God and they'll probably do bad with it. Chances are they do well with other gods and got to that mmr with it.   Then they're occasions where matchmaking really just sucks a tons of dick, and really no reason to explain it (level 30 paired with 4)
Can't link it to you cause I'm on mobile. But try googling aquila vs cloud 9 game 2.  Either choose SmitePros coverage which only includes picks and bans and the game itself or Smitevods coverage that also includes analysis, pre game and post game.
I don't know much but afaik its because it made mage solo less viable.
I'd imagine Mountain Dew adverts in the SPL, oh gosh.   "And if you guys buy a bottle of Mountain Dew you guys stand a chance to get a chest roll of our newest Recolour Chest"
"Buy 10 bottles of Coca-Cola to receive the Rascal Scooter Awilix!"
Ataraxia casts? I gotta watch that now.   Double Brit casting duo gon be good
Went back to this thread and realised that this prophecy came true. We found the chosen one guys
"Now Baczers is doing buffs, look at his slow clear, and his huge misplay for missing the wave by 2 seconds. Now we look at Bennna and his build is absolutely perfect, another wave cleared and another perfect game for Bennna, that Midguardian Mail against Chronos is an absolute stroke of genius."
No problem, forgot to mention to get a pen item if the opposition built some protections or just very tanky. Asi use to be very good for this, since it has built in Penetration, you can still use Asi, but keep in mind bloodforge offers more raw power and you may overcap attack speed with Asi.   Also idk why people would downvote you for asking a question, lol.
Rumours suggests you carved Mt. Rushmore by staring at US presidents, is it true?
On November 9th AD 143, a minion dived the Fire Giant in protest of minion ignorance by the gods. Examples includes Freezing wave and letting archer #42 take out brute #21 while Aphro taps her phone, Athena letting brute #61 die from tower shots despite obviously able to tank it herself, and most controversially, no raise for multiple minions despite their valiant efforts and success in killing enemy gods.   For a whole month minions refused to spawn and the gods were left on lane themselves to slap each other with only Level 1 abilities and no poke from minions, only source of XP being buff camps. Soon they grew tired of getting murdered and refused to spawn too, hiding behind that mysterious wall.   Soon the Minion Act of Equality was passed and multiple changes were made to minion rights. Minions now have weapons doused with fire to increase their survivability and health, though expensive. As a result rural Chinese and Bangladeshis were employed to wield normal, cheap weapons before the phoenix dies to give them gold for Blazing Weapons.
Loki shapeshifted into a horse to trick some builder and got raped by his horse. Norse Mythology isn't all that weird.   Oh and Odin liked Loki's 8 legged horse so much he rides him to the battlefield and stuff.
Pretty sure it's a pull. Similar to Poseidons but on a larger scale, and Sylvanus. It's not knockback or else Knockback immune abilities like Ares flame and Bacchus burp counters it completely
Only complaint from me is that they do stuff a bit way too slow. But really the vicious cycle in this subreddit goes like this  Make a complaint--&gt;Make another yet identical complaint 5 minutes later--&gt;Raise pitchforks--&gt;BM HiRez--&gt;Wait for a day or 6 months for the patch--&gt;Make a complaint
Goes from the brink of blackout to being sober under a minute. Bacchus showing how to be the alpha party male.
Well making a crap tons of dupe accounts for logging in to receive gems is going to exploit the community market system easily. Same case with trading skins.
Kinda fair seeing how many Pantheons see the god/goddess of the Sun as their head.
Fixed that for you
Would a new map fix the existing problems of 1v1 though? 1v1 will always be a mode dominated by ADCs or gods focused on Solo-ing, what could be done to actually fix the game mode so the mode isn't dominated by certain gods?
Xing Tian iirc was a God that suddenly saw a shit tons of play during Super Regionals. Before that he was an occasional pick in the SPL where reddit scoffs at. It would not be out of the question for a God to suddenly become the new OP God.
Never wanted to see a BM punished harder than the first guy. Who is he?
Probably is disappointed that HiRez didn't take the Wolf route with her God design. Though I can't find any Wolf depiction of Amaterasu outside of Okami.
Best of r/Smite 2016 already decided 5 days in.
Same guy who made headlines like "I will hit neymar whit shoe" and "dearth of a left back" which r/soccer ate up as a funny joke.
YE?
Serqet didn't do too well last LAN, idk if it's down to the tankier team comps lowering her burst or something. Thor however will always be a great team fight jungler, along with Batz and therefore both will forever have a place in the meta.
FUCK?
~~P&amp;B takes like, 3 minutes. A conquest game can take up to 60 mins+, not to mention setting up players for next games and stuff takes a while. 1 hour is pretty suitable.~~  Reading is hard.
Woops
No tower damage, no kills, no objectives from Isurus. Epsilon just has so much pressure on Isurus that they can't even touch the structures. Epsilon drafted for the early game and took full advantage of it.
Estimated Final Scoreboard (Assists not accurate)  ##EPSILON  Neith 1/0/10  Geb 0/0/11  Isis 6/0/4  Hun Batz 6/0/5  Bellona 1/0/8  ##ISURUS GAMING  Hou Yi 0/3/0  Khepri 0/4/0  Nox 0/3/0  Thor 0/2/0  Xing Tian 0/2/0
To whoever viewing the thread, do not forget that this thread is also made for discussion of the ongoing matches! If you have anything in your mind about a game that is currently live, do leave a comment in here!
https://i.imgur.com/ea28jfb.jpg  Avant Garde will play the loser of QG vs Fnatic.
How loud was the crowd when Night locked in Anubis?
Think Hel was banned by Fnatic ~~twice~~ and Epsilon once each.
Mmm. Usually I would list all unpicked gods at the tournament recap thread.  Here's an example: https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/3u38oc/super_regionals_day_6_and_tournament_recap/
More of because Hun Batz was already a top performing jungler before this, he was the best scoring jungler during Super Regionals.
The funny thing is this is exactly what some people on this subreddit said when XT was nerfed the first time.
Most gods are able to take down FG solo with the right build at full level.
Doesn't matter. You had pen, some health, attack speed and Warrior defense scaling, standard builds don't always do FG better than other builds.
Semis today should be waaaay better. Look forward to tomorrow's vid!
