And swearing when in pain helps you hurt less! *the more you know star flies by*
Holy crap! Those are amazing, thank you :3
Awww little snek has tent made of silly green paper! Such a bright fellow &lt;3
Plot twist: dad comes back to haunt him/her from the grave, but only to mock them more
That's pretty hilarious. I unexpectedly laughed and now my coworkers are staring at me funny XD
Tom Cruise on Family Guy: You can't catch me gay thoughts! /runs away
World of Warcraft has its own site. Its a cesspool. And many of the community sites *can* be that way.
the kid was hindering OP's ability to work somewhat, that's no good. Kids 'helping' shouldn't be making more work for people that aren't their parents/care takers/paid to deal with the mess.
Oh well in that case, theorize on XD
And to you as well, lol!
You see their boob, they give you a tattoo. Is that what your looking for?   Incase your legit asking, tit for tat is a saying that's basically like "I'll give you a thing but you also give me a different thing in return."
I see a lot of hateful comments about tumblerinas and such as that. YMMV
Blizzard made the plague as part of the Lich King launch event. They then disabled it because of this.  EDIT: I know I'm wrong, just didn't delete it b/c there's other comments now.
Its mount floofleopolis!
Its'all good /handshake
its funny to watch people's reactions to realize that.
Could he be cremated, *then* his ashes put on a boat that is burned in a lake? Or is that also a nope?
'Mom, that's not where that's supposed to go.'   Poor Leo looks understandably worried XD
Log into the firewall and block facebook, youtube, pandora, and netflicks. Watch the campus burn.
Aw kitty looks so surprised! That's adorable X3
Do you mind giving any light details? Nothing overly nsfw as this isn't labeled as such but I'm curious....
Interesting! Thank you for sharing!   Note to self: Suicide watch in prison/jail sounds 1000x worse than normal prison/jail
The grave is probably on private property so probably something something vandalizing private property?
That's amaaaazing lol.
Jokes on you, rapture happened during maintenance :&lt;
fresh, crusty sourdough bread. /drool
Right!? Looks like a mini exoskeleton. Slap that in a dark hallway and give it a jump scare, and you have my new most scary Five Nights enemy /shudders.
A place to strap down pet beds/extra stuff/groceries?
'fight' ;0
Well... this one worked out well for you XD
But what about when I scrape my knee and I need to clean it? :&lt;
I know right?
Ark + Final Fantasy VI  Open world, building, taming (but uh, shorter), crafting of Ark. Characters, story, Physical world, gear, magic, creatures of FFVI.  Tame a dragon? Sure Make a steampunk castle? Why not?  Wait! Tame a Magitek armor then run roughshod over Kefka with it? HELL YEA. (Along with the dragon, and I guess supporting party members? and whatever else is laying around the cool steampunk castle)  Or maybe the armor would be crafted from parts from killing them in the wild? Ok that part's fuzzy, lol.
Awww, maybe your cavalier is just reserved XD the new friend looks so happy though. They are both adorable little fluffy guys.
Diesel is so adorable! I love the coloring on him/her (guessing him?) and just the expression on their face.
&gt; Land of the free!   *terms and conditions apply
Nice XD
So you can go see her and throw a rock at her for us collectively, right?
Awww yeaaaaa!
Using only the finest catgut and horsehair?
Its okay, they're zombeavers, so not the same as normal beavers.
I was going to say this but you beat me to it! XD
if they know about it for months, they can save for months instead of at the last moment like they probably tend to
that implies they're independent pests that need to be dealt with, we can call exterminators for that, right?
Its okay, Leeroy brought his own!
Graaaah! Get that Dude and give me his table!
Freedom! /bounces away
Yes, yes he did :)
wibbly wobbly, timy wimy?
Oh that makes sense, thank you!
