What's your point? I pay $0.25 to get into the Met and Museum of Natural History.
Have a good day, baby cakes.
How so?
&gt; because that would require there to be a privately held industry to intervene in  Who is going to get rid of privately held industry in the first place?
The organization responsible *for defining what is and is not a psychiatric disorder*, the American Psychiatric Association, has this to say about the matter (via the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Version 5 (DSM-5 in short, I'll only use the abbreviated form from here on out):  &gt; "DSM-5 aims to avoid stigma and ensure clinical care for individuals who see and feel themselves to be a different gender than their assigned gender. It replaces the diagnostic name "Gender Identity Disorder" with "Gender Dysphoria", as well as makes other important clarifications in the criteria. It is important to note that gender non-conformity is not in itself a mental disorder. The critical element of gender dysphoria is the presence of clinically significant distress associated with the condition."  In short, the people who *literally wrote the definition* of mentally disordered, 100% reject the notion that being transgender means being mentally disordered.
There is a clear difference between rape fetishes and BDSM.
That logic rests on the assumption that anyone who gets shot by the police has committed a crime. This is false.   Also, if you look at the data for UNARMED individuals killed by the police in 2015, black people were killed at a rate 5 times higher than white people. There's more to this than just crime.   Take a gander: http://mappingpoliceviolence.org/unarmed/
Seriously, McAfee doing much more for the LP than Johnson.
WHAT THE FU
Why is this called a burqini when it's a hijab, not a burqa?
Which is only Europe...
You're reintroducing the discussion.
Booooooo
A Donald Trump supporter, nonetheless.
WHY MUST WE ALWAYS TALK ABOUT EXES?
I always wonder how much the producers and editors have an effect on who comes across as quiet. Why else would Wells have made it this far unless he had at least spoken to JoJo for a decent amount of time?
James &lt;3
Dueling Banjos?
Yes.
.
How much are you eating?!
Let's bring him back.
Never heard of that, hahaha
He just hasn't gotten much screen or personal time recently. I'm just going off of producer cues.
6*
Got some confirmation on those statistics? Any sources to back it up?
I'm glad you know me better than me. Here I was thinking I was innocently enjoying a cute picture. The horror!
I'm surprised it took her this long to leave, considering the whole Roger Ailes fiasco.
Yes.
That's clearly not what I was arguing.
What's wrong with gloves?
Yes.
American high schools often let out around 2PM.
Well, it was a slice of life film. There was definitely a resolution of sorts regarding the living situation of the kid, but Casey's character is definitely still left in with the disturbed mentality he had in the beginning. We see that he leaves himself open to remaining active in his nephew's life by getting an apartment with another room, and then as an audience we're left to wonder how their relationship will progress, and how the protagonist will, if ever, overcome his demons.   It's certainly not a closed end film.
Crime exists everywhere. El Salvador has some of the worst in their world, yes. But that doesn't define its culture from culinary, artistic, and traditional perspectives.
Probably to be "random."
Gallatin has the highest employment rate for graduates out of all NYU schools.
What's wrong with you?
How do people find out about products?
Really, *only* on /r/Republican?
Hooligans!
&gt; There are legitimate things to complain about in the prequels, like characters acting inconsistently with their established personalities, or some very poorly written lines that were also poorly read, or the fact that focus jumps around from politics to jedi stuff to Anakin being Anakin to a whole bunch of other stuff that it's hard to tell what's going on.  RLM discusses all of this.
\&gt;taking what I say 100% seriously  Do you not see my tag?
I'll tone it down, chief.
Nah, was just embarrassing to read.
True.
I could answer that, but I know that I have no good answer for it. It basically boils down to "I don't know and because other people online said it was a good buy."
You also can't make a U-turn on it if you miss an exit.
I wasn't debating you on that point.
Lol
