Does Cleveland hate their bullpen or what? 7 IP, 3 ER seemed totally reasonable. They finally get two back in the bottom of the 7th, and then they just run Kluber right back out there for the 8th in a one-run game and he can't get a fucking out.
"F. Freeman walked. F. Freeman to second on K. Jansen's fielding error"  lolwut? Did he kick the throw back from the catcher?  edit: now it says throwing error.
Off Herrera, no less. 1st one off Herrera all year.
Start one: Buxton vs Conley, J. Ramirez @ Miley.
When Leonys Martin comes off the DL, I'm going to have to make a choice....drop one of him, Buxton, J. Ramirez, or possibly Carter or McGee.
So is Leonys Martin coming off the DL today or not? It says the one rehab game they were going to give him got rained out.
Looks to me like Forsythe is starting for TB.
Trainers looking at G. Cole. Not sure what's wrong with him.  edit: He's out after 2+ IP. Nothing obvious. Carpenter singled, and then Hurdle &amp; the staff talked to him for a minute, and then he walked off. Ruh roh.
Not that I saw. We're in the dark. FSMW broadcast hasn't said anything.
Wainwright pinch hitting. My opponent has Nicasio.  edit: YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
That last dotted quarter is incorrect. It should just be a regular quarter. ablaa is correct, the whole song is definitely in 4/4.  (Speaking of which, personally I count that half as fast, so what you've got as 8ths are 16ths instead. Maybe the guitar tab has it at that tempo, but that's just how I've always heard it.)
Many, many shit-tons of walks. The top 3 single season MLB marks for walks are Bonds 2004 (232), Bonds 2002 (198), and Bonds 2001 (177). 4th on the list is Babe Ruth with 170 in 1923. Of the 232 walks in 2004, 120 were intentional, which is also a record.  Bonds also owns the all-time record for most walks with 2,558, which is just under 17% greater than #2 on the list (Henderson, 2,190).
He was basically flat-footed, too. Ridiculous.
Machado should be on here.  Nyjer Morgan was a good inclusion for this list. In 2011, he talked shit on Pujols on Twitter, [and then....](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61bqbHFymxU)
That is an 80 grade username, by the way
Apparently today is Play The Backups Day in MLB. I have five hitters with the day off.
Forget it, he's rolling
Gosh darnit
It wasn't *literally* half. [It wasn't even close to half.](https://www.nps.gov/civilwar/facts.htm)
That's the point, actually. /u/Huhsein was getting Berger and Blumenthal mixed up re: the National Archives incident.
....holy shit
Easy downvote
Boo this man
Drop the fucking puck already, for shit's sake
/thread
Huge save on JVR from point blank
&gt;the younger generation of St. Louisiana weren't into it like their parents.  The Rams went through a five-year stretch where they won 15 games in five years. AFAIK that's the all-time worst stretch by a pro team in any of the Big Four sports. That would kill fan support anywhere. They weren't even trying, because Kroenke cares more about money than winning. At one point they wanted to play three home games in one season in fucking London.  There was never a problem with support from the fans in St. Louis.
ONE   TWO  THREE
Anybody have any info on when Markov's coming back? The last Rotoworld update was on the 27th.
What? Why the fuck would you want that?
And your replacement for democracy is....?
Well, one is in this thread calling the original bribe "fake news."
Only if Bob Nightengale says we don't have a chance
Got Allen vs Ward tonight. Naturally, Allen gives up a goal in the first fucking minute
That game went completely sideways. It was 2-1 going into the third and then there were six goals in ten minutes. I'm not really sure what happened....Minnesota juggled lines and put on a ridiculous forecheck. Niederreiter-Staal-Parise was pretty good and I think Koivu was skating with Coyle and Granlund (?).
LWL has Schwartz with Perron and Berglund for the morning skate, who are probably better than Pouliot &amp; Caiggula but not overwhelmingly so. I think I like St. Louis' PP2 better than Edmonton's too, so there's that.
You're thinking of JFK Jr. [Here's the Snopes link on that.](http://www.snopes.com/jfk-senate-frontrunner/)
&gt; The senate seat she "won" was given to her.  [citation needed]  &gt; Obama gave her sos so the Clintons wouldn't challenge him quid pro quo.  [citation needed] [also that sentence doesn't make any sense if you know what quid pro quo means]
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tit_for_tat  They didn't have much of a choice.
/sunglasses  /thread
Five total bases from the first two batters of the game (Skip Schumaker WTF?!) and then almost nothing on either side for three hours.  Utley hit that high fly ball in the 8th and the fucking TBS cameraman panned waaaaaay out, like he'd hit it 600 feet....and Berkman is camped out on the track and nonchalantly waits for it to come down.
The first World Series was in 1903, and the name was accurate at the time.
Quick glance @ Wiki says Rosneft's revenue from Q4 2014 was ~$90B. Quite a lot of money indeed
Yeah, I think one of the primary objectives was to get the Western economic sanctions lifted, and Trump is absolutely boxed in on those. Members of Congress who were Russia hawks before 2016 (ie mostly Republicans) probably haven't had much of a change of heart on that front.  The more Russian intel is exposed on this, you'd think it would weaken Putin internally. It's not like Russians see eye-to-eye with each other all the time any more than any other nationality does....
Provel
His approval rating is already in the upper 30s. Historically low for a president-elect.
The [Potemkin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potemkin_village) President
Speculation about his taxes isn't going to decrease with the end of the election, just the opposite.
FBI is law enforcement and would need a specific reason to get a warrant.  The CIA isn't a law enforcement agency and doesn't ask for permission for things. If they really wanted it, I doubt IRS has the wherewithal to keep that kind of information away from the CIA.  And then there's the NSA, who knoweth all phone calls and electronic communications. Sky's the limit on what they already have on Trump.
He'll make it out of the committee, certainly. Whether he gets confirmation from the full Senate is not a given
