Owens promo was brilliant.  Cena's promo was good until Cena hit Owens with the "your words aren't fight Owens fight...your words are never give up"   Basically: just like I inspire your son, I inspire you too
Cena wasn't calling him a bitch because of some perceived physical inadequacy.  Cena is calling Owens a bitch because Owens has a problem with giving hope and believing in fairy tales
They were high on Jarret.  It didn't work out
Wasn't a reference to you.  Was reference the downvotes I'm getting for speaking the truth
Andy MacDonald and Lecavalier.  MacDonald was a terrible contract but Lecavalier is the risk you run with a guy like Dawkins.  If you pay them, and they are past their prime, it's a terrible contract that ways you down and prevents you from developing younger guys.
Macdonald definitely held back a guy like Gus (but I guess the flyers mismanaged Gus from the start).  Lecavalier definitely held back Akeson from developing
The arena will be made mostly of MCW's bricks?
Operation Shade commence
At some point you get to dap up Malik rose...so that's worth something
Cleveland really needs Kyrie.  That depth is already thin
Did I just hear tanks?
No.  For that 16 hours there was a full on question of the rebuild, though
It's said that on a lonely summer night you can hear Clips fans still saying "he'll break out this game"
Well Cleveland, half your army deserted you but you still kept on fighting.  I can appreciate that.  Fought hard as fuck until the last man.  Cheers to you.  See you next year, fam
What if we're just willing to eat contract for your first?
Which is fine.  We along with every other team is going to make sure you do it, though
And absent from A's games
We got you
http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m63za5QTnB1rrnutco1_500.gif
PG-D'Angelo Russell  SG-Jimmy Butler  SF- Robert Covington  PF - Nerlens Noel  C - Joel Embiid  6th- Dario Saric   Next year the Sixers trade their pick and OKC's pick for Butler's contract.  They have LA's 5th pick and The Heat's 12th pick
Has the shade been dispensed?
Sixers Knicks rivalry...its on bitches
Absolutely
That's my bad.  So out of their first 17 games maybe they go 5 and 12 instead of 0-17.  That brings them up to 24 wins.  30 is possible this year
The Lakers didn't want you, dude.  They took Russell instead.  They decided that he was going to rebuild their franchise, not you
6ers have to utilize that cap space
You might be getting downvoted for being a fan of both
Lavine seems happy now, or at least hides his attitude better.  19 year olds are gonna be 19.  They soon find out that not every high prospect gets to play in LA
There's nice spots in Philly.  Northern Liberties is turning into a hip spot
What about this guy, Sixers fans?
Okafor is the best scorer on his current team.  Each possession will be a feed to Okafor and let him create, whether it's taking his defender to the basket or getting double teamed and kicking it out for the assist
The Sixers had no rep to fuck up
Shhhhhh.  The Sixers had Evan Turner, Spencer Hawes to trade.  Totally on the level of Love
Shhhhhhh.
Woah woah woah.  Take it easy.  You have to enforce the narrative of him being terrible at defense
If I wanted to see people get denied I'd go with you on Friday night to the bar
"Where'd who goooooo?"   "And he's laughing at me on the radio"   "That's me dickhead"
We do collect head coaching firings rumors like Predator collected skulls.  In fact, if I could get a photoshopped predator with Hornacek, Scott, Karl and Minnesota headcoach faces, that'd be great
He's 22.  Could he be gotten with that OKC pick maybe?
That's a tough spot.  Maybe the Heat drop that far down
Hahahahahahaha   Holy shit
Okafor kept the game from getting away from the Sixers in the third.  Nerlens is out there playing excellent defense.  The two can coexist and thrive, it's just we need someone with more offensive prowess than Jerami Grant's lack of threes.  We're so close fam
Point of the tank was to acquire potential all star talent on rookie deals, get enough of that, which will in turn create a free agent destination or you'll be able to trade your young assets for a James Harden
That and we'll believe us winning the lottery if we actually win the lottery
We gonna make it, we gon make it, we gon make it
And the rest of the bulls squad are our foster family whose just being used to cash those government checks?  Because that's what it felt like:  Jimmy Butler and his foster family
We played a hell of a game.  Our guys have a great future ahead of them.  Good game Bulls.  Not much to add
DOZENS
Avicii - Seek Bromance
hahahahaha  just stay away from MCW
