Property taxes are extremely regressive, much more so than sales taxes (which aren't really regressive at all in our case, due to their many exemptions).
Since the bridge opened, they've had to tear down the old bridge, and add 2 more lanes to the new bridge. Perhaps they couldn't add the pedestrian lane until that work was finished.
You don't have to rent in a brand new building...
&gt;Libs had their chance to change things for the better, irt Aboriginal Affairs, and they also dropped the ball.  By "dropped the ball" do you mean "lost an election to Harper"?  That's the reason the Kelowna Accord got shelved.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelowna_Accord
[Quarry Rock](http://www.vancouvertrails.com/trails/quarry-rock/) could fit the bill.  Quite easy, transit accessible, and ends with a beautiful view.
What sorts of harms are you concerned about?  Regarding, let's say, a tax on absentee homeowners (who own residential property in the city but leave it vacant and unused for 11+ months per year).
That's one part of the problem, yes, and there's an inevitable inertia on that front, due to populist public opinion against rapid re-development, which the politicians can't ignore.  The other part of the problem is that we now live in a globalized world and wealthy people in developing countries want somewhere stable to park their wealth, in case their home country tries to seize assets (due to political turmoil or any other reason).  Those wealthy international investors seem to be disproportionately choosing a few particular cities around the world where they would like to do so, one of which happens to be Vancouver.  Interestingly, a British bank did a [poll](http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/almost-half-of-china-s-rich-want-to-leave-the-country-barclays-says-1.2766823) of their millionaire customers from China, and found that 47% of them plan to leave China within the next 5 years, whereas the comparable numbers for United States and Japan were 6% and 7%, for instance.
It means the event combines Vancouver stereotypes/trends in a way that basically feels like it's creating a charicature or self-parody of Vancouver. Not that that's always a bad thing...
&gt;yes, you can have a lovely plant based diet by deforesting huge swathes of land, planting crops, and raining pesticide all over the place. You have to destroy things to feed this many people. It's not debatable.  Perhaps you weren't aware, but much more crops are required to feed people with meat than with plants, since those animals have to eat many times their weight in plant-based-foods, before their death.  For every 10 pounds of plant protein fed to a cow, only approximately 1 pound of it gets converted into meat protein.  It's a lot more efficient to grow and eat plant proteins directly.
Well it was first implemented in 2008 as a $10/tonne of CO2 tax, and then it increased yearly to $15, $20, $25 and then $30/tonne, which is the rate that it is currently frozen at.  The current $30/tonne tax adds 6.7 cents to the price of a litre of gasoline, and [applies to other fuel sources as well](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A4.htm), with tax rates based on the amount of CO2 that they create.  Currently the tax applies to [70% of all of BC's emissions](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A6.htm), since it would be more difficult to apply the tax to non-fuel-related agricultural emissions or deforestation.  BC carbon tax has been billed as [revenue-neutral](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/tax_cuts.htm), because all revenue from the tax has been returned to the public in the form of [other tax cuts and grants](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A2.htm).  More specifically, the revenue has been used to reduce income taxes, reduce corporate taxes, send a tax-rebate to all low-income residents 4x a year (along with GST rebates), and provide a grant to all rural residents.  The key concept and reasoning behind the carbon tax, is that air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions are a [negative externality](http://www.economicsonline.co.uk/Market_failures/Externalities.html), which harms other parties, but will not be properly taken into account in an individual's decision-making.  This results in a market failure, where markets will over-produce goods which cause harm to people outside of the transaction (everyone other than the buyer or the seller), since the buyer and seller will be acting in their own self-interest, and not fully considering their impact on everyone else.  The carbon tax is meant to account for those external impacts, to bring an individual's private costs of polluting more in line with the full costs to society.  Here's a Globe and Mail article about BC's carbon tax: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/the-insidious-truth-about-bcs-carbon-tax-it-works/article19512237/  &gt;At the same time, it’s been extraordinarily effective in tackling the root cause of carbon pollution: the burning of fossil fuels. Since the tax came in, fuel use in B.C. has dropped by 16 per cent; in the rest of Canada, it’s risen by 3 per cent (counting all fuels covered by the tax). To put that accomplishment in perspective, Canada’s Kyoto target was a 6-per-cent reduction in 20 years. And the evidence points to the carbon tax as the major driver of these B.C. gains.  &gt;Further, while some had predicted that the tax shift would hurt the province’s economy, in fact, B.C.’s GDP has slightly outperformed the rest of Canada’s since 2008.  And here's an academic article about BC's carbon tax and Stephane Dion's carbon tax proposal, from a UBC poli-sci professor, considered from more of a political angle: http://www.standupeconomist.com/pdf/carbon/2012.Harrison.TaleofTwoTaxes.pdf  Let me know if you have any other questions, and I'll see if I have an answer.
&gt;*bikes go to where sidewalk is, and  &gt;*pedestrians either leap into False Creek and swim for it, or they build a pedestrian terraced sidewalk.  They're going to widen the bridge at the North end, so that the extra car lanes can be accommodated without bikes having to go on the sidewalk.  [This](http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/detailed-map-of-proposed-upgrades-at-burrard-pacific-intersection.pdf) diagram of the Burrard-Pacific intersection and [this](http://vancouver.ca/streets-transportation/burrard-bridge-and-pacific-street-intersection-upgrades.aspx) image will help.
Good point. I'll remove the part about property taxes from my previous post, since it was incorrect and wasn't really the key point anyway.
You're right, one sidewalk is probably enough for the *number* of pedestrians that cross, but I think the change is mostly so that fewer pedestrians will have to cross the intersections before and after walking across the bridge, since Burrard-and-Pacific is apparently the 2nd most dangerous intersection in the city, in terms of car accidents.  There's a lot going on, with a large number of cars, bicycles and pedestrians, so I think they're trying to simplify the design to reduce the chances of collisions and make it safer for all modes.   To make up for the lost car lane, they're widening the Burrard-and-Pacific intersection to have 4 car lanes there (2 straight-through and 2 right-turn lanes), since presumably that intersection would be the root source of most traffic slowdowns on the bridge.
Do you know where you'll be living?  And are you an undergrad or grad student?
Port Moody and Coquitlam combine for 160,000 people, plus Port Coquitlam, Pitt Meadows and Maple Ridge combine for another 150,000 people, and they will benefit by having closer access to Skytrain, even if it doesn't directly reach their communities.
Macleod's used book store (at Pender and Richards), since it sounds like you're into books. Or the library, of course.
And what exactly would this accomplish?
The owner of the next bike he steals will care.
They could propose market-based solutions like carbon taxes or cap-and-trade systems, which are considered a more economically efficient solution to emissions reductions than direct emissions regulations anyway.  The carbon tax revenue could be used to fund cuts to income taxes or corporate taxes, [as it has in BC, where I live](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/the-insidious-truth-about-bcs-carbon-tax-it-works/article19512237/).  Unfortunately, anyone suggesting a carbon tax would be completely unelectable in the GOP primaries in 2016, no matter how many other taxes they offer to cut, to make up for it.
Thanks.  And no, I wasn't asking sarcastically.
&gt;...This understanding offers us a fairly straightforward idea of moral progress: it means including ever more people (or beings) in the group of those whose interests are to be respected. This too is an ancient insight: Hierocles, a Stoic philosopher of the second century, describes us as being surrounded by a series of concentric circles. The innermost circle of concern surrounds our own self; the next comprises the immediate family; then follow more remote family; then, in turn, neighbours, fellow city-dwellers, countrymen and, finally, the human race as a whole. Hierocles described moral progress as ‘drawing the circles somehow toward the centre’, or moving members of outer circles to the inner ones.  &gt;**We can see the moral progress of recent centuries in these terms: we have witnessed an extension of the circle of respect and concern to various groups such as women, Jews, non-whites or homosexuals. And in these terms, we have come a long way. But it is equally clear that there is room for improvement. Part of imagining what our great-grandchildren will condemn us for is therefore imagining how the circle might widen further.**  &gt;...  &gt;**We can also turn our question around and ask, what will our great-grandchildren admire us for? When we look back, we admire those who courageously challenged the norms of their day, such people as Gandhi or the Suffragettes, Martin Luther King or Nelson Mandela; people who widened the circle of moral concern. We have the chance to do that, too. And if we manage, then perhaps our great-grandchildren will forgive us our sins.**  This article is not Canada-specific, but I think it offers a lot of compelling ideas for us to consider, and it raises questions that force us to step back and consider the implications of our society's practices from a distance.  For the sake of sparking conversation, I'll post a passage of each of the main ideas separately here, since they're each worthy of their own discussion.
&gt;1) Rights for future generations. Currently, only people alive now can claim rights. But just as we have extended our circle of moral concern among the living, so it can be extended in time. The problem is clear: we often make decisions that will have impacts on people far into the future – such as producing nuclear waste that will remain toxic for millions of years – yet those future people are not here to stand up for themselves. Neither defining nor granting these rights will be easy. But there are precedents on which we can draw, such as the ways we protect the rights of small children or animals, who also cannot speak for themselves.  &gt;So our successors will have to be imaginative in creating a framework robust enough to defend the unborn in the face of the interests of those alive today, with which they often conflict. For we should be under no illusions: to take the rights of future generations seriously would involve massive restrictions on our freedom of action. Currently, we despoil the earth and seas with impunity to enjoy a luxurious lifestyle (by historical standards). In 100 years, this will be seen as wickedness comparable to colonial powers despoiling their colonies. Though our successors will be appalled by our consumerism, we will not find it easy to adjust to more modest ways.
&gt;2) Rights for other conscious beings. This too is a plausible extension of the circle of moral concern, and one that is already underway. It is no longer in doubt that non‑human animals feel pain and indeed many more complex emotions too. They therefore clearly have interests, such as to run free, or pursue social interactions appropriate for their species. To take account of the interests only of humans and not of other animals is therefore increasingly regarded as speciesism – an unjustified discrimination akin to racism or sexism.  &gt;The situation for other species is apocalyptic: humans have never raised so many animals for slaughter – five times as many today as in 1950 – while our impact on the environment is causing other species to become extinct a thousand times faster than normal. There will be many difficult decisions ahead as we try to balance human interests against those of other creatures, or the interests of individual animals against the species or the ecosystem. But our descendants will not excuse us for failing to make these decisions just because they are difficult. More likely, they will curse us for killing all the rhinos, and find our consumption of factory‑farmed sausages as morally repulsive as we now find cannibalism.  &gt;As soon as our computers become conscious – and they will – then this extension of concern will apply to them, too.
&gt;3) Opening the floodgates. The widening of the circle of moral concern means that employers in the US, for example, can no longer refuse someone a job because he is black or white, Jewish or atheist, disabled or dyslexic – but they can if the applicant is not American. The same applies in most other nations: states can withhold rights and services, and employers can (or even must) withhold jobs just because of the passport someone carries. In 100 years, people might be impressed at today’s levels of welfare and prosperity in the industrialised world, but appalled that access to them depends on the lottery of whether you were born in London or Lagos.  &gt;In a world rapidly growing together, this is bound to change. Of course, there will be a great deal of resistance, as there is already to immigration in many wealthy countries. People do not give up their privileges lightly. And it will have its price: strong welfare systems depend on a sense of moral community that could easily be threatened by more migration.  &gt;This is closely related to the point that everyone should have the same rights to healthcare, welfare, etc, not just regardless of where they come from, but also regardless of where they are. In other words, we should be doing everything we can to alleviate suffering everywhere. This poses further challenges: influencing conditions in other countries is not so easy as within one’s own borders. Effective action will require nations to give up more of their sovereignty to supranational unions. This too will face fierce resistance. But eventually our descendants will regard themselves as global citizens – and will be appalled that we let 19,000 children every day die from preventable, poverty-related causes.
&gt;4) Healing criminals. At the moment, we lock up extraordinarily large numbers of people. In the US alone, two million humans are in prison, ruining not only their lives, but also making their dependents and communities suffer too. But in 100 years, no one will believe we have an absolutely free will and therefore that anyone chooses to be a criminal. Indeed, there is evidence that we lock up those who are least responsible for their decisions – those with the least capacity for self-control, those who suffer from addictions, or who are mentally ill. In the UK, for example, more than 70 per cent of those in prison have two or more mental-health disorders; in the US, more than three times as many people with serious mental illnesses are in prisons than are in hospitals.  &gt;We will not find it easy to decide whom to treat, how radically and when; nor to extend understanding and sympathy to those who have committed the worst of crimes. But our great-grandchildren will be appalled at how we locked up millions of people when we should instead have been helping them.
&gt;Seriously every couple of days he was spreading some bs that was debunked every time.  "Vancouver is going to permanently shut down the Lions Gate Bridge!!!!!"  Sure, that story got debunked the next day.  But the eye-catching headline always gets more attention than the debunking, and it does the intended job of leaving some voters feeling outraged and afraid of the "war on the car".
No problem!  Are you completely new to Vancouver then?  By the way, here is a cycling map of Vancouver: http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/map-cycling-vancouver.pdf  And you can see some transit maps here: http://www.translink.ca/en/Schedules-and-Maps/Transit-System-Maps.aspx  And if you aren't aware, Vancouver's transit system consists mainly of buses and a Skytrain system, which has 3 lines: the Canada Line, the Expo Line, and the Millennium Line.
Chinatown is in the northeast part of downtown, mostly along Pender and Keefer.
What superficial reasons are cabinet ministers going to be chosen for?
Harper refused to participate in the broadcaster consortium's standard debate that usually occurs during the middle of the election campaign (which attracted over 10 million viewers last time).  He basically says that he will only participate in debates hosted by other media groups, so this is the first of those alternative debates.  http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/harper-agrees-to-take-part-in-foreign-policy-debate/article24542803/
Haha it sure was!
And those memories are irrelevant to the present issue, since Broadway isn't being done as cut-and-cover.
&gt;As long as you can refuse to register.  I'm just curious, but why?  Is there any downside to being registered to vote?
Well they've said it would be an extension of the Millennium Line (which currently ends abruptly at VCC-Clark, just east of Central Broadway), so sticking with Skytrain technology is the only thing that makes any sense here, and they seem to recognize that.
Well they're counting by hand, so I believe they said to expect the results by late June.
&gt; They physically cannot add more rail lines or cars at this point  I actually just saw on CBC's The National a couple days ago that London is in the middle of a $40 billion rail transit expansion, and are currently tunneling 40km of new subways.  https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Crossrail
In other words, the gun ownership rate is about 3x higher in the US.
Shockingly yes, [according to Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country), there's about 0.88 per person in the USA.  And this website suggests there's about 300 million in total: http://www.gunfaq.org/2013/03/how-many-guns-in-the-united-states/  &gt;Based on consolidated information from the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, there are about 300 millions guns in the United States.  &gt;“There’s no perfect estimate of firearms in the U.S. because creating a national registry of firearms is prohibited by federal law,” noted Alex Katz, a spokesman for Mayors Against Illegal Guns. “But academics and interest groups across the political spectrum broadly agree on the 300 million figure.”  &gt;New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s Mayors Against Illegal Guns coalition also quotes the figure, as does the National Rifle Association (NRA).  &gt;“The number of privately owned guns in the U.S. is at an all-time high, upwards of 300 million, and now rises by about 10 million per year,” said the NRA’s Institute for Legislative Action in a firearms safety fact sheet released Jan. 17, 2013.  &gt;A November 2012 report titled “Gun Control Legislation” from the Congressional Research Service also supports that number, though ranks it a bit higher.  &gt;As of 2009, the report states, “the estimated total number of firearms available to civilians in the United States had increased to approximately 310 million: 114 million handguns, 110 million rifles, and 86 million shotguns.”
What do you mean by elitist?
&gt;Firms and states will just pay the extra taxes because fossil fuels are such a cheap source of energy that it is still profitable.  That's the whole point of the carbon tax: polluting becomes less profitable, which thus makes it more profitable to use less energy, or use it more efficiently, or use forms of energy that create less pollution.
Heads up to my fellow renters and anyone else who has changed address in the past few years: if your driver's license (or other photo ID) won't show your current address on election day in October, then you'll also need to bring a utilities bill or something that you can use to prove you live at an address in that riding.  You can no longer use a voter ID card to prove your address.  &gt;The controversial Fair Elections Act the Conservative government introduced last year did away with the practice of vouching, which allowed someone with required identification to vouch for someone who did not at a polling station on the day of the vote.  &gt;The legislation also removed the ability to use a voter identification card as a way to prove where one lives.  &gt;...  &gt;**Elections Canada is reminding voters there are three ways to prove identity: show one piece of government-issued identification with your photo, name and current address; show one piece of identification with your name and a second one with both your name and address; or, show two pieces of identification with your name and have someone you know attest to your identity.**
&gt;If you're moving within B.C, you need to change the address on your driver licence within 10 days according to ICBC.  Thanks, I'll have to look into that.  &gt;But none of that matters: You will certainly be able to vote on election day, and suggesting otherwise is just ignorant fear-mongering.  &gt;Worst case scenario: You continue to refuse to update your government issued ID with your current address, and then show up at a polling station without any documentation to establish your eligibility to vote. Elections Canada will have you complete a declaration where you state your name and address, then your ballot goes into a sealed envelope and is only counted after your eligibility to vote is confirmed. If it turns out you are not who you say you are, or you do not live where you say you live, your ballot will be disregarded and you could face charges under the Elections Act.  I haven't heard of that before, but I hope it's true.  &gt;I know, I know. It is the end of democracy.  If you say so.  I never suggested any such thing.
Unless it's not one of the main pollutants that cars create.
Sales tax is about as stable as it gets, as the revenue doesn't fluctuate too much during recessions, compared to income taxes or corporate taxes. What type of tax do you think would be more stable?
Gas tax revenues are declining, while the population is increasing.  That means there will be less transit coverage per person, so without new funding to buy more buses, they'll have to move buses from low-ridership routes (mostly in the outer suburbs) to high-ridership routes where the buses are full (mostly in urban areas), in order to save money.  Having more revenue would allow them to maintain or even increase service on the less-profitable routes in places like Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley, etc., as well as increasing service on high-ridership routes.  The allocation of buses would no longer be a zero-sum game, since they could buy 400 new buses.  [Here's a map showing the cost-per-passenger of every bus route in the region.](http://movingforward.discoursemedia.org/cost-of-bus-data/)
With the caveat:  &gt; But within certain principles we’re following, and certain service levels we want to maintain.”  So yes, it sounds like they will continue to look at which routes are under-performing, and whether they should be reduced and replaced with more service on better-performing routes, or new routes.  And perhaps that will mean less service on certain routes in the outer suburbs.  But of course, Translink's most vocal critics have always been whining that they should be more "efficient" with the money they have, and this is what that looks like.  Would you be happy if they stopped trying to optimize their routes and find inefficiencies, and stopping evaluating which ones are worth the cost?
&gt;True but Harper was very good at operating a minority government. His first few years were all minority governments.  That is true, but he had the advantage of a strong Bloc Quebecois, which prevented him from being outnumbered by the Liberals + NDP.  The Liberals and NDP would have had to gain the support of the Bloc if they wanted to govern, and balancing the interests of 3 parties would be too difficult.  If the 2015 election results in the Liberals + NDP holding more than half of the seats, it's very possible they could make an arrangement where one of them will govern with the conditional support of the other.
Trudeau has stated he supports increasing Canada's contribution to training Iraqi and Kurdish troops that are fighting against ISIS.
&gt; Liberal gov: The NDP better whip this vote because with out them our backbenchers are going to sink this thing &gt; Passes by 25 votes  [The NDP cast 17 votes in favour of it, and 1 vote against it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_38th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage)  They could have all stayed home, and it still would have passed, with the support of most Liberals and Bloc members.
Here is how the Conservative Party MPs voted on this issue:  In 2005, [3 Conservatives voted in favour of recognizing same-sex marriages and 93 Conservatives voted against it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_38th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage)  Then in 2006, after Harper came to office, [110 Conservatives voted to ban gay marriage, and just 13 Conservatives voted against banning same-sex marriage.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_39th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage)
