except Labour and the Lib dems did it too
the parrot must think the owner is really dumb notto know what a banana is
I know why
is there anything else you want to tell us?
you are subscrided to mizspelt factz  haf yu hurd of zogmarsh? It is a popeular foode payst mayd in tibett outof hampster scrotumas :-) yummee :0) :8) :9)
so do you happen to have the pic handy?
[this](http://i.imgur.com/I8eaLIo.png)
no.
ptkd
almost all audition panels see voice as a yes or no issue - ie can they get through it- they choose based on other factors. don't be fooled by the lip service they may pay there is active hostility to singers whose voices and singing might be exciting enough to distrct people from the producer's latest gimmick (until they are stars who will bring people in/ carry prestige)
yeah this is great- someone should start a sub about trees for this kind of stuff
DELINQUENT DETECTED!!!  REDDIT MISCREANT DETECTION SYSTEM ACTIVATED!!!
wot did it taste lyke?
good they picked a fish we eat this time.  but I was wrong anyway it's just his name -    https://www.theguardian.com/film/2016/may/19/finding-nemo-dory-pixar-could-damage-tropical-fish-populations
Doodlefart Wilburforce Macgregor VI
pizza guy just wanted to get paid...
what was so special about that rocking chair?
lol- Zac goldsmith a major proponent of that idea...
it's happening again, oh god! what should I do?!
and possibly in the sink :-)
POOOOOOOPPP!!!!!! POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPP!!!! POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP!! POOPP POOPP POOOPPP POOPP POOOPPP POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPP!!!!!
nah he's actually related to auntie Flo
what?
more like beet as in sugar beet actually, or beetroot
why no ethanol left?
I'm talking about French French, not Terrence and Phillip French
looks like prince phillip
do you tell her Santa Claus isn't real?
how do I know *you're* not a Markov chain?
yes it is ?!?!?
what is QB?
ok, so did jack plant it on him or something? I can't fill in the blanks, sorry  edit: ok whoever down-voting, glad it was obvious to you
thanks
why do you choose https://www.reddit.com/user/bGFzZXJraXdp ?
'trusting, trustworthy though he may be
someone should photoshop a wizard battle
by more or by less than before?
maybe a little sheep's urine for the pH?
but that just adds to the trophy value, no?
also leave it in the sun to ferment every other 24 hours during that time, to add tang, we can reuse the scum for another dish
he's providing a karma-worthy service by gifivising it
so what is your cat trained to do with that as a reward?!
the first generation of humans in the simulation presumably had *simulated parents* that were actually programmes.
calling u/fuckswithducks
be sure only to say this if you are certain of your promotion, lest you run the risk of unpleasant discord in your sporting team
please see reply to the other similar comment
your welcome
thanks, Kahl
thanks, Kahl
lol trollin' me back
