I biked by it yesterday on Damen at around 8:30 and crews from Walsh were still out there cramming for that deadline.  I imagine that they've really been dragging their feet in getting it done.
That truck is carrying doors that Menard's sells, and there's a Menard's maybe 1/2 mile away from that location.  He was so close...
Salvation Army is out in full force today, it seems.  I saw them all over the loop this morning.
Coolest tidbit of information I've seen today, thanks!
What kind of car does she drive?
The Berghoff Cafe is right around the corner.  Their lunch spot, which is in the basement, is the same as upstairs but cheaper during their lunch hour.  Everything is delicious.
You can contact Don Baumgartner at the Chicago EPA office with questions about this.  [Here is the enforcement and compliance assistance page](http://www.epa.gov/region5/pesticides/compliance_assistance.html).  I imagine it is enforceable under FIFRA (Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act), but whether or not it is federally enforceable or delegated to the states is what I'm unsure about.  When it comes to enforcement and inspections this region doesn't mess around, so the turn around to get an inspector out by you would be pretty short.
&gt; Wicker Park 6 corner   Are you *trying* to start a fight?
&gt; our park  So I don't know much about this, but do property taxes or other taxes and revenue from neighborhood/ward specific sources go to parks only in those neighborhoods, or are parks funded from the entire city?  In other words, am I paying for Humboldt Park just the same as residents in those neighborhoods?
The northside is a big place, and I alone could name like 12 all over it.  What neighborhoods would you prefer?  On The Route in Lincoln Square is a great place, as is Village Cycle near Old Town.  Looking for smaller urban shops?  Comrade is a go to place for a lot of people, and I like popping into Let's Roast for quick fixes as well.
Post to /r/milwaukee as well, I'm sure you'll get more of a response.
There's also a 19.5% ABV version out there.  Tastes just the same, and only something you should do once.
A star wars character, if I recall correctly.
That shouldn't even be surprising.  I see those as often as I see the stock iPhone looking headphones on the train every morning.
How is that relevant.
Someone made mention of that very thing regarding the Kentucky Governor yesterday.  Edit: [Never mind it was 3 days ago](https://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3z5ffh/kentuckys_governor_looks_to_be_aimed_at_making/cyjgwsi)
Well DNAInfo is constantly siphoning stories from this sub, so hopefully you posting this will give this group some attention that they deserve once those reporters and writers log in.
OH WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK.
This thing goes so deep.  That incident in Afghanistan yesterday?  Special Ops going in to silence the Taliban and their involvement in the cover up.
She's had a pretty good record speaking out for an increase in pay for teachers only to have them be laid off months later.  Failed her job of protecting teachers during the school closings, never proposed reasonable alternatives to the city, and consistently is ignoring the real economic issues that face the city and CPS while demanding more.  The biggest reason why people have such a disdain for CPS is because of CTU and Karen Lewis.
How do you think TSCA places the burden of proof on EPA?  When it comes to PCBs, lead, and asbestos, anyone who wants to operate as a handler of sorts of those items or owns something that contains it has to follow quite a bit of rules pertaining to it.  I mean just getting a permit to operate as a PCB treatment, storage, or disposal facility is quite a long and daunting process and nobody wants to go through with it.
During the great mod exodus of 2014, the guy who ran the flairbot stopped supporting it so everyone's flair went away.  Afterwards flairs were enabled so that anyone could type anything as their flair so we had like 40 mayors.  When the new mods were selected they updated their available flairs but I had already typed in Ravenswood when it was a free for all so I got to keep it.  They went with community areas rather than neighborhoods since they are permanent (and neighborhoods are subjective), so that's what you are stuck with.
There's currently an /r/askreddit thread about this with loads of potential questions.
/r/legaladvice   This seems like it might go beyond the scope of this sub.  Someone dispersed a loan amount to some company, and they accepted it.  If your campus did not accept it, then there is something else going on.  Can you have Sallie Mae provide proof that they paid the loan and to whom?  Did they pay it to the wrong company, or did you have them disperse it to the wrong office/campus location?
What was it like buying at that time?  Wasn't there are pretty short time period between peaks in housing prices?  I've read there were two peaks in the 70's which was pretty uncharacteristic of trends.
This is one of my more favorite /r/chicago troll accounts.
EPA was looking for authority to override the local governments' decision to make the switch without having the right treatment in place.  By the time the region received a response the switch had already been done, along with the damage.  State's rights, after all lmfao.
Lol um no.  This would be considered a nonpoint source of water pollution.  Under these circumstances federal enforcers cannot typically override decisions of the state.  This is one of the places where federal regs are weak.  Only state and local governments have a hand in shaping how federal laws are put in effect in instances like these.  All the EPA can do is enforce the regs in a reactionary way.  The onus is on the states and municipalities to comply with them.
The president has little authority over individual states outside of signing federal law.  Per the Constitution.  The onus is on the state and its agencies to actually follow the law.
Another example: AK Steel was the world's leading supplier of electrical steel until they hired a guy from China.  He had worked there (I think at their Zanesville, OH facility) for a few months learning how it was made.  When he finally learned enough he stopped showing up.  The company did a pretty intensive investigation to see where he ended up, and learned he went back to China.  Years later their biggest competitor with that type of steel is the very company this Chinese dude went back to.  And there is nothing they can do about it.  They files DoJ complaints up the wall, but to no avail.
I bet you could sell this to the Wolf Point people so they can put it on their website to advertise.
Even the ones who do come up here often only do so for a few years because this is where the money is and resume buffers are.  As far as civil engineering goes, we've got CH2M, MWH Global, AECOM (sorta), Thornton Tomasetti, Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, and the list goes on.  Spend a few years at these places, which recruit heavily from UIUC, and you can move back to Anytown, USA and set yourself up for life.
Yup nothing there either.
Holy...Where is this?  George Washington U?
Glad to see that /r/TrueReddit has become another echochamber of /r/politics.  Whatever happened to that rule where you needed to submit a submission statement along with the article?
That reminds me of [this guy](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/help-my-short-position-got-crushed-and-now-i-owe-e-trade-10644556-2015-11-19).  Everyone called him an idiot, which was pretty justifiable, but had Shkreli not stepped in Campbell would have made bank since KBIO completely dropped out for a good month after M.S. got arrested (which it was doing before M.S. stepped in).  People would have hailed him as a genius for timing the market so well.
This read like a puzzle in Zelda.  Or finding the Regis in Pokemon.
OP: I'm not interested in hearing about "climate change isn't real" or "it's overblown", or whatever it is.   ITT: "climate change isn't real", "it's overblown"   It's like a HuffPo comment section in here.
Oh man, I'm sure there will be people hurling feces all over the place over this.  Downstate blaming Chicago and the budget, Exelon blaming Springfield, Rauner blaming Madigan and vice versa, etc.  Wonder how long before someone blames Obama.  Fun times.
This is how it typically works in a MRF (materials recovery facility).  There are magnets and sensors galore that will separate out what can be detected/recycled/analyzed from that which can't, and as you go down the assembly line you start to find less and less that belongs in a dump.  There are usually workers stationed along side it who remove things that can clog machinery or that experience tells them won't pass the test (like pizza boxes).  What happens in Chicago?  Who the fuck knows.  Economics is what I imagine they argue, but lets not pretend City Hall and their contractors are the bastion of sound economic thinking.
Some haulers do this, like Flood Brothers, but they likely have their own facility that allows them to sort properly.  If you live in a larger complex you aren't using city haulers but an independent one.
What kind of camera?  I can zoom in for days and read almost all the lettering.
It depends on your people skills really.  On the client side you will be dealing with regulators and professions of all kinds and you'll need to have a good grasp of the different subjects they'll be interested in.  You'll then have to be able to match that with the client's interests while also appeasing the regulators too, which will be shrouded in legal frameworks on top of the technical ones.  It's interesting and though not as technical as many engineers would like, it's complex in its own right.  If you prefer technical work you may not enjoy it so much as it will be boring, but if you like a mix then I would say to consider it.
They played deadbolt at Riot Fest Chicago last year and everyone was singing along.  So glad they're back.
Yea people are crowded around taking pictures right now and they don't seem annoyed.
Globe Pub.  Get there now.
Try [Gompers Park!](http://www.chicagoparkdistrict.com/parks/gompers-park/gompers-park-pool/)
Plenty of parks and golf courses are built on old hazardous waste landfills, so just having contaminated fill is no biggie.
10 days with kids right off Michigan?  You have access to the coolest parks and museums.  Maggie Daley Park is right there, and the museums are very easy to access where you are.  Wednesdays and Saturdays have free fireworks off of Navy Pier, and also the Children's Museum at Navy Pier.  Think about getting a sitter for 1 or 2 nights and check out the neighborhoods too.
What a fall.  50 years ago it was a huge shopping district, and now this.  I wonder if other hot neighborhoods of today will see the same fate in 50 years.
