If allowed by the car loan provider, I would also pay down the loan right away. It will probably save you on interest.   Alternatively: an FDIC or NCUA insured savings account.
A 401k is not an IRA. Is the money in a 401k or in an IRA?
If both debts have roughly a 18% interest rate, then reducing that to 12% would be great (if there were no other fees for the consolidation process).   If you have debts with very different interest rates, and the new rate you get after consolidation is the weighted average of the old ones, then consolidating probably increases the total amount of interest that you'll pay (consolidation can then still be a bit useful to make loans easier to manage, especially if you can consolidate 5+ different loans into one).   Why you'll pay more interest? Imagine that you have $1k at 18% interest rate and $1k at 6% interest rate, and they offer you a consolidation rate with 12% interest rate. That's the weighted average, so that seems fair. But what that does, is that you lose the ability to first focus on the $1k at the 18% interest rate, and then be only left with a remaining balance at a much lower interest. Instead, you'll pay 12% during the whole duration of the pay-off process.
Definitely check out the links that the AutoModerator provided.   If you do not have any late payments or delinquent or defaulted debts, then your utilization rate currently is killing you. This will improve quickly once you reduce your debt load. Your new debt load is reported within a month, and then the credit score also changes to reflect the new utilization rate (debts divided by total possible debt). So you should see an increase of your score within a few weeks, every time you improve that utilization rate.
Then your current high utilization rate is influencing your score big-time. And that will improve soon after you start paying down your debts.   By the way - have you checked your credit report recently? You can get a free credit report in Canada, I believe; don't know how exactly. You could check it to make sure there are no errors on it.
No, the markets don't average out every year to 6-8% returns. They do so over the years, and over many, many years. There are years with significantly higher returns (like 2014), and years with lower returns (like 2015). It's normal.  The S&amp;P500 returned 1.2% for the year (included reinvested dividends), so your personal return seems similar to that.   You should check out the 401(k) fund selection guide to make sure you have selected the right funds.
&gt; This fund has performed quite well over the past three years, averaging at about 12%.   Over the past three years, Vanguard's S&amp;P500 fund returned 52% total, or roughly 15% per year. No front load, and an expense ratio of &lt;0.2% or so.
Index funds are good. But target date funds often consist of different index funds. (Check the ones that your 401k will offer).  What is withheld, and what you really owe in taxes, are two different things. So probably when you file your tax return, you'll get a refund because the company withheld too much on that bonus check. That often happens with a bonus check. I would check out the [W-4-calculator](https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/IRS-Withholding-Calculator) by the IRS to see if you should change your W-4-form to get less withheld in 2016 (on all of your paychecks).
1. small emergency fund, say $1k to $2k 2. pay off any debts with interest rates over 4-5% 3. if you get a match on your 457 from your employer, put in enough money to get the match (nothing more until step 4 is completed) 4. increase size of emergency fund to 6 months of expenses  Actually, this is in the FAQ, see [How to handle $](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics)
"Deferred" means that you don't have to make payments right now. It doesn't mean that no interest is added to the balance. Go find out what exact status your debts have!
You're a smart noob. And you're absolutely right.
Who knows. No way to predict that right now. In the long run, the difference between investing only in January 2016 or 1/12th of that amount every month of 2016 is probably going to be small anyway.  If you had invested in the S&amp;P500 in January 1976, 40 years ago, it was at 97 points. During the year 1976, values were between 97 and 105, for a more than 5% difference, but of course, current values are around 2000, so currently, you would say the person who bought for 97 in January 1976 made roughly just as much of a profit as the person who bought for 105 in summer 1976.
Ouch, for the interest rate for the bank loan. Then I would definitely pay back the student loan slowly and accumulate some savings so that you may not have to use the bank line of credit.
Dear God, no!!  *You* build up your credit score by getting a student credit card or a secured credit card, and always paying the credit card bill in full before the due date. Thus, you will pay exactly $0 in interest and still see a nice improvement of your score over time. Check out [the FAQ on building your credit score](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building#wiki_i_have_no_credit.2C_and_i_am_looking_to_get_started.).  *Your parents* can finance their $45k car (what are they buying? A golden car?) with their own credit scores and their own money.
Yeah, but then the postman can't get the anti-theft box off, and everybody comes looking why their mail isn't arriving. ;-)
Definitely.
Is your father still capable of doing his own financial stuff? If not, there are legal ways to make someone else power of attorney, I believe it's called.
Except that apparently everyone is also spending a lot of money on travel and hotel rooms, which the travel companies will say "thank you" for, but they will not split their profits with you.
Nice :-)
Alcohol. That's alcohol.
Congrats, sounds good. Good luck on the book!
Glad to see that afroamerican plumbers are growing their wealth, too!
These types of health insurance, with a high deductible, are not there to help you pay for your insuline, they exist to help you out if you for example get into a car accident with pretty severe trauma, or suddenly need surgery for appendicitis, stuff like that. In short, these types of insurances are there to help you recover from what can be a catastrophic hospital bill.  Now you can decide to not take one and hope that you won't have anything like that happen to you until February, or you can decide that you'd rather pay the premium for a month to insure you from these kind of risks (chances are small, but *if* it happens, you're toast).   I hope that your work health care plan is a better deal for you! Lower deductible and low(ish) premium!
You could see it like this: During the year you're getting a 0% loan from your state. You have to pay that back at tax time, and you have no trouble doing so.   You also seem to have a lot of savings (or you wouldn't have to pay that much capital gains on the 1% interest you earned), so that's another thing that you've got going for you. (PS I assume that you also have some money in tax-friendly retirement accounts?).
You might want to post this in a separate thread to have it get more attention. If so, please also give numbers (income earned for both jobs, amount of deduction you can claim for your independent contractor job).
Maybe add something about how your refund may be big if you have only worked for a few months last year...
Except when you're the one giving them bad news. Then maybe don't smile.
Looks like it. Try to make as sure as is possible that the car is good. Try to negotiate on the price. Make sure you are allowed to pay off the loan early (and do so). Good luck!
Colombia too and some people in Surinam got infected too.
True, very true.
In the Netherlands, parents used to warn their daughters against premarital sex with: "Don't give him the milk for free, because if you do, why would he buy the cow?". (Dutch: 'Waarom zou je de koe kopen als je de melk gratis kunt krijgen?')
I've seen people believing that if you die an old person (with artritis etc), you will be reborn in heaven with a rejuvenated body. So basically you turn 30 again.
Check out the [Fair Debt Collection Practices Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_Debt_Collection_Practices_Act) (under prohibited conduct); I'm fairly sure that what they did was illegal and you can report them for it.
You're in the wrong thread :-)   There is a daily "small questions" thread, but it's not this one.
Well done, finding that new job!
Nice. Good choices and well done!
Use the W-4 calculator from the IRS website!
Also, apparently, there is too much money withheld from your mother with each paycheck for taxes. That is the money that is refunded to her every year with the tax refund. Your mother can file a W-4 form with the company she works for, and then they will change her withholding and she gets a bit more money with every paycheck. (The IRS has a W-4 calculator on their website which tells your mother which number to put in on the form, to get the right amount of withholding). Note: changing the W-4 and getting more money per paycheck of course will mean that her annual refund will be lower, because she already got some of that money with every paycheck!!   She should also try to make more than roughly $1200/month posttax. Get a raise, find a second job, do odd jobs like babysitting, mowing people's lawn, petsitting etc etc.
They can't claim her as a dependent if she wasn't a dependent.
She didn't pay enough tax during the year, so she got more money in her bank account than she was supposed to get. Now it's time to pay that back. There are no extra costs involved in this for her, just the money that she owed in taxes anyway, so her company has no liability for anything.   If she can't pay in full before the due date, she should contact the IRS who will gladly set up a payment plan for her without extra costs to her and without it impacting her credit score or anything.
Yup, same here.
The general [How to handle $]() can contain useful information for you.  Also, check out the FAQs on [credit building]() and the more general [credit scoring]().
The general [How to handle $](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) can contain useful information for you.  Also, check out the FAQs on [credit building](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building) and on [credit scoring in general](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/fico).
&gt; would have a 3% sales charge per transaction. Most of the Fidelity fund fact sheets also state a 5.25% sales charge (...) am I correct in understanding that the total entry fee for one of these funds would be 8.25%?   I'm not completely sure on that. I guess I would call them and ask. Maybe you pay just one of the two, and the other one mentioned needs to be updated. I would contact them and ask.   I'm surprised how expensive they are. But... I understand that this is the Hong Kong branche, and you're in Hong Kong? So their fees can be different than in the US.
Research a few banks and a few credit unions in the area close to where you live. Find out what kind of fees they have and what kind of interest rates they offer. You want a bank or credit Union with low fees (in particular the fees for using ATMs, the fees for overdrafting your account (I hope you don't!), and any fees associated with having a debit card or maintaining the bank account itself).  Then, open a checkings account with one of them that has low fees and a nice interest rate on savings accounts, and put your money in there.
Index funds with Meesman or Brand New Day, two Dutch online investing companies, and/or ETFs through several online brokers such as BinckBank. Fees are a bit higher than in the US, they are 0.3% to 0.6% per year, and no sales charges.
Elsewhere, too.
Yeah, sigh.
It's completely different. With a heart transplant, they take your heart out of one body and cool it, and circulate fluid through it with oxygen in it and nutrients and other components to keep the heart stable for as long as possible, and basically take really really good care of it until they can transplant it into the other person. It's still true that they have to try and do it soon, the quicker the transplant, the more chance that the heart will do well in the new person.
The first thing you should do, is to contact your bank. You call them at the number that they provide on their website for their customers. Or, alternatively, walk into your local branch of the bank. Given your story, I would say your identity was stolen last week and you were a very nice help to them.
