Which part and why if you don't mind?  Sounds like you're smiling because of a decline in the numbers of American Catholics, the comment you replied to.  Is that a correct assessment or is it something else?  I just want to be clear.
That's good to know. Thanks for the feedback.  Would you say it's the same across all grades or is there a diffence in later grades as the focus shifts toward higher education?  Does that degree of  hands on maintain at the middle/high school levels?
Tunnel Snakes Rule!
Well, looks like both he and his character failed their save throws.
Murderers get +3 to all saves.  You know, for posterity.
Must be the train station you get off at during your initial strike on Shinra HQ.
Porters has been in the works to close for a while now.  That wasn't sudden at all.  MSD bought the location for a treatment plant (or something thereabouts).
Photoshop tackle, that's what.
The tail is a dead giveaway that it's a shop job.  They tried though.  They attempted to match the shadow across her shirt even.
The whole movie is full of classic lines.
Fifth Third bank is Mastercard.
A young Mini Driver.
I here he charged about tree fity to sew buttons.
Well, the cop in movies not playing by the rules is usually part of a corrupt police unit/precinct and almost always shirking the rules to do the right thing.  Rather than shooting dogs and innocent folk.
Grab a hose?
Which half of your sister are you hooking up with?  The top half or bottom half?      And why is she in pieces?
Are you talking about IT as in Information Technology (programming, hardware, web design, etc), a standard call center (you reference phone calls and scripts), or doing phone tech support (a specific type of the previous option).  It sounds like you could be talking about all three and all three are vastly different job types/fields with different pay and responsibilities.
I would think so, that's usually the case in situations like this.  The story says they acquired assets, which in this case is likely the 11,000 accounts they service.        From the article:     "RealPage plans to combine Indatus with its Level One live agent solutions and their chief financial officer says merging the two platforms should remove redundant technology, costs and boost revenue."      They are based in Texas and do similar work.  They aren't likely to relocate their operation from Texas to Louisville and in order to " merging the two platforms should remove redundant technology, costs and boost revenue" the only way to do that to the tune of $49million is to shut this location down, hire some more staff in Texas and handle the 11,000 accounts they purchased at their main location.
Let's hope it works out that way then.  Any idea how many employee's they currently have if they are keeping 80?  I wonder if the cuts will be call center or development.  Dev's get paid more than phone reps....
Third Son of the Third Son?
Good luck getting a water gun through TSA.
Learn to meta.  If it's been mentioned on the front page in the past 48 hrs consider it common Reddit meta for the next 48.  Standard.
Which brings up the point: Someone will be the first one to take Jenners new V-Card.
Is there a more Irish name than Patrick Murphy?
Deaf?  Do you mean mute?
No, I do not know any Buffalo fans.     Edit: TY for Gold!
Carpetmuncher.
That expression has been around so much longer than 2009.
Now, someone rip a dollar in half.
And by April, he means April 20th.
I read a synapsis once that the point of the film was that it was written as just the diner scene (opening and closing scene) that was then split up to fill in the story as to how the people in ther diner arrived at that moment.  The whole movie sets the context for the diner scene.
Unless you're a Conehead.
The custodian in Half Baked seemed like a real cool dude.
The what?
Unlike California Rain.
See: Duke Nukem Forever
And syrup to chug?
He even killed the guy who killed the guy who killed Hitler.  Talk about a killcount.
Who would dare harm Rodney Dangerfield?
Ate McDonald, more room in clown car.
Came here for an accident, was disappointed.
Not only erosion but they create coastal habit as well for wildlife.  You don't want to disturb their nests either.
knees weak, arms are heavy
It's not their fault they never learned how.
Hell, I can fake sneeze, we can all pull that one!  Well played!
The Inquisition, here we go;     The Inquisition, quite a show.
A tifu from yesterday
I've clearly been talking about transparency since my first post, not secret taping, Keinichn was talking about secret taping in one short sentence and nothing further.  Whom are you having this conversation with?  Him or me, because it sure doesn't sound like he's involved and I've been consistent the whole way through with what I've been advocating.  Again, you're the one still hung up on secret taping.
Well, they used to do that in the Southern States.  Just covering their asses I'd say.
RIP
