&gt; Why the downvotes lol, how am I supposed to know you find that out 2 minutes into the game  Because it wasn't a game spoiler, it was a book spoiler, and not a particularly big one at that. Most people don't consider events that happened in the books "spoilers", especially considering how many things in TW3 relate back to the books.
nVidia drivers were recently updated. Maybe try rolling those back?
Disable SweetFX, set gamma, re-enable sweetFX.
Unlikely. TW1 is on a modified the Aurora engine (of Neverwinter Nights/KotoR), so the controls are heavily embedded into a that type of game. You're not going to get it playing like TW2 and 3.
* Keep your hard drives organised. Don't put user data all over the fucking place, it makes it really hard to find and backup stuff.  * Backup important data.  * DON'T ROBO-CLICK THROUGH INSTALL MENUS. Read them.  * *DON'T INSTALL STUPID, RANDOM SHIT.*  * If the program/solution seems to good to be true, it probably is.  * Snake-oil solutions don't work on your car.. they don't work on the computer, either.  * Unless you *really* know what you're doing, the operating system is better at virtual memory management than you are. Don't fuck with those settings.  * Actually, don't fuck with any settings if you don't know what their purpose is. Feel free to fuck around with stuff, but you should have an idea what it does first so you know what result to look for.   * Troubleshooting: Start with the simplest solution first, and as much as possible only change on variable at a time.  * 90% of the time it's not a virus, update, or bad piece of software that's screwing things up. It's something you've done.  * The remaining 10% of the time, it's something you've installed on the computer.  * If programs crash or you get error messages, *actually read them*. Many times they'll either tell you exactly what's wrong or give you enough information to start troubleshooting.  * Make copies of configuration files before you make changes to them.
That works both ways. By the time the games roll around there's close to 20 years of history between Geralt, Yennifer and Triss. It's hard to just ignore that.
Yes.
The flat edge of the plug goes toward the INSIDE of the case, and ALWAYS at a right angle.
Flat edge toward the inside of the case. Not that hard.
It's not designed to be an invincibility shield. It absorbs damage and heals you but still collapses. It's more of an alternative to having to down your limited number of Swallow potions during a fight.
There's six books.. two short story collections and ~~4~~ 5 novels. Start with 'The Last Wish', it's the first short story collection. Very good read. This book introduces most of the characters you're familiar with. Ciri is introduced in the second short story collection, 'The Sword of Destiny'.
Hi.
&gt;  I just know that when it comes to survellaince devices like cameras in the work place, if they have an audio recorder, that all employees are supposed to be notified and have given permission to be recorded audiolly.   Different situation. That's essentially third party surveillance. The employer is not a party involved in the conversation.
Good to know.
In the video options, set frames to unlimited.
Why wouldn't you read the short stories?
&gt; Fixes a rare issue whereby Geralt could not mount Roach after fast travelling between points.  Yea.. no it doesn't.
The *only* supply/demand model is minor price fluctuation based on units moved. That's it. It's shit simple.   If you blockade a production station, that station's production should tank when not receiving proper shippments of required material. Things like food prices should skyrocket based on the population of the station. *None* of that happens.    &gt; It's called instancing. If you really think this game ever said or ever planned to have everything on one huge megaserver, that's just misguided. It's literally impossible to have the in-depth flight model that Elite has paired with everything on one megaserver.  No, it's called FD wanted to save server costs by using a P2P network system instead of a proper server-authoritative system.
This is known ~~fuckup~~ bug that's existed since god-knows-when.
What the other guy said.
&gt; The PC modding sales are, not quite irrelevant, but a very minor portion of their revenue.  No idea what it is now, but they mentioned something on the bethesda forums a month or two after release that something like 40% of Skyrim sales were on PC. As I type this Skyrim is #11 on Steam's most played.
No, most aircraft are still mechanically linked.
[Take it for what you will](http://www.thegamersblog.com/understanding-the-numbers-pc-vs-console-sales-figures/)
To expand a bit on how Skyrim memory management works:   The application is 32-bit, full stop. That means Skyrim is limited to 32-bit memory address space, which means on a 64-bit system you can use a full 4GB of RAM, but no more (actually only 3, since the upper 1GB is reserved for OS space on a 32-bit process -this is true for both 32-bit and 64-bit OS's.). For the program that ~~*includes system RAM and video RAM*. They're addressed from the same pool~~ Not actually sure about that.. virtual memory addressing is weird and partially hardware controlled. Regardless, the program can't use more than 3GB of memory.   The memory problems Skyrim encountered before Shesson's memory patch have to do with how the engine allocates RAM, not necessarily physical RAM limitations in itself (basically, the engine fucked up calls for more RAM causing a hard crash. The memory patch forces Skyrim to allocate more memory on load, significantly reducing or eliminating the messy calls for more RAM).   ENB is capable of using memory in additional to the memory allocated from Skyrim. This is what's responsible for chewing up RAM/VRAM in addition to the 4GB Skyrim uses. So ENB effects aren't chewing into the program's main memory pool. The 6GB total in use makes sense with the memory patch + demanding ENB.    An SSD will make a difference in load speed only, particularly when the program has to swap pages out of virtual memory and into system or video memory. A video card with faster RAM will be able to stream textures in and out of VRAM faster which will also lead to smooth performance.   In my experience, scripts are the things that are going to fuck up your game more than high textures. Textures will just hurt performance (up to a point.. obviously, forcing the game to load more textures into memory than your system can handle will cause problems.. but again with the memory patch this usually manifests itself in extreme slowdowns more than crashes. Hence why I'd claim faster VRAM is more beneficial).
No, the actual game exec.
5 years.
Yes.
&gt; That's optional though, you can fly more WW2 aim your ship to shoot style too.   Sure, you *can*, just like you can fly totally with a keyboard only if you want to.    I also wouldn't call "WWII"-style "aim your ship" style. WWII-style refers to a model of flight physics, the later refers to a model of flight control.    You can get rid of the Freelancer-style whack-a-mole-point-and-click gameplay without reverting to WWII flying.
&gt; I think you're just wanting to argue now, but helicopters have gimbaled weapons.   ... and play nothing like AC. CIG also said AC doesn't play like Freelancer, which is categorically incorrect.  &gt; Guess what, they're not nerfing yaw. Never been mentioned. Kick and scream to CIG cause it has nothing to do with me. That's assuming that's even what you want as I don't even know what you want other than to argue. You get what you get.  Again with the nerfed yaw. Find me ONE QUOTE where I mentioned ANYTHING about nerfed yaw. Seriously. You're arguing a point *I never made*.  &gt; Who cares if someone played a 'helo sim'. The only game REMOTELY like SC isn't a 'helo sim'. Why does someone saying the word "helicopter" when referencing NON-fixed weapons make you go on a 1up, you didn't play this type of sim rant? Bizarre logic, god damn.  Because it's an irrelevant comparison. AC plays nothing like any helo game at all. Not even close.   "Oh it has gimbal weapons that makes it like a helo-in-space-sim" is as stupid as "fixed weapons make it like a WWII-in-space-sim".   You're using ridiculous comparisons to make counters to arguments I never even made.
&gt; You attempted to change it to some sort of flight debate, I don't care.  No, [you did that](http://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/39a1wb/can_someone_explain_the_ac_is_too_arcadey_thing/cs1tgwv). I never mentioned anything about yaw in space.
WWII-in-space refers to a very specific type of gameplay in space combat sims. You brought it up. You just decided to arbitrarily change the definition to suit your argument.
And the AIM-120 AMRAAM requires changing radar modes and maintaining target lock as long as possible before switching the missile over to internal guidance.
Last time i checked it wasn't in AC.
Don't know why you'd be downvoted. You're right.
Read the followup post. I went into it in detail using FS2 as an illustration. There's *a lot* you can do with missiles without making them a FAF "I win" button. Powerful missiles should be one of the most difficult weapons to use well -not a crutch for players who can't hit shit with their guns.
Ba-zing!
Thanks!
True.. but we'd also have quantum encryption at that point.
Then WTF is the OP on about?
No prob. Happy modding!
You might try some of the other X-Fire rendering modes in the CCC, such as AFR. Some games I had tons of issues with in certain X-Fire modes.
Processor is probably where you're bottlenecking the most. Skyrim is heavily CPU bound.   RAM or Video Card for a performance boost in Skyrim really depends on what kind of mods you're running. If you're doing a lot of graphical mods and/or running ENB, you'll definitely see a boost from a GPU.. in consistency if not outright performance anyway. Skyrim is only a 32-bit app, so while overall your computer will benefit from more RAM Skyrim itself may not. OTOH more RAM never hurt, especially if you're running things in the background.   Which, on to another point, with only 4 gigs of RAM you'll want to kill as many background applications as you can.    So my recommendations  For only Skyrim - CPU/Mobo, GPU, RAM.   For all purposes - RAM, CPU, GPU.
&gt; been doing a play through as ~~Big Boss~~ Snake Plissken  FTFY
This is exactly why the pro-joystick crowd has become louder and louder, sometimes to the point of annoyance to many other backers.   Calm, quiet, and reasoned feedback wasn't getting anywhere. After *a year* of making increasing amounts of noise on the issue we *finally* have an official response.   Being quiet because "CIG is still working on it", "it's going to change", "&lt;insert other argument&gt;" wasn't getting anywhere.
There were no fixed guns in 0.8.
On this note, I did some back-of-the-envelope math based on things CIG has said.. it would take over 2 months of pure $$ transactions to grab a ship that can be acquired in less than 30 hours of gameplay.
That's a sexy beast.
Are you using any other CH gear, or are you mixing different types?
No.  LTI was specifically an early backer reward. Enough people whined and bitched about it to get CIG to forward it to every new concept regardless, and people are already pushing CIG to give it blanket to all backers.   It's an early backer reward. Full stop.
I'm assuming you're using the control manager to calibrate and config the pedals.   For some reason sometimes the control order in SC gets messed up. You might have to check your axis assignments each time you ruin the game if you're using multiple devices.   Another problem I've encountered in SC is that, if whatever throttle you're using doesn't sit perfectly idle, when you do your control mapping in the game the throttle input axis will override whatever other control axis you're trying to assign (or any other controller, for that matter). Can also be a problem with twist sticks since the twist axis rarely centres perfectly.   Have you tried assigning the pedals in SC without any other control devices plugged in?
