Noooooo that's crazy.
Is it that good?  Might snag it on VoD tonight.
Knew what that was before I clicked it.  My jaw dropped when I saw the replay.
*TWO* disk drives?  What sorcery is this!?
Internet fist bump!
I reckon philosophy was just picking up around the same time.  Each culture was separated, but still had a large population whch enabled thinkers to emerge.
I'm amazed ships that big can make it that far up the river.
Easy there Colin Powell.
So is she like the CEO of Reddit or something?
Dat flair, tho.  Pouring one out for the brothers left behind?
Uh, Myrcella?
You got a whole lot tonight.
What am I looking at here?  Is that thing sitting on a jack on that tiny little bracket?
Aren't you guys eventually hooking up the two lines through downtown?
In the original Final Fantasy, that one spot on the Southeastern continent where the monsters form the NE continent show up.  It's like 4 squares total (1 square = one move of the character width).  You could level up like whoa and bang out almost all of the southern side with ease.
Are you sure?  I thought it was a WWII episode, the one with the kids with the gas mask, where Jack saves the bomb from going off right as it drops, then Nine and Rose pick him up in space.  Was that not the one?
Break the deal, spin the wheel.
The question I've never seen answered, was it straight or gay porn?
Christopher McDonald, SLC Punk.
Does Girard ave run through the former Northern Liberties?  Seems like that's close enough in, but just outside Billy Penn's map.
Well, Jotunheim is up the top re altitude, which negates the warming effects of being on the water like in Lofoten.
The ones I've seen in the store list only around 3grams of sugars.  Is that not accurate?
So where'd they drop that new opera house?
Also the dude who played Jenna Fischer's first BF in the Office, as well as one Randall "Pink" Floyd.
Well, it did, it's just that it sank in a really shallow bit.
Chicago Museum of Science and Industry.  They have a full U boat on display to go through.
Cool, thanks.
Ah sounds right then.
Dat user name...
It is pretty neat on the inside, especially seeing some of the famous portraits.
New Orleans?
So when will the other shoe drop (Sumlin)
Yeah we learned that shit way bac when.  Icarus and Daedalus and the labyrinth and the minotaur and all that.
We were only the "Fighting Irish" with the advent of the 20th century, so yeah, you guys are entitled to add it in.
And have a last name of "Castro"
As wrong as it was to say, the "3am phone call" thing actually happened with Benghazi, and her appearance in front of congress left a whole lot to be desired when explaining that one.
Yeah, but they had to go there.
What's the deal with that?  When your contract is up, you just don't have to show up to work anymore?  I mean, I'm pretty sure that's how contracts work, just not sure how it applies to the Navy.  What if you're at sea when your time is up?  Do you have to wait till the next port?
But I thought Indiana Jones said his name started with an I?
Nah, a pirate scimitar.
They wouldn't have moved to StL if Frontiere hadn't grandstanded about a stadium.
/r/cableporn would have an aneurysm.  Org your cables, and it'll be out of the little one's hands, easy peasy.
For both sides, too.
French or German side?
My bad. I knew Bart had a school change in the Scorpio Ep.
Do elaborate?  Because AC Clarke definitely wrote a book, and Kubrick filmed it...
Dat whiskey bottle...
Didn't they film at the beaches in France, though?
That looks like VVG's exploding Tardis...
Um, like the first 20 mins of the movie, dude.  When they start rolling in on horseback and they're evacuating the camp.
