Maybe it is correct?
There is actually a name for this:  [Megatsunami](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megatsunami)
Hey kids you wanna see some sweet pics that have been reposted on here at least a couple dozen times before?  FTFY
Duke Nukem
Guess you never heard of the red ring of death.
Not seeing a big market for this unless it can be configured for gaming
They had a problem running Fallout 3 on the PS3.  Why would anyone think they were going to deal with the memory issues they had with that game for FO4?
They had enough problems getting FO3 working on the PS3?  WTF would anyone think that FO4 is going to be on it?
The problem isn't how much RAM it had, it is how it was broken down.  Both the Xbox 360 and PS3 have 512MB of RAM, but where Xbox 360 just has a huge chunk of it for everything, the PS3 split it 50/50 between Graphics and Processing.  Where they fell short is that they should have probably put more in the Processing and less in the Graphics.  More like a modern computer.  This split is why in the later stages of the cycle of the PS3 the Graphics were actually better than the Xbox 360 because in house designers like Naughty Dog showed people how to maximize the the Graphics RAM.  Meanwhile Bethesda didn't care about that, they just tried to shoe-horn the game into the remaining 256MB of Processing RAM and caused all of the problems.
Great.  The Flash just effed up your pizza.
No it doesn't.  Chips are sold by weight, not volume.  More chips equal more weight so more cost.  Unless the packaging becomes a problem, greater volume doesn't increase cost.
That isn't what I asked there skippy.   Just look at a bag and tell me.
No healthcare.  You fucking idiot.
tl;dr:  Past your bed time child.
Seek help.
The real question is:  Is he willing to take a pay cut so that the Ravens will keep him, since we all know that he was WAY over paid on his last contract?
Not at all.  The first corgi was just a genetic mutation that surprisingly bred true.  If you look up corgi and other breed mixes almost all of them have the corgis dwarfism showing that it is actually a dominate trait.  So no there hasn't been any more selective breeding with corgis than say a golden retriever or german shepard.
Also as a couple of people noted below, a really bad meat cleaver.  I guess the metal in the saw blade isn't very good for making cleavers with.
That is from 2 years ago, obviously talking about the 2012 season.
Currently on the roster.  Besides there is already a statue to him outside the stadium.
That is awesome.
1.  Duke Nukem  2.  Duke Nukem  3.  Duke Nukem
A - Did you see the name of the poster?  B - It is common knowledge that havok_bot is a bot that just pulls from tumblr and posts on here.  For some reason the MODs allow it on here.
I heard they taste kinda salty.
American to Canadian exchange rates...
Yes!
Who said he is?  He is still the lead actor on one of the hottest movies of this year and also last year.  He can basically demand any price he wants on his next film that he isn't already contracted for.
You do realize that they learned from the RDJ contract for Iron Man and most of the new contracts after that were for multiple movies.  Chris is already contracted for the next 2 Guardians movies.  I'm talking about anything outside of that.
&gt; that he isn't already contracted for [i.e. Guardians 2]  I guess you missed this part of my post.
1.  Shoot all the things.  2.  Open all the things you can't shoot.  3.  Duck when your shield is down.
Lefty freak.
Damn shit weasels!
Wasn't this for Zero Dark Thirty?
They are all females.
Well at least you can still milk him for some BS karma from some anonymous assholes off of the interwebs.
PS3 already has PS1 compatibility.  The problem with PS2 and PS3 is that the PS3 cell processor can't run PS2 games.  So they have to basically shoe-horn in a PS2 into the PS3 to get it to run those disks.  They did that originally but decided that the cost wasn't worth it since they were more than an Xbox 360.  So they removed it.
Yes
How can you imagine?  You are a fucking BOT!
How are you going to say?  You are a fucking BOT!
Why isn't this in /r/WTF?
Duke Nukem
Please cite the law for me because there has been a number of examples on here where civilian ships have used nuclear power.  Also, most cruise ships aren't 'based' out of the USA.  They are registered to other countries.
Cards Against Humanity
Go
GTFO??  Seriously.  I am having a harder and harder time justifying this game to my friends.
He's dead, Jim.
1.  Shoot all the things.  2.  Open all the things you can't shoot.  3.  Duck when you your shield pops.
Nick Fury was black in the comics first.....  Edit:  Who the fuck down votes someone for stating a fact?
Strip poker
But in an interview with the creator he never dreamed they would A - make a movie with Nick Fury in it.  And B - Think they could actually get SLJ to play said Nick Fury.  He just thought he wanted to update the character and who is the baddest ass out there.  Samual "Mother Fucking" L Jackson.  Don't forget that the change was made way back in 2001.  Long before Iron Man the Movie came out in 2008.  Marvel was barely treading water at this point.  They weren't really thinking about movies yet.
