Toys section of Wal-Mart sells various priced water guns.
A ligar
This only applies to people trying to jump to supercruise.   You cannot mass lock a ship that is jumping to another system.
Each system is its own level.   When you jump to a new system,  that's essentially a loading screen.
Hard point placement wise,  the type 9 may be better than using my anaconda...
lol,  I'll post what I please.
Didn't read the whole thing,  but the reality is this game is still in beta.   Retail or not,  it's buggy as all he'll and lacking in features.     Powerplay is a giant bowl of hot trash.   Mixing in a civilization style meta at this point in development seems to be a bad decision.     I know lots of people who have left because the game needs atleast a years development before it's up to par.     You own the game,  if it's not feeling right,  nothing stopping you from leaving and returning when it's in a more complete state.
Cool story.
I'm shaking in my boots.     But hey,  add me to your contact list.   Your free to take a crack at me anytime you please.
The lave cluster is a lot more calm these days than before powerplay.
Hahahaha
A thargoid threat will be a unification of the players.   Right now we are all split,  fighting for different factions.    Bring in a threat that surpasses other threats and enemies will work towards a single goal.  ..... Or it will fracture it.    Part of me wants to see a mass wave of thousand of players moving towards a front to meet the enemy.   Think of the community goals.    War parties,  search and rescue.   Supply the front line systems,  evacuate civilians,  material supplies to build capital ships.    Giant space battle escorting fleets of civilian evacuation ships.    Same time,  have groups that will try to take advantage of the situation.    Rouge groups that run and try to colonize a system on the other side of the Galaxy.     The alien war allows for huge story arcs.   Much more interesting than the stupid powerplay stories
Most doors are made from fiberboard.    So toxic glues,  paints,  plastics.
Nhl games.   Resogun,  the witcher 3
A fedora Or a vape
Obama.    Always Obama
Incomplete without a photo of you in your underwear.
The frozen song.
This right here.    Or pizza
Why do you want to do that?
Diamondback or asp.     Combat effective,  cargo capacity and jump range.   Makes for the ideal rare trading ship.
All power plants are easy to hit.
Angles with filthy soules  It's a fake movie made just for home alone.   I heard they included it in DVD special features.
Masters of the universe
Bring your wallet.     Elite dangerous as a current,  and cheaper alternative
Nerfed?   Naw dude,  one of the powers even gives huge bounty bonus.
Oh Toronto
Should read up on your elite dangerous as you appear to be misinformed.     Both are works in progress,  and for core components,  they are the same.    Both billed as sandbox space simulators.    To your points,  the only notable difference between ed and SC is that SC may have a fps component.   That being said,  Ed has fully modeled interiors and the ability to walk around in ships,  stations and planets is in the works.   So no,  it's not a cockpit simulator.     To your point that SC is a fps,  no,  it's a space ship simulator.   The fps is a side addition.   Not the other way around.     I own both,  spent hundreds on SC.    SC may have more fps,  but ed has a drastically bigger universe.     Ed is a fantastic alternative as SC is years away.
Turrets will attack on their own.   I outfitted my anaconda for defence in a res and put 20 units of gold in the cargo.    Pirates would scan and attack,  turrets returned fire.    In low intensity it's only sidewinders,  cobras and adders, and my ship managed with little issue.  I was able to sit hands off for an hour to see how it went.    Profit was minimal,  300k in an hour.   Not worth the risk.    I can't imagine a cz working.   Even if turrets worked properly,  even a tanked anaconda wouldn't survive without the user firing cells.
This is a game where death can mean days of grinding gone.   If you gotta go,  go
Space sandbox.   Combat,  trading,  piracy.    Billions of star systems.     Learning curve,  but top notch game.
If the invasion didn't pork their plans,  the French had one of the biggest and meanest ships ever made,  right up there with the Yamato.    Dual front quad turrets....
But they actually made the Richelieu class.   Despite its problems,  was an epic design.
Yep,  it's how I evade so many torps
Ranked isn't about extended brawls.   It's about fast decisive strikes.    Mogami is good for suppressing destroyers,  but not far more than that.
Cruisers who shoot 7km torps at enemies 17k away.....
Problem is this game is simply not hitting the player numbers it needs.    If they combined the Eu and Na servers,  you would have the numbers,  but otherwise,  not a chance.
secret santa payouts are extremely better than normal buying.
is there a place where this is listed?
Thanks
French Richelieu with quad turrets
No,  but it demonstrates the ability for giant fucking shells to change direction.
It's still an excellent boat
NM, cleve and murmansk are all great for ranked
yup
awesome, thanks man!
eventually you will have ships in every tree line.  Go cruisers first.
Matt_the_brat anyone?
https://play.google.com/music/listen?authuser&amp;u=0#/wst/situations/L7yiwi3gananve6fa7edwil6d5m
Look at those frakin secondaries!
