Yeah they don't plan on doing anything about it and they haven't acknowledged it either
Yeah seriously.   Search: soda can remnant
No you can BXB people in halo 2 and they'll die if the first melee was a moving melee
whats his legacy ?
Hey that's pretty cool!
No one hates curry lol
/u/rockforlight1998   /u/diasfordays
Super Saiyan Alpha
Who are you talking to??? You're not even answering the question posed in the title!
/r/forgeinitiative
fake
"Kung Lao...wins...."
Have you guys heard the 1 hour extended version of this? It's when any Australian tries to jump into matchmaking
How did that guy whiff the rocket 100%?
"Pull up to the scene with the ceilin' missin'!"
he just spawned its natural reaction to walk forward. didnt have a split second to even think about it.
Yup :)
You can only block a sword attack with another sword. You're thinking of a bulltrue, where you melee a guy and somehow get a kill when he is sword lunging at you.
Yes
Yes buy it already. People ask this question every day it's becoming comical at this point. Use the search function
He already got killed by the time I picked up snipe. You can tell in the killfeed
It's so funny how Delly doesnt start talking until you hear lebron start talking toward the end there....
Yes it's 178 MB. Bout to play some CE just to be sure
Yeah that's what I'm saying. Please read the title again
Yeah now that I read it again i can see how it's ambiguous. But once you watch the video you'll see that what i meant was now the bullet magnetism is appropriate and where it should be
Yeah, You were the last person to shoot him, so you got credit for the kill even though he essentially committed suicide
Yes
&gt; They should honestly make the max party size of these unranked playlists to the size of the game themselves.  Could you clarify what you mean by that?
Aw man :(
It seems every CE match I run into these teleporters
Nice
It's not icebergs that are in water that are causing the sea levels to rise, it's the melting of the ice that is originally on land and then flows into the ocean
Well you shot 10 bursts and you finished with only 6 bullets in your chamber, so to answer your question, No, you DID NOT get bullet refunded. However, The game's hit detection IS failing
12 vs 12   which means 2 minutes into the game it'll be 6 vs 11 :)))
Louis Louis Louis loouuiiiiiis!
The size of the shit she took in the beginning is unreal
"Ready to suck dick, mister master chief sir!"
/u/RockForlight1998  Tag the Demi Gods. Idk his reddit username
His last thoughts: ....fucking........camper......*dies*
Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik
Yes the xbla port from N64
Whenever they get a steal  "Hey! Who put that cone there?"
Although not having split screen in Halo is disappointing, It is still pretty cool you can play every halo on MCC on 4-player split screen multiplayer on the latest gen. That's in addition to all 5 campaigns. MCC Should keep you and your couch co-op buddies busy for years to come.
RUNNING WINGMAN
A friendly Dino appears!
Tim Duncan 🏀🏀🏀
I'll take "system player" for $400, Alex
Mm pizza :-)
"I'm Chris Herren, why don't I have a seat right over here?"  *falls down*
Biggest noob guns are the Kuda, BRM and the HVK 30
