12, Dennis Martinez 6/2/98. Danks' is the 15th of ten or more in that span.
Any part of the bench in any dugout in any major league park.  How did anyone else get here without that being their answer?
ITT: quite a lot of people who are ignoring the butterfly effect.  As soon as you start interfering with past events, everything starts to change, and those changes snowball into large, global changes over time. If we're talking a span of 3000 years, by the time you made it back to 2015, not a single person on this planet (including you, though I suspect the genie would take care of this paradox) would have been born, nor would their parents, grandparents, etc. There would be people, but they'd be an entirely different set of people. There would be no computers or automobiles or airplanes, no television or radio, *unless someone happened to come up with them on their own.* The English language, if it had been allowed to evolve at all, would be entirely different. The countries we know wouldn't exist.  Maybe the new world would be objectively better. Maybe it would be much worse.  Rather than take the chance, I'd either decline the offer or find a cave to sit in for 3000 years.
The only explanation I can think of is the first pitch. It was low and away, looked good and the ump raised his arm and clearly called strike. It's possible that he then changed his mind and it wasn't captured on video. The other strike was dead center and Votto swung and missed.
The angle from directly behind the fan at 2:46 does show that he didn't touch the ball. I wonder if the replay man didn't see that angle, because it looked pretty cut-and-dry to me. Maybe his very presence counted as interference, which I suppose is the spirit of the rule if not the letter.
Having a magical run in the regular season only to be annihilated in the end by the Yankees. I mean, they made a *musical* about it.
Some of that seemed to be channeling the roommate from Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
He can't slap it past him because if he could then they wouldn't shift on him.
His job is to see if there's *conclusive evidence to overturn the call on the field.* That's how it's supposed to be approached.
To fall down at your door
As far as I know, field umpires are still empowered to overturn their own calls, which they should have been able to do after watching the replay on the jumbotron.
&gt; 2004-2015 (so 10 yrs, plus two months)  That's actually 11 years and two months.
The National League was founded in 1876 and for much of the 19th century it was all there was. There were rival leagues occasionally, often with different business practices and the gumption to steal NL players away, but they all faded away. Then the American League declared its majority status, had the money and clout to threaten the NL, and all the "senior circuit" could do is accept the new rivals.   They gradually started to incorporate themselves together, with codes of conduct, a commissioner, and collective bargaining, and eventually we just started calling it Major League Baseball. The rules were exactly the same until 1973 when the AL adopted the DH and the NL didn't.
Well, there is a reason, which is that there are seven days in a week and that's not a multiple of 3. They want one series each weekend, and stacking 3-game series one after another would quickly ruin that alignment. Scheduling an off-day every week would lengthen the season considerably. The alternative is to play a 4-game series one week and have an off-day the next. In practice it doesn't work out that evenly but it's the general idea.
And the confusion probably stems from the fact that they kept "league" in their names. The same thing happened in the NFL but the two merging leagues became "conferences" instead.
I'll leave it to you to figure out the details of what befell each player.  &gt; *Well, Mr. Burns had done it*   &gt; *The power plant had won it*   &gt; *With Torii Hunter counting every mile*   &gt; *Buster Posey's got gaps in his smile*   &gt; *And Ryan Howard's missing in the tire pile* &gt;  &gt; *We're talkin' softball*   &gt; *From Anaheim to Scranton*   &gt; *Talkin' softball*   &gt; *From Moustakas to Stanton*   &gt; *Hamilton is playing hide and seek*   &gt; *The Feds are on the hunt for Rickie Weeks*   &gt; *We're talkin' Homer, Tulo, and the Freak*
ChillOne helped us most of the way through S6 but his source faltered in S8. And then there's missyae. Even Snewser got a couple things wrong.  Since Redmond isn't actually *spoiling* in this particular case, it isn't a problem right now, but it's an attitude we who take the game seriously should avoid adopting.
What do we know about Anne Frank? Is it just her diary? It isn't, because there is plenty of evidence *outside her diary* that she was a historical person and that the events she describes in her diary actually happened. It's *externally corroborated.*  The Gospels don't have *anything* corroborating them. They were written after the fact by authors we can't be sure of and there's nothing else that backs them up.  If all the external evidence of Anne Frank were to be lost, the photographs and Dutch and German records and all eyewitness accounts, and all the cultural memory we've collected about these things, and in two thousand years all we had was her diary, *then we could doubt her existence too.*
In this example I suspect there are ways of determining the battle took place. Digging around in records and the location and such. If you're looking for details of how the battle went, then you might only have those two sources, but what should be considered is whether those sources have influence on each other. Do they have the same biases, did they experience it from different perspectives, etc.  If we conclude that those sources aren't good enough, and there isn't anything else, then it would be justifiable to doubt the historical veracity of the Battle of Carrhae.
Target Field, named the best sports complex in the country when it opened just five years ago, is leased to the club through 2037. You might literally be the first person to mention the Twins and relocation in the same sentence since the park was approved.
An interviewee in Ken Burns' series notes the fortuitous serendipity of that particular choice. Had it been 87 feet, think of the close plays at first that wouldn't have happened, the number of times the stolen base record would have been smashed. Had it been 93 feet, batting averages would plummet and double plays would be mundane. 90 feet was *perfect.*
The only people not allowed to discuss a no-hitter are the players on the pitcher's team. The other team, the broadcasters, the fans are allowed to do whatever they want.
OH COME ON!!!
First tripler scored on the second triple, second was picked off on a botched squeeze plot, and the third was stranded.
It wasn't an actual play, the batter missed the sign and failed to swing, allowing the runner to be easily picked off.
This was something instituted when interleague was normalized season-wide. The two-and-two series is intended to be against your interleague "rival," except in years where the interleague rotation schedule has you play all the teams in your "rival's" division. That's happening this year, and so instead of having it be a rivalry series, it's a two-and-two series against another opponent in that division.
When interleague first started in the 90s, the teams you played were almost random. The exception was your "natural rival," the team which in most cases was geographically closest to you (Yankees-Mets, Rays-Marlins, etc.). You played that team every year.  When they expanded interleague in 2013, they gave it some structure: you played all the teams in a specific division, which rotated from year to year. However, they kept the "rival" concept by adding a two-and-two series that would be played each year no matter what other teams you played in interleague.  The exception is when the interleague division you play is the same one in which your rival plays. In that case, your rival simply becomes part of your normal interleague schedule. The two-and-two series, however, remains in the schedule (somewhat inexplicably), and is played against *another* team in that division.  That's what's happening this year: each division is playing its interleague counterpart (East vs. East, etc.). Since all the rivals are now lined up by division, the two-and-two series isn't played against the rival, but against another interleague team.
This case is a little extreme. The last time a team was this dominant (seven members of the 1957 Reds), they actually did take voting away for 12 years.
There has never been a major-leaguer with a last name starting with X.  The 1926 World Series ended with Babe Ruth caught stealing second.  The Padres have never played in Toronto. The Blue Jays have played in San Diego three times.
BR updates every morning, but they don't have their own database (they use Lahman's among others). In order to keep a personal database updated through a current season, you have to update it yourself.
They played Letterman and Dave started randomly saying "I fink you freeky...and I like you a lot" for days afterward. Making that kind of impression on Dave is quite a feat.
Keep in mind that none of them would have actually been there. Few children would have attended a World Series at that time, and of those even fewer would have been girls (almost all people over the age of 107 are female).
Um, if you go straight for her she'd be able to take you down without even thinking about it. No, you gotta flank her at oblique angles.
Now now, Infante isn't eligible yet.  You're probably thinking of Mark Gubicza.
I didn't realize this was a Sporcle link and I also thought it was an "average days" trivia question. And yes I'm pretty sure ol' Peas 'n Carrots Keith would be the answer.
Well, he stoops down a bit to clunk them on the head with his padded elbow.
Someone with more time than I currently have could just go through each number and see which one adds up to the most WAR from each position (though they should only count players who were known by that number).
Isn't that just where the Mets AAA affiliate plays?
Not for long, though. The United Federation of Planets, established 2161, is known in at least one timeline to survive into the 31st century.
Fun.  When you look in the dugout and see everyone laughing, doing little dances and handshakes they came up with, when they have in-jokes and story arcs in the press, you have a team that's a *team* and not just 25 guys making money. Teams win.
Actually I just thought of a good candidate.  The Royal Rooters claimed the bleachers of Huntington for most of the first two decades of the team's existence. Their signature song was "Tessie, You Are the Only" which they would modify to praise/heckle an appropriate player. Though they moved with the club to Fenway, they gradually drifted away and weren't heard much after...1918.  "Tessie" remained in the subconscious of the Boston mystique, and it was brought back to popularity by the Dropkick Murphys, who released a cover (the lyrics now about the Rooters themselves and a famous story about a riot they started when their seats were sold to other patrons)...in June 2004.
I'm just doing it from memory so I have no idea what key it's in, but in C Major it's  D BCD G F E D BCD GA AG
Well it's an error, let's say E9, and then a 9-5-1-6 putout. I'd trace the diamond to about halfway between second and third, the E9 goes in the primary "what the batter did" part of the box, and the 9-5-1-6 gets crammed in above the SS position where the tag occurred.
That's an excellent story and it's even heavier later on when Red admits that he almost quit when Robinson was signed. It was Rickey's stoic command of the endeavor that kept him going.  There are plenty more stories in the Burns series just like that, told with such mastery...Studs Terkel and Robert Creamer and obviously Buck O'Neil (and the 10th Inning is no slouch either). That show really was made at the perfect time, right before baseball's new renaissance when the game needed to be reminded of its historical, romantic nature, and when you could still talk to guys who played with Babe Ruth, who played in the Negro Leagues, who had a perspective that we literally no longer have just twenty years later.
Graham is one of 993 players found by the Play Index to have played in exactly one major league game. This includes twelve players who debuted this year but have only been in one game so far.  Steven Matz is listed as the 18,540th major-leaguer, meaning the 993 one-gamers total about five percent of everyone who has played the game.  You'd find more cups of coffee in the morning rush of an average Starbucks.  But the cups of coffee at Starbucks don't each have their own Wikipedia page.  Put on a uniform and walk between those foul lines, even for the briefest of moments, and you are an immortal.
Was that "rookie card" being touted as his actual rookie card? Because...that's quite obviously not a 1905 baseball card.
No.  There are 77 players who have a *hit* in their only AB. Twelve of those were doubles (including Brandon Lyon, who played in 572 games and finished with a lifetime SLG of 2.000), and four were triples.  38 men had only one *plate appearance* in which they drew a walk (including, of course, Eddie Gaedel). A further six had one PA and were hit by a pitch. And perhaps the saddest of all: 22 have come up once in their careers and laid down a bunt or other runner-advancing grounder. Most were pitchers, but two were listed as first basemen. Talk about sacrificing.
&gt; for PTBNL *or* Cash  This is a delightful summary of Alexi Casilla: here you go, just pay us back whenever.
I'll allow him to make that determination.
The 81-81 scenario would probably be solved by replacing the postseason with a randomly-seeded bracket, with two randomly-chosen teams (perhaps the previous year's pennant winners) getting a first-round bye. First three rounds are best of three, then it's LCS and the WS as normal. Probably take into mid-November.  A five-way tie for the division would be handled according to the [multi-team tiebreaker rules.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Major_League_Baseball_tie-breaking_procedures#Ties_among_multiple_teams)
