Thinnest *and* sexiest
&gt; Nearest match for jony is Jonathan Ive:  Petition to add /u/autowikibot to approved?
That and the subredditdrama post
Did you read his comment?
Like what?
Proof?
Launching a new product category would take significant research, R and D, and decision making by experienced people with various business degrees. Apple is known for making slow, but correct steps.
It's like Christmas time!
&gt; More locally, it has 4GB of onboard storage  Hilarious you say that, Apple Watch has double the storage. Shows that you don't really know what you're talking about.
Yeah, but you can use the rest of the storage for everything else, like pictures and apps.
It's calibrated to track your steps, which can then determine distance.
If not your phone and your watch are connected to the same wifi network, you don't need your phone in your pocket. For example, you can leave your phone in your bedroom and use your watch in the backyard
Buy things on iTunes?
Canada as well
Nah, but Imagine Dragons is doing great
Oh man, it's everywhere.
What the fuck?
Go fuck yourself
Did you just switch from French to English mid sentence?
Yup, looks like Edmonton.
Nope, but the YouTube video was uploaded from the actual motorcyclist.  edit: unfortunately the video has been removed from YouTube.
Apparently the driver was 15, and was practicing after getting her learners. Went too far into the intersection after a red light, freaked out, and reversed without looking apparently haha.
The video was as long as the gif, and AFAIK he said nothing.
Awesome, thanks dude
Same as Canada
If you watched the presentation you would've seen "AC/DC" on the iPhone demo.
http://www.reddit.com/r/SiliconValleyHBO/comments/3931ci/my_friend_was_geeking_out_over_the_new_apple/cs0k6ju
Wait what spiders
NASA actually uses the metric system
Windermere?
/r/circlejerk
Yup, you?
Most people under 20 still know what Jurassic Park is...
Yes it is... You just tap the button at the top right and slide down to sidebar. Literally 2 seconds...
Anyone got a link to it?
The reason /r/coontown and similar subs weren't banned was because they weren't constantly harassing other users and leaking from their subs. The amount of times I saw /r/fatpeoplehate berate and make fun of strangers for no reason was astonishing. They also brogaded constantly.  e. downvoted for being right, stay classy reddit
Not if you look at metro areas. Then Calgary only has around ~100k more at most.   Edmonton is actually the fastest growing city in Canada.
Edmonton hasn't been the murder capital for like 5 years bro  our crime rate has dropped durastically
I know. I thought this shit was over, but I guess the stranger-hating douchebags who were supposed to be at voat came back to annoy us all.
Remember kids, sort this post by controversial to get the best results
Nah, FPH tried to but failed.
Ah, a perfect example of what I was talking about.   How's the Voat life?
Edmonton as well
But that's if you build it yourself, something he already said he didn't want to do...
sick reference bro
&gt; It has nothing to show for its praise in terms of contribution on the global scale  I stopped into reading there
You mean besides the hundreds of millions of dollars of aid and peacekeeping, among thousands of scientific contributions including the telephone, insulin, and the light-bulb, right?
Dude r u high
The most number of troops to what? The UN? You don't have to give troops to the UN to peacekeep.
small meaning by population, not area.
