Yeah half the time the people who do these mods to themselves work in the field itself. I wouldn't get a tattoo done by an artist that had zero tattoos themselves. My best friends dad owns a very reputable tattoo shop and all their employees do weird shit to their bodies.
Never gets old.
We hunted off many their natural predators so for many species us hunting them is necessary to keep their population in check like it naturally would have.
He was discussing education, not employment. 5500 a year ond educatiob per person is quite reasonable.
Things like lobsters have multiple "brains" so destroying one likely wont even render it unconscious while boiling it overloades it's nerves and has it dead in seconds. So boiling it is the humane way to kill it if you want to eat it. That's not even touching ground on the fact that lobsters and chimps have a hilarious difference in sentience.
He was also a decorated soldier from world war one, the guy was a steaming pile of shit but to call him a coward would be dishonest.
They dont have those youthful good looks to fall back on anymore and need to start being more forward.
So why is every other sub that using photos of real people to laugh at them still around. I dont even have to think deeply to think of some.
They wish they did.
I mean we have his face on coins from the right time period and regions and had entire cities named after him in the areas he conquered. So a bit more evidence than Jesus.
You're correct, but it does have to do with the child and none of them getting sick from being covered in rotting remains.
And with the knife my guess is you'd stick a guy with it and pull the trigger.
Catholics didnt exist 2000 years ago. Christianity as a religion didn't even exist 2000 years ago.
People do exist now that never experienced the 90s and are now asking questions of people who did. How you hold this opinion on a site made for this kind of content is beyond me.
The discrimination they faced ended far less than 150 years ago, segregation only ended in the 60s. Jesus, it was like 50 years ago that they were allowed to even occupy the same space as white people. Of course were still seeing the fallback of that. Dont be such a dunce.
I mean if you gotta force the label "people" onto everybody.
Except he's never tried to take away your guns.
I mean you have less room for enough power to make that 16 ton monster go quickly when it's as armoured as it is. Plus it would have a small army protecting it from the outside as well. Good luck getting through all that shit, and if you do manage to then at that point you've honestly earned the kill.
Plus you damn well know the area has been searched before his arival. Not a damn chance in hell any sketchy looking shit is left in it's path. He is arguably one of the top two hardest men to kill on the planet.
Its like busses, no seat belts required as it will plow through most every vehicle. Plus I'm positive they are included in case of emergency but the weight of the vehicle alone would make most impacts negligible.
Yeah I wanna know where that is the standard price cause I've never seen it that cheap.
Or that that short haired chick slipped bronn an extra antidote before they left since she fancies his D.
Yeah it seems silly that the prince of Dorne, nephew to the viper himself, knowing his stepmom was out to kill his girlfriend would set off without an array of antidotes on him.
Yeah all 3 of them know how to handle a blade. Unless they run of the mill ship crew are secret ninjas rebelling would be a poor choice. And even if they win once they hit the shores of Westoros with a dead or chained up Jamie and a dead little girl theyre all fucked anyways.
There was smoke everwhere. Every giant fire starts off small. If we always waited until the building was an inferno before evacuation people would die. Hindsight is 20/20 and if it had gotten crazy out of control they could have saved lives. They acted when many would stand and watch.
Yeah its like people here dont think the fireman werent gonna bust in your door anyways. You guys just did it before they arrived, could have saved lives. These people wouldnt be criticizing you if they were asleep during this and you woke them up. Fire spreads quickly and the smoke is deadly. If they even realized how quickly a fire will kill you before you even get a chance to feel the heat of the flames I doubt they'd still be arguing.
Just because they happen to be a person doesnt mean it's not also a little WTF. Its anything that makes you pause and think WTF to yourself upon first seeing it.
Like that quote stating that if you get your laughs by pretending to be idiots you will inevitably attract real idiots who think they are in good company. That sub may have started as a troll sub but it has now gone beyond that and actually takes itself seriously.
So what stops us applying the eternal aspect to the universe and just tossing the god idea out the window?
Actually we have some pretty good explanations has to how life could have happened. Read up on abiogenesis to learn more. Just because you cant comprehend it doesnt mean we havnt had brilliant minds mulling it over.
Worst I've seen in my city in Canada was -58C with wind chill.
So original sin doesnt apply to babies? At what age exactly does it kick in? And whu are babies exempt when the bible says everybody is a sinner?
Waaay to uniform in shape and size to be shrapnel.
I could be remembering wrong but wasnt there an issue with some of these groups refusing to begin the fight again after chilling with the enemy?
Give me one verified case of such a clear cut miracle and Ill give you thousands of examples of crazy people claiming to have spoken to Jesus.
You see lots of obese people over the age of 75?
So, did they give the WII to the kids?
We get our drunken assholes just like everywhere else.
You cant just tease us like that.
Nice b8 m8.
What if my ears are too confident?
You can make the same comparison that you have made between guns and explosives and the damage they can do between the damage guns could do back when the law was written and now. Try shooting a classroom full of children with a musket, you cant.
Give him a smacking and indicate that hes giving the guy the cold shoulder cause hes having mixed feelings himself.  Either that or tell him to join the rest of us in the 21st century. Hes on the wrong side of history, if he pushes back make the comparison to those who were all about segregation back in the day.
Modern society is a very recent thing though. Go look at uncontacted human tribes in the wild. Woman as the primary caregivers for the children.
Difference between actual Nazi soldiers and regular german soldiers.
Nobody got your KenM joke.
Create suction with your mouth while your throat is closed. Its not even to figure out unless you cant drink through a straw without inhaling it.
Doesnt look like this one made it anywhere near 9 months.
How? Instead of paying their staff in tips they pay them more ad an hourly wage. This costs the business more in wages.
10 dollars for a burger and fries is extremely reasonable? Where do you live where thats too much money?
