What kind of scissors are those? They seem nice.
I dont watch twitch, but whats so wrong with it?
A nukeakakey.
Ill check it out next.
Animated series are pretty expensive though. I wouldnt be surprised if cartoon network scoops them up.
But we also made a Top Gear. And a new season of The Inbetweeners. People of the world we're sorry.
The top middle looks like dude who played Louies dad and uncle.
Did you even read the article? Lol
Home Improvement kid&gt;
Now kill AHWU please.
So does that mean Joel's officially a disney princess?
Didnt they have a failed kickstarter? If so then they talked about them for a big chunk of the podcast.
i heard he smells funny too
BEARS le so funny XD
Roy? The challenge finder?
Aaaaand iiiiiiii HOLY SHIT wiiilll alwayyyys love youuuu
And they thought the sales was bad last time.
Where do I download the 360 games? I see them no where.
Yeah, thanks!
The Scranton Strangler is a pretty dope name.
Besides the fact that youre wrong too.
The internet was a thing, he just didnt live in an area where it was readily available. Maybe they tought we were being asshole kids, cause wed call alot asking for the price of random games.
How tf did they get the metroid guy? The Japanese usually avoid the xbox one like its another a-bomb.
My left, or your left?
0
And Rayman. I was bummed to not see any new Ubiart games at E3.
Its pretty cool how interested in videogames he is. One of the few old peole I know of who is. Didnt he make a cool wii game? Battle Blocks? And he was involved in Medal of Honor if I remember correctly. It was basically the Saving Private Ryan videogame.
The hack fraud who made War Horse, War of the World and Indiana Jones 4.
Itll need 6 less frames per second, plus black bars around the edge. Theyll also have to make it a 4 hour game where half of it is cutscenes and the other half is squatting behind cover and shooting baddies with four different kind of guns.
Looks like shes eating a booger.
She was hitting OPs pipe probably.
Hes gonna make an album about maximizing the efficiency of coupons.
The old people on facebook need something to hate on.
Minus yeezus and 808
He still has to be around her when she's talking. He's not that lucky.
Neither of the two packs it came with still hold a charrge.
Him destroying sonic with the grey hedgehog dude.
Im talking about her butthole.
Now this has to be posted.
"Off to slay dat puss"
"Yes, 911? My husbands playing halo and watching porn! This is an emergency!" *click*
Benghazi 2: Electric Boogaloo
I mean, you still have to pay to get xbox live. That's their last big thing they have left to make right.
What the fuck are they going to do? Bring in a helicopter?
Birdman or Lego Movie?
And it looks like the guy is wearing underwear over his pants.
The only yoshi you can get from a bluray is from the super mario bros movie, so nintendo.
Im pretty sure the guys that work at nintendo and would even see this know what mega64 is all about. The videos they did with them was pretty nuts.
Everything Ive been spamming the comments of /r/gamegrumps has been a lie D:
thatsthejoke.jpg
