The Boston Herald is pretty much the Fox News of New England newspapers.  If there isn't a liberal/democrat bashing headline (or at the very least front page mention), something particularly important happened the day before.  And even then, there's usually a conservative spin on it.  This is entirely unsurprising.  Source:  Boston Native for 34 years.
So, if we were attacked by Sentinels at lunch, perhaps you could throw a Gyro!?
WANT
....technically, she killed him.
Top Pair, second best kicker on that board, with that action, with that much money in the pot?  Call.  There are obviously hands that have you beat, but I couldn't imagine folding there.
Perfectly handled one of the biggest suckouts I've seen, super late in the game on the biggest stage for poker in the world.  This is the very definition of class by Cheong.  This is the video that I keep in mind whenever a loose player calls a pre-flop raise when I have aces, haha.
"Sometimes we send this one up to headquarters for no reason at all!"
"SIGNAL THE HUSBAND!"
TV Show, but yeah...he plays Tim Gutterson.
Oh, dur.  Yeah.  He plays Coop.
Even if he's bluff shoving (which he obviously was), there was only a *very small* amount of hands that 7 high still beat.  He literally can't call.  I can't imagine anyone calling.
Yeah, that would have been a sick hero call (also still crazy), but the board texture was *much* different.  I remember that hand from one youtube video or another, haha.
Classic Tits McGee.
".....yes?"  Jeremy Davies, ladies and gentlemen.
"Now, don't be down y'all!  We can go get some AIDS from the forest!"
Hahahaha. Truth.
I read that and rolled my eyes.  They definitely wanted him for the movie, and for whatever reason (I've heard a couple reasons, who knows what's going on) he didn't want to do it.  Now he's sad they killed Hiller off screen?  What was he hoping they'd keep it ambiguous, so he could come back in the next when when he realized how silly it was to turn it down?  Then again, they could just bring him back anyway.  *Brent Spiner* is in this silly thing, and I thought his character was 20 shades of dead in the first one.
Definitive proof of a specific deity.
He always says that...
*That's* where I've seen her before.
Or Dead Pooler
Aren't these the same people that complain "SJW's" focus on first world problems, and don't care about things that actually matter?
This is best summed up by the editors note on the Cracked article regarding the Zoe post:  ""Gentlemen," we said amid the stunned silence, "do you realize that if what they're saying is true, then this is still the most pointless fucking bullshit anyone has ever forced us to read?""
There's already a comment simply laughing, and I should just upvote that one....but.....   HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
The 1980's John Carpenter movie 'The Thing' was, itself, a remake.
Many people aren't aware that the Carpenter one was a remake, haha.  (Just like a lot of people aren't aware that The Departed was a remake).
I didn't see that!  Fantastic!  It's the same idiocy you see anytime this kind of thing comes up.  Except they also get to piss and moan about how the interaction with Detta might be different.  Oh noes!  She can't call him a honky cracker mafa!  SHE'LL JUST HAVE TO CALL HIM A MAFA!  I'M NOT WATCHING IT.
That's nice.
Risky click of the day.
Have enough people seen Hateful Eight for the Lincoln Letter scene(s) to be referenced with any relevance yet??  :)
Mandatory:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWDdd5KKhts
Trust, but....oh wait.  This is about bashing an SJW, right?  Just trust.
&gt; -They shot the film in both 35mm and HD, and both cameras required separate crews to operate.  So *that's* why there's this weird constant shift of video quality throughout the movie, haha.'
Nightwatch.  Fantastic russian sci-fi/fantasy/horror stuff.
Cats
Misogynate?
You'd be surprised at how much of this site (regardless of the sub) would fall over themselves defending this shit.
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeexactly
Yeah, my first thought was:  "#nottheonion"  "#ohwaitthisactuallyistheonion"
The band Disturbed had an issue where an artist already had a website featuring his work at disturbed.com.  Dude was a total dick about it, too.  Refused to sell them the site (which is his right), but also threatening to harass anyone that even mistakenly inquires if his site is a part of the band's work.  Eventually he realized he should probably just sell it, and the band (having been operating on a different site for years with no issue) laughed at him.
............phase?
"Do you ever read the bible?"  "No"  "Well, when I'm on the morphine, you're standing next to my bed stark naked reading the book of leviticus.  Do you want to know what happens next?"  ".......no?"  "Neither do I.  So, no more morphine.  Now go get Arthur".  The implication being that the morphine was causing crazy hallucinations, and that he's done with it.  If she was actually doing crazy shit, he would have just told her to cut it off, or fired her, or whatever.
Ho.  Ly.  Shit.
Yeah, no shit.  In the books, Bronn peaced out and got his wife/castle in Storm of Swords.  In the show, they're (rightfully) like "Jerome Flynn is amazing, let's keep having Jaime call him up".
EUNUCHBOWL.  GET HYPE.
BUT RISES AGAIN.  HARDER AND STR....  Wait...this doesn't work here.
Oh, good...I'm glad I'm not the only one that said ".....what Alliance?"
This thing needs to make an obscene amount of money to recoup all expenses.  (I've heard $500 million, but who knows how accurate).  I hope it continues to do well overseas, because it's (relatively) falling on its face in the us.
Given the frequency with which the US bombs civilians (as collateral damage or no), I wonder what the percentage of americans of any religious belief thinks it's justified.
&gt; and actually good from what I heard  Best game I've played so far this year.  It really is amazing.
