I know what you are referring to and it was NBCSN not NBC.  Also that's an incredibly misleading statistic.  EPL face almost ZERO competition in the US for their timeslot, while the NHL is going against other large sports leagues and primetime TV.  Also, every single NHL game is on TV, while that can't be said for EPL.  In addition, fans of the NHL teams may be less likely to watch on TV because many will be attending the games, while that is impossible for EPL in the US.
Well for some teams at least...
The actual reason cheerleading isn't considered a sport is because it doesn't follow a unison set of rules across competitions.  While sports such as gymnastics and boxing have judges, the discretion is judged against the same standards in every competition.  This is not the case for cheerleading.
Ok and then you can say the same to literally everyone else bashing them.  Judge them in their third year, not their third month.  Or can you only judge them if you have a negative opinion.    Also, launch to market is a huge indicator of success further down the line.  They have created great top of mind awareness and built great momentum in their brand equity in a busy market with a high barrier to entry.  I'm judging them on the terms of the article.  They are doing a lot better than any other MLS team I've seen that has launched in a saturated market.
&gt; Does Fifa get paid based off number of viewers for the world cup or have they already sold the right for T.v. for this world cup for a set amount?  In a roundabout way, yes.  # of viewers will absolutely effect their future contract negotiations.
It's about the team name not the organization itself.
Parents of children in Kids Pick the President (they aren't going to be young children, mostly over 12) are most likely going to be in their 30s or 40s.  These people have a *much* higher voter turnout than those 18-29.  Also, [70% of married parents vote, regardless of age](http://content.csbs.utah.edu/~wolfinger/Wolfinger-Wolfinger2008.pdf).  This would suggest that these kids parroting their parents would be much more representative than a polling of all eligible voters.  Edit: Also remember that the kids in these elections were calling in and using the internet, suggesting that they were older.
How do you understand that?  1 having a significantly higher open rate suggests that either the sender or subject (or both) is different.  The other having a 60% higher CTR would suggest that the email's content is different.  I'd be willing to bet there were multiple variables at play.
&gt; I guess I just have to choose if it's worth having less people read my emails to get more engagements.   How large was your sample size?  Did you achieve statistical significance.  Hypothetically, the body text itself shouldn't effect open rate.  Was different preview text (the small part of the email you can read before opening?) showing for each email?  It just seems like that difference between open rates is incredibly large to not have been effected by something specific.  Did you look at bounce rate between group A and group B to account for that?
There is a breed called the American Pit Bull Terrier, but generally a pit bull can be 1 of 3 breeds or a mix of them.  Either way, you're dog is obviously a pit mix, not sure what that person is trying to say.
staffordshire bull terrier
That's some [Paranoid Park](https://youtu.be/6fjoxbyYaRc?t=59) shit.
AdGooroo
This is insanely awesome.  Did you think of this idea yourself?
Valderrama did not close to the majority of his career in MLS.
They are legally obligated to protect their trademark.  If they let other charities use it, then it becomes diluted and ANYONE can use it.  That means I could walk around legally selling pink ribbons that say "for a cure" on them and pocket the money.  Again, do a little research off of reddit and actually learn about shit rather than just regurgitating what you read on this site.
Not really.  If I ever see "for the cure" I immediately think breast cancer.  If I saw someone selling "for the cure" merchandise, my assumption is that it would be going to breast cancer awareness and research.  Now imagine if that person was actually raising money for something else and were basically scamming people who associate that phrase with Komen (which pretty much everyone does).  That's the entire point of trademark protection.
Ok let's look at this one point at a time.  &gt;They donate ~20% to research  Ok, and that 20% is $50MM.  %s mean nothing, considering how easy it is to "lie with statistics".  Their 20% is significantly higher than anyone else's 20% because of their ability to market well.  IF they didn't market their brand, they'd be bringing in less than $50MM.  That's just how it is.    &gt;But they sugar coat it like they are using all donations to fund thousands of clinical studies, building hospitals, and paying doctors salaries. And they aren't. Simple as that.  Again, they are not claiming this at all.  You are arguing with a straw man.  Their transparency is rated a 96/100 on charity navigator, which is generally considered the authority on these things.  Just because people are too lazy to look up what they are giving to, doesn't mean Komen is misrepresenting anything.  [If you look at their breakdown of expenses](http://imgur.com/cF1SCJ0) you'd see that people completely misrepresent them on this site.  &gt;The Rose (TX), Breastcancer.org (PA), Living Beyond Breast Cancer (PA), and National Breast Cancer Coalition Fund (DC) rank all above 95 on Charity Navigator.  You can list other charities, like the ones you did, but realize that those charities are not doing nearly as good job at marketing and do not get as many people to donate.  Komen donates magnitudes more to research in $$ terms than they do.  If anything, maybe they should start spending more on marketing, as it would raise more money for cancer research.
not from a PPG perspective.
Carlos Ruiz &amp; Danny Califf both had odd exits.
Sugarman's money is from realestate.  He was in talks with MLS in 2007 to bring a team to Philly and was ironing out the details, with the announcement coming in Feb 2008.  Coincidentally, 2007-2008 coincided with... [The recession](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_crisis_of_2007%E2%80%9308).  Why did the recession happen? [The Housing Bubble burst](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_housing_bubble).  It's easy to point fingers for the financial situation, but we basically got insanely unlucky.  Can't blame MLS for that.
That's not earlier than the rest of the crash.  The US Housing Bubble hit its peak in 2006.  There was a decline until the actual burst where shit hit the fan in 2008.
Doesn't mean he has to, or will, sign with them.
The defender got a hand on the ball and he had to grab it again, if you really watch. It was also in the biggest home game of the year, down a touchdown with less than 30 seconds left.  Playing under pressure is a key attribute.
It's more about the cap space than the money for him at this point.  We're thin, and he is a huge part of the reason for (even though you can put it all on Sak, really).
Damn, knowing the difference, that would have sucked as a kid.
How do you know it wasn't random people that planned the whole thing for a random party of people they didn't know?
&gt; Or perhaps just auto-forward to their own phone number.  If you could autoforward it to another one of their numbers it would be hilarious.
&gt;  I haven't met a racist person, or anyone who hates gay people.  I'm sure it hasn't come up in conversation, but this just can't possibly be true.  Racism and homophobia manifest themselves different in the south than they do in the north, and there may just be different indicators you aren't used to.    Remember, the development of race relations in the north is completely different than the south.  Structural and institutional racism are stronger in the south, to the point where the racism is more ingrained in society even if you don't see people specifically saying they look down on people of a different race.
You can thank his dad for that, not MLS.
Hard to fire the part-owner.
Half correct?  You said "Who built a smaller stadium?".  I answered Yankees, who have the shortest home run deck in MLB.  Fuck OP, but I was 100% correct.
What are you trying to show?  Yankee Stadium is smaller than CPB.  That was the question.
If you read the page, the scholarship only covers the club fees.  He'd still have had to pay for a lot of other things.
Shoulda signed that professional contract...
But the point is that MLS wants slow, sustained growth to raise the equity of the teams and brands.  Creating a rule to bring big names to MLS, even if it is to the Galaxy, increases the equity of every team.  It's a smart business strategy and the league is obviously growing.  Once the academies start producing a good amount of talent, that will most likely be the time to raise the cap significantly and change the rules for depth purposes.  Until then it makes more sense to keep the cap low and allow exceptions for big names that fill seats.
&gt;  I don't think you can simply gloss over Gio's Mexican nationality. But who knows? This will say a whole lot more about Dos Santos than it does the MLS.  Why does that matter?  Mexico's coach has openly come out in support of his players playing in MLS.  There are also an insane amount of Mexican fans in the US that would love this.  It's a win for everyone and now reports are coming out at there is a 60-70% chance Chicarito is signing with Orlando.
This is a major misconception.  Correlation =/= causation.    There is no research that suggest marijuana use triggers anything.  There is a very high possibility that people you have these illnesses are simply more open to "risky" behavior or are self-medicating for early symptoms.  In addition, the ages that typically are experimenting with marijuana use coincides with the ages of onset for many common mental illnesses.  I know a lot of people here have anecdotal evidence supporting your comment, but just know that you are spreading unconfirmed information, which is typical in these types of threads.
Do you want to work client side or at an agency or vendor?  Almost nobody has their MBA on the agency side, as experience is everything (from what I've seen at the places I've been).  Plenty of people have them on client side, but a lot of employers there will pay for you to go back to school while working anyways.
Ah, so drunken dope-addicts or glue-sniffers.
The Stanford band is a student run organization that purposefully trolls people (have been doing it since the 60s) and don't take themselves too seriously.  It's all part of the act.  I actually find it kind of refreshing and entertaining.
Well they were playing them so...
Did he just say "trickeration"?
I mean we were sanctioned by the NCAA and lost a fuck ton of scholarships and recruiting momentum, which you can see now.  It's a process to get back to form.
Why do you build me up...
Lol, did you even read the articles you linked?  They specifically say that doctors are paid to give speeches at conferences for marketing the drug, not to give it to patients.  The only cases you linked to with doctors prescribing drugs while getting paid were about them getting arrested.  It's also hilarious that you said:  &gt;Your country is the only country where...  Then linked to an article that is specifically about the UK, starting:  &gt;Drug companies are paying an estimated £40m a year to British doctors in service fees, flights, hotel and other travel expenses, according to the trade body that represents pharmaceutical companies.
That wasn't a backflip...
[That's what I'm sayin](http://imgur.com/yQQj8u5)
http://i.imgur.com/lIaA3.gif
To be fair, the crest shape is a direct reference to the [Los Angeles coat of arms](http://imgur.com/0HKCQZq)
