At least according to the pre-order bonuses listed, the only ones that are exclusive to the pre-order are emotes. The others seem to be early unlocks. So...
Just go read the comments on /r/StarWarsBattlefront, or on YouTube, or pretty much anywhere else on the internet. You'll get happy again.
I thought we were talking fruit salad, no idea why. Regardless, that suddenly becomes about 5 seconds of preparation instead (in that you just wash it then eat it!).
Oh God, I'm in the middle of Bravely Default right now (on Chapter 8). Awesome game, awesome story, cool characters, gorgeous art style, beautiful music, smooth and fun combat, etc.  But right now I'm damn pissed about two things:  1) Fighting the Black Blades on Chapter 8. Screw the "My Hero" power so freaking much! I can't do shit against these guys!  2) You don't just replay the game's content once. Not twice. Not three times. Not four times. But FIVE times?! You can't be serious!!! I know it works with the story and all, but if it's not leading to a fun gameplay experience then change the story around it!
What's hilarious though is that even with those lock-ins, it was *still* super irritating. It just goes to show how much better organized Metroid 1 and Super Metroid were--even when not locked in, you could still find your way around. (And you could go large stretches of time without looking at the map in Super Metroid.)
You're welcome.
Oh, POOP, you never let us down!
"People talk loud when they want to act smart, right?" "**CORRECT!!!**"  "Keep going! You're good! You're good! You're good!"  Also, [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3zk98y/what_are_some_simple_things_you_can_do_to_make/cymxwuf) is happening right now.  EDIT: "But the door is locked. And the only way out is through the...*perfume department*."
Okay everybody...let's get this over with.  One. Two. Three...Four...
I mean, there is online multiplayer. And local multiplayer. And playing against bots.  EDIT: There was a wording misinterpretation on my part.
Oh.  Okay that makes much more sense.
Within the first half hour of T3, the movie rejects many of the best themes and features that made T1 and T2 so damn good.
I guess that's not why he's here.
An end to the Jedi, and to the Sith (since Vader was going to die as well). Huh.
Yeah couldn't find the right way to do it on this sub.
Health.
The pseudo-Empire is not nearly in the same position of power that the Empire was. They're closer in line with power to the Separatists. The resistance is in line with the rebellion, but there's also the republic dynamic added.  We also have no idea of Rey.  Kylo's internal struggle is far different than Vader's, and we arrive to it at a far different time as well. And do we know that his change of heart will save the day? You're making assumptions about movies you haven't seen just because 5 and 6 did it. That's exactly the opposite of what's being claimed by J.J. (who, well, wrote and directed this movie and is on the board for the next two).
&gt;42% of those movies all have the same climax.  57%, actually. The Trade Federation base in Episode I definitely counts.  &gt;But JJ won't be directing 7 or 8 so how invested was he in telling the story.  George Lucas didn't write or direct Episode V but it's still part of the story he designed. Same with Episode VI, where he didn't direct it but had a slight hand in writing it.  Much like the OT and the PT, a very basic outline of the story was probably established well ahead of time. You can tell, based on many of the mysteries that have been established to be answered in this movie (as well as in IV). My assumption is that this base outline was designed by at least Michael Arndt and J.J., since J.J. is still executive producer for the next two movies, and Arndt wrote the original script before it was rewritten by J.J. and Kasdan. Rian Johnson was almost definitely filled in on the basic outline, and interviews have actually reported that Rian Johnson was involved in making changes here and there to the rest of the trilogy, so he's also involved in the story.  So J.J. may not be writing or directing it, but he's still in the seat where it seems he had huge involvement in the design of the full trilogy story, with Johnson, Kasdan, and Arndt also heavily involved. And he's still executive producer.
If she *is* Luke's daughter, they won't make it the big reveal. They'll make it a side reveal. Just as they did with Kylo Ren with his reveal.
&gt;that the Jedi had abandoned the ideals they professed to follow.  But something that has been shown throughout much of Star Wars EU lore is that this is often a huge flaw of the Jedi Order. They claim to be keepers of the peace, guardians, yet will often sit by as the galaxy burns. In fact, they'll often do nothing, not even nonviolent actions to profess peace. Only when Sith get involved do they get off their asses.  She may claim that the Jedi have gone against their ideals, but many would claim that the Jedi Order's tendency to remain borderline apathetic also violates their ideals.
OK, 3. 2. 1. Let's jam!
The final scene in Cowboy Bebop.
See my reply [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/4qe10j/will_smith_on_why_you_cant_get_away_with_making/d4si3pw).
The airport scene.
There are several defenses for Avengers:  - Avengers' tone is generally lighter. It may have serious moments, but its tone is far more consistent throughout. Man of Steel didn't know what it wanted to be. It had super stark contrast of tone in alternating scenes in ways that was super jarring and didn't seem to make sense. Serious moments that should've been reaped more were just dumped. Avengers provided a much more smooth experience with this. - The Avengers put much more effort into avoiding destroying buildings, saving civilians, and pushing conflict away from those who couldn't defend themselves. Superman pulls Zod into several different buildings and launches him through them. - Superman is way more controllable than the Hulk, and yet the Hulk was able to hold off on collateral damage much more easily than Superman. Or, at least, he showed that he cared about it. - Avengers doesn't dump its chance to linger on this. Man of Steel seems to show it happen, and then dump it. But Avengers 2 and Civil War do actually focus on the collateral damage, and then roll with them and their effects and repercussions throughout the rest of the films. They present the ideas, *and* roll with them.
Oh God...
Arnie opens up his arm and parts of his skin in T2 too. There's also focus on the inventor guy as he's bleeding out and shivering in pain.
Not quite. Some of the main ones he quoted were the exact top comments I was seeing on the video. Hell, there wasn't a top comment on the last video that *wasn't* addressed in this response video.
The Incredibles.  No capes!
It seems to be a bit more divisive than Rogue One, particularly because the critics are far more mixed about it as well. Just to name a few examples, you have Jeremy Jahns, Chris Stuckmann and RLM who all loved TFA (Awesometacular, A+, and general positive response, respectively), and the former two named it their favorite movie of 2015. Then with Rogue One, Jeremy still loved it but it was his number 6 or something of 2016, Chris Stuckmann (B, I think?), and RLM (general "meh"). Metascore is also 81 for TFA versus 65 for Rogue One.  But despite that, generally most people really like both. Including critics--that's why TFA has a 94% and Rogue One has an 85% on RT. It's really hard to not at least *like* the movies.  &gt;EU cry babies who can't accept that the EU is not canon  Oh, don't even get me started. I saw one person say, "Why couldn't they just make TFA about the Yuzzhan Vong war?! That would've been so much better!" Meanwhile, the Yuzzhan Vong war is one of the most panned pieces of the old EU...
And that's why they weren't just for troop transport--they were simultaneously that and siege weapons, and ridiculously well armored.
- I haven't really heard anyone mention that as a cheesy moment. It was also well-delivered. - That's a line that's been in every Star Wars movie--it's just part of it. Also, Han said the word "bad" really short. - Pretty sure Han didn't say that. In fact, he actually just stayed silent. Maz shouted out "*Han Solo!*" - The 2 gangs scene is something that could've been super cheesy if it had poor delivery. But the delivery was strong so it didn't stick out. - Odd couple? I mean, she yells at him for grabbing her hand twice out of nowhere, especially when she's been a loner for, like, ever, but that's it. - I mean, Finn could also be exuberant and youthful...when you live a life of conditioning, its a lot of repressed exuberance that could be released. I find it funny how people say him not being completely bland is unrealistic when in real life, it's often the ones who have been cooped up with a super repressive religion all their lives (or something of the sorts) who end up going completely crazy or out there when given an ounce of freedom. - Maybe...I mean, it's an old droid that holds a lot of memories and value (both actual and sentimental) to those in the Resistance, and they wanted to keep it safe while on low power mode.  Part of it is the fact that much of this stuff was well executed and delivered. The reason why Rogue One came across as far cheesier is because not only was quite a bit of its dialogue worse, but the delivery got super shoddy at times. Most of the time, not the actor's fault, but probably as a result of bad direction. James Earl Jones and the "choke" line is a great example of this.
So this is actually my favorite joke of all time, but may I suggest an augmentation of it? It makes the last line hit even harder, while also foreshadowing it:  So one time there was this kid named Tim. Tim wanted to really wanted to go to the school prom with a girl named Janet. So one day, at school, he walked up to Janet and asked if she wanted to go.  She said yes!  But Tim had spent so much time waiting that he now had to get a tux, rent a limousine, and buy flowers all at the last minute.  So first he went to rent a tux. And sure enough, since this was last minute, there was this *huge* line at the tux rental shop. But Tim was determined to make this work so he waited on the huge tux line for two hours and got his tux.  Then he went to rent a limousine, and sure enough, at the rental agency there was a huge line there too! This one about an hour long wait. But once more, Tim strengthened his resolve, and waited on the long limousine line.  Finally, he had to buy flowers, and what do you know? There was a huge flower line outside of the flower shop as well! Tim was getting really tired at this point, but he really liked Janet, so he waited on the long flower line, another hour and a half, and got his flowers.  On the day of prom, he pulls him in a pristine limo, wearing a gorgeous tux and holding beautiful flowers. Tim and Janet go to prom. They're dancing and having a wonderful time. Tim asks,  "How are you feeling, Janet?"  "Oh, I'm doing wonderfully!" she replies. "But I'm a bit thirsty. Is it possible you can go get me some punch?"  "Sure thing! One moment!"  So he goes over to the punch table, and sure enough, there is no punch line.
Fair enough.
Oh *that* one. I was referring to another but that one is really good too.
No, it's not. There was no weak point. There was a giant building that was heavily armored enough to avoid any bombardment. The heroes went inside to try to blow it up, only were able to set up half the charges. Didn't do enough damage, but did enough to open up a hole. The hole is where Poe went in and finished the job.
Yes...inside the room that wasn't even open until a lot of careful detonator placement was used.
I mentioned this on a similar thread, but Warner Brothers had at least three opportunities themselves to easily make a billion on a film. Batman V Superman, Suicide Squad and Fantastic Beasts all had fantastic marketing and incredible first weekends, but then lost all momentum when they were bad, terrible and alright, respectively.
Interesting. What are these posts about Newt, if I may ask?
Also [relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKNDml12Big).
You take my first point out of context without the rest. Also, do you really think the critics would actively search for things they didn't like and claim they liked it? No, there isn't a single person I know personally that liked it because "it's Star Warz!" They liked it for those same reasons. Your assumptions that they are lying and won't admit it holds zero ground in comparison. They are critics after all--they're supposed to give their honest opinion about the film.  And Yoda says Luke needs to complete his training in V--and he's an amateur. Your point? Saying he needs to complete his training doesn't mean anything here, except that it is incomplete.  Rey let out the Rathtars, almost crashed the Falcon, almost died on Jakku had Finn not found her before the troopers, cowered out when approached about a Falcon job, cowered out when approached about learning to be a Jedi, got captured, knocked out, and pushed to the brink of death (and would've died if Kylo was actually trying to kill her). Kylo was not trying to kill her because Snoke instructed him not to.  Kylo was certainly limping! He's limping in half the fight! It also explicitly shows him bleeding, and beating his wound.  You say it like these things need to be more obvious but I noticed these on my first watch.  Han says that they theorize that Luke was looking for the first Jedi Temple--that was the isolated island. He gave the location away secretly to one person, as a last resort in case he's needed.  &gt;That was never specified in the movie, and before you say it, no, books and games and whatever else doesn't matter when looking at the movie's own merits alone, otherwise the prequel trilogy is also much better than it is alone.  But it doesn't exclude the idea either. I think specifying how long it took would be potentially needless exposition. ANH didn't specify how or when the Death Star was built either.
&gt;What I implyed is that some critics might just have liked it "because star wars" but needed something more substantial to praise the movie,  Or maybe they would've criticized those aspects if they didn't like it. I mean, Rogue One had those criticisms thrown at it by critics--it was Star Wars, but it was not immune.  &gt;Luke didn't beat the shit out of darth vader in Episode V, he even lost his hand, remember?  Vader is a Sith Lord. Kylo Ren is not. As for Rey, generally in Star Wars EU certain Force users have had their abilities awakened by interactions with visions, holocrons or mind probes. Rey had two of those. And even with that, Kylo Ren spent most of the fight beating her.  &gt;she, who never piloted the falcon, knew not only how to pilot it but also how to fix its problem while Han Solo himself, who used the ship for decades, couldn't figure it out.  She had flown before--she mentions it on two separate occasions. She never flew the Falcon before, which is why she almost crashed it. She was also a scavenger her whole life--her job was literally tearing apart pieces of ships, reverse engineering them and repairing them so they could be traded.  &gt;It does because Starkiller was never mentioned before anywhere else, ever.  There's a thirty year passage between 6 and 7.  &gt;The first Order is not a powerful Empire.  It's the remnant of that powerful Empire. With lots of time on their hands.
Oh God. He was just trying to steer away the conversation to a save space again. Golf club, how could that possibly have an alternative meaning? Then he says the line, and he's thinking, "Wait, God dammit."
They literally say it in the film.
82 Metascore from critics is definitely high. 8.2 on IMDB is most definitely high (still in the all time top 250, actually), and that one has a ridiculously higher sample size than Metacritic. EDIT: The sample size is almost 100x larger on IMDB than on Metacritic!   User Metacritic scores are very inconsistent. Especially when games like Fallout 4 have an average 6.0 rating between consoles, or Black Ops 3 in the 4.0s.
Cut the IR sensors and the motion controls and they'd be able to sell it for 250 at a slight loss.   Or also cut those, upgrade the graphics chip, and sell at around 320 or so for a slight loss.  But selling a console at a loss is what both Microsoft and Sony do to keep their profit margins.
Short range bluetooth. The IR sensor is for pointing at the TV (using that IR sensor you place right below or above the TV), but not for connecting to the Wii.
Once again, incomparable.  - I have other games on my backlog. Wouldn't want to feel rushed to start and finish said game *that* month. Would rather have it, ready to play when I want as long as I have subscription. - The games are still far older than the newer games the other consoles are getting for free.
In addition to what others are saying, Sony also detailed the PS4's specs after E3 so we knew the power people were getting into. And both Microsoft and Sony, at E3 2016, has devs endorsing their new next generation games for the consoles. Edit: E3 2013, I mean.
Remember three things, guys:  - SD cards are getting increasingly cheaper. You can get a good 128 GB one for 40 bucks, and the Switch allows for up to 2 TB one. - SD cards are ridiculously faster than HDDs for random access speeds. - You don't have to install physical games, like you do on PS4 and XB1.
