Deadeye is a priest ADC with the ability to Revive anyone just like the removed summoner did. Ayy lmao rito
Alright, new champion has a 3 hit passive that randomly silences, has 100% armor pen, or blinds enemies. Way to go rito
In the 127 seconds it took the snowball to hit, Shen's base regen would have regened the base snowball damage. 100% damage reduction baby.
If a rengar is in your vicinity, you hear his ult as well, before the ! appears, especially Headhunter Rengars.
Well, you know, Rengar's range is like 600-800, Nocturne's is like 3.5 - 4.5k I think, and Reksai is global.
Veigar and Heimer are also Kaneki Ken, Shaco and Twitch are Crab guy from One Punch Man, Taric is rumoured to be the gay prisoner hero from One Punch Man.
8s silence though
There is w, and lately the japanese have been using most of the syllables, and are slowly abandoning b.
I don't know if you noticed, but Jhin has a huge hunchback, like literally Captain Grievous style, that's why he walks like that.
Well, Fiora is a fighter. Fighters usually have something in their kit to help them win trades.
riot@ritogames.com
Riot beat you to it. Around a year ago.
Why would you want to nerf Rengar?
Split push and roam, pretty much.
Zed has long hair as far as I know.
Swain shits on Vlad, Fizz shits on Veigar, and I'm pretty sure Trundle is Lee's worst nightmare, being able to block his Q, W and even R kick with his pillar.
xDDD gReat Meme, frend 5/7
He has no range.
Le epic NaCl
It will probably be IP restricted, knowing the Japanese MMO tradition. Also, there is no reason to play on 200 ping.
Again, I'm not sure about it being/remaining global. Japanese hosts are very sensitive to DDoS and/or foreigners creating trouble. Like servers get restricted just because a recently large number made trouble. Plus the japanese are kinda xenophobic, so even though it's Riot, there's that
I'm pretty sure Zed's teaser included rose petals. Cherry blossoms are usually smaller than that.
:\^) rito ples
Samuel L. Jackson with a deeper pitch
:\^)
?
Riot said he wasn't an ADC type of MARKSMAN, and a Rioter kind of reacted when people said it's an assassin marksman.
Post-rework Ryze had a 42% winrate until pro players learned to play him again to display how broken he is.
Gnar Jarvan was the most broken thing in the LCS for a month or so. Scratch-free laning coupled with bully potential and insane burst for a full tank.  Every single one of those champions were broken AF on release, with Gnar being a champion that took a long time to learn, while Jinx and Vi were instantly pick or ban status, Vi longer than Jinx because of her utility, and in general, overloaded reliable kit.
le epic plat 4 playing in silver 3 mmr normal games with 8 kills  xDxD    Spaghetti
The tunnel is leaked in a screenshot, though
Midlaner,while not an ADC with reliable CC, seems logical.
We already have Katarina
Consdering both the champions and minions seem to be trapped in it, it indeed seems like it's the same ability
A Rioter also said that by using Jhin's ult, you could bypass a Wind Wall, so at the same time, it makes sense.
Riot already said they regretted making Skarner a juggernaut, though.
I'm 90% certain it was a Repertoir, very recently (like last week). They said that they failed to recognise that Skarner wasn't a persisten damage dealer, but more of a tank. They also said that reverting changes in general is not a great way of doing stuff, because it's wasted work. It was also said that they could rework Skarner again, but that there are better champions to work on, i.e - they won't get as much bang for a buck as they would with someone else.
They revert changes only on PBE
That was a "hotfix" because pathing is very different from numbers and mechanics and will take a longer time to fix, while being an essential part of the game ALL players go through, much less like a champion, mastery or a summoner. It WILL be back, however. Reverts we're talking about never come back, at least not in the exact same form as they did before (champ might get buffed more or less on the ability, depending on meta/champ state).  However, the pathing was intended to be like that, it's just that too many players refused to get used to the new system which was more realistic, so now Riot's going to meet the players half-way.
Usually things in quotes mean that the word isn't by definition the exact term, but a term that is generally used (i.e in this context it was a quick, SOS fix, rather than a lowly tested small fix).
Probably until all the salt either is filtered by his kidneys or absorbed by his digestive system
OK, will do
Yeah, he gets AD. He cant get AS from anything besides AS per level.
Sure, on my way.
If you don't rush ER, I think IE Runaan ER/Youmuu would work. You could even rush Youmuu as a first item if you're mid and winning lane hard. Other than that I think ER or IE first is optimal because you can buy Cloak of Agility if you don't have money to finish either and you already have BF Sword; you won't fall behind as much as you would on any other champion.
Runaan's doesn't waste his bullets. Instead of 4 shots, he has 4 main ones and 8 secondaries. I haven't tested the 4th shot bonus yet, but I am on my way; though, I am presuming it doesn't apply it on the bolts since every shot deducts his ammo only when the middle on hits - this is however contradicted by the fact that Runaan's bolts apply on-hits, and the bonus damage is an on-hit.
Not only that, they Crit 100% of the time later on.
Any champion's build has more letters than a tl;dr even without comments on whether it's good or bad.
Runaan's passive minimum highest worth is 1788g, yet it offers more stat-wise.  Also, DD is 99,64% gold efficient with Physical Damage-only Spell Vamp and 15% damage taken as bleed. 15% damage take as bleed isn't damage reduction - it's basically damage minus 2 seconds of regen, which ranges from anywhere between 4HP to 30HP (I'm guessing base + health pot).  Now what has 15% damage reduction is PD, on one target.  DD's passive is nowhere near 1929g, it's base stats aren't even gold efficient, and it's passives are much needed to go above 100% gold efficiency. If we consider that 3/4 of Jhin's abilities are AD, then we could multiply the 412.5g worth of Spell Vamp by 75%, roughly, to gain 309g of SV worth. By granting 4-30HP dmg reduction, is the same as giving 2-15 HP/s, so it's 10 - 75 HP/5, which results in 150 - 1125g at level 18 IF it we're a permanent buff. Since we could say you receive damage around 5% of the time in a game, we'll multiply it by 0.05, getting 8 - 56g at lvl 18, with 30 - 225g at lvl 1. Now it's fairly obvious which is the winner. DD can't compete long term, and Youmuu wins against it any day. If you need sustain, BT is better since your crits do more damage than any of your abilities.
Well, you know, against a 300 Armor Nasus/Malph/Rammus it definitely becomes mandatory xD
