This is an explanation given to the simple devotee who cannot grasp complex concepts....or to a child.
You did not understand the question.
Wait what? Treated like untouchable for carrying copies of the vedas?  What is this, reverse universe?
So, 43 more to go?
There is an old story which goes briefly, "When the Parsi people landed on Indian shores, the then King of ~~Bengal~~ Gujrat(?) sent their leader a full glass of milk (Symbolizing, there is no more place to accommodate them).   The wise leader put a spoon full of sugar into the milk and stirred it - sent it back to the king. The King then welcomed the people."  and the rest is history.   In current context, I'd say the Indian Muslims are like [Roohafza] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rooh_Afza) in the milk.
*immoral?
Or make India populate dying countries - like Japan/Russia.
Indeed, So Aloo-Gobi and not Butter Chicken is Punjab's national bird.
Oh, it has two capitols which are seasonal? That's news to me.
Frightening. Just means, One has no idea who is behind all of this?
No.
you forgot the /s.
Only as a preservative (equivalent) and not necessarily used for working.  He is preparing ready to use reagent, so does not need methanol.
obligatory comment on any Space related news from India.
This post is linked to a completely different article....and its got 8 upvotes even.  Does no one click?
They do this in punjab a lot....treat cars like fucking trains....
Maybe its Maybelline.
Oh boy, that sour look on his face.
He is talking about pakistan.
So, do we also wait for the news how all of it was buried/destroyed because it was pre-islamic?   I read a news where people were considering burying Indus-valley sites for the same reason.   Ofcourse I appreciate greatly that the government/people in-charge did not let anything like that happen - helped preserve the world heritage site.
Was in the news man. Some politician claiming to try and re-bury them. It was on On /r/Pak too a long time ago. Besides, from the reactions of people on /r/Pak, no one actually reads/studies about the sites in mainstream. Is it true?  When posted of videos, most denizens seems quite surprised and have a "TIL" halo.
What's a Hindu Ummah?
How do they know 'at the behest of Pakistan'?
Have you seen the Hidden gandhi on the 500Re notes? Looks like a caricature by Laxman
I skipped your reply. Understood. Here...take my upvote and go.
Don't be ridiculous. If the SC - 5 nations do it, it's fine. Any other country does it, and the SC - 5 will sanction their asses for next two decades.
We still do that in several countries
Nahi. Vietnam is also threatened by China's territorial expansionist ideology.  India has practically lost 1/3rd of Jammu and Kashmir state to China's betrayal/designs and another one of its state is claimed Disputed by China in more recent times.  India is helping Vietnam defend itself. Akash missiles have little potency in offence.
Well, that ending was quite different to the anime where mine dies.
How is this a TL;DR?
How is this related to India?
So the ship of thesus paradox emerges?
Arry wah! Aljazeera with a positive news about india!?
Um...to the ignorant...how does 'going to the roadside prostitute work'?   :/ what do ask them like? 'Mereko is position mein karna h?'
Ignore this guy, pcmasterrace.
I can hear eurpore heiveing a sigh or relief.
Don't need a PC, so I dont care for its configs.
Wrt Beef; Dont cook at home. 24h moratorium before kissing.
China feeling humiliated, just was curious for that source because China definitely is not showing that in its policy.
Who are the 8
The last I knew, there was only 1 village.
India-bangaldesh had 3rd order enclaves. Only ones to have in the world.
No wonder people of most other communities fight to not be included under its ambit.
That's welfare.
But what has a 7 year old gotta do with money?
Hitting civilians through out the country. Needs to be investigated asap.
They denied it.
Meri birth certificate nikalne mein goberment ki halat kharab ho jati h...kya baat kar rahe ho sirjee
I did not know what good for them or not, when I did not even know the bird. Water is good. Insects, well its Australia, there's bound to be one crawling inside home every few days - I can always present tribute to them.   Meat, they seemed pretty resourceful to find them on their own, looking at meat pieces around home once a week.
1. Karnataka has the only 1(or 2 now) Sanskrit speaking villages of the entire country.  2. You have many many "Homemade" food restaurants in gullies of Punjab cities (Chd, Mohali, Amritsar etc) making it a economic choice for stomach filling food.    3. You reach your destinations about an hour early when you travel at night than day in Himachal and its quite safe and the bus drivers are amazingly skilled.
