Radiohead
Take barrier since he's basically an adc and you WILL get dived, that little extra defense is incredible on him. Don't farm with soldiers early because it pushes lane and uses Hella manna. Just get good at last hitting with his auto, it's not bad. Against melee, bully your opponent when they go for cs with a good w AA q AA. Conserve manna though. Keep a soldier up at all times so you can escape with w q e. In team fights it is RARELY optimal to dive into the team and insec them back. Use the wall as disengage and to split the team apart. Stay far away and be doing dmg the whole time even if it's not on an optimal target. Your q cd is low late so you can contact lyrics redirect soldiers. Max q first, then w so you can have 3 soldiers put at a time. Morello into ludens or zonyas depending, then straight dmg or a situational abbyssal. Treat him like an adc.
Yeah, It definitely showed.
Is everything cringe now?
Oh my goodness. This is just too much. I'm literally can't dying
Ahh, alright. Good to hear
Everything Everything -- Get to Heaven
Run the jewels 2 is 2014.
Does the whole league team use tyons
smile more
Aye aye capn
Yeah just go to search a show and there should be a bunch of categories under the search bar with Netflix originals near the top. Honestly watch Narcos.
Reminds me of sons of anarchy and boardwalk empire. Cillian Murphy is great though
Play safe, scaling adcs that can farm well in lane. Mf, corki, Lucian, jinx, kalista etc. Ezreal is on the rise along with twitch as well. Focus on farm before trades. If you aren't duo it's hard to coordinate trades. So just tell the support to hold spells defensively and just zone so you can farm. Then do work in teamfights. Keep track of big abilities like flash, or malph ulti. You know what I mean. If malph ult is up or whatever catch spell and your flash is not, stay back. Let the malph choose to be kited or forced to ult someone else. When big spells like that are gone, do dmg forever, keep auto attacking and stay at the edge of your range. No reason to suicide to kill one guy. It's better they run and you get free hits on tower or get drag or something. Farm, stay alive, and do dmg safely. That's how you do well on adc.
Thanks, looking forward to buying one after reading lol
Unless she is constantly running out of mana in the mid game where she is most powerful. We will see how it works. I just know that I use alot of manna with her if i cant reset off minions. It's her main trade in lane, and now you will lose manna each time you trade even if you have mastered it.
Yeah, but unlike an assassin he has to scale up to that point. Can't assassinate til about 20-25 minutes in.
Like Jack and Jill
Oh shit yeah thats right. Do they have halo too? Or is that just TSM?
Because they are owned by Riot. Riot can set any sort of contract terms on them, including not allowing them to spend time on another job/project. It is similar to how "moonlighting" or working at other clinics is not allowed for physicians in the medical field. Your employer wants you at your best, and perhaps having another project or job could detract from your primary jobs' performance.   However, I can't imagine that Jatt didn't just go ask Riot if he could do some small content on youtube or twitch.
Plus they are wearing new balance
I mean also dragons. Charlie Weasley works with all sorts of different breeds there.
Yeah like wtf..........
Big and open. Two floors I believe. But the tables were tight. Mostly all wooden.
For real like piglet is going to listen to anyone. That guy is just a pain to work with it seems
Or just leak before queueing up
Botrk for split push duels. Hydra for team fight
Yeah or the Fenix misplay at the end......for real tahm can be banned. Missing shockwaves is their own damn fault.
It doesnt help you split faster though......More attack speed helps you kill towers faster. Zed waveclears with his abilities not with his autoattacks like the champions would build hydra to split push. And then the most important thing....you have to be able to duel the person who comes to try to stop the split push. Botrk is better for dueling due to the increased single target dmg from passive and active. Hydra is better for team fights as you can get aoe off with the hydra active in the team fight. Like find me a game of a pro player split pushing with zed who bought hydra.
oh boy......the attack speed from botrk along with the ghostblade active is higher dps on a tower than with a hydra. Also there are no games where zed team fights.....cause hes a fucking split pusher. But people want to team fight him when they are ahead for whatever reason, so hydra would be better for that initial aoe quick burst from hydra and e. Late game with qss and zonyas you cannot burst a single target in a team fight. As for the not being able to duel.....of course you set up your split push, ya know by warding the path that people would have to take to get to you. Zed has low cd's meaning that he will always have his abilities up to duel and attack minions.  If you want some proof of peoples builds, look here. http://www.probuilds.net/champions/details/Zed  95% of the builds include a botrk. Only one person built a tiamat and it was in a 19 minute game that he bought right before it ended. Faker also played a game and went ghostblade into hydra also ended at a short 24 minutes, in which he basically snowballed and team fought the whole time. Everyone else builds botrk. Because you should be split pushing with zed. It's why hes picked. Literally stop arguing with me and go watch any of these games, or better yet, go ask a streamer like Bjergsen if hydra is better than botrk for split pushing.
You aren't. Read the graphic
Leave.
Loving the peptide structures here
Who could then relay to alive players?
In the context of last season and the Meta who was better?
Even if all that works out, lets remember who's directing it.
Not to mention it's 3 seconds, riposte is .75 seconds so just count to 2.5.
Parry right after Q. You will parry during the dash
Narwhal bacon
Go watch Prisoners
And read it.
6 feet under
Lol hero
He's also homeless and gross and has a real identity. Rorschach is simply Rorschach.
It cost time and therefore money to send a trick out to service your trash. Its an extra trip, so it's an extra charge. It sucks, but that's how it works. Can't just get shit for free all day man.
Well duhh
Yeah pretty much. You need a player that can take that risk every game and swing the lead. Sure being consistent is super desirable. You will not ever throw the game, but you wont swing the lead either. Which brings this question to mind. Will TSM be able to make one of their clutch players their consistent player? Or at least be able to turn one on or off depending on comp? So double can play ashe or sivir and live, and bjerg can stomp on viktor. Or bjerg can play lulu, and double can stomp on lucian? We will see.
We are going by longevity....best in their career. I put mata, and yellowstar in the same realm as hai. Sure Pyl, mithy, picaboo, gorilla all have had splits where they undeniably shot called better. But if we put into context all of their splits. Well mithy has been here a year. Piccaboo wrecked for a split when he went to KT. PyL did well for a year, now where is the shotcalling? They win the season, then proceed to have no shotcalling at all. Gorilla was pretty great on every iteration of tigers, however that teams shot calling has dipped in every iteration of tigers. From best team in the world to losing to WE, to coming back again, then dipping in groups against FW, then doing well again. Bengi was not the shot caller on skt. It has been said that everybody shot calls, with Faker and Bengi being the most vocal. On skt in season 3, mandu was actually the primary shotcaller.   As for Hai, he dominated NA for years. Lowest he finished on a team before retirement was 2nd place, and shotcalling had nothing to do with it-his wrists made him unable to practice long which made his champion pool predictable. TSM knew this and baited his zed to get chogath against him. This past season, he roleswapped to jungle and brought a team that was near relegations(if tdk had full roster from start, def relegations) to worlds. With little time, they beat every team in NA except TSM and CLG, then they overperformed at world through shot calling solely. If we want to examine c9 at their peak at season 4 worlds, they beat SSB in a game(who had better players in every position but adc), they beat Najin sword through shot calling(gorilla was on this team btw). Across his career I think it's reasonable to put him in top 3 or at the least top 5 in the world career wise.
Also poppys ram is really weird form of cc where you have to predict it at the right time because it starts before it hits and you are instantly in the cc. It has to be predicted st that close range.
Lol, yeah you can't ever like a new team because of bandwagoning. Then that team has no fans
