The real reason is that males benefit more from variability than females do from an evolutionary standpoint. Females can only produce so many offspring, but a very successful male can produce far more offspring by mating with large numbers of females.  Thus, there is an evolutionary advantage to males being more variable, because a highly successful male is going to have, say, 50 more offspring, while a highly successful female is going to have, say, 2 more offspring. Thus, males are rewarded more for being successful than females - but also punished more for being failures, as a male can easily produce zero offspring, while most females will produce at least some baseline amount.
Lottery income is treated exactly the same way as any other income. Why wouldn't it be?  If you live in a place where it isn't, it is because they're already taking off the taxes before they give it to you - you just aren't aware of it because you don't see the backend of it.  $800 million taxed is no different from $480 million tax-free.
It was from South Park.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect  1,000/292,000,000 is EXACTLY THE SAME as 1/292,000.  Use a calculator if you don't believe me; both come out to the exact same number (~3.4 x 10^-6).  This is basic elementary school math here. Do you not think that 9/27 is the same as 1/3? If you have a common number in the numerator and the denominator, you can divide both the numerator and the denominator by that number and get the exact same fraction.  Another way of thinking about it:  If every one of 292 million people bought a lottery ticket with a different number on it, then there would be a 100% chance of someone winning, with each person having a 1 in 292,000,000 chance of winning.  If 292,000 people bought 1,000 lottery tickets each, with no duplicate numbers, that would be 292 million lottery tickets purchased - the same as in the above case - and again, there would be a 100% chance of someone winning.  Ergo, the odds *must be* 1,000 times greater.  Obviously in real life, people buy lots of duplicate lottery numbers, so even if 292,000,000 tickets are bought, you don't always get a winner, but if you're buying all the tickets, then you won't get any overlap because you know what numbers you picked.
Relevant: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/2t1b9p/wp_its_the_year_2057_queen_elizabeth_still_reigns/cnuto8u
Yes, I'm talking about sub-Saharan Africa, which I hope was obvious from the context. Given that the Egyptians may well have been the first civilization to invent writing (and was certainly ONE OF the first), I'm talking about the sucky part of Africa. Obviously major civilizations existed in North Africa (Egypt, Carthage, ect.) and had writing. And yes, the Horn of Africa had writing as well (Ge'ez for instance predates the Roman Empire).  There was writing in sub-Saharan Africa prior to colonial times, but the locals didn't seem to do much actual writing - despite Mali, for instance, having the Qur'an, they didn't write down local histories and suchlike for some reason.
Incorrect. Waivers are indeed legally binding unless they are improperly or illegally formulated.  Being terminated illegally, and then signing a waiver in return for a severance package, is in fact legally binding and you can't sue.  On the other hand, the rock climb example is very different. For one thing, it is preemptive; for another, it is a matter of what is known as Assumption of Risk. Climbing is an intrinsically risky activity, and you are assuming responsibility for the risks you are taking; if you choose to engage in some risky activity, that is on your head, not theirs.  On the other hand, negligence does not fall under the standard assumption of risk, and attempts at waiving such would generally fail. Indeed, you cannot waive any state law or public policy.  Note, however, that they could, after their rock wall fell apart and hit you, offer you money in exchange for a waiver of further civil liability. If you signed THAT, then they would be immune to further suits (though if what they did was criminal in nature, they would still be criminally liable). Note that this sort of thing is what a settlement offer basically is - agreement to drop a suit in exchange for compensation.
It could be easily changed simply by organizing a push against it with lawmakers. The problem is that there is little organization behind restructuring or eliminating civil forfeitures. On top of that, raising taxes is unpopular, and it would be necessary for departments which are substantially funded by such things.
They get something for their money - an educated workforce, as well as advertising, both to students and to the world in general.  Making charitable contributions is a form of advertising. That's why companies do it in the first place (well, on top of actually wanting to do good things).
You totally choose who your voting base is by who you are targeting your appeals towards.  Moreover, they've been lying to their base and riling them up against the government for years. A lot of this radicalization is a result of their own whining and complaining about how awful the government is. It is hardly surprising that their base believes it when the party has been going on about how evil Obama is for so long.  They refused to nip things like birtherism in the bud properly.  They refused to stand up strongly when they needed to do so.  You call down the thunder, now reap the whirlwind, as they say.  They CHOSE to rant and rave and to encourage their base to listen to crazy people because them liberals can't be trusted.  Radicalism is not conservatism; in fact, the two are diametrically opposed. But they refuse to articulate this.
This is the main reason why casinos even allow blackjack to be played at all - most people who play blackjack are bad at it.
SJW.
Ironically, the first recognizable picture of an individual human being is a selfie.
To be fair, worrying about crimes happening in other countries tends to be fairly low priority.
Because of geological activity and erosion.  The Earth has an atmosphere, which means we have weather. We have running water, which over long periods of time breaks down rock. And we have active plate tectonics, meaning that the Earth's surface moves around and stretches and is smooshed against itself. We even get new surface over time, as old surface is pushed underground and melted and recycled.  The net result of all this is that craters disappear over time on Earth, while on the Moon, they stay intact.  The Earth actually has lots of craters, they're just mostly invisible now unless you use special instruments to detect the hidden underground changes caused by craters.  If you look at Mars, you can see it is much less heavily cratered than Mercury or the Moon. This is because it also has an atmosphere. But it has more visible craters than Earth, because it doesn't have much water and doesn't have its surface recycle itself and move around and stretch anymore.
The Supreme Court previously ruled that the fetal viability standard was the law of the land.  They did not revisit the ruling.  Ergo, the previous ruling about fetal viability (which IS a Supreme Court ruling) still stands.  Please read posts before complaining about them.
1) Fines are on top of forfeitures. If you profit from an illegal business practice, *all gains from said practice are forfeited*. This is *on top of* the fines.  2) Being fined is bad publicity.  3) Being fined tends to cost much more than you think it does.  The company is worth only $22 billion. The DOJ is seeking $900 million in fines.  For comparison, if you had a net worth of $200,000 (say, you owned a house), that would be the equivalent of a fine of $8,000.  Do you think that wouldn't hurt?
Another thing worth noting is that the Do Not Call list does not apply to, say, Dish making business calls to its customers about actual business stuff (renewals and subscription fees).  So it isn't like you're just dealing with one set of phone numbers here - you've got at least the people you're soliciting and the people who already have business with you.  The best people to call would be, I'd wager, people with a historical relationship with your company but who have no such relationship anymore. This would be an easy way for someone who was unwary to get numbers they're not supposed to call on their call list.
Incidentally, I love this:  &gt; Hydrastaic test is not necessary when:  &gt; 1. The foetus is born before 180 days of gestation.  &gt; 2. The foetus is a monster.  "I'm sorry, it appears you've given birth to an orc."  EDIT: FYI, in case you're wondering, "monster" is (or at least, was) an actual medical term for severely deformed babies.
There was actually a proposal some years ago for paid and government agents to intentionally go out and surreptitiously join conspiracy theorist groups to bring them down from the inside.  It never actually happened, though, sadly.
FYI, for those of you who are wondering:  The people are not being arrested for producing the videos. Libel suits are civil matters, not criminal ones.  The crimes they committed are, ironically:  1) Attempting to buy fetal body tissue. This is illegal. Also, tremendously ironic.  2) Fraud. They submitted fraudulent paperwork to the government in order to establish fraudulent shell companies to create their false identities. This involved lying on government forms (which is a crime), as well as mail fraud.
To be fair, if they're convicted of felonies, at least they lose their voting rights.
The thing about such technology is that if there are alternative ways of accomplishing the same thing, or if the tech is "obvious", it doesn't actually merit patent protection.  If he is still losing, he may well not have a useful/worthwhile patent.  In this case:  A) He didn't invent caller ID. The inventor of caller ID was Theodore Paraskevakos, who invented it back in the 1960s.  B) Kazuo Hashimoto built the first caller ID display device that could receive caller ID information in 1976.  C) In 1977, a Brazilian inventor, Valdir Bravo Salinas, filed a patent application for a caller ID device at the Brazilian Patent and Trademarks Office (INPI). The patent was issued in 1982 as patent PI7704466 and is the first patent ever issued for a caller ID equipment in Brazil. Later in 1980 two other Brazilian inventors, João da Cunha Doya and Nélio José Nicolai, filed different patent applications for caller ID devices. Mr. Doya’s application was filed on May, 2nd, 1980 and issued as patent PI8003077. *Mr. Nicolai’s application was filed on July, 2nd,1980 and rejected for being a mere copy of Mr. Salinas’ invention, thus lacking novelty.*  To put it bluntly, this guy didn't invent caller ID.
Actually, the Wrights' plane flew just fine, for a given definition of fine. They built gliders before they built their first plane, and their plane did, in fact, fly just fine. In fact, they flew 24 miles in their plane in 1905. Their first flights were just a few hundred meters in 1903. The first Wright Flyer did, in fact, take off under its own power.  The reason that the Wrights got into the air first, incidentally, is because they built their own engines. Dumont's plane only took off in 1906 because the Antoinette engine became available that year.
Actually, it is well proven at this point that the AMA actually decreased employment of persons with disabilities.
&gt; Even if you do try to pick out the "best genes," what's to stop the expression of those genes from having consequences beyond your knowledge?  Uh, you test it before you put it into mass production.  Duh.  They spend years testing their GMO crops to find the best ones.  It isn't like they just throw a new gene into a plant and then ship it out to farmers; significant R&amp;D is involved.  You're acting like all scientists are drooling idiots.  &gt; Who's to say that engineering resistance against one pest stopped the next from decimating your crop? What about the next drought?   GMOs are no *more* vulnerable to these things than ordinary crops, so it is an utterly meaningless argument.  Their baseline vulnerability will be the same as whatever the crop they were derived from, so it isn't going to be any worse.
The reason the emergency manager was appointed was because the people of Flint drove their city into bankruptcy. They kept electing inept, incompetent officials and kept refusing to pay taxes and pay for services.  The net result was that Flint went bankrupt.  The governor of the state (who was elected in part by them) appointed a city manager because the local government was no longer functional.
They're about 18.5 per 100k, versus 0.6 per 100k for abortions. So it is about 30x higher.  That said, risk is variable; some people are much higher risk than others. Also, all abortions are done under the supervision of medical professionals.
The ATF were shot at when they went to the compound. That's fact, not opinion.
Was he going to rape her, or did she say he was going to rape her when he wasn't?  There's a difference.  This is a little-known fact, but a huge fraction of people who commit violent crime claim they were acting in self-defense.  If she was acting in self-defense, then she should go free. But you have to prove that.
Actually, it is because the US is extremely wealthy relative to European countries. What we consider to be poor is above the median income of most of Eastern Europe.  The median American male makes about $46k per year, and the median American household income is north of $50k per year. Note that isn't counting government assistance, which would actually move the median income upwards.  Median means the middle income (i.e. the 50th percentile makes that).  Americans are, to put it bluntly, rich as fuck compared to Europeans, other than the Swiss and Norwegians (and the people of Luxembourg, Lichtenstein, Monaco, and San Marino, but they're tiny micronations with very low populations).
The reality is that it doesn't actually work that way, though; there are federal sentencing guidelines which determine how long you'll actually spend in jail. Obviously getting hit with something with a long minimum sentence changes that equation, but most crimes lack those (or have ones which are shorter than the sentence you're likely to serve anyway).  Many people are overly impressed by the possibility of serving 150 years or whatever, but in practice, adding together all the sentences is not likely to occur unless you do something really awful.  Competent lawyers aren't terribly impressed by that sort of posturing, but if you're dumb and uneducated (as many criminals are), it can seem very intimidating.
FYI, in this case, the convicted felon would win on the basis of legal necessity.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Necessity  Defending the life of another is one of the best necessity defenses there is.
There isn't a mass shooting every month in the US, at least not in the sense you're thinking of.  The US also has a population of 330 million, so is basically the equivalent of all of Northern and Western Europe put together.  Many US cities have a greater population than the entire country of Denmark.
These jobs aren't being exported. H1B visas have people from other countries come live in the US.  It is very different from exporting a job to China or India.
There's already a legal remedy for this situation, namely a restraining order.
Involuntary commitment is distinct from being convicted of a crime.
What game is this?
Armor is dependent on metallurgy and development of natural resources, which impacts not only the military but other things as well. If you're very good at making high-quality steel for armor, you're going to be able to make it for other needs as well.  Military use often helps encourage or even drives civilian use due to technological development and availability.
&gt; you're missing much of the point on your second argument... much of what's being discussed is that if we were in a simulation, we might be able to detect some of the corner-cutting techniques we use in video games... like the universe being discrete rather than continuous and containing infinitely granular detail... if a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, did the developers cull those resources to conserve memory?  This has already been falsified; we have 7 billion people on the planet. We haven't observed any such optimization features, despite having an ever-increasing amount of observation of the the world and making very careful observations.  &gt; it's not hard to immagine a well written simulation properly and discretely culling or loading resources without obvious artifacts  Sure. But at that point we get back into the "non-falsifiable" portion of the argument. Even still, though, the resources required would still be enormous for a simulation of the complexity of Earth with 7+ billion people on it (not to mention the several orders of magnitude more other things around).  &gt; as for ridiculous, the universe itself, in reality as we know it, is far more ridiculous than either of us can actually fathom  Reality isn't actually ridiculous at all. Counterintuitive, perhaps, but not ridiculous.  &gt; quantum mechanics seems pretty batshit insane, but decades of it providing more accurate predictions about shit we care about and not a single shred of evidence disproving it...  Quantum mechanics makes sense. It is counterintuitive to laypeople, but once you understand it, it isn't actually all that strange. And indeed, once you actually understand things, it is actually intuitive; it was how it was figured out initially, after all. Moreover, there are copious amounts of evidence demonstrating quantum mechanics to be correct.  This is the exact opposite of the simulation argument.  &gt; as for computing power, yes there are some assumptions built in that the limits of human ingenuity are rarely as tapped out as the unimaginative imagine... someone trying to predect the future of computing in the vacuum tube age would have employed the same arguments... and we have a functional 5-qbit quantum computer already... whose to say it won't be 10 qbits in a few years, and 20 qbits shortly after, and so-on... whose to say there's not another transistor to our vacuum tube?  The laws of physics. Quantum computers aren't nearly as useful as people think they are. They're useful for performing certain types of operations quickly, but for many conventional computing needs, they're not any better than ordinary computers, and can't be.  People just stick "quantum" before stuff and act like it is magical. Quantum mechanics isn't magic, it is just something many people don't understand very well. Quantum computers are useful for calculating out quantum mechanical systems and breaking certain kinds of encryption. They're not terribly useful for adding 2 and 2 together.
How can you tell how many times a comment has been upvoted or downvoted?
Note that the 38,000 number is because 35,000 Verizon workers were on strike, making them unemployed (as they weren't working), lowering the overall figure by that much. It would have been 73,000 without them being on strike.
Yeah, the test requires some amount of effort, so scientists, by and large, haven't bothered. You'd probably need to get some sort of big research grant and some reason for doing the study to get funding for it, because, well, I'm not sure what you're going to do with the knowledge. It isn't like some company is going to come up with some new drug based on mirror recognition.
Getting a visa into the US isn't actually all that difficult, the problem is mostly that a lot of people who want to sneak into the US aren't in the position where getting a visa would be easy.  Basically, they look for ties to your home country. If you have no ties to your home country, they'll be suspicious of you. Poor nobody? Not giving you a visa. College student? Business owner? Laywer? Doctor? Much more likely to get a visa.
Incidentally, all joking aside, Ethiopia really is a lot better off than it used to be. They had a drought recently and no one starved to death because now they actually have things like "civilization" and "people not shooting each other to death constantly".
&gt; What most people don't understand is that by asking for prison, the prosecutor was saying that the prisoner was worth releasing another offender, to make space in the overcrowded state prisons. The probation department recommended county jail instead of state prison explicitly because he was a low-risk of re-offense, and because of the realities that overcrowding means a more serious criminal could be released from state prison to make room for this offender.  This is a real concern thanks to California's overcrowded prison system. Building more prisons is divisive, though, as Californians want infinite services but not to pay any taxes for them.  You're right that this was another potential consideration.  &gt; By insisting on asking for prison instead of jail, he got his recommendation effectively sidelined for the probation report. If he had of asked for 2 or 3 years in county jail, the judge may have gone that route or split the difference between the ask the probation report recommendation.  You can't put someone in jail for 2 or 3 years. Jail sentences are by definition less than a year. That's the difference between jail and prison.
Link?
FYI, he has actually said that he deliberately surrounds himself with people who are inferior to him who look up to him.
I read all this stuff on screens all the time. It has a major advantage as well - it makes it much easier to check the citations.
&gt; federal bureau of prisons  Did you even bother to look at the chart?  There's only about 211,000 people in federal prison.  There are 1,351,000 people in state prisons.  There are 646,000 people in state jails.  The federal bureau of prisons makes up only about 10% of prisoners in the US.  The reason why there are a lot of drug traffickers in federal prison is because drug trafficking is a federal crime. Ergo, if you're smuggling in drugs from Mexico, you're not going to the California state prison system, you're going to federal prison.  Murder is not generally a federal crime but a state crime; in fact, almost all violent crime is a state crime, unless it is committed against a federal official or is an act of terrorism.  You can see that there are 169,000 murderers in state prisons, which is 75% of the total prisoner population of all federal prisons combined - and far more than there are people serving sentences for drug crimes in federal prison.  Using federal prison numbers is wrong. They only make up a small fraction of all prisoners in the US.
