It's also because you are the only country that really really really gets into everyone else's shit. I mean, this is a Swiss organisation taking bribes from South Africa and funnelling them to Trinidad and Tobago. Other than the fact that some people involved are American and they used American banks, it has nothing at all to do with the US. But there you are anyway...
There's a break in the middle, which is usually 70% adverts. Also during the build up and at the end. Even with the long halves, still have about ten breaks.
You were saying that the 'no breaks' system works for football. I was pointing out that football has plenty of breaks. That's all.
Why, has someone fallen down the well?
But it does have more than one *advert* break, which is my point fnaar fnaar
So, what you're saying is that if I drown myself in icy cold water then I'll lose weight?  Thanks for the info, I'll give it a crack! You should post this on Life Pro Tips!
That's interesting, I've heard of the drug, mostly in the context of people suffering horrific deaths as a result of taking too much, but always assumed that it isn't used medically because it's too dangerous.  Could you mitigate that with an ice bath? If temperature is the problem then maybe but there might be some other effects that wouldn't be mitigated. Very interesting idea though, but sadly I lack the knowledge to know whether it would work or whether it would just lead to multiple convictions for manslaughter...
You implied that football manages to be successful despite the lack of breaks. All I was doing is pointing out that football actually has a lot of advert breaks, a fact that may not have been apparent to someone who doesn't watch football and certainly wasn't made clear in your comment.  Was this a worthwhile contribution? Maybe, maybe not, but I sure as fuck didn't expect to still be discussing it a dozen replies and 24 hours later. If you disliked my thoroughly innocuous reply that much, you probably should have just ignored it.
I don't understand what you mean?
The voidspace dude got banned, I wonder why he's different...
Pot plants?  http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Guardian/About/General/2012/4/3/1333468800200/Does-having-pot-plants-in-008.jpg
Polishing the pink bishop.
Don't come the raw prawn with me mate!
&gt;One started a very successful adult athletic organization.  Tinder?
OKCupid?
UPISSEDS
So grunts can't fucking drive in California?
It's actually very simple.  When people buy your products, you get money, thus it is very important that they pay up.  When you buy products from other people, it *costs* you money. Thus paying is very unimportant and to be avoided if at all possible.
Can't speak for the US but in the UK this is commonly known as the "Proceed Directly To Jail" business approach.  It's very successful, assuming that your aim is to end up in jail.
That's not the rationale though. Those subs were banned because they were harassing people ie doxxing etc. They were not banned for their content.  If you want to start a new sub hating fat people, feel free, you'll have no problem doing so, *as long as you don't use the sub to harass people*.
Don't understand this at all. There is a clear and objective criteria. It's very simple and it is laid out in terms a child could understand:  Don't use a sub to harass people.   That's it.
No one has been banned for their ideas. The subs were banned for their *actions*, in harassing and doxxing people. You can *say* whatever you like but you cannot *do* whatever you like.
You can blame individual users as much as you like but the sub failed to properly moderate itself. There was harassment and there was doxxing and the mods did nothing.   The lesson here is that it is perfectly fine to run as ugly and hate-filled a sub as you like as long as you're not harassing or doxxing people. Likewise, if you are harassing or doxxing people, your sub will get banned no matter the content. If r/askscience started doing the same, they'd be gone too.
*check it out dude, I'm gonna do a sick worm on this guy's chest!*
This wasn't related to D&amp;G was it by any chance?  Edit: probably not. I'm trying to be sufficiently vague so as not to identify you, but did it relate to Prince Phillip?
BestBlow
A
It's actually very simple. The person who posted it came here to make the same comment as OP. But OP got there first. Should the latecomer simply post their comment as a new thread or repeat the original reply? Of course not, that would make no sense. But they would still like to contribute and show they also think the same so they reply with "came here to say this". What they are really saying is "I agree".  No idea how so many people get confused by this, it seems trivially easy to understand.
So, what you're saying is that my brain self-removing hobby might nut beee sqch aas Re object j ed jfjejshhdj
Or, for our US readers, it's very SNES-y right now.
*was* the working title...
Well, the power of Christ will be compelling *something*...
Didn't say you did but you're being very disingenuous.   The comment you replied to said that a 9/11 conspiracy could never have worked because of the number of people involved. You contradicted that statement by claiming the Manhattan project as an example of the government successfully keeping massive undertakings secret. Its difficult to see how that could be seen as anything other than a statement supporting the possibility of a 9/11 conspiracy and it was this that I was challenging, on the basis that the Manhattan Project was neither kept especially secret not for any length of time.  If you actually meant something different, then I have no idea what that could possibly have been. What were you trying to say?
I think I saw your mother in a film like that.
It would have to be a trilogy. Had the wall not come down, I'm sure it would have been done.
Interestingly, these are all things that the US has also done, only we don't call *that* terrorism...
Erm, actually plenty of people moan about the Sauds. It's a very common topic of conversation.
They cast the demon out of their money?
The drums, the drums of the deep.  They are coming.
THESE PRETZELS ARE MAKING ME THIRSTY!
I thought he had reached bottom but it seems he still has some way to go. Will see what happens...
Funny you should say that...  http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B004WN7ANG?me=&amp;ref=olp_product_details  From what I've heard, they work a treat. If not, baby valium is a good alternative.
It's not about plausibility but burden of proof. The burden of showing that you didn't know rests with you rather than the police, meaning that you have to provide some evidence that you didn't know.   Imagine a scenario where you are pulled over by the police. It's you and another dude and a bag with some coke. No other facts. In this scenario, there is no evidence to rebutt the presumption that you knew what was in the bag.   So, if the burden of proving you didn't know resists with you, you're guilty. But if the burden of proving you did know rested with the police then you're not. It's all about who has to prove their case. This is simply shifting the burden of proving it from the police to the suspect.  If you have a plausible reason, the police will have to prove that reason wrong before they can charge you. If you don't have a plausible reason then *you* have to prove you didn't know.
Fuckin' magnets, how do they work?
Is it possible you're confusing sequencing with matching?
Because it's a presumption of a fact and the presumption can be rebutted.
This is an Excelent pun thread.
No, they loved it. Made the water all warm.
Still send her the bill though.
I'm loosing the tigers!!
