every famous pro is in China right now for MarsTV Dota League.  wonder if A is there too , I need some BullDong Stream
*Silver Edge   FYP
can you explain where I can download it on that page?  Seems like im blind , I dont see any download button or smth
How Can I download this : KB3035583 manually ?   It seems like on the page from microsoft there isnt a download button or am I just blind ?  https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/3035583/de ?
Same here :(  and you cant download it manually I think
is this Shia LaBoef?
Maybe this could be relevant too :  http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/167u40/colorblind_friendly_minimap/
is it really that in english or are u trolling ?
Tinker
Why is the Tinker immortal not fixed yet ? -.-
omg yes please
you are absolutely right!  thanks mate , always giving my best
source 2 and Immortals 3 !  Lol , did you really think we would stop ?  you must be new here
how do they matchup so often  that he can get fed every game ? wtf
thanks for the fast help !
Can we have his Dotabuff??
Free trip to Feeladelphia
No Kappa no party
I dont know how this game works but im on lvl 1200 and everything dies before I really click anything :D
oh damn , hoped you would say watching replays together / or as 5
a little offtopic , but how is your twitch so dark ?  looks fantastic
Anyone played the masterplan so far?  is it worth 15€ ?
there are 2 heroes who are super good against him BS and nyx!   nevertheless a more general way of beating him up is Blademail! (for example clockwerk )
arcana detected
anyone knows whats in that patch ?
any analaysis on that?
Need infos on that one!  gogo analyze it someone *cheers*
where? how ?
Brothers - A tale of two sons!  but be ready for a free trip to Feeladelphia
Thats what we all hoped but no...  I dont get it , there are billion spells, spells stolen , spells reflected now even by lotus orb but 5 different auras = visual clutter !  I dont understand it
It still starts 32bit version while having 64Bit win7
Who votes TONY ?  COME ON BOYS
can you elaborate what do you mean with DX11?  where should I add it ? ( nooby here )
also "^" is still autobind to Console , EVENTHO I have my console on F3!  This means I cant bind anything to "^" and thats where my Quickbuy is normally!  QWERTZ keyboard
how to activate that ?
OH MY !  THE FUN BEGINS
this still seems not to work!   just look at radiant mid for example
no LD?
Is this key purchaseable ?
and if that doesnt work, there is always roaming mirana
oh my! thanks a lot&lt;3
remember tinker? who was like good for the Summit2? and ESL one frankfurt 14, literally like 2 months span???  BAM NERFBAT OF DOOM AND DARKNESS FROM THE ABYSSAL HELLS WHERE LION HAS BEN 3 TIMES.  remember morphling AM battles on TI2 ? and Morph is gone since then ( he was like back for 2 weeks where his stun was OP ) but since then... GONE  and he is gone since then...
probably saving it to be extremely rare in a special chest of the compendium!  for example the WD frog was created more than a year ago and was just added a month back
LOOK EE in the eyes while saying that! He HAS to use Secret.EternalEnVy or however the fuck he wants it but THOSE letters only
and live games!  so they see your pings / drawings on the map like casters can do
too long didnt read
dude there is like so much more to it than just those points...  a lot of lower skilled ppl dont have ANY real idea behind the game, all they know is okay when we kill towers and rax we win and meanwhile some kills are happening left and right!  that is the view of a 4k guy... Im pretty sure a lot of 4k players have the mechanical skills to be good but they are so far behind in terms of strategy and understanding what is actually happening in the game and whats not
so only because it attacks the fastest and has +1 stat? or is the passive in any way useful ?
hmm maybe also relevant for ppl who wanna do the "Sprinter" conquest!
not UI but actually make Followers SOMEWHAT useful regarding damage ?
