But that's not the same as saying all languages don't exist.
I thought about something very similar at the end of Independence Day.
...yeah, sounds about right.
Heh heh... Try again, kid...
Cingular wireless. But they've been split up anyway.
Another party's over...
RTS: Rise Of Nations  Flight sim: TIE Fighter CD  TBS: Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri  FPS (action): System Shock 2, Deus Ex  FPS (stealth): Thief: the Dark Project  RPG: The Return of Heracles
My understanding is that China is specifically excluded, and the TPP is part of the "Great Game" in global trade between the USA and PRC.  I don't remember where I read it, but there was an indepth analysis of China's outreach to nations around the Pacific Rim, and the pattern suggests that China was aiming to counteract and contain the U.S. gains from the TPP - which would not be indicated if the PRC were part of the talks to begin with.  IRL IDK though. The TPP is hardly transparent.
Fair enough - my point being that the TPP does not include China.
Goddammit, Ambassador!
The end of About Schmidt, when Jack Nicholson's character gets the letter back from Africa.
A priest is playing golf with a sailor.  The sailor uses salty language each time he misses. "Goddammit, I missed!"  The priest warns him not to curse in God's name.  The sailor misses again. "Goddammit I missed!"  The priest cautions him again.  The sailor misses a third time. "Goddammit I missed!"  The skies open up and the hand of God casts down a bolt of furious vengeance which completely obliterates... the priest.  The sailor looks up into the sky.  A booming voice from heaven says "Goddammit, I missed!"
Robert Frazier, the Golden Bough. The ur-example of anthropological comparative study of religions. Frazier was blacklisted for including Christianity (then seen as scientific fact) in his survey.
MMDDYYYY  :eye-twitch:
It looks like the expensive place in the Hampdens where Louis CK got roped into a charity show by Seinfeld.
Whores d'oeuvres?
Yeah, if you go round putting your watermark on stuff, how would another redditor repost it for karma?
State or country.
Cool!
[This thread in the Steam Community](http://steamcommunity.com/app/287450/discussions/0/540744474973293679/) may have some useful info. I recall I had this problem too, but I fixed it and I don't remember how.
In my city, Guangzhou, there is a skyscraper nicknamed the Electric Razor because of its shape, and it actually captures and converts enough wind energy to be self supporting off the grid. It was originally designed to give back excess electricity to the power grid, but ultimately because the grid is an inflexible state owned enterprise, it wouldn't accept the electricity generated and they scrapped that idea.
German tankers and infantry were amazed to discover, in the aftermath of many hard fought battles during Operation Barbarossa, that the fierce Soviet resistance included many female soldiers, especially snipers, who fought in inhuman conditions with meager supplies against overwhelming numerical odds.
Rizlas cigarette rolling  papers also do this.
Pre-release purchases of game software.  Parenthood for everybody regardless of their inclination, preferences, financial situations, or responsibleness.  Lawbreakers doing it for the infamy and news coverage (this is happening now as mass shootings have begun omitting the names of the suspects).  Gamble-and-bailout practices by financial institutions.  Overuse of italics, bold, underlining, etc. in websites and resumes.
Screws.  Just think about how they work, and what sort of mechanical or mathematical visionary first thought them up.
Probably the sex change operation footage from South Park when the teacher became a woman.
Actually the largest sandwich you could make and still stay on land would be one person in China and one person in Argentina.  There is not much of the world that has landmass at both ends of the antipodes.  There was a cool link for this, lemme find it.  Edit: I tell a lie! [This picture](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/Antipodes_LAEA.png) shows that although China/Argentina is the majority of the available antipodes, it's by no means the only one. In fact there appears to be an equatorial one with Malaysia or PNG and Ecuador or Bolivia which would probably be bigger, given the ovoid bulge at the equator.
Overseas, maybe. C.f. Dalai Lama, South China Sea dispute, Taiwan sovereignty, etc etc.  Domestically, however, they're doing all right. And although that's questionable from a long game view, most nations' policy making have historically had to focus on keeping the constituents happy before worrying too much about overseas opinion.  They probably have to spend their manpower on internal propaganda first before caring about overseas opinion.
Wasn't there an article about how the Chinese police are essentially doing this with civilians and their social media/criminal history?  It raised a ruckus with the Reddit crowd.
Bryant said two of the skinjobs got aced trying to cross the transit ways but there are still four more out there.
It's the only planet with David Beckham's right foot.
Step one: Cut a hole in the box
Chopin's Nocturne Op. 27 No. 2  It's slow going.
"Oh, this is so much *more* than a bag...!"
This is a very close cousin of "some day people will post TIL about how Star Wars wasn't actually started by Disney but instead by some guy named George Lucas".
There may be other designated poop-free zones, c'mon, let's not judge...
It was a decommissioned weather satellite, if I recall correctly.  So it was serving no useful purpose in space and they decided it would make for a good demonstration of their missile tech and telemetry.
I remember this doing the rounds of the internet around the early 2000s... [Giant robot vagina lasers](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8f82yVHNv1rdp2jwo1_1280.jpg)
Did you know that you can sort of sing the Star Spangled Banner to the tune of the Soviet National Anthem???
Excellent response. It's worth noting that even Queen themselves had no idea the song would get so big. Freddie Mercury, who wrote the thing, thought it would top out at #3 on the charts, instead of doing 14 weeks (combined) at #1.
"That's not the way to get ahead in life."  "Too bad he wasn't more headstrong."  "He'll never get to be the head of a major corporation."
It's much more popular up north. There are some great Lao Beijing teahouses which serve it with five different sauces to mix and match. Very good food!
Just tried hákarl (fermented shark) in Iceland. It was kind of like a rubbery cheese with an ammonia smell.  The ammonia is why they have to bury and ferment it, as it's toxically strong otherwise.
Yeah. Me too, man. Me too.
But you'd wait till you got home first. Good on you kingolingus
What's a water closet?
Milliways, the Restaurant at the End of the Universe.  I hear the beef is humanely prepared.
"...information vital to the safeguarding of the Circus..."
Pillars of the Earth  Porterhouse Blue
Even stuff like the popularity of Simple Jack is at least partially grounded in fact: all the drug mercenaries seem to speak Mandarin Chinese, and Forrest Gump was the first really well known Hollywood movie to be allowed in to China, where it became decently successful and most younger Chinese folks have seen it.
