Ive been reading and posting a lot over in r/sandersforpresident. Some of the antifeminist/feminism-critical stuff I say gets downvoted. Some of it gets upvoted. There are definitely people there who apparently can't fathom the idea of a progressive who's against feminism, and from the votes, I'd guess there are other people who can easily separate the two.
Testosterone increases risk tolerance. If you're inclined to be aggressive, but also inhibited by fear of consequences, testosterone may make those inhibitions affect you less, thus resulting in aggressive outward behavior - but it didn't cause the aggressive inclination to begin with.
She was against gay marriage before she was for it.
&gt; Do the democratic politicians have some kind of obligation to support Clinton over Sanders or what?  Nothing legal, just politics inside the party. Since Clinton is the presumptive nominee, no one wants to be the one supporting her challenger.
They don't need to. It'll just be  SHUT UP!   SHUT UP!   SHUT UP!  on loop, bookended by ominous music, a scurry B/W photo of Sanders, and an endorsement for whoever, who will be smiling at babies and kitties in a cheery, colorful setting while soothing music plays.
He voted yes to _debate_ it. According to a recent interview, he's going to vote no on _passing_ it.
&gt; Socialism is not wealth redistribution/social democracy - socialism is the workers owning the means to production, which is not true of any of these industries.  If corporations are people, then the workers DO own the means of production.  By workers, of course, I mean stockholders, executives, and the board - the people who make the decisions.  ...Employees? Why, those are just equipment. Do you let the robot that spotwelds a truck frame own itself, let alone the factory?
&gt; And he could have just as easily said that gerrymandering is and unfair practice that punishes all constituants.   He has criticized gerrymandering in the past.  &gt; My first goal would be to repeal the citizens united bill  Uhhh... there's no bill, dude. It was a Supreme Court decision. You gonna repeal the 1st Amendment?  What we need is a Constitutional Amendment. I like Move to Amend's version that doesn't just limit political spending but says that corporations are not people, they're not entitled to Constitutional rights intended for natural persons, and money is not speech.  &gt; As president the DoJ is as your disposal. I would turn a good portion of resources on congress and start forcing resignations on both sides of the aisle.  This would be far more effective if we had proper anticorruption laws.
&gt; You know who else called himself a democratic socialist? Martin Luther King Jr.  What you say isn't exactly wrong, but trying to compare himself to King could backfire HARD. Bernie needs to take care to be seen as furthering King's anti-poverty legacy, not appropriating it, IMO.  &gt; Incorporate the explosions in Ferguson and other places as part of his narrative that American democracy/society is in deep crisis.  He has done this repeatedly. I guess you want him to put Ferguson and Baltimore front and center?  Do you realize that 3/4ths of Americans are white (and therefore relatively unaffected by racism), and nearly all of them don't live in Ferguson or Baltimore? I'm sure Bernie will talk more about the ties between wealth inequality and jobs and unrest in black communities, but he's been speaking to a broad audience for much of his career.  &gt; Cornwell West  It would be awesome if Bernie could work with or be endorsed by Cornel West. He's charismatic and smart as fuck.
&gt; It raises a question for me though: do the poor identify as poor in the US? Do we have accurate perceptions of our own upward mobility (or lack thereof)?  I don't know about the poor's perceptions specifically, but studies have shown that in general Americans think that wealth inequality is much less extreme than it really is.
There's a bunch of difficulty in talking about race generally, but there's also difficulty in not talking about it. Pick your poison?
We can't tell who's what race on the internet because you're all just a bunch of text. We are literally "color blind". The only thing we do know is that almost everyone is white, because Reddit (and because American internet generally).  What would remind us that you exist in this sub - and to what extent - is if we could see race. But if we created racial flair, I think someone would say "Nazi armband" inside five minutes.
Here's one: http://www.law.umich.edu/newsandinfo/features/Pages/starr_gender_disparities.aspx
Oh, yeah. That cartoon was one of my favorites :D
&gt; the guy arguing it is very passionate about that point.  I bet he is.  &gt; what is the correct response?  Defenestration.  Presenting him with counterevidence to his claims will just make him cling more tenaciously to them and discredit you as a reliable source of information.
It's a repair you can do yourself if you're comfortable rebuilding engines, otherwise no.  As I understand it, it's caused by running on low oil, which keeps it from adequately lubricating the rod bearings, which leads to bearing damage. If you fix it but don't keep the oil topped up, then yes, it will happen again.
&gt; If we can't accomplish the change peacefully then there would only be one other option...  Even considering the realities of urban warfare, a tiny, violent insurgent force can't take down the US military (which can now legally be used as police on domestic soil... thanks, Obama!)  Consider secession as a _slightly_ less hopeless paradigm:  Push for local and state laws that directly conflict with or nullify harmful federal laws and executive orders (such as the TPP, if passed) and elect people who would be willing to pass them AND direct state or local police to enforce them (finding and successfully electing someone like this is by no means easy, mind you) while using lawyers to drag out the argument that takes place when the federal government tries to push back for as long as possible. The controversy this generates will generate media awareness and put pressure on Washington.  At the same time, push states or localities to create institutions that replace or supplement Federal ones and could continue without federal support.  At the same time, reach out to like-minded people, organizations, and elected leaders in neighboring states to form regional blocs. These blocs can coordinate planning or messaging between alternate institutions, and their federal representatives can act together in Congress to push regional agendas through or wring concessions from unallied states.  It is entirely possible - and preferable, considering the power of the US military -  that states will never actually need to secede; coordinated action and self-sufficency may be enough. But in the worst case, instead of a rag-tag group of civilian extremists conducting clumsy domestic terrorism in clear violation of all applicable laws, you'll have a small country, complete with a legitimate government and functional economy, ready to split off from the US with a standing force of well-supplied professional fighters who are on the side of the people.
Because blogs never get linked here? C'mon. We post tweets, for Christ's sake.
Okay okay, sorry.
I _think_ it's just an online poll, not something official or binding. Hard to tell.  But wow, those numbers! He's breathing down her neck and they haven't even debated yet.
&gt; It dawned upon me recently that adopting the issue of police abuses/community relations might be a way for Bernie to enhance his contribution to the national discussion and, at the same time, increase his minority appeal.  He has adopted this issue. He's been talking about it for a while now.
Looks like every single one of the comments there is pro-Bernie.
&gt; I can tell you from some of my work that people love the idea of work, but a large number don't want to be caught doing it or labelled as working.  Ah, classism. _This is what it looks like, kids!_
Without reform, third parties have no chance at the Presidency whatsoever in the foreseeable future. The system is that rigged.  If you want to build third parties, you'll have to do it from the bottom up; cities and towns are where party politics are weakest.
&gt; So why AREN'T the traditional leaders (e.g. Jesse Jackson, Oprah) throwing down their support?  Have you tried asking them? We're not their PR.
Do the first 10 not kill the deer? How many shots do you need before you can hit a home intruder?
&gt; I seem to recall a bunch of anti-war marches that didn't accomplish shit.  The Commander-in-Chief can end wars (the fighting part, anyway) singlehandedly, you know. He has that authority per the Constitution. He doesn't need permission from Congress to _stop_ fighting. He can't be forced to commit troops with a veto-proof majority.  "General, I want all the soldiers out of [warzone] ASAP. Get it done."   "Yes sir, Mister President."
&gt; if there is a home intruder why am I limited in my rounds to protect my family?  If you can't hit a man at close range with ten rifle shots, I'm not sure I want you holding a rifle at all, if you follow me. And if he's not at close range, that's what spare mags are for.  &gt; Or if by chance we are invaded and I have to protect my country (I pray never happens) what's the benefit to me having only 10 rounds?   You realize that we have a standing military, right? One that costs a trillion dollars a year and is one of the most technologically advanced and best-equipped in the world? One that has overwhelming air and naval superiority? One that will see an invading enemy force long, LONG before you do? What on earth makes you think you'll be the one defending our soil from invasion with your rifle and your ten-shot mag?
Downticket.  Dowwwwwnticket.  Senators. Representatives. State government. Do you follow?
Did anyone else catch his claim of 180,000 donors giving on average $40? That's $7.2M.
Here's what would have happened:  - virtually no mainstream media coverage - no presence in official debates - Democrats would be ignoring him en masse or accusing him of being a Nader-like spoiler - many cynics who currently support his run would view him as an unserious fringe candidate with no hope of winning, and would not bother supporting him - all his campaign funding would have to go toward petitions and voter re-registration efforts just to get his name on the ballot in all 50 states, leaving almost none for actual campaigning
He hasn't announced his tax plan yet. We'll see the numbers when he does.  But here, [look here at this video about wealth inequality](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPKKQnijnsM).  It's really good and not too long, but if you're in a hurry, skip to 6:00. See that _gigantic_ spike on the right of the graph showing what American wealth really looks like, as opposed to most people think it looks like or what they think it should ideally be? Yeah. I'd bet money that spike is where he really wants to raise taxes.
Really? I hadn't noticed.
His positions are actually favored by a majority of Americans, so this kind of result is pretty common.
Sanders. Up the brand. People already know what families look like.
If you skim through this sub and just click the posts that sound like they talk about his issues or history, you can learn a lot fairly quickly.
You wanted Latino outreach? Here you go.
This will be less of a problem as his campaign moves forward and he can get out of Iowa and New Hampshire and visit the rest of the country.  What exactly do they not trust? I mean, his record is solid. His message is consistent. He's pushing for policies that would dramatically improve the quality of life for most minorities - not just socialized medicine, free public schools, wage hikes, job creation, job training, but police and immigration reform. Do they think he's not going to do anything that ends racism in their communities? Because there's not actually a whole lot more that a President can do about that... racism may be a nationwide problem but it manifests as a local issue.
I've seen pictures of the venue. I doubt they had more than 1000 people there. If the overflow area was also empty, that's just sad.  Can't wait to see what happens when Bernie comes to NY.
To be clear: right now, Bernie is running for the Democratic nomination. To vote in the Democratic primary, where Democrats choose their own nominee, you have to be registered as a Dem if you live in a closed-primary state (which is many of them, but not all - check your state laws).  Assuming he wins the nomination, anyone can vote for him in the general election regardless of their party affiliation. But he has to win the nomination first.
Practicing your gish gallop, Xelif? Needs more gallop.  Oh my bad, [it was just one study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15491274). Of course, [there's also this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E2%80%9CWomen_are_wonderful%E2%80%9D_effect).  Hey, do you suppose that people might be more willing to overlook Hillary's faults because of the WoW effect? If Bernie loses the primary, will it be because of am inadequate campaign? Because he's the wrong person for the job? Or will it be because, as well as fighting uphill against corporate money and the corporate media, he has to climb over Hillary's pedestal as well?  My comment wasn't sexist. The fact that you dislike my comment doesn't make it sexist. The fact that you called my comment sexist _doesn't make it sexist_ - it just makes you ridiculous and ignorant.
So when Hillary sold arms to foreign countries who donated to the Clinton Foundation and did a lot of the work on the TPP (which she won't take a stand against), she's just unfairly maligned?
&gt; Who cares if she says it?  Well, it affects the media narrative.
To be clear: preventing clotting means getting a good fast draw (but don't use so much suction that you lyse RBCs) and mixing in the anticoagulant ASAP and thoroughly. The chemicals do the magic. Rushing the blood to the lab will get the results that much faster, but won't affect the testing either way (wrt clots).
Use the largest needle you think you can get away with and place that needle cleanly in the center of the lumen of the vein. Don't use too much suction, don't draw too slowly either, and mix the blood with the anticoagulant ASAP, but don't mix by shaking the container violently (use several gentle full inversions). Do that and you should never get a hemolyzed sample, unless that's what the patient has.  If you read that and think, "but do you have any idea how hard it is to do it textbook-perfect every time!?", that's why the specimens keep hemolyzing. Yes, we do have an idea how hard it is, but the test doesn't care whether or not you gave it your best shot, it only measures what you produced - good or bad.
I see radicalism in that image, but no violence. There are no weapons, no bodies. And while there was plenty of violence in Iraq, the image of the Iraqis tearing down Saddam Hussein's statue was powerful and something that Americans can identify with thanks to America's birth in the Revolutionary War.
His perpetuation of the gender pay gap myth.   Support for GMO labeling.   Gun control, although he's really quite moderate so I can't complain too much.   Maybe some other things I can't remember now.
The ones selling books no one wants?
&gt; In regards to taxes, they asked if the companies would increase their product costs because of the increase in their taxes.  Well, they could try, but competition is going to make them keep their prices as low as they can, right? If they raise their prices too high they'll lose sales.
Help get the word out! Most people like him once they learn about him, but a LOT of people still don't know about him, just like you didn't!
