I don't have those settings on.
Now your level 2 skill spamming game is that much more powerful!
Players: 1 Balmung: 0  when's round 2
2002s and 5006s on main menu now. Aether dataserv
S-Still getting 2002s on Aether? So much for a nap fixing the issue...  5006s too.
Because you're probably not actually spending half your time just trying to log in.  Because they would've had the same problems without early access.  Launches for popular games are very commonly rocky, and often much worse than this--these sorts of remarks serve absolutely no purpose.
inundated with off-peak, 9 AM logins
As far as what is familiar to me, [female highlander 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXytHnEdHtM#t=18s) is fairly subdued, but what irritates you and irritates another is generally going to vary widely.  There's lots of videos on youtube of combat voices, though some are harder to find than others. [This channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/0Zbox0/videos) seems to have a majority of them, even Au Ra.
now solo titan normal
With regards to whether or not cash shop things are RMT: if it's an in-game item you can exchange for in-game currency, generally not actionable. If it's something out of game (such as a code for an item like the Moogle costume from a couple years ago) and you are trading it for gil, that counts as RMT.
You have to have a Zodiac Zeta weapon to skip any of the Anima quest line. Anything below that will do nothing.  ARR relics have no bearing at 60 besides letting you skip the Atma 2.0 part of the HW relic quest.
You get 3 allowances every 12 hours, so 6 per day. Leave allowances are shown on the Timers pane with other stuff like Challenge Log and Supply/Provisioning resets.
Greyish, but erring on the side of "no" because a recruitment code is not handled anywhere in game. Stuff like EB rings are generally ignored because you actually trade an in-game item, but stuff like selling Moogle suits from the fan event from a couple years ago is not allowed because it's an out-of-game code.  GMs will restore one item only per account ever. Generally don't waste it on replaceable things.
The only reason DRK might have an SS breakpoint (and the only sort of reason any class has SS breakpoints usually) is to get an extra GCD during Blood Weapon for extra MP. However, last I checked, this is rarely talked about so the benefits don't likely outweigh the drawbacks, which is greater TP loss. It's not likely DRK has a high SS stat weight.  Parry is generally regarded as largely useless. Passing up VIT accessories is a bigger problem for tanking than passing on Parry, but a vast majority stack STR accessories. You don't need parry--passive mitigation isn't important in XIV's tank meta, and it's especially irrelevant in this raid tier because most heavy tank damage is magic, which cannot be parried.
Are you using Bane? He may have been griping about single targeting as a SMN if that's what you were actually doing.  Usually you start every pull applying your DoTs to one target, then casting Bane after Bio I goes on. You only do Ruin (or Ruin II) as a filler spell.  Ruin is by no means a powerful direct damage spell, but you don't just stop using it completely either.  Anyway, not only should you typically not need to see the tank's target, but trying to follow the tank's target is counterintuitive because tanks (especially when leveling) will swap targets a lot mid-pull to make sure they have sufficient aggro on each target. A good tank should be able to keep aggro off you regardless of what you target as a SMN since your specialty is AoEing.  [Here's a thread about target's target for console, otherwise.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/2jsvd7/ps4_targets_target/)
Nobody needs VIT for leveling.
Since you're not trading for an in-game item, GMs would more than likely qualify this as RMT.
No, unfortuantely.
If it's available, Unchained -&gt; Overpower is the same enmity as a Steel Cyclone, and obviously you can do more than just one.  It was probably a mix of there being a gear discrepancy and you being inexperienced with dealing with a gear discrepancy. Sometimes cooldowns like Unchained and Berserk can be necessary to keep aggro off good players if they are much better geared than you.  Long term, I wouldn't be too concerned.
The cast bar game of THM/BLM is more akin to casters in other MMOs. The slow GCD feels shittier subjectively on a Melee with all instant attacks. It's one way to deal with the issue.
Next to never see Diadem farm parties on Balmung. There's usually gathering runs happening multiple times a day though.
RMT is virtually nonexistent on the super high pop servers cause they're never open.
the undercut war still wageth on
what color is the tinted glass that produces these sorts of comments in response to a silly monkey hat
Most melee are going to start off pretty simplistic that early on, though Pugilist gives a better indication of what Monk is like later on than the other melee do with their respective jobs.  Dragoon very much has a static rotation sort of feel to it. They have high mobility later on with various jumps. They also get more directional heavy as they level from 50-60, where there is pretty much no reason to be anywhere other than the flank prior to 50. They have pretty good AoE burst, and generally middle-ish sustained AoE. They're one of the preferred picks for high personal DPS melee since they bring Disembowel which buffs the Machinist/Bard at no cost to the DRG.  But, in general, you will probably have to give any class way more than 20 levels to get a good indication of what it plays like. Save for tanking, very few classes have a lot to do in that level bracket.  For healing: since you are troubled with simplistic gameplay being boring, definitely Scholar. There's a lot to manage if you want to be a great Scholar between your non-reactive shield-based healing responsibilties, DPSing, and micro-managing your pet.
They probably wouldn't in this situation where the chargeback would be very deliberate.
From what I've seen, most statics don't seem to raid more than a few hours a night. Whether or not it's casual is more determined by how many nights a week they run.
BAWWWW.
Pretty tall order for Copperbell Hard.
probably uncut jade.  your lenses seem not terribly functional!
In addition to the other information here, unless you absolutely need the extra range, pulling with Overpower is more enmity single target than pulling with Tomahawk at only 10 additional TP.
One is the launch OST (simply "A Realm Reborn OST",) and the other is stuff that was added in patches, titled "Before the Fall."  AFAIK, the HW one is the only soundtrack that's "been" released on iTunes.
If you heal well, you may not have a need for it most times, but the general consensus is that it's mandatory. Prioritize how you see fit, but place it up there on your list of things to knock out.  Some players may get surly if you don't res them because no Swiftcast did not enable you to do so. When something goes awry in a group, it becomes very apparent when the healer doesn't have Swiftcast.
A majority of seasonal events don't require higher than 15 at most, and non-seasonal ones usually aren't level cap either. The recent FFXI event was the only event I knew of that required as much as level 30.
There's some old information about leveling FCs, but has anything changed the best ways to level FCs in 3.x, especially solo?
Try having some fun with the server. There's a guy on mine that regularly enters a PF listing offering "free advice."
[Plot prices by server.](https://i.gyazo.com/769eaaa0b1a8c096921cbdcdd4c69d54.png)  [Goblet plot grades.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/images/c/c7/The_goblet_plots1.jpg)  [Lavender Beds plot grades.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/images/6/67/Lavender_beds_plots1.jpg)  [Mist plot grades.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/images/c/ca/The_mist_plots1.jpg)
only has a DS3, grumble grumble
They said they were working on an app ages ago that would let you talk to your FC via mobile, but it's been missing from the radar for some time now.
Like most classes, you will have plenty of time to break Ninja in before it gets complicated. Their priority is Dancing Edge (slashing down) &gt; Shadow Fang &gt; Mutilate &gt; filler (Aeolian Edge.) This basic info should keep you busy until 46, at which point you can look up end-game Ninja guides as your rotation will basically not change before 60.  The main thing to remember going from MNK to any other melee is using a GCD like a DoT will break your weapon combos, as they are not stances like MNKs.  The main con is that NIN is going to have lower personal DPS than MNK. NIN is also more TP inefficient for drawn out encounters, though recent changes to NIN TP costs alleviated this a bit. They also have pretty much the worst AoE of the melee classes.  Pros involve probably being the most desired utility class next to a BRD/MCH. Trick Attack is great for total group DPS. Shadewalker lets your MT do much higher DPS openers since they don't need snap aggro. NIN DPS can be very bursty, so they can take out adds quickly.
It's confusing cause they flip flop on this a lot while leveling.  In the 20s bracket, Iron Scale gear is technically DRG gear, but when it drops in a dungeon, only PLD/WARs can roll for it, and they expect DRGs in this bracket to use DoW leather.
I totally forgot this was something Champions did. I'd kill for a Deliverance aura that wasn't exactly the same as Defiance, or something to make me hate spamming Souleater less (ESPECIALLY THE SE SPAM.)
As far as HW gear goes, if you have the upgraded i130 IW stuff, that will last until roughly 55.  If it's only i120, you can replace it as early as 53.
https://nz.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/418iwv/saturday_megathread_011616_ask_your_final_fantasy/
DRK's stun is off-GCD.  If you're using a stun and it's not interrupting, then that's probably because the devs thought giving melee tons of oGCDs stuns that do damage was a great idea. If you have a lot of melee in your group, a lot of times the primary targets will quickly be stun immune just from them DPSing.
DRK does slightly more when tank stance is needed, WAR does slightly more when tank stance isn't needed.
They are pretty much "straight corridors." The maps in ARR are hilariously linear.  If you're inbetween Whitebrim and Dragonhead, then yes, the two essential directions you can go are east and west. If you go north or south, you'll run into a wall in less than half a minute. Same problem between Dragonhead and Observatorium. Basically north and south only.  And there are -a lot- of maps like this. What is nice about the HW maps is they are essentially the size of CCH, but entirely filled in.  Also, just because it's better than 1.0 doesn't mean it's good.
Convalescence is only for spell-based healing. It's pretty much exclusively for increasing the amount of healing you receive from a healer. It's especially nice for Scholars because fairy heals are not huge, so using Convalescence often gives the Scholar a lot of freedom to DPS more.  Also for Second Wind: it is based on your attack power and Berserk modifies your attack power instead of your damage. Berserk usually almost doubles the size of Second Wind.
Cross-classing is barely supported. If it didn't mean having patch up classes' toolkits to take it out, they would've probably done it already.  So: the only reason it still exists is because it lets them do less actual game designing.
Whatever's listen in their sale history. Probably around ~250k if memory serves with anywhere as high as 325k. Less if you're grabbing it NQ for glamour or ilvl doctoring.
