You need a kitty. They are like cramp magnets. You hurt. Magically you have a purring cat on your lap. They also give you zen from purrs. Feel better :)
Someone posted a picture of a lock on a fence in a Nation Park a month or so ago. That's litter. Grr.
How often does this happen? Our ASPCA has a record of no deaths from spay/neuter clinic for something like 10 years.
Was it Enya? She had a ton of her music in commercials in the 90's
Our state has a damn chart for consent age.
Yup. Came here to say this. Wrist foot and kree in the misc. Pile. :)
Screaming buttons we call them
Seriously. If you order a certain beer or drink day in and out (local dive bar, so you see people 5 days a week) and they switch to something you get confused. Or you are THAT guy who just orders a "vodka anything". He seriously just lets the bartender make a new vodka drink every day. Good guy.
Go to a craft cocktail bar where they choose your first drink for you based on your tastes, then each drink revise until you have found your poison. There are tons popping up all over.
First thing I noticed was your 'y's. Next thing, you are legit. Bartenders hate making coffee. If they wanted to be a barista they would have applied at starbucks.
Yup.
Our bar has 3 ciders. One is pear. The new thing is to order an "angry balls" which is an Angry Orchard Cider with a shot of fire ball poured into the bottle. It is vile.
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
40 signs saying keep window closed. 40. FOURTY.
It also looks like D cell batteries next to the bulb.
In the future you can get cheap glasses online at places like eyebuydirect
I know nothing.
Good for you!
Like that show secret eaters. They list what they eat and forget to list the drinks or snacks. One person was gobbling on chocolate all day. How do you just eat chocolate all day long and not think about it? One girl was consuming close to 4000 calories per day and had gained 60 pounds in TWO years!!!
Oh god, like the Secret Eaters girl who had the jacket potato every day for lunch but it was covered in 800 calories of extra junk.
But the photo doesn't hae cellulite in the article. Unless I am missing something.
Like within the last few minutes. Also the one attached fpban list.
Yeah, pics of cute dead girls and the other one i think pics of dead kids are still up.   Oh and I am pretty sure painal is still up too. Do not click random pages.
Didn't someone make a mirror type site to upload as an alt to imgur at some point?
there is one for "cute" dead chicks too.
The post of dead/dying Chris Farley to WTf was pretty bad too. I mean, respect the dead. There are 2 images now of him lying on the floor of a shitty apartment foaming at the mouth and most likely dead/dying.
Still there picsofdeadkids. The creator deleted their account and I don't think there is much activity but it still has 3k subscribers.
1 girl versus 'at least' 250 women and children. That put's a lot into prespective. In addition to this there is a whole thing that you shove a gun in a lady and shoot her creating a fistula where basically, you usually live but leak out of the wrong whole.
And [538](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/dont-pay-attention-to-that-wisconsin-straw-poll/) is still scepticle.
Meow?
Pro tip. A lot of public toilets have broken machines for ladies stuff. Check every machine. Some open because the lock is stuck. Score.
Nope. Some places don't even have a cafeteria. Just a small snack shack and hot lunch one day a week. Not free
"Are you gonna eat that?" Still appreciate pizza crust.
That cheese is still good.
Read this 4 times. The book. Just because of him. Read the rest of the books once. But hyperion 4 times.
Pics?
got to the list or use a google search (way easier than reddit search) and enter in the things you like. There surely is a small sub for that. I have dentistry, anthropology, cognitive science, history, archeology, 19 kids and counting (shut up, it's like a train wreck), a few disease related subs. Just look on the list and dig deeper. :) happy browsing!
If you have seen any posts about being body positive and arguments and then a comment that said "found the fatty" that was the bleed over from fph. It was kinda rude to see people just assuming people were fat because they were defending an opinion.
r/thinpeoplehate   can't tell if serious or not...
You could get really creepo and start leaving notes on the shack. "I know what you did". And try to haunt him.
Wait so they lifted the arm rest? I would have gone to the stewardess and told her that someone took my seat.
Ooooh. Bad dentist. Sorry you had a bad experience. Most dentists are good people.
Yeah, they will try to take x-rays and you can decline those. Cleanings are 75-90$ usually. Shop around for a good dentist.
hugs &lt;3 Cheers
You should read oryx and crake by atwood.
Websites that are 90% ads and click bait?
For non savvy peeps can we get a post on how to chang a pic?
Oh yeah, and BART is a laughable situation. They just did a piece on NPR today, and basically admitted the trains are running on software designed in the 1960s and they would need 4 billion dollars to fix all the issues. BART : "Gets you where?"
[book covered that](#b "I believe, if I remember correctly, they locked the dog in one of the rooms and he goes apeshit but can't get out")
They removed a few story lines completely from the show and added some stuff. So the books still differ from the show, but the gap appears to be getting wider. GRRM mentioned this in an interview that the show may not follow the books anymore after this season.
