I'm going to show this to my guitar students. "Better practice hard or you'll be replaced by Lego robots."
You can probably sleep on planes, trains and automobiles too, you bastard!
My Dark Souls Dream:  When you complete the game the first time, you get to enter the bodies of NPCs in the game - random undead and creatures. You can't go out of a given area, but can attack other players as they come through the area.   If you complete the second time, you get to come back as a lesser boss.   If you complete the game a third time, you get to come back as a bigger boss.  Eventually you can play as any character, earning the souls you steal and adding them to your own.
Thanks for that!
MK8 wasn't available for download yet, while MK7 and Super Mario 3D were the same price.
People can technically live anywhere if they choose, they're obviously choosing to go elsewhere. A better question would be whether families are willing to live in cramped apartments and condos that are ridiculously overpriced, while earning wages that are lower than in many other cities. The answer, according to the decline in households with children, is no. They can afford some kind of life, but it's not the life they want.
A lot is going to happen before the next election, especially when the Liberals and NDP start savaging each other. Remember, the CPC also polled low for a while before rebounding the last time around, then they did better than expected on election night as the usual suspects turned out and the usual slackers stayed home. The NDP/Lib split vote, the result of Jack Layton's popularity, also handed the Cons about 34 seats and the majority if memory serves.  As the below polls show, the Cons are still the most popular party overall, with the Libs and NDP more or less tied for second. http://www.threehundredeight.com/  These riding by riding polls suggest that the Cons will win a minority government at the least, with a lot of split votes.  http://www.threehundredeight.com/p/canada.html  The only thing that can stop a Harper minority - and possible majority - is to form a coalition before the election. If parties form a coalition after the election, which is an option, there are going to be a lot of unhappy people on all sides.  EDIT: What I meant by "unhappy" is that a lot of people are going to consider the coalition government illegitimate - including everyone who voted CPC, and LPC/NDP diehards who won't compromise.
Always the brother who gets laser sliced into cubes.
What's Jay-Z saying about this?
What's with that beard? It's like he's hiding something.
I'm not saying do it tomorrow, but have a plan to phase it in. If the election is November, then shoot for September 2016. It's not like we don't have a template - both Colorado and Washington State did it, and in less than a year.
Mexico also gives these companies massive incentives to build factories - hundreds of millions in cash (not loans), plus a favourable tax rate.
Somewhere a gopher is running for his life while "I'm Alright" by Kenny Loggins blasts in the background.
And a combination payday loan, pawn shop and gun store.
His jaw is too fucked up to bite any bullets...
Attack ads are nothing new, but the idea of creating arm's length third-party organizations to raise money is new.
Hopefully Mulcair's advisors have a plan in place to keep the numbers high.  July - "After studying the U.S. experience, the NDP is in favour of the regulation and legalization of marijuana, with an emphasis on harm reduction and making it harder for vulnerable teens to get. Prohibition has not worked."  Instant bump in the polls.   August - "If elected, one our priorities would be to create a national Pharmacare program, reducing drug costs for patients and taxpayers."  Seniors and people caring for seniors will ditch the CPC and Liberal Party.  September - "We will form a national working group to review our participation in various trade agreements, such as the TPP - the details of which we will make public. Trade agreements must be mutually beneficial and fair, and right now it's not a level playing field for Canada."   October - "Youth unemployment is too high in this country, and wages are too low for young people starting out in life. Meanwhile the TFW program has displaced young workers from starter jobs, and needs to be greatly reduced or scrapped completely. You need experience to get a good job, and we have to start providing young high school students, university students and grads with experience, as well as access to training and funds that would encourage entrepreneurship. We will initiate an employment program that encourages the hiring of youth by private agencies, as well as other programs that employ these youth directly."  Boom, elected.
A lot has happened since 2012, including the realization that the auto manufacturing industry will basically be dead here in a few decades. Our auto parts manufacturers are doing well and should survive, but the industry is dying - and NAFTA is part of the problem.  http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/carmakers-say-adios-to-canada-as-mexico-shifts-into-higher-gear-1.3108148
Yup. And there are no sanctions, for some reason, so we don't really have much of a choice.
Some birds hop, others waddle, others walk and run keeping their heads still, but pigeons are crazy head bobbers. I assume there's a good reason for it, but I can't imagine how they evolved that way.
No, they're not the only birds that bob, but there are lots of other ways that birds get around on their feet that seem more efficient.
It's not just labour, although they have a massive population willing to do just about anything, China keeps its dollar artificially low, environmental standards are almost non-existent, and they probably don't have the safety or quality inspection regime of North American or European processors.
Anybody else out there see this a positive?   I live in a tourist town, and we're busy - very busy. Oil is a boom and bust industry that's unsustainable at the end of the day, while tourism is generally more steady and more sustainable (if we could offset jet fuel and rubber tire traffic) - and it was left to rot under the Harper government.  A door closes, a window opens. The oil patch and its investors/workers are suffering, but tourism is up, the market for other Canadian resources should be increasing right about now, and manufacturing is poised to stage a comeback. Plus, Canadians will spend more money at home. Something like 85% of the U.S. economy is domestic. Not sure where Canada is, but it wouldn't kill us to rely a little less on imports and buy more goods produced here.
It takes time, but when oil was $150 a barrel, there was an upsurge in Canadian manufacturing because the cost of transporting goods from China leveled the field for us for a little while. I don't know if anything like that will happen again, but a few experts expect that it will.   Don't forget we already have a value-added industry in Canada that processes timber into boards, pulp, veneer, etc., raw ore into usable minerals, oil into plastics, plastics into autoparts, etc. that has survived decades of globalization. Now the products made by those companies are discounted 30%. Some manufacturing is already picking up.
I guess the man-made earthquakes aren't helping the natural gas industry either.
Any members of the party can theoretically run, and go through the vetting process.
He hates this can!  Seriously, what's going on here.
At least we get the aftermath - ref banned, etc. etc.
The U.S. will sign, Sanders will, unfortunately, not be president. And once the U.S. is part of the treaty, they will do what they did under NAFTA and sue/screw Canada at every turn.
No doubt there was some corporate largesse going on, but judging from reports out of the oil patch a lot of the oil money was reinvested in pipelines, plants and the expansion of operations and capacity. A huge number of laid off workers were working in construction.
Interference could be called, but usually refs will wait for actual physical contact or an attempt to block out a player. This looks so casual that I doubt the ref noticed - and if they noticed I doubt they would call it because it happens all the time. It's up to the defenceman to control their stick and not get taken out of the play by a street hockey trick every seven year old tries to get away with.
The root causes are the same no question, but the inquiry will look at far more than that - the resources women have to escape addiction, abusive relationships and prostitution for example, and the way prostitutes are treated by police. These are things that are important but don't have a natural male equivalent. An inquiry for men could look at things like gangs, drug programs, the prison and correction system, rehabilitation, etc.
I figured that since every drop in value of the Loonie and tidbit of negative economic news gets posted here we should also acknowledge the rallies.
That's no skate, that's Jabba the Hut on a toboggan.
Isn't Xanax famous for triggering psychotic episodes and suicidal thoughts in some people? There's no way anybody on this drug should be allowed to own a firearm.  Read the side effects: http://www.drugs.com/xanax.html
You should see rugby's concussion protocol these days - if a player is hit in the head or is slow getting up, the ref sends them to an impartial doc who makes an assessment. If the doc is concerned, they're taken off the field immediately for a more detailed examination. Sometimes the player is allowed to return, sometimes they're removed from the game. The important thing is the coaches have nothing to do with it, or only partly qualified team trainers under pressure to keep the players in the game.
I was wondering - never seen those knobs before, wondered if they were custom.
Because of fee-for-service billing, you can't even get a doctor to listen to two ailments during one appointment - you have to make another appointment and come back.
Somehow this will make an appearance at his wedding, poster-size.
It was the move from CBC that did it for me. I wonder how many people cut their cable packages after that, unwilling to shell out for the added sports bundle?
How to cool the market? How about a temporary moratorium on foreign ownership while we study the implications and draft whatever legislation is required to level the playing field.  It should also be noted that immigration is also a problem, in particular wealthy immigrants that will live here but make money overseas where it can't be taxed. Maybe we need a moratorium on immigration, or at least cut the numbers back, until we've solved our urban housing crisis and figured out what a livable Canada should look like.
The highest birth rates in Canada are in the territories, where large numbers of people are more or less dependent on government and a few industries. The highest birth rates in Canada are on reserves.
Some of that water vapour should also return to the lake as rain, no idea how much though.
The LPC committed to presenting electoral reform legislation in 18 months. They've been in power for six. The committee will have a full year to meet, to talk to experts, to poll the population and come up with a set of recommendations. And if they're a few months late, who cares? There's no rush. Trudeau will be in power for at least another 42 months.
I haven't heard that - is it confirmed that Scotiabank, CIBC, TD-CT, and BoM are doing this?
I wonder if it's still better to bank with RBC - I know they're evil, but at least they have branches and probably 1,000 more people working IT vs. how many for Tangerine? How many Canadian jobs would be lost if everybody took their money out of RBC, vs. how many would be created if everybody went to Tangerine? Maybe credit unions are the way to go, they employ more people than an online bank.
If the fire gets into the attic, which is shared space, the fire will spread very quickly. Building code upgrades try to contain fires to individual rooms/units.
Probably just used condoms backing up the sewage system, a byproduct of all that Ashley Madison infidelity business...
A lot of them do blame the west and colonial powers like France for the problems back home - war, high unemployment, different tribes and sects being forced to live together by arbitrarily set borders. They probably have some idealized vision that their home countries would be a paradise if we didn't muck it up for them.
Texada Time Warp?
