Wow this thread isn't even about Chelsea and they got shit on twice in a row god damn.
Should be noted that they were away fans in France.
I saw a BGH joke in the middle of a discussion about the corruption investigations there.
Isn't Lady Liadrin the Sun Cleric card?
Can you explain me what picture are you talking about? I only see the o e with the innkeeper and the shadowed one.
Plot no Jutsu is a form ninjutsu. Talk no Jutsu is when you add the Speech element to it, and Speech is Naruto's kekkei genkai.
You can also just click save.
Because it's not in beta anymore.
Notice that the area around the portrait and the Hero Power is different!
That fucking New Classes introduction at 3:14 reminiscent of Sailor Moon, oh my god.  That seemed like Rage Orc's videos, does anyone know if there's an original video with that?
Better than Cristiano's, lol.  Jokes aside, he doesn't take many free-kicks, so probably a good one.
And a filler one.
Depend on how good the burritos are.
I have no idea what you guys are talking about :D
Iirc Patrick mentioned a desire to write a book from Denna's perspective.  He said he isn't good enough of a writer to write from a teenager girl's perspective so I'm guessing we won't see anything like this for *many* years. But anyway I'm looking forward to it and it's good to know he wants to do something like this.
You ravel.
He already has one planned, Laniel Born Again (or something like this) will be out after D3 and is about a woman in Modeg.
Which one is Silhouette?
Well Europe used to considerably favor tall and strong players over technical ones not too long ago. It used to be their thing.
Europeans used to, too.
It was in slow mo.
110
/r/hearthstone is particularly flipping at a 9,99$ skin revealed a couple of days ago, but yeah it could apply to any other game with skins.
It's in the box but also adds one more click to start the game, which is something they want to avoid (and there's already some complain).  Here's the thing, you, /u/stonekeep and many other players are always offering great ideas as to how to add new deck slots. They're all viable. But they can't pick the first decent one they find, they need to decide what is *the best* option for the game.  When they add one they can't change it back, so it has to be a pretty great solution. They take a long time to decide on this kind of stuff, and even when they finally make it they'll most likely hold it to release along with a new expansion of the game like they did with Espectator mode, new platform release and most likely the alternative heroes.
Vidal *and* Marchisio didn't follow Iniesta's run though.
That's not weird. Americans don't call their football as American football and Brazilians don't call Brazilian wax (or nuts) as Brazilian wax (or nuts).
&gt;the amount of ref manhandling in that game surprised no one.  FTFY
Well sometimes it looks like a warzone. And so do schools.
Classic one.
That sounds like an adventure.
Hearthstone is a digital card game though, there's no card cycling or ban lists. The card producing process is also trickier because they can't get many cards out in a short time otherwise it would become much harder for new players fast, since cards never go away. Magic doesn't have this concern.
Less combos.
Someone hire this guy.
Old card buffs confirmed
Do you play Mech Shaman? It's a good deck with very little things that hurt Shaman, like overload.
It seems unlikely though, they seem to be making all their legendaries as big beasts in the game and their basics have Beast synergy. All their minions are either beasts our Houndmasters.  I think they will keep everything else as spells and traps.
All Hunter legendaries are beasts, this would be our only chance of seeing Alleria in the game.
If it's a single hair, might be harder to pick up the color. It's an actual potential excuse.
Why is he relevant?
American television?
Thanks!
You should check out HearthPwn for some deck ideas, I don't play Mech Shaman myself (Deathrattle Shaman too fun) but I know it's a deck that performs very well and is usually underrated. Some important cards are Powermace and Fel Reaver, but I don't know much what else it runs.
Bro, you're in the US. I've heard of people who didn't know where *Brazil* is...
Or be losing hard but filling your own side with Doomguards.
Well whether a post will be buried or not depends on the first few votes, it seems that OP didn't have much luck with that and the sub was a little heated these last few weeks. Also custom card posts were becoming too numerous so I think they decided to stop upvoting most of them, there's another sub specifically for that after all.
Aka the Italians.
&gt; A 5 mana 5/3 charge with no downside is crazy  Warrior gets a 4 mana 4/3 with charge, it's a class card.
Now picture Brazil sticking to Firmino and Tardelli (in the Chinese league atm) after a World Cup with Fred and Jô...  Brazil and Argentina should fuse so we can dominate the world.
Is there a year he doesn't?
Wow, so bitter. Iirc this "we suck at the sports we create" is a very common British joke about yourselves.
