When you guys fire Crean, can you start an Indiana-Mizzou pipeline with Thomas Bryant?  Thanks in advance.
Or just look at her eyes.
There's a moment when you can see the treat up his sleeve.   If the magic was lost, it was due to shitty magicians.
Really can't apply that to Marlo. He's more ambitious than that. More big picture. No, he's not a true suit-wearing businessman, but he lacks Avon's parochial view of his corners. He's more of a tyrannical amalgamation of the various pieces on the chess board, park Avon, part String and a dash of Prop Joe. Even part Greek.
Or answering with "no, I played fine."
It's possible those people in hazmat suits collected that tar from other beaches as a precaution then determined a broader beach closure was unnecessary at this time.   I don't know the answer here, but I guarantee you there are several people at the Times who are all over it. A major newspaper isn't going to respond to every person who calls in, especially when it's relating to a major story they're already covering.
"I played fine."  "So why did you lose?"  "Because sometimes things don't go your way. We just need to keep playing our game and we'll be fine."
There are examples of players at every position failing in the NFL. That doesn't mean the Colts should've kept Manning in case Luck was a bust (an extreme example, I know).  The truth is te 49ers ain't winning anything next year. That money can be better spent on players who will be part of the long-term future. There is a chance the rookie will blow, but there's also a chance he's really good and really cheap and becomes an essential part of the team for the next decade like Lee before him.
No kidding. A racehorse at top speed covers a lot of ground in two seconds.
Leave us out of it.
Hopefully that's not a big if.   Danario Alexander from Mizzou was the same. Stud in college but could never stay healthy. His one semi-full season in San Diego, he put up pro bowl numbers after being signed off the street mid-year. But he got hurt yet again.
10 hours later, literally every single "fuck you" response is from a Mizzou or Kansas fan.   Also, fuck you.
Looks like they had an itchy trigger finger and went lookin for action hero stuff.
Tell me more about how teachers are respected in our society…
Rhyme
If Wikipedia was hosting copyrighted images, those constant donation drives would be for legal fees on their never-ending lawsuits.
-ae is a feminine plural suffix in Latin (alumnae as an everyday English example). So yeah, looks feminine if it has to have a gender.
The most *out of the 10 whole teams they looked at.*  Florida's probably near the top regardless, but this recent round of OTL "investigations" is not a comprehensive dig into crime and college athletes. They cherry picked info from a small number of schools.
Except when he did in 2007. And in 2011.
Wilt was a statistical beast, too.   Only won two rings.
Or like Golden State is defending Cleveland with the intent of forcing LeBron to do everything, knowing full well he'll put up insane numbers and still probably lose.
He has more than 21 points of help, but Golden State has done well to take away anything else Cleveland has left.
He would've if he could've :(  Edit: He actually did play the Sonics several times, of course. In eight games, LeBron went 4-4 vs. the Sonics. He averaged 26/8/5 in wins and 33/5/8 in losses. So basically it's a statistical fact that LeBron wins more when he lets his teammates do more instead of trying to score or assist on every basket. That eight-game sample size against what was a pretty bad team for most of those years proves it.
No, he's referring to illegal defense:  "Prior to the 2001–2002 NBA season, any form of zone defense was considered an illegal defense violation and resulted in a warning on the first violation and then a technical foul for any subsequent violations."  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defensive_three-second_violation
With those two, Cleveland's defense gets worse, the best rebounder in the series rides the pine, and Golden State is still the better team.
"This far" was 2-3. He was playing one-on-five for all of five games.
Or perhaps LeBron breaks 40% from the field.
&gt; LEBRON-ing &gt; Definition: Putting the team on your back &gt; *and losing.*
Mozgov had 28 in game four. Barely played the next game.   Cleveland went all in on the idea that LeBron was the only option, but he really wasn't.
:(
Go to bed. You clearly need some sleep.
Seems like two distinct groups on one sub to me.
MVP has never been taken literally, though.
Well, the former led to four wins…
McGrady was still a high schooler when Shaq signed with the Lakers.   His wingman in Orlando was Penny. He was healthy for all but the final 20 or so games of Shaq's time in Orlando. Then Shaq left and Penny broke down, and THEN they brought in McGrady and Hill (and tried for Duncan).  Basically they had two different duos in a five-year window, and each would have been absolutely dominant if they could keep them signed and healthy. Gotta feel bad for the Magic.
Someone should sign Kleiza simply so the world can see him play against the Jazz now. A not so secret rumor in Missouri is that when Quin was coaching at Mizzou, he slept with Kleiza's girlfriend. Shortly thereafter, Kleiza went pro and Quin got divorced (and then fired).
And this was covered by the local news, which is why you know about it.   It deserves nothing more.
The media should not be expected or asked to state the obvious.
Let's see video of you. I'm sure it's impressive.
Phil: "Did you see how bad Iman and JR were? Cavs are suckers."
It's private property with public access. Even on private property that's open to the public, the owner retains the right to deny photography, which they clearly did here.
http://www.krages.com/ThePhotographersRight.pdf  You can assume it's fine until you're told it's not. In this case, he was (by an asshole who went too far in forcing him to delete the pictures, which he can't do).  He did nothing wrong in taking the pictures, but there was also nothing illegal about forcing him to stop.
http://deadspin.com/is-pete-carroll-a-9-11-truther-513149713
OP said he was not the owner of the car.
&gt; A guy comes over and I assume he's an owner of one of them. He starts by asking if I was looking for anyone. I say no, I was just admiring these cars, and **asked if they were his. He says "No**, but do you have permission to take those pictures?"   An employee wouldn't necessarily know if he had permission but could know photography without permission isn't allowed.
&gt; Wouldn't you guys like a lineup of:  &gt; PG) ~~Some FA~~Clarkson  &gt; SG) Kobe  &gt; SF) Randle  &gt; PF) Love  &gt; C) Okafor
Except actual rape is still incredibly difficult to prosecute.
Probably a good idea.
Especially when this hypothetical offers both.   You get a young core that can grow and potentially dominate in Clarkson, Randle and Hezonja. And you also get Cousins.   It's not like the Warriors drafted all those guys, either. Bogut, Iguadala and Lee were all guys they signed or traded for. They formed a pretty substantial part of that roster.
Speaking of longevity, LeBron has played more games/minutes than both Magic and Bird. He'll pass Jordan (pre-Wizards) in both by the all-star break next year.   Anything he does from this point forward is just icing on the cake. He's already had a full career. The GOAT arguments will eventually shift from "what if LeBron had teammates?" to that plus "what if you take out Vird's back, Magic's HIV and Jordan's two early retirements?" because LeBron is likely going to dwarf them all in statistical achievements and cumulative awards (doubt he catches Jordan's six rings, though).
