Grooves around the edge of the coin were added to prevent this. You can't really shave them down because they won't look the same.
Site becomes english if you click that little UK flag in the top right corner.
You can smoke hookah with wine...
"Bi" is just a latin prefix, meaning "two". Same principle as "bicycle", "tricopter" or "quad bike".
&gt; Are they planning something?  Yes, they're searching for another old calendar or a vague prophecy about rivers of blood.
Wait, really? Fuck...
80 tools? Damn, I don't have that many. 32 tool holder in mine, it's enough for pretty much all the parts I make.
Out of how many? I mean, what's the percentage of failed drives?
Six seats that move, headsets and Oculus for everyone. Didn't ask the price.  http://i.imgur.com/bd4wtI0.jpg
Mhm...
Why are you asking me, I don't have super-intelligence yet.
Now weld it to the boat and get a seriously awesome amphibious thing!
One more photo is missing. You didn't power-wash your legs.
It's "hole", goddammit.
How batshit insane are you?
Do you think the same about their food?
This is not one of those times.
[This one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8uCeyUl_9U)
Every new update will be paid DLC. Wanna go to Duna? That's a DLC. Wanna add larger boosters? DLC. Wanna collect science from the North Pole? Yup, DLC.  Just like Minecraft.
Ha, that's never going to happen. Small studios release games in Alpha state, say that they will finish them and often abandon them somewhere mid-way.  Large studios are too large to avoid pre-orders, look at Simcity, GTA V and stuff like that. They're still broken, even if so much time has passed.
What about the speedometer? It should show significantly lower speed than with stock wheels, right?
No. He only sleeps in ashes, which aren't all that dirty, really. Way cleaner than those guys who sleep in their own shit and vomit, and have all sorts of infestations in their hair and clothes.
Do you remember how the first plastic 3D printers looked? They were tiny and their results were pathetic.   A couple years later and they're printing very high quality, strong (or weak, you can choose) parts of any shape.  Same will happen with metal. First steps are obviously ugly, but the quality will improve very quickly.
It can charge an iPad once? Doesn't iPad have a 6600 mAh battery? I'm guessing that 11200mAh in the description is like a model number or something, not actual capacity.   Similar to those knock-off chinese iPhone 3G phones, which didn't actually support 3G networks and "3G" was just a name of the phone.
All dedicated dashcams (and then some action cameras too) will record in loops.  You choose the length of a video file (3 min, 5 min, etc.) and it just records these short clips until it fills the memory. Then it deletes the oldest file to make room for new ones.  All dashcams have a "Save" button, you press it and they won't delete that file. I usually drive a few months before I need to take the card out and copy all the saved files to my PC.
G1W-C is a capacitor version instead of a battery, recommended to those who live in very hot or very cold places. Batteries are not good with extreme heat.
Heyy, Lithuania!
Here it's a shortening for "speed-o-meter".
Don't feel too bad, our free channels are also stuffed full of ads. Sometimes there's even a little spinning banner in the corner during The News. Advertising some stupid cough syrup or something.   Paid ones aren't, though. They do have commercial breaks, but they only show trailers of other shows on the same channel and what's coming up next week.
Oooh, we should have a thread with these.
So what is it?
[Amazon](http://www.amazon.co.uk/SanDisk-2GB-microSD-Card/dp/B000X4B30O/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435405944&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=micro+sd+2gb) is full of these.
Stop saying "as a cancer patient".
Great.  And what are we going to do with millions of migrants who will follow?
Underground is heating pipe. Warm.
Do you know what fuel it takes? Is it standard jet fuel?
&gt; pansexual  What the fuck is that.
In fact, they even said that it will air at the same time on Sundays as the BBC version.
Australia had Top Gear?
What..? They're literally the opposite.   3D printing stops being 3D printing when you stop adding stuff and start cutting it away.
If it's cutting, then it's not printing.  There are machines which can cut AND print at the same time, but they have different tools for both processes. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fr_PneeyO34) is one, it prints metal and then cuts it. Cutting at the moment is always more accurate than printing.
They took the body off and moved the battery to the passenger footwell. And added a snorkel.   It's not a custom vehicle, it's a factory one with the body removed.
Mine came with silver coating, it came right off after a bit of brake cleaner. I think it's more to prevent rust while it's in storage, rather than anti-squeal.
Those were standard ATE rotors with a matte silver coating, looked like [this](http://i.imgur.com/dYp39Bo.jpg). Also, as I said, it came right off after a bit of brake cleaner.
But only organic water.
Lots of bars use it to make their drinks look fancier. Last year some girl downed two such drinks before the nitrogen had time to warm up, nearly died.
They have borsch. Šaltibarščiai is not just cold borsch.
You did down.
Mods cause issues even if you keep them in Singleplayer. Online part of the game is full of cheaters.
Lietuvoj internetas daug kartų greitesnis, tai neturėtų dėl to bėdų būti.
