Xur has sold TLW at least 4 times. How about Red Death? Or Oversoul Edict? Both will wreck people just as hard as hand cannons.
All of them.
You can get the Oversoul Edict from the Abyss in HM Crotas End, which can easily be soloed now.
Can't confirm that, but I've seen every other IB weapon drop except the fusion rifle so far.
Except that mixes them in with every other primary, yet they have ridiculous impact to go with it.
:shrug: I mean, you're right, you could attack the imbalance any number of ways. That's really the issue at hand, each weapon class has weapons within it that vary greatly in the way they perform. That's why this game will likely never have true balance as some weapons within each class are outliers.  But like you said, you can switch between any of the primaries in PVE and not really lose any effectiveness. Gjallarhorn is vastly more powerful than any other rocket launcher but you never see PVEers complaining about it because they're not stuck at the receiving end. In PVP it's only average, so it hasn't been nerfed.  Exotics can remain outliers and still be "balanced" in PVP because you can only ever use one at a time.
Unless it's in PVP, which is what IB weapons are designed for...  I wouldn't pass up the opportunity to get that roll on GD unless I absolutely had to. It will be a beast.
D&amp;D are both huge fans of the series, that's how they got the job in the first place.
How is it from the hip? Because if it's a regular fusion from the hip but also accurate at range I could see how that could be really advantageous.
TLW has virtually no aim assist and a very low mag size compared to its fire rate. It is an extremely high skill cap weapon. Anyone who has actually used one would know this.
too soon, man. too soon.
The game is $20 and comes with a full month's worth of sub ($15 worth) and you get a random limited time item that you can sell for major cash on the AH. I'd say it's a good time to jump in.
The $500 million wasn't for just the first game...
If only it was just other kids. But I guess man-children still count.
No idea why you were downvoted, throwing knives aren't counted as melee kills for any bounty.
Yeah but considering what it used to be, ehhh. People used to drop ammo boxes every time they died, sometimes multiple boxes. And special ammo boxes were freaking everywhere to pick up.
Bro, do you even NDT?
Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?
This sub was like that, once.
It's the new exotic sniper/fusion rifle
Please note that one game has microtransactions to cover the cost of content development while the other has paid content releases. Two completely different types of games.
Shit, it's not often you see a Reaper that doesn't involve arc blade.
Somebody's assumption. Megaman datamined it, but Bungie has altered Xur multiple times since then, which megaman himself confirmed. We don't really know what's what anymore.
Ugh no kidding. I really enjoy using it in the Abyss but when you turn around to face 24 thralls coming at you and it only fires one shot instead of obliterating all of them it's really annoying.
It was "fixed," but the fix neutered the damage output on all the shots after the first one, making it even less useful. So they reverted it back for the time being.
Pimp slapped a Titan mid smash and then lanced 5 people at once? Is she single? :swoon:
ish
Unless you're playing the modes that are likely to get you an exotic you won't see them. Run the Nightfall, either raid, and your first PoE with the treasure key is a guaranteed exotic drop. Plus the exotic bounties which pop up pretty frequently and there's even a decent chance at getting them in PVP now. If you do the heroic strikes you'll get strange coins and can buy exotics from Xur each week.    If you're just dicking around in patrol or doing strikes you aren't likely going to see one for a long long time.
That sub is the main reason the game has received so many QoL improvements to date. It is far from apologetic about the state of the game.    As long as your criticism is constructive it will always be fine.
Stop whatever you're doing and start binge watching Parks and Recreation right now.
Relevant username
Yet they still reach the front page, so there is some large part of the community voting for it. Not to mention this type of thread shows up on the front page daily.
But also do check out homeland for the plot.
If it makes you feel any better, before challenge mode came out that was my experience in the raid as well.
Not just falls to his death, he gets knocked into the pit by a blind dude. His only accomplishment is tracking the Millenium Falcon.
Grab your parents log in credentials and use the Disney XD app
wat
/r/thathappened
But mah Econ 101 class...
The shows always start with a small budget and the battle scenes get better and better over time. If you compare the lightsaber battles from S1 of TCW to S5 and 6 you'd be shocked that they're the same show.
And it doesn't really spoil anything for the previous trilogy. Well, it does, but it's been written clever enough that you won't actually know what's being spoiled until you go back and read the original trilogy.  Hell, Mistborn is a great place to start. You've got the original trilogy, which is 100% done, and the Wax and Wayne trilogy, which is also now done. I mean anything with Sanderson always has the potential to be expanded over time, but the story lines for these trilogies are complete (though I have not finished Bands of Mourning yet).
Their new game that hits Kickstarter on the 7th may be a perfect fit depending on details.
Of ALL time.
He's got that diaper money
That just makes the pedestal that much higher. He took a gimmick and crafted an SFX masterpiece out of it. And since then nothing has really come close to recreating that magic. The film obviously has many flaws, but if we're just talking about SFX then it absolutely belongs on the list.
This IS their subreddit.
Don't forget claiming they're all shills.
It's only been an hour, Christ.
Just wow.
Wait, seriously?
