They gave all the good weapons to trials Unfortunatly  for some
That argument is invalidated by the amazing pve weapons available from the lighthouse
Even if they are geared at pvp it doesn't mean they aren't great for pve. A lot of pvp perks carry over to pve especially when there's elemental damage. You can't just gloss over the fact the only way to get a decent elemental primary with this dlc is through a flawless trials run.
Yeah i know its not required but the guy you responded to is talking about bursting him down. Which you pretty much need gjallarhorns
You only get one weapon even if you have two bounties at the same time
the problem with that is that skolas can pretty much one shot you with his solar cannon this week
yeah one of you stun him and the other two use gallys
What happens if someone has to leave and the other two want to keep going. They cant add anyone to there activity?
600 hours of gameplay and don't have a single faction shader and I only rank factions
Trials changed the game though. The fact that trials guaranteed you the ultimate pve weapons available in this dlc makes the activities and their rewards comparable. I do agree that when compared to old raids sure skolas and his rewards are not that bad. If we want to go a little deeper though the old raid weapons were actually good. The PoE weapons blow and I think that's where a lot of the outrage comes from. Anyone saying trials and skolas aren't comparable because trials is harder is just ridiculous. They are comparable because they both rewards elemental primaries. There was never a pvp equivelent like that before so it's hard to compare anything from this dlc to old raids and how they awarded gear
or you could only reconnect in between rounds
yes i just added that in the edit....
the majority of popular streamers are not against donations. Where did you get that idea? Thats a whole different discussion but you are way off the mark on that. They thrive on donations
you had them dead to rights... why did you leave the orbs and hand him those revives? cool vid but you shouldn't have been in that position anyway
any luck?
He made a video last year about a CONFIRMED 6th chest in the vault of glass. Made a 20 minute video describing how him and his team found it and what you need to do to find it as well. He was clearly lying and i unfollowed after that
Im not exactly sure what you are trying to say. Can you be more specific about what you are encountering or what the problem is?
yes there is. Just not for user controlled teams. Thats how computer players grow.
You sell the player to  a computer team in january and he will get a bump while on the other team in may. The may bump is still there just not for user controlled players
you didnt tell us what map you are talking about
alot of them lobby shop and quit when they are getting any decent competition
you found a decent youth prospect. A dime a dozen.
but it did. They all were playing on their personal accounts for the last two days because big foltz needed to be the one who reached 1000. Also the majority of the people doing the work were 3 of the streamers not the owner of the channel who made out ridiculous well from this whole thing
yeah hes a really amazing player but i know what you are saying. Last night he called some dude a "fucking idiot" and continued to ridicule the other team for actually trying to play the objective
it says it right on there you can only use on per season
no you cant bet on that because they dont do that.
that term has been around in FPS games for years. Its not something new
it doesnt but it does let you continue a kill streak for camo. If you have 3 kills die and rejack you can get 2 more and it will count as a blood thirsty for your camo.
thats because their physicals arent guaranteed to grow. May bump refers to a player growing in general not necessarily physical growth Usually only players who physicals are growing in YOUR team will grow when bumped in may. Sure there are exceptions  but thats a good rule. Als
thanks you for the clarification. People on more than one occasion have actually made posts like yours but lied about being the one who actually sold or bought the player.
Its actually pointless to train young players unless you have a certain pertinent stat you need to improve. Let me break it down. Each player grows naturally between 2-6 points in ALL their technical stats until they get close to their ultimate potential. Once they reach their potential they only grow in their position specific stats. Ie finishing and shooting stats for strikers, defensive stats for defenders. So by training you are actually making your players reach their overall sooner which is  preventing them from getting the maximum possible growth in the rest of their stats. I only train players when they start nearing their actually potential or have stopped  growing in all their stats. Might seem confusing but ive done extensive testing and it makes sense.
fair enough
lol a couple of weeks? Thats ridiculously optimistic
those are two very popular kill streaks. you should be seeing them.
heres an example. You are getting into a gun fight with someone and you pop your head out, take a couple shots and goes back behind cover only to be killed while behind said cover. Lag compensation in effect. Basically you were already killed by the player on his screen but because of the lag it took some time for the computer to register this making you die after you are behind over on your screen. In actuality you lost the gun battle it just didnt register yet.
yeah they grow in the academy
palpatine told who? he didnt need permission to execute order 66. Basically whoever won that night was on the right side in the eyes of the senate. If they had killed palpatine then the senate wouldve backed the jedi and we know what happened in the other scenario
order 66 was a secret. Had it not been a secret the jedi would have known about it and would have done something about it.
hoops are everywhere
yeah I'm confused about this. Didnt everything work out like everyone wanted it to?
i thought churchill and the priest had the same goal. I thought churchill and the government wanted to be able to cut ties with russia.  Again i could be wrong as well. It would make more sense your way but the whole time he never explicitly says who is doing what which get kind of convoluted with this many moving parts
not sure if this counts as a speech but Mathew McConaugheys closing argument from a time to kill.
there is not a single post talking about the fact the reshoots are do to the tone of the movie. There is another post talking about the how the reshoots are to add han solo. This info came out yesterday afternoon when the Hollywood reported actually had inside sources comment on it.
thats separate goddamn subreddit. I didnt say there were no posts on the entirety of reddit. I thought it was implied we were talking about this sub.
Tommy has a fragile peace in London with the jews and the Italians. Killing alfie would cause all out war. Tommy flipped out when he read the list because there was a name missing from it. Alfie would have only left a name off it if it was someone he was working with. Tommy already knew what names should have been on the list. It was a test and alfie failed by leaving a name off it. That let tommy know which person alfie was working with.  He knew he betrayed him.  Tommy told Alfie he crossed a line because his son was invovled. Alfie told him he was a hypocrite considering how many sons he has killed and the fact its his son doesnt make any difference. Thats was the jist of their argument.
Literally too small. At first Knight thought he might be too small to pull of a gangster like that. Thomas Shelby was suppose to be a imposing force which is probably easier for a big guy. He clearly convinced him otherwise and proved that he was right for the roll
yeah i dont think they had one stickied last sunday either.
wabalubadubdub
Well they got Emre Cans name wrong. Its prounced "CHAN" since his name has turkish origins. Also if youve ever watched a liverpool game thats how the announcers pronounce it.
the Turkish pronunciatian is "chan".  How do you get Djann out of that? Also how does that come out phonically?
