Ontario as well I assume the rest of Canada but I don't know that for sure
Could you get some of him singing or playing guitar in the video if you do? I was really hoping we would hear some
I probably look stupid here, but can you tell me what movie this is from? I feel like I should know but can't place it
Might want to check your CPU, a new gpu isn't always going to be all you need.
LPT:if someone is holding something in their hand, shake their other fucking hand
Looking for one legged man to make hops
If you already purchased it once you shouldn't have to "buy it again" ? I can redownload any app/game I've bought ever in my android history.
Where have I heard that before
ok
"just" over an hour ago
Hooot Pockets  "You're a genius here's a 100 million dollars"  "Now we need a jingle for our mexican market"  "uhhh...Caliente pockets?"   "How do you do it?!"
The shits/the flu
&gt;Capitalize on this SHIT  I see what you did there
Oh gotcha
Nothing more comfortable than a plane seat...
lol Dickey
You must forfeit?  Has it ever happened?
What if their television is what they use for their PC and PS4 and the speakers from the television are what they use for audio? Can't play audio from the PC then. What if they use headphones to play the PS4 and want the music and game sounds through them? What if they're not in the same room as their PC?  Your argument is "Get a stereo"? And even then, we go back to, what if they're using headphones for the PS4? What if they want to be silent?
You can also chat with friends through a laptop, not sure why they ever added chat through game consoles when it would be so easy just to bring your laptop with you.  It still doesn't solve the problem of playing a ps4 with a headset on which a large percentage of people do at ALL times. You're full of really useless answers.
Don't worry, he/she didn't take this picture, it's usually on the front page of R/Aww about every other week and has been for a couple years now.
Your*  You're still not answering how exactly they listen to music from those devices. Headphones? So they can't hear the game audio? Or are they just playing it through the amazing built in speakers? That's grade A quality there!
Especially 18 months after release
Easy Curly
It's three times bigger than Texas and about 1/4 the size of the United states so yeah it's pretty big and would indeed be "one hell of a state" if you're comparing it to any other state
Seems pretty relevant to him
Isn't that exactly what I said? "Especially" if you run into a transport truck which takes forever to stop.
EE with the now patented infield fly
Just wait for the downpour
This game is flying by
lol
GTA: Moscow
pop flys, pop flys everywhere
HAHAHAHA!
36 Marlins' "Fuck"s on this page
Indeed. Hopefully it's all on the bottom
Guess I'm never landing again
Or the not bad food shop
Woohoo?
Oh wait  is it because the forks are like spiders? I guess I would need some of the levels explained to me.
It never was
Is there no resource that shows who is or isn't on the 40 man?
Also, what does he do the 5 years between needing to call a game?
Wow cya hutch
Didn't Copeland just throw 7 innings a couple days ago?
I need that gif'd up
Well, Betts did blast his face off the wall trying to catch the ball.
Is there a better gif than the one so zoomed in?
Definitely a combination considering the Blue Jays probably have the best offense in baseball right now, hence leading the league by 60ish runs already.
Oh man all those random events though  aka same three things would happen while driving around and you'd have to chase a bad guy!
Nooo Mother, it's just the Northern lights.
