Bruce Garrioch is the source, so take it with a grain of salt
Mod note: Reddit doesn't let us sticky actual links, only .self posts.
Ironic that it was Draisaitl robbing Appleby.
**Floating City: A Rogue Sociologist Lost and Found in New York's Underground Economy** - 20% done so far, very entertaining. This guy is a great writer for a sociologist.
Dorkside has offered to merge subreddits, but we keep this one open because it's a free-for-all. No bans, no restrictions on content. It's a useful alternative for those who find value in that.
thatsthejoke.jpg
Russian scrabble must be a fucking nightmare
...anyone?
Miller gets the start next year, if he fails then Lack is the #1 and we have an expensive backup. If Lack is traded, replace Lack with Markstrom. There's no controversy.
didn't Elysian just get purchased by a huge beer company?
I get the feeling we'll be re-using this a lot.
NBC Sports cites Bar Down citing /r/hockey. It's weird.
There are still teams that are way under the cap, therefore there's more room for money to be made.
Yep, Seabrook is the classic #2, like Kevin Lowe or Adam Foote
Fetisov
Birdwatchers
Hollywood accounting 102
I removed yours, you had it starting 57 seconds in
Guessing more teams are calling on Lehner because they assume he's the one Ottawa is trying to trade.
Noel Picard. Happens all the time. Tripping isn't that bad.
You want me to stop posting hockey news that I find?
BUILD
Also, TIL that Martin Rucinsky hasn't retired yet.
The Wirtz family does not have a history of being accommodating to expansion teams.
Canucks were supposed to get one of these expansion slots but Wirtz/Norris co-owned a decrepit arena in St. Louis that they wanted to sell, so they used their Board of Governor powers and gave the 6th expansion slot to St. Louis... even though nobody had submitted a bid.
Guns, Germs and Steel / Collapse, two books by Jared Diamond. First one goes into why the successful civilizations on Earth were successful. Second one goes into why civilizations collapse.
Shaone Morrissonn. THAT'S NOT HOW YOU SPELL THAT. FUCK THAT GUY. FUCK HIS PARENTS.
1996 Red Wings, 1984 Islanders, 1983 Oilers, 1976 Flyers, 2011 Canucks, 2007 Sabres
It's either this or Instagram photos of Shawn Matthias at the beach with his girlfriend
Situations that were handled better than Jonathan Drouin's icetime during the current playoff run
Articles about goalie controversies in Vancouver
METRE
It is done
**Thinking, Fast and Slow, by Daniel Kahneman**      Just finished **Floating City: A Rogue Sociologist Lost and Found in New York's Underground Economy, by Sudhir Venkatesh** - he's a talented writer and a good sociologist but this book doesn't really go anywhere. The story just flames out after a while and he attempts to find meaning in it but it just falls flat. Still worth reading.
&gt; Never seen a colon used like that.      That's what she said
&gt; NHL commissioner Gary Bettman refuted reports Thursday that an announcement was imminent on the sale and relocation of the Atlanta Thrashers to Winnipeg.  &gt; "So people just make this stuff up, right?" said Bettman, who was attending Game 7 of the Western Conference semifinals between the Detroit Red Wings and San Jose Sharks. "Where's the accountability from all the people who a month ago were saying that Phoenix was definitely going? Whatever is being written [about Atlanta] is being made up."      - May 2011
How do you come up with those odds?
&gt; Given how much money they've sunk into the Coyotes, why stop now?      http://www.lifehack.org/articles/communication/how-the-sunk-cost-fallacy-makes-you-act-stupid.html
They don't get paid in the playoffs
He has definitely mentioned before that conference alignment isn't much of a consideration with regards to expansion.
You mean [Powerplay Specialist Byron Ritchie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PW4Z3lX2Pk)
"Without explanation" refers to the shadowbanning of users. They are notoriously lacking transparency on that.
LOUD NOISES
hella
Reddit auto-downvotes posts when they get to a certain popularity as part of some kind of algorithm? I don't really know, but it's possible to have downvotes without anyone actually downvoting you
The first of the legendary Predator defenseman pedigree.
Philly could always trade away more defensemen to make room.
Neutral Zone Trap.   Building a team around the goaltender.
Duane Sutter had four Cups when he was 24      Claude Provost had five when he was 27
I mean he was the youngest player to win all four of the Islanders cups
