I remember in my textbook in a college class I had, in the chapter on evolution, they mentioned a case regarding frogs in Minnesota or somewhere that were born with extra legs. Everyone suspected chemical pollution but it turned out to simply be an example of random mutation. In other words, it wasn't an environmental cause.  I'm not saying that climate change isn't a problem or even the trigger for this sort of thing. It just reminded me of my book.
There is a checkbox to turn the automatic redirect feature off. So now I only use it to set up initial redirects of the main menu or other necessary pages when I'm re-doing someone's site.
You can get cockatoo shampoo. A cockatiel is like a tiny cockatoo. I'm assuming your bird is a cockatiel.
Ariel the cockatoo is now just Big White Bird. Big Bird. Big Ginormous Humongous Bird. Big Chicken Bird. Big Chicken. Big Big. Fergie the conure gets called Green Bird a lot these days.
I you are looking to microload 1lb and you get a bar that weighs 3lbs more than the bar you used last time, what good is your 1lb microweight?
Are you planning to spend this money in the US? Do you just want clothes to wear to college? Go to Costco or Target. Don't go to a mall and pay mall prices.
That's one thing Ray Jardine writes about in his book The PCT Hiker's Handbook. In the final chapter he writes about how we all spend our lives striving for comfort, security and status and how spending time out there you realize that none of those things are a path to real happiness, nor are they actually achievable. You come to see how they matter very little and that true fulfillment is found elsewhere. It's so hard to maintain that outlook once you come back to the regular world, though.
I created my own module. The zip part is a custom function that uses PHP ZipArchive to unzip the file after upload. http://php.net/manual/en/class.ziparchive.php  Looks like and extra for IMCE now does this. https://www.drupal.org/project/imce_unzip Come to think of it, I think I got the code for my custom module from this: https://www.drupal.org/node/956790 .
My module didn't actually do this on creation of a node. I created a separate administration page for this. If I can find it, or maybe if I can find the example I stole the code from, maybe I can post something for you.
We've given up on printers, too. If we get another printer it will be a high-quality laser printer. Otherwise, we take stuff to work or to a copy shop and print it there.
That's when they pulled out the fiddles and banjos and did a square dance with a caller.
Your hosting company will probably have php available, so find a free form script that sends the details of a form via email and you'll at least have something up quickly. Try to find one that gets good reviews, that has some protections against abuse. Your hosting company might even have one available that it has vetted and approved with a one-click install. All you would have to do is customize the appearance of it.
This is spot on.
Something like that would be very handy to have. For splinters, for example. Thanks for that suggestion!
Start with family and friends. See if they or their family and friends have anything they don't want anymore.
If you have an avian vet you could ask for a necropsy.
Even better is the views content cache module. Set a view to update when nodes are created/updated.
I don't know anything about organic groups. The module lets you set your views cache based on whether nodes are created/updated/deleted. Obviously this is problematic when you want the view to update when associated nodequeues are changed, for example, because that isn't a trigger. I suppose if your organic groups situation is similar to wanting an external event to trigger the content cache, you'll have similar non-results.
It's a Lexmark of some sort. It's a total lemon. I think the only thing I ever printed was maybe 1 short PDF and my taxes. It has rarely worked. $20 a sheet may be an exaggeration, but it can't be far off because it has hardly been used and simply refuses to work.
What kind of bird is that? Is he a pionus? He's really handsome.
Thrift store is the best option really. Alternatively, if all you want is fast-drying performance fabric, pretty much any lightweight polyester, nylon, polyester/cotton or nylon/cotton blend shirt will work. Lightweight being the key.
That same American culture produced people like Anish: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgDeh2XDNY4
Soaking up some sun and scheming what next to destroy.
You've got mice.
What kind of bird?  You could try wrapping it in mesh medical tape. There's a kind that sticks to itself without adhesive on the back. I forget what it's called.
No, they really are a real thing.  A regular juicer that you just smoosh the lemon on works better though.
You have termites.
An interesting tool I learned about at DrupalCon is Patternlab. http://patternlab.io/ If designers could learn to design in patterns rather than build little photoshop posters of the pages, I think we'd all be better off.
She needs help. You must scratch her little head and help those sheathes to come off. Do this and you will forever be her best friend forever. Maybe she'll even return the favor and preen you eyelashes.
You can get pet burger from US Wellness Meats and it will be nutritious enough for you to eat plus grass-fed. Lots of organ meats, which of course are full of vitamins.
You will be petting that bird for the rest of your life! He looks so sweet. Glad to hear he'll be happy and loved now.
My bird's usually quite proud of herself when she's wet.
People don't know if the empty bar is because that's all you are strong enough to lift, it's what you're on schedule to lift because of your program, or if you are doing some kind of rehab for an injury.
Burt's Bees honey lib balm.
You can fix that with a needle and thread. You can use a seam sealer, like for tents, to seal the seam if you find that necessary. I wouldn't think it's necessary. The pocket is pretty far up and wouldn't get hit by very much rain. Seam sealer would look ugly, too, so don't do it unless it's absolutely necessary.
The thing is, they are going to need that stuff to start their new lives.
The concierge.
You can go to Texas.
Do it, but set the date as December 31, 2016.
Thank you. These look helpful.
rake routes:       users GET    /users(.:format)                             users#index      POST   /users(.:format)                             users#create     new_user GET    /users/new(.:format)                         users#new     edit_user GET    /users/:id/edit(.:format)                    users#edit     user GET    /users/:id(.:format)                         users#show     PATCH  /users/:id(.:format)                         users#update     PUT    /users/:id(.:format)                         users#update     DELETE /users/:id(.:format)                         users#destroy  In routes.rb users isn't nested or anything, but it does nest things itself:      resources :users do         resources :schedules         resources :contacts         resources :alerts     end  This problem is for pretty much all my routes, not just users. But it only affects tests as all routes work fine in the browser.
I accidentally replied in the wrong place. https://www.reddit.com/r/rails/comments/401t3y/why_in_my_tests_does_get_show_id_user_work_but/
Okay. I suppose it make sense. Odd that it works in the railstutorial.org app but not my own app.
It fades glass into beach glass, so why not? It's probably some kind of man-made object that's been rolling around in the waves for a while.
Ah, thank you. That explains it. I swear I spend more time learning and trying to figure out why my tests don't work than I actually do on the application.
If you want to be able to eat a lot of protein and also maintain a pretty stiff calorie deficit, you're going to have to set up a situation where your calorie requirement is fairly high so that the 1000 calorie deficit doesn't have you on meager rations. You can do that by getting a lot of exercise.
You might be able to accomplish something using several taxonomies on your nodes and providing a search (exposed filter) with a couple of select boxes. You won't get URLs like that. Instead you'll get query strings on your URLs. Otherwise you should construct a single taxonomy carefully so that you can use terms with depth.  If I were you I'd spend an afternoon creating a whole bunch of views trying this and that to see if you can accomplish this. Try it on a copy of the site so you can break things and start over and over again however many times it takes.
It's an egg inside an egg, but it's not fully-formed. Sometimes an egg forms inside another egg. There was a video with a big egg I saw recently that did have a fully-formed second egg inside. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wubgAIiWpY
Is there a spider or maybe a tiny fly?
I think what you are seeking is a nice text editor that will give you syntax highlighting for whatever language you're working with. There are many that are free. Go in search and try them out until you find one you like.
