Are you doubting that you have actually been eating 1,500 or are you doubting that your maintenance is 2,700-3,000?   Given your age and weight, 2,700-3,000 for maintenance isn't that crazy. All those calculators are only estimates, though. The only way to tell for sure is to use real results (i.e. weight loss, gain, or maintenance) to tell what your true TDEE is.  If you are doubting the 1,500 calories, can you post a sample day that's added up to 1,500? We might be able to tell where things could be inaccurate, if anything.
You have quite a bit of wiggle room in your deficit, so even if your calorie counts are off, you should still see weight loss. Given what's shown, though, I see a few areas where tracking may be inaccurate:  - How did you cook your egg at breakfast? Did you use any oil, etc.?  - How do you know the grilled cheese totalled 335? Sandwiches are one of those things that can range from 300 calories to over 1,000, so it's generally better to log the individual components (bread, meat, cheese, butter, etc.)  - Did you measure or weight out the 1 tbsp of oil in dinner or did you eyeball it?  - Did you count out exactly five almonds twice?  - Any other beverages other than the nespresso pod? Did you add anything to the coffee?
40-60g of cooked oatmeal may be 35 calories, but the portion is almost nothing (it's less than a tbsp of uncooked oats). Are you sure about his portion?   40 grams of uncooked oats (a normal portion) are about 1/3 of a cup and contain about 130 calories.  With the rice and quinoa, I recommend weighing out your portions uncooked, as there is more variance in cooked weight/volume due to potential differences in water absorption.
Yep! Edited my reply, sorry.
I agree with u/funchords. Can you post a sample 2,000 calorie day or a link to your food diary? Maybe from looking it over we can help identify where there could be an issue.
How do you mean?   I have my MFP (free version) set to 60%C/20%F/20%P. On my food/nutrients tab, it currently shows that I can eat 162g more carbs, 50g protein, and I'm over by 5g of fat today.
Overnight oats or chia puddings make great make-ahead breakfasts. Depending on your calorie/macro goals, you can make all kinds using various ratios of milks/oats/chia seeds/protein powder/fruit/etc.
If you've successfully cut 45 pounds using MFP, then you have all the data you need to determine your accurate TDEE.   Say you lost one pound per week eating 2,000 calories per day, that means you were eating at a deficit of 3,500 calories per week or 500 per day. This means your TDEE (i.e. maintenance calories) is 2,000+500=2,500. For bulking, you can then add 200-500 calories per day for this for "bulking" calories of 2,700-3,000.
If you want to add more muscle mass over time, you'd need to go through bulking phases to achieve this.
A TDEE of 1,746 isn't completely outside the realm of reasonability given your height, but my initial thought is that maybe there's an issue with your tracking.   Over your 3.5 weeks using the spreadsheet, did you enter your calories every single day? Were there any days that you didn't track and just guessed?   You say that you probably eat about 2,000 calories on the days where you eat whatever you want. From tracking some of those days, myself, I can attest to the fact that "whatever I want" can easily be over 4,000 calories.
[Deja Vu](https://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/comments/4my9kf/michael_caine_circa_1968/)
The main benefit of a scale is accuracy, as others have mentioned.  Another benefit is that you don't dirty as many dishes when using a food scale. For example, say you measure out cereal using a measuring cup: when you do this, you dirty both a measuring cup and a bowl.   With a scale, though, you just set the bowl on the scale, "tare" it to zero and pour the cereal right into the bowl to the desired serving. No extra dishes dirtied!
Despite delays from the original dates, construction is still going forward.   Many of the units were originally sold more than 2 years ago, it'll be interesting to see whether they're all actually occupied once the mall opens.
It's a "woosh".   Sometimes as you lose weight, your fat cells shed fat but replace the volume with water. This means that, even though you are losing fat each day, the scale stays the same.   Them after a period of a few days to a few weeks, all the water is shed from those fat cells, suddenly "releasing" days' to weeks' of weight loss all at once.
How often were/are you eating cheat meals?  Say you eat 1,500 a day Sunday through Friday and then eat a cheat meal on Saturday. A restaurant meal can easily be 1,500-2,000 calories, meaning you could be eating 3,000 calories on Saturday. If this is the case, you're average consumption is actually 1,700.   Throw in some inaccuracies in measuring here and there and variance in your actual TDEE and that explains why you aren't losing.  Suggestion: track every day, even cheat days. It's ok to have some days with higher calories, but you'll need to decrease the other days to offset.
Spices!  First, instead of water, I use broth (chicken/beef/vegetable). Then, depending on the vegetables I'm using, I add different combinations of spices including cumin, turmeric, chili powder, oregano, basil, etc.  Pretty well all my soups include onions and garlic.  If you're not sure what flavours go well together, google recipes based on whatever vegetable you're wanting to use.
The 15g = 80 calories in the above link is all good. So just make sure you're weighing out 15g and not relying on a measuring cup.
1.5 hours at 375 should do it. Cover the top with foil until the last half hour or else the top crust will burn.
Actual results trump calculators, though. If you've been maintaining your weight at 150 lbs, then whatever you've been eating is your maintenance.   Is it possible that you are eating 1,700 calories most days, but then eating more on weekends/holidays/etc? If so, this could be pushing your average consumption to a number closer to 2,100.
Most people here use MFP. Just log the individual items that you are putting into the Nutri-Ninja.  For example, an entry could look like this:  - 1 cup blueberries: 50 calories  - 1 scoop protein powder: 120 calories  - 1 cup milk: 110 calories  - 1 cup spinach: 10 calories
&gt; but they shouldn't enough to outdo the deficit during the week  They might be. Are you tracking your weekends or just guessing? I can easily eat 4,000 calories in a day.
It looks like the ranges are accounting for the fact that there are options when it comes to sides.  For example, the "Bacon You Fancy" burger meal is advertised as 920-1,980 calories. Side options range from a low of 30 (Weeds) to 990 (poutine). So, it sounds like the burger itself is about 890 calories.
All the calculators are just estimates. Since you have actual weight loss results, you can calculate your actual TDEE from that.  How many calories did you eat per day over the last two months? 25 pounds over two months is a total deficit of 87,500 calories (25 x 3,500) or about 10,000 calories per week. That means your daily deficit was about 1,400 calories.   However, I'm assuming you lost weight faster at the beginning due to an initial drop of water weight, so let's be conservative and say your actual deficit was 1,200 calories per day. For the sake of the explanation, say you have been eating an average of 1,600 calories a day, that would mean your TDEE is 2,800 (1,200 + 1,600).
No. The calories required to digest food are already taken into account in a food's calorie count.  Technically, water is negative calorie because the body does use some calories to heat up water to body temperature, but the number of calories is insignificant.   Certain non-food items (like paper and grass) could be considered negative calorie because the body has no way to extract calories from these items. But this is outside the discussion.
Shaksuka!  Here's a sample [recipe](http://toriavey.com/toris-kitchen/2010/07/summer-2010-travel-blog-shakshuka/) but there's lots available out there.
President's Choice or Kraft natural (just peanuts and salt)  PB2
The [Inspiralized](http://inspiralized.com/) website has tons of tips and recipes divvied up my ingredient.  With zucchini noodles, I usually just toss in a hot skillet for a few minutes before adding sauces and toppings.
They are both just guesses. Whether the bike or MFP is more accurate will depend on the bike. Generally, all those machines and MFP overestimate calories, so I'd be inclined to go with whichever estimate is lower and then knock off another 25%.  To get a more accurate measure of calories burned, you'll need a heart rate monitor.   For a frame of reference on what calorie burn is possible on the bike, I burn 250-500 calories per hour depending on my effort level.
That sounds about right, only way to find out for sure is to try.  Eat 2,000 calories a day. Let at least three weeks go by (this should be enough time to take care of water weight fluctuations) and see how your weight has changed. At this point, you can adjust your target if need be.
What is the recipe? My answer will vary based on what purpose the spaghetti is serving.
Do you enter your food every day, weekends as well as weekdays?  How to you estimate the entries for foods that you buy as takeout?  How to you record and/or measure the foods you prepare yourself?  As I said before, there is no way you aren't losing weight if you are eating only 800 calories a day. So, that leads me to believe there are issues with your calorie tracking.
Here are some of my favourites:  - [Carrot coconut curry](http://www.acouplecooks.com/carrot-coconut-curry-soup/)  - [Moroccan carrot](http://myculturedpalate.com/recipes/moroccan-carrot-soup/)  - [African peanut](https://www.budgetbytes.com/2014/08/african-peanut-stew-vegan/) - in this one, you can use different vegetables instead of collards such as kale, spinach, mushrooms, etc.
If you really want to give overnight oats (or smoothies, even) that battery taste, the key is extracts. Like, instead of vanilla extract, you can get butter extract and almond extract. These two flavours in particular work really well.
Check out r/1200isplenty and r/1500isplenty . So many ideas for meals!
That's not a plateau. That's just eating at maintenance.
How many calories are you eating?  How long were you eating that level without losing weight?  What is your height and weight?  In counting calories, are you counting *everything* you eat including oils, beverages, samples, etc.? How are you measuring what you eat?  To answer the actual question, plateaus happen because water weight fluctuations will mask actual fat loss. Plateaus normally last up to a few weeks.
Welcome to the world of accurate calorie counting. It is surprising how many calories are in "healthy" foods. This is why it is so important to be accurate.
Does the restaurant you are going to post calorie counts? If so, just take a look over the menu before hand and pick something that fits into your daily goal.  Otherwise, if you want to keep the meal lighter watch out for dressings, added oil and butter and giant portions. Don't feel like you have to eat the entire meal.
Yes, you log and weigh each individual item.  If you want to be very exact, an entry could look like this:  - 100g lettuce: 15 calories  - 200g tomato: 36 calories  - 200g carrots: 80 calories  - 1 tbsp oil: 120 calories  - 1 tbsp vinegar: 5 calories  And so on.   Once you have the hang of logging and have an understanding of which vegetables are low calorie (like lettuce, tomato, cucumber) you may feel comfortable just throwing in eyeballed estimates for those.
No, a healthy diet will always consist of more than three things. I can't see those three food items containing every vitamin you need.  If you need idea on what kinds of foods can make up a complete diet, check out r/EatCheapAndHealthy, r/MealPrepSunday, r/1200isplenty  and [EatThisMuch.com](https://www.eatthismuch.com/)
If you were actually eating 1,500-1,600 calories per day at 333lbs you would be losing weight.  Do you measure and weigh everything you eat?   Do you log every single snack, bite, condiment, cooking oil etc?  Do you go out to eat often?  Do you track every day, even weekends, holidays, etc.?
I threw your stats into a TDEE calculator. Assuming you are 30 years old and sedentary, your maintenance calories are about 1,700 per day. This means that you are likely eating about this much, on average.   If you want to lose weight, you'll need to eat less than this. You can decrease the food you are eating now without tracking.   What I like to do, though, is to first go through an exercise of keeping your eating normal for a week but tracking everything as accurately as possible. I recommend My Fitness Pal for this. For one week, weigh and measure every single bit and sip of food and beverage that you consume. This includes soda, coffee, condiments, samples, tastes, everything. Doing this will show you where your calories are coming from so that you have the knowledge on where you can make cuts.
&gt; If your body is used to not getting a lot of food; it is going to make the most out of the little bit it does get. It will start using fuel like a prius; trading basic performance for longevity (slowing metabolism by keeping food in your stomach longer, shrinking heart muscle, slow moving intestines, lowered body temperature, etc).  This only happens during times of actual starvation, when the body has run out of fat reserves. [More on that here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/wiki/index#wiki_starvation_mode)  At OP's current weight, that does not seem to be the case.
Do you mean you're having trouble with calculating the calorie in home cooked meals or that you're having a hard time finding recipes/ideas to begin with?
Based on the food you've listed, you should be losing weight.  How long have you stuck to this calorie budget? What was your exact weight at the start of that and what was your most recent weight?
Yeah, so once you adjust for the cookie, the exercise and the BLT bread, you're left with closer to 500-600 calories for dinner. Still a fine budget.  You did well to calculate as much as you did. It's a process to get used to this.
Say you are eating cereal. On the side of the box the nutrition label will read something like "120 calories per 1 cup (30g.)"   If you used a 1 cup measuring cup to portion the cereal, you could end up with a varying portion depending on how big the cereal flakes are and how you place them in a measuring cup. This means that you could think you are taking 120 calories worth of cereal when you are really taking 150+ calories.  Best thing to do is place your bowl on the food scale and hit "tare" to set it to zero. Then, start pouring your cereal in until the scale reads 30g. With this, you know you have taken exactly 120 calories worth of cereal.
New exercise routines generally result in an increase in scale weight as your muscles retain added water to aid in their repair.   Keep doing what you're doing and the weight loss should resume soon.
How much weight did you lose in the last three weeks?   Unless you have an accurate calorie log of your weekly averages over the last year, then all we can do is assume that you decreased your calories in the last three weeks.   If you were previously maintaining, then all you would need to do is cut 100 calories from your daily diet to start losing weight again. That's pretty easy to do without noticing.
Is that without some of the optional ingredients? I calculated [209 calories](https://www.verywell.com/recipe-nutrition-analyzer-4129594) with 3.4g of protein per muffin.
