When I first got it, it worked off the toolbar, not with E.  After saving and reloading, it worked with E.
Note though: you only get a glowstick if the glowstick is farther up in your inventory than the flare gun~
at the end of the punch line.
Interesting, and yes you're right.  It only replaces the most recently summoned monster.  I can do any combination as long as I unsummon
Yes on the bewitcher table and well fed, never seen a summoner potion I'll have to brew some.  Do I need to keep drinking the potions to keep the buff, or just once before I summon?  Also, what's an EoW scarf?
That being the case, wouldn't the corruption invalidate the room regardless of whether or not there was a door?
Actually the video made me realize, NPC wandering is non-deterministic, right?  A friendly NPC locked in a room with a pressure plate should hit it an unpredictable number of times (though probably not useful for virtual computers)  Additionally, there seems to be some randomness to spawning piranhas from a statue on dry land.  If a crab was spawned and there was a switch on his right and on his left, I'd imagine his direction of choice would be 50/50.  Additionally, I've noticed when mine carts have underside collisions, I sometimes get unpredictable results, and occasionally even at max speed, a certain jumping route that's carefully calculated can misfire.  I spent a lot of time trying to get a mine cart to fly through a door and the results were inconsistent.  I'm going to try to play around with sequences of boost tracks and see if I can make something unpredictable happen, will report back.
at the big chicken store.
Nope, /u/Charlie_Zulu, you're totally wrong; I'm not trying to get a space station to fly to a different planet, I'm trying to get it to orbit Kerbal.  I'm aware that KSP is difficult, the "difficulty" i'm having is that a 3 part space station wiggles around like an angry worm on a hot sidewalk while floating in orbit doing NOTHING.
Humm, have you heard about "KAS" and "KIS"?  Lots of people are saying things that make it sound like there IS a way to do this...
precioussssss...
Interesting, and no... I'll look into this
In the real physics world, does more parts end up causing things to behave unpredictably?
Are you actually enjoying this?
Only if it can star Redgren Grumbolt.
How is Jerry going to accomplish anything though?  In the season finale he was all "Anything you care to tell us about this previously unmentioned 'government'", when it's come up, in his presence, at least a dozen times.
Ernest Saves Rick?
possible to make a printable version on white background?
What was George Washington's middle name?
Only when there's combat going on, or when I'm specifically trying to get a particular project done, and a lot of times I supervise a hunting party.  Edit: I just realized "season" means a 15 day season, not a 60 day year.  I had originally meant to say year.
Doing that now, Tundra in late fall is already no joke, so settling in the middle of nowhere near a lot of enemies.  ...On that note, does the nearby factions (mapwise) impact who visits you?  In my old base I was able to call for help to pretty much any faction, even if they are nowhere near me.  I'm a 5 day journey from anyone, hoping I can get some trade.
Related observation: When I call to request a trader, factions nearby OR very far take the exact same time to arrive.  Being directly next to a faction helps if you plan to raid/trade a lot with them though.
;-;
I see it; "Toggle colonist bar".  It's checked; no bar.
Yep, mine's checked
Yes, it's checked.
HOLY CRAP YOU CAN WALK OVER WEAPON RACKS???
Hahaha, yeah that's exactly it.  Thanks! :)
That was a great scene :)
rageking5 found it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaR_5tRi8ro#t=3m25s
Full of frozen raw meat and room temperature kibble.  They were set to follow a colonist who was working &amp; apparently he carried a meal with him &amp; ate in the field rather than back at home.  From there, the dogs got too hungry &amp; just started standing around.  Stupid dogs.
South Park does a similar gag when they take a field trip to Costa Rica, the tour guide over-pronounces the Spanish words like "Coh-STAHH-ree-KAHH".  The memorable scene from that was where Carman rolls down the bus window and yells "Hey everyone look at the prostitues!" and one of them replies "hey mang, why you no take a peekshur?" and Cartman pretends to hold up an invisible camera and says "Okay~  Cleeeek!"
RIGHT?  Jeez, it's like having a bunch of teenagers.
How is it not?
Once they become colonists, you can't throw them into the geyser room any longer without pissing off EVERYONE
So, your little sister...
From a developer's standpoint, as best I can tell the "fleeing pirates" sequence of events is a 2-part sequence, consisting of adding a colonist, a short delay, then a raid.  I would bet very heavily that the raid is just a standard raid that's put in the queue by the event, rather than a special subset of raid.
Yeah you're right though, I can picture the blocky silver text on the screen.
I usually let them die, but the attacking pirates often have some with good stats &amp; I can pick and choose after :)
HAHAHAHA that's fantastic.
OK THEN.    In the original Sim City there were random disaster events, and your focus was on preparing to handle them by expanding your foundation incrementally in a way that was balancing the aggregate of needs using a variety of buildings; I need money so I build industry, now I need people to work at the place so I build residential, but the residents need to buy things so I build commercial, but now I have higher power demand so I build a power plant, but now I have higher pollution so I build parks, but now I have higher tax costs so I need to repeat, all the while expanding outward building roads etc, trying to find a balance of needs while increasing my revenue and therefore my foundation, while preparing for a fire to destroy everything.  In Terraria, you run around mining/harvesting resources and using them to build block-driven buildings of your own arbitrary shape and design in order to fulfill needs of industry (smelting, weapon making, etc), while expanding the base of items you're able to build, improving your stats, moving up into better and better gear that you make yourself, all of which improves your ability to dig and build and eventually NPCs move in, each which has it's own specialty.  The block-by-block building mechanism, the resource harvesting, NPC management, raids, random disasters, outward expansion, research and technology increases etc are all present in both Sim City and Terraria.  Now you tell me how I'm wrong.
"Abrasive", so skilled in pissing off ALL my colonists who are actually working.
MORTY GET AHO-OOHHHHHhhh-LD OF YOURSELF!
WHAT IS THIS MAGIC OF WHICH YOU SPEAK?
My vote goes with the Professor/a, I've used his/her or him/her in games in the past when gender isn't explicitly stated, or when the text isn't modifiable.
OK then, lets use a word that wasn't offensive "from the time of its creation":  The word "Negro" was considered scientifically and politically accurate for years; placed on medical forms, census papers, political surveys, and was officially recognized by the US government as "proper".  In around 1970 we were told to stop saying it, and people born before 1960 thought it was silly and that it was a perfectly valid word.  Here's a literal conversation I heard about 5 months ago between an elderly couple at a Dennys (I'll never forget it):  Cashier: "Sorry our computer is down, which server did you have?"  Man: "The Negro"  Wife: "HAROLD!  They don't like to be called negros"  Man: "What?  Why not, thats what they are"  Wife: (whispers) "We aren't supposed to use that word, they're African Americans now"  Man: "Afric~  I'm not saying that, that's stupid.  They're Negros, and if they find that offensive, that's their problem"  I understand that you feel "inconvenienced" to update your vocabulary, but so did this man, and you can fight social change all you want, frankly I don't care, and neither will people your age, but the younger generation will roll their eyes, be embarassed, and largely view you as backward and out of touch.
Didn't spend a lot of time in Blockbuster's VHS horror section?
these don't look safe to eat...
I was being #ironic, but #thanks for the #guidance all the same
Restart fixed it; first restart in like 3 days.
