Most of reddit thinks anything older than three or four years is going to explode any second.
Get a myfitnesspal account and log everything that goes into your mouth for a week or two.  That'll explain very clearly why you never gain weight despite all the food you think you eat.
It's the little known fifth turtle, Retardatello.
Muhammed Comcast.
Poutine
Have you ever actually seen a dick before?
Tell that to our resident army of "my pit wouldn't hurt a fly" redditors.
and he's very expensive
Buy a $50 push mower off craigslist.
They actually pass each other.
put a plate full of french fries in front of him, that'll shut him up for a while
he looks black to me
Civ 5, if you're looking to pass lots and lots of time.
nope
http://i.imgur.com/NQHKSVE.gif
Imbalances in what?  Those three exercises cover a huge range of muscles, which is why they're always the go to lifts.
Do some rows or some other pulling exercise.  I guess I'd assume most lifting plans include something like that.
/r/lewronggeneration
They did...a little. Down 14-0 and driving. Score a TD there and you're down a touchdown in the first quarter and who knows how the game goes from there. Instead we throw a pick 6 and it's game over.  Coulda shoulda woulda, I guess.
[I can see it](http://i.imgur.com/DTNVt1E.png)
/r/funny
It is kind of MO of Islamic terrorists. Is it racist to point that out now?
Seriously, do people realize they're not required to say "thanks for the gold, kind stranger"? No one's going to take away your reddit privileges if you just say thanks.
He's saying it's pretending that they're doing it to inspire people that is off-putting. If you want to just post your ass because it's a great ass and you like the attention, then go for it.
Please don't start this shit.
Well see, age caught up to him!
He'll get his ass locked up for life like three seconds after leaving the NFL.
This is simply a matter of rearranging money that is already being spent. Essentially exchanging private spending for public. There's also no reason to believe it won't be much less expensive overall, given how much cheaper every other country is able to do it.
You've probably already tried, but have you set your iPresentInterval to 0 in fallout4prefs.ini?  I did that, set a frame rate limit with RivaTuner, and my FPS about doubled. Load screens were cut in half too for whatever reason.
Did it stay set at 0? Sometimes the game sets it back unless you make the file read only.
Got any local dirt tracks near you?
That's the stupid inefficiency created by our system, ironically enough in part due to Reagan signing EMTALA into law. Doing so created a de facto universal care system that drove the uninsured to acquire that care in the most costly way possible - the ER.
Quick, someone post Charlie Bit My Finger!
I'm still wondering how you have two grisly rape/murder scenes without a drop of blood. Dude must have some some serious blood cleaning up skills.
Still want to know how there was no blood found in either of the two supposedly grisly crime scenes.
Where's the evidence this woman was raped and had her throat slit while tied to a bed in this guy's bedroom? Avery apparently is a very gifted crime scene cleaner.....and then decides to just stash the vehicle out back?
Actually it was the defense lawyers making that point.
Do what?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA
sweet repost
Goodwill smell.
Why is this perfectly reasonable question getting downvoted? WTF is going on here?
[Breaking news.](http://bogleech.com/pokemon/slowpoke.png)
Peyton looks like he's in pain doing anything. Resting pain face.
how the fuck do you let Gronk get over the top there?
ok
They won't listen to him either and then demand someone higher up the chain all while insisting they're "not trying to cause any trouble."
"I don't give two shits about three fucks."  This kid is hardcore.
[Looks like a success, Doc.](http://i.imgur.com/pOW71.gif)
How do you get black listed from Amazon?
