Looks like fun, AWD yes? Can hardly call it a Volkswagen anymore though.
Thats what I said. Also the sequel script has been kicking around for years, it was turned into a comic book. They could surely tweak it to include El Roca.
Amazing.
Find a complimentary smell that you like and gradually overpower the purple stinky punch.
&gt;far more thoroughly than being yelled at on the internet.  Especially considering he can't hear any yelling at the moment.
Looks like a LeMons car.
I'm confused, I see a window, it looks like the panel is on the ceiling but I also see outlets and a light switch. Anyway it sort of looks like the light board you use to look at x-rays and transparencies.
8 Days wow, surprised it hasn't sold yet.
In the past squad cars would have accuracy certified speedometers and police were trained to measure your speed based on relative speed to their own vehicle. A lot of places still do this.
Am I missing something? Whats shitty?
&gt;By 1993, the existing Mustang had started to get a little long in the tooth, and as a result Ford made efforts to mix up the car’s design to appeal to a fresher market.  &gt;Prior to that, Ford had transformed the Mustang into a front-wheel drive sports car that looked more like a European saloon than the infamous muscle car, leading to an intense backlash from fans.  The article has some facts out of order. The front-wheel drive model they're referring to *was* a Mustang concept but negative feedback led Ford to go opt for the Panther platform instead giving us the Fox Body Mustang. The FWD concept ended up being a Ford Probe. The Fox Body ended its cycle in '93 and the SN95 was well into final prep and production when that happened. Shitty journalist.
Ok, I get that. Its still what appears to be a standard issue stock R33, its neither shitty nor modded so......
Just looks like repairs to me. No discernible patterns.
Maybe you should be careful. Same platform, Panther is an umbrella term as it predates Fox and Fox is merely a SWB variation therein. Shit journalist.
R34 had bigs and smalls R32 had an intermediate light between the brake lights.
It is when its reclaimed.
LOL. Here's a [Spider](http://www.alfaclassics.de/tl_files/alfaclassics/fahrzeuge/alfa_spider_2_0_fastback.jpg).
Only back to R31?
Was it an eccentric vehicle or a mundane car? Also where did you see it, US, Euro, etc.
Not in 95. First gen Neons had great transaxles and the 2DR is SUPER light. Which is a great base for forced induction.
If I had to go "Crappy car" I choose you, Toyota Echo. Surprisingly light and its just awkwardly ugly enough to be endearing. I picture a full suspension suite, a throaty high flow exhaust and ITB's. Maybe a notchy short shifter.
~~W20 MR2. Porsche 914 . SA RX7, S30 Z(Scarab).~~ Shit just noticed you need a 4 Seater. Okay than........ Volvo 200 series, W115 Benz, Series 1 Jag XJ (lots of existing kits for these), Type 2 Vanogan.
I'm seeing GPS tracker a lot but the unit 1 sticker makes me wonder. I'm thinking it might just be a wireless diagnostic adapter used at a shop that someone forgot to remove.
Looks like the barrel of a pin connector, 14-16 gauge.
[Noooooooooooooo](http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/1/14520/1271712-batman_dead_robin.jpg)
Surprising lack of penises.
Right so he installed them wrong and presumably test drove it? Might have damaged something driving it like that.
A fair point but is the one on the other side attatched to the doors? Cause for that kind of money you could easily do the powered ones and have the function available for the back seat on the drivers side too. Maybe its actually a structural thing for the doors.
Ok. Well if you want it fixed right and better than before it died, go with a Crate Long Block, lots of suppliers out there and it should be comparatively easy for your mechanic.
Where's the Astro Glide dispenser?
Isn't that the same two Red Porsches from the first image?
The objective word being "Everyday" performance car, the answer is non-existent. Everyday transportation will be autonomous and self driven, especially I.C.E. powered vehicles will be a luxury/hobby item only usable in select rural areas and private property like tracks.
&gt;but that would never happen in my car or any car I've tried it in.  What are the odds. First fix your hand brake. Second, they're the same thing and they're supposed to be able to lock up the wheels. Back before the days of cheap traction control and ABS the "Emergency Brake" was viable option in certain "Oh Shit" moments. Also parking on unlevel ground.  Now days you'll more commonly hear it referred to as a park brake because its become the least efficient option in an "Oh Shit" moment.
Adjusts the brightness of your instrument lights.
Put that on a resume.
Did you try either of the cars I actually recommended. Also repairs which are more expensive are never happen are still cheaper than cheap repairs that happen all the time.
Bizarre. Should plop this down in /r/weirdwheels
... why?
Looks like a Yiff wagon. Wear gloves, goggles and a breather if you so much as go near it.
Texas portapotty. Just insert the conveniently located spout into your anus and shit to your hearts content.
Faraday cage to block incoming transmissions?
Is the Cougar really a ford over there?
Looks like an imitation [Smith &amp; Wesson.](http://www.shoppingwarehouse.net/prod-36039.html?src=gaw_mc&amp;src1=sw&amp;src2=gbase&amp;gclid=CMP3u4DZhMYCFdcUgQodzQIARQ)
Its not a vert top, looks like its the original Vynil covered top.
It looks like a rip strip. Like how some containers have a strip of material sewn into the closing, so you can grab and pull it and it pops the stitches and opens the container. I can't imagine what would need something that heavy duty to close though.
So when it fails what are his options? Do you guys have a green sticker ohv program or anything?
They're out there enjoying their shit, probably not even aware of the trash talker crowd. Most of the time it seems like the only ones who end up feeling bad are the guys who sit in the hater circlejerk telling each other how stupid the other guy is.
[356 Coupe](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/31/3c/08/313c08db00b6dc2a8de711da18a389d9.jpg)
There aren't necessarily any visual cues you could really rely on as being accurate and consistent. At least none that you yourself haven't already hit on. Honestly it comes down to a certain amount of knowledge and familiarity. Spend some time reading up. When you notice a car you think is interesting make a note of what it is and do some research.
A lot of electrical stuff, C.O.P.s are notorious on the modular V8, power steering lines tend to be blow the fuck up in the first year for some reason, little things like that.
