This sounds like it would be hell on sub. So hard to track 2 convos at once when you have to look down at the text. The subtlety would be completely lost on anyone who can't understand japanese.
IDK if you're being sarcastic or not, since I've heard people argue both sides.
Looking forward to reaching that part then. I'm excited haha
If I remember correctly that was actually Ymir talking, not Hange. Idk how far you've read so I won't spoil, but she's trying to make him give up that thought by antagonizing him.
DOA
No, the Dad-eating incident occurs after Wall Maria falls, unless every single character has lied so far. What I'm wondering is how Grisha managed to snatch Eren and bring him to wherever the Reiss estate was within Sina, and how Eren got back to the refugees inside Rose without Mikasa or Armin noticing.
I thought I remembered seeing that the dad-eating occurred with the partially destroyed church in the background. I'll have to check again.
Her Titan was stated to be "invincible", and that she only lost because she didn't know how to fight. Grisha's is not similar to Eren's at all other than the ears, completely different body shape.
Given that the walls apparently extend a decent distance down into the ground, it is possible that these titans are as big or bigger than the Colossal.
If they are only above ground then yes, but it's been stated that the walls also continue below the surface, which would indicate larger wall titans.
Yeah and they took out "See you later Eren" which seems like it'll be important, or at least interesting.
Deontologists judge the morality of actions based on a code or set of rules. Batman has his rule. He won't break it in the name of probable future events
To understand his motives you have to put himself in his shoes. His rule is not to kill. If his involvement ends with him turning in a criminal to law enforcement, he did not break his rule. That being said, Batman would probably go after a system that would execute over minor crimes. I doubt guilt would factor in though
I thought it was implied that I was comparing Islam and Christianity. I don't get where you came to think I was making a blanket statements of every belief system.   The history books say that while Europe was still a mess, certain Muslim countries preserved ancient texts and made many advances in science and medicine.
Probably because his condition was continuously worsening as usually happens when large body damage happens to your body and is left untreated. By the time Rey overpowers him, she was both strengthened by the Force and he was probably half drained of blood (semi-joke).  As for Finn, he was toying with him for a while. When he wanted to get serious he beat Finn quickly.   Seriously this fight says a lot more about Kylo than either Rey or Finn, people just love this easy and well supported complaint for some reason.
I'm not familiar with what you're talking about. Can you explain what your beliefs are?
I cannot believe how many Mass Effect references I've seen recently lol. I want to go to club Dark Star  On a more serious note, don't Higgs fields determine mass in real life? Couldn't we achieve a mass effect if a way to manipulate that field exists?
The only parts of the game that could possibly work well would be the conversations. Even then it wouldn't add much.
I think he's referring to the ultra clunky inventory system
It should have been a machine aboard the Normandy that did it
That's true, I hadn't thought of that.
From what I can gather, the original ending was just so bad that even with the release of the extended cut, many people can't get the sour taste of the original out of their mouths. Assuming you, like me, didn't play it at launch, it would explain why we don't hate it.
What would be the scientific worth of an observation station on a distant Solar System body like Titan be? Would having a second point of view to observe the universe with be useful or do we not need such an installation?
The Star Wars Galaxy is far far away. Even though it's quite a distance, the Andromeda Galaxy is quite close to ours in the grand scheme of things
You refer to the Sun as Sol? Why do you use the Latin name?
I know pre-EC looked horrible and I'm glad I didn't have to suffer through that debacle. The issue is still present to an extent post EC as well. #3 is because I've read alternatives like "Shepard refuses to use the Crucible, but your EMS is high enough for the war to be won conventionally", which is impossible, more so than green Space Magic
Go paragon/blue/Liara
Oh ok, is that dialogue from the game?
That clears it up then. Thanks!
Best explanation so far. I'd forgotten that the SR1 couldn't come out of FTL in stealth mode.
I don't think it said that it was too big for atmospheric flights, just that certain high gravity planets would prevent it from taking off. Earth isn't high gravity. It might also have gotten an Alliance upgrade given that it was going to be Anderson's ship.  Edit: (from the wiki) "...unlike the SR-1, the SR-2 cannot land on **every** planet—due to her increased mass—"  Edit 2 : Also remember than even in ME2, the Normandy would dock on the surface of Illium just fine.
Unless an egg is snuck onto the Ark, there is simply no way.
What about Mars and Leaving Earth? Or even the credits from ME1? Too many great ones
I use it to refer to mankind, not America.
No, as long as you don't get her last, romancing is possible. So in your case before Virmire
Unless the Yahg start flying during the century or so of harvest, they woudn't, otherwise they wouldn't have skipped Parnack, saving them for last has no real benefit. Also, remember that situation like this must have happened pretty often between cycles. The Protheans were much more advanced than the Council races during their harvest, probably because they were more developed when the harvest before theirs happened
There's no canon, but there is a default, like Shepard being a Soldier and stuff like that. Liara seems to be the default romantic partner as well.
The Turians obviously (since females are apparently not welcome in interstellar space judging for the number of them we see)
The word you're looking for is "hoard".  "Horde" would describe Darkspawn or other large groups of barbarians.
I was also commenting in that original post. He was out of line then too. Calling fans of the games that the sub he was posting in is based on "fanboys" for disagreeing with his opinion.
It's not about you or me. We aren't the ones launching rockets.
This sub for the most part cares about public officials or people trying to become public officials using religious rhetoric and pushing for unconstitutional policy.
Atheism is not a unified movement. There are many different opinions that will get upvoted by the different types of atheist out there. You'll also find a reasonable amount of comments defending religious people who believe in secular government and stuff like that.
Yeah you wiped the floor with the other European teams, especially in 74.
Dude, a link to the circle jerk thread in question gets posted in reply anytime a comment or post gets shared on that sub. It's not some secret thing were people mock others behind their backs. It's very open and obvious, the OP even gets a notification that it's happening., and you are free to pop over into that thread anytime and try to unjerk it.  So no, it is not in any way a "safe space". You either don't know what the term means or you're intentionally misusing it like most people bitching about PC or safe spaces do.
Ok Cersei
How is this relevant?
Take a cue*. They aren't waiting in line
No he didn't
Wun Wun
