I've started re-reading it, been a while so I decided to give it another go.  Lots of things I notice and appreciate more now that I did when I was younger.  Phenomenal series.
Yeah, but...I see what you did there.
We know how easily it is to replicate something so replicating non-functioning pieces of a ship and throwing them together for an exhibit probably wouldn't be too difficult.  (Even been to a presidential museum in the US?  They all have replicas of the Oval Office, Air Force One, etc).  Alternatively, they could be other ships of the same class that didn't have the distinction Enterprise did.  They just slapped the Enterprise name on them for the exhibit.
Not a bar, exactly.  But I think this place shows Chicago sports team games.    http://www.tastechicago.biz/  It's owned by Chicago native and actor Joe Mantegna.
Y'know, pretty sure OP was joking.  Much like me.    Fuck's sake, dude.
"Sir, do you know what a Cleveland Steamer is?"
I myself never had any unfortunate nicknames but I nicknamed a guy Meatplow.    I don't know why.
If i had to guess, sounds like it might be this:  http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0115208/  Mobile link, sorry. Hotline, 1994, starring shannon tweed
It was Holland's At Law.
Inauguration?  He won a political race, too?   Busy sumbitch, that Franco.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance
Someone's stolen a couple shirts.
Obama's coming to town two weeks from today, could be practice runs for Marine One.
&gt; right next to Forest Lawn   I understand your neighbors are very quiet.
Not a movie but I hope it counts:  Anybody seen the pilot episode of Black Mirror "National Anthem"?    If you have, then you know.  If not...well.
I can honestly watch any other episode of the series over again even though I need a mental break after, like an episode of Friends or something so benign that you chuckle at a lame one-liner, some mental bleach I guess.  But I cannot watch National Anthem again.
I'd accept that but the last scene of the series was Bob's reflection in Coop's mirror.  If your theory was right we'd have seen Leland.    Maybe they could re-edit the scene and put Leland's face in the mirror.
It's entirely possible we already have.
Transformer.
[Longplayer.](http://www.answers.com/Q/What_is_the_longest_song_ever_recorded)
On The Road, Kerouac
These are straight up fucking amazing.
Got to start somewhere.  New York was swampland once.    But now all of Afghanistan pretty much looks like this again.
Hannibal Lector
The Way I Mate by the Rednex
Rage Against The Machine on a Lexus
And then they caused a pileup on the 405
Yep, this 'un.
Relevant username.
Ah, that makes more sense.  Carry on.
uuuhhh....well, I don't really know what the other responses here are, especially that one...whatever it is.  I don't read the ongoing but what I understand is this:  Superman has a new power, a solar burst of radiation, big blast of raw power.  When he uses it, he becomes powerless for about 24 hours or so.  Lois figured out Clark is Superman and outed him to the media.  Fit proceeds to hit the shan.  That's all I got.
Diphthong.
Well, she never had another birthday party.  Never even had another birthday.  Moved to Vegas, turned tricks for a bit then od'd.
Not yet.
There were no swordfights, just one after the other and she drank some vodka between each dick.
About an hour.  There was some concern she wouldn't finish after dick #9, she passed out midway through that one, just out cold, cock in mouth.  They jostled her awake after a minute or two and she powered through, trooper that she was.
Like I told someone else, she sipped some vodka between each dick.  Sort of cleaned it out.
They were seated in a circle but yeah, one right after the next.    edit:  I just got it.
Most were all the way.  Everybody finished but some had a helping hand of their own.  She took care of it, though.
Maybe "El" means "hope" in Kryptonian.
In a row?
[You'd think that, but...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crazy_Quilt)
No.
Just in general, book of life kind of deal.
It's possible that a "year" in Federation time isn't a "year" to us.  Ours is 364 days but as someone else pointed out a Vulcan year is probably closer to 230 days.  (Memory Alpha gives Vulcan as having a year 456 earth days long, however.)  I have no idea what an Andorian year or a Tellar year would be.  Supposing the theory is correct about a year being similar for all planets with advanced life inhabiting the "Goldilocks" zone is correct, then we assume Andorians and Tellarites had a year that spanned 200 to 400 days.  So, just like they created a new method of datekeeping with Stardates it's entirely possible they created an entirely new calendar that somehow averaged the year of all four founding worlds of the Federation to create a new "star-year."  (This is my wording, TNG 3.2 "The Ensigns of Command" refers to a "Standard UFP Solar year" which might be what they're using.)
I got one: "you're"
Every version of Windows.
Stoya
So when you have sex I assume you enjoy getting bj's and having vaginal intercourse?  Porn is fantasy.  It's entertainment.  Think of it this way--you drive to work everyday.  When you watch a movie, do you want to see a guy drive to work, sit at red lights and wait in traffic?  No, you want to see car chases, cars flipping and drifting and jumping.  Movies (porn included) are fantasy entertainment.  You watch them for the exciting stuff.    Simple as that.  Go forth and fap In peace.  You're cool.
So did Folty but look what happened.
