It's nearly impossible to actually "eye test" teams cross-region in LoL. Doing that in League would be like if Asian soccer (football) teams decided to play 2 keepers and 6 strikers while European played 9 defenders and 0 keepers and America played 11 midfield.  The styles, metas and overall level of comfort is hilariously inconsistent worldwide. I believe it was EU that took literally 2 months to start playing Sivir while NA and China and Korea were both well into the Sivir craze.  EU is currently in an all out aggression early game and fuck teamfights meta (which got Fnatic so far at MSI) while NA is in a late game team centric meta. This is like back in S3 (I believe) except reversed. EU was the "20 minutes of nothing happening, then a team stomps a teamfight after 10 minutes wandering around baron aimlessly" region while we saw the rise of C9 with coordinated team calling and pushing early game leads to the point of the other team being entirely helpless in NA.  No meta is better than the others. Late game teamfight comp falls behind massively? Well good luck with your Athene's, Rod Orianna and haunting guise armguard Rumble trying to wombo. Flipside, early game comp doesn't get the lead they need to coast to a win? Prepare for some horrendously one sided teamfights because, shockingly, Irelia/Zed/Corki can't efficiently kill Cassio/Sej/Gnar/Sivir.
Ignoring the fact that the home advantage is flawed in that it's not adjusted for relative opponent strength, the data is biased by that loss streak at home.  It's a part of the "data" in the same way as if 5 darts out of 100 flat out missed a dartboard is part of the data.
Why is Origen convincingly winning fights then losing objectives? That mid lane fight where they 3 for 1ed ended with SK dragon. Catching Sven and Fredy then immediately losing mid tower despite having taken 0 damage.
Fight was going fine... then like 3 people flashed over the wall to chase Sven lol.
Which team is worse, though? The one with the ADC who forgets that the meta shifts or the one with the top/jungle duo that just died TWENTY TIMES in one game.
She's great if she can put out early pressure. She's also great if your tank doesn't go 0/11.
Sorry, but no... if you just shove up to a tower against Kalista/Azir, they are going to poke you forever. That was also not a team to dive, with the Maokai, Kalista, Azir, Naut.
I mean, they'll wind up in the qualification tournament even if they don't win the split. Then, it's on them to just win.
Giants with the "What the fuck are we even doing" teamcomp.
Best part is that THEY are the ones that wanted to keep the top laner down and they didn't have to sacrifice drag pressure for it.
Did I just witness a completely wiffed Rumble ult and a Sej ult on a black shielded support?
"Hey this is a really good fight for Ro... WHY IS WOOLITE ON TOP OF NOCTURNE, GRAGAS AND ANNIE"
Rumble wasn't in the area. It doesn't continuously knock back.
Why are they not fighting that? Fenix literally hit 4 with a stun and Jarvan and Alistar were both sub 500 health.
There will never be a worse Olafing than the original Eve gutting (and the slightly less impactful new Eve nerfs). Her original Olafing was more a DFG issue, though iirc.
Kass, Zed, Ahri and TF are all not being played frequently (ie the only people playing them only play like 2 of the meta mids) because they either take way too long to be useful (Kassadin, somewhat TF), don't have the damage to kill people (Ahri, TF, somewhat Kass) or are able to be hardcountered out of the game by 25 minutes (Zed).  Kass just doesn't have the damage he needs to deal with LB, Azir or Cass and he can't slow an AP Kog's farming. Ahri is just in a bad place in this meta. She has control mage damage with an assassin's kit. Cooldowns are way too long and mana costs way too high for her to get repetitive damage off. TF needs to snowball and, since the rest of the map would rather farm for 15 mins, he can't do that too well. And as for Zed, QSS. Zhonyas. GG.  Urgot doesn't see much mid play anymore for some reason. I guess he doesn't get to bully Cassiopeia and Azir as much as mid laners would like.  AP Kog and Varus are niche picks and Viktor still leaves me unimpressed for the most part. That's a good example of *why* Cass, Azir and LB are so strong. Viktor performs fine, but why pick Viktor when you can have Cassiopeia with an easier stun, more consistent damage, stronger scaling and inbuilt sustain only at the cost of a little range on the poke or an Azir, with longer range poke than Viktor, an escape, a great disengage tool ult and some of the safest farming AND poking in the game.
"Do I take the tank that can knock everyone away, the tank that can stun everyone, the tank that secures Baron/Dragon easily or the tank that can see everyone around her?"  Your choice isn't too diverse. There are 3 super common junglers plus one that's starting to come back (unsuccessfully in many cases) and two that are comfort picks for various junglers. There are about 4 top laners: Ryze, Rumble, Maokai, Gnar. There are 3 common mids and a couple niche picks (Cass, Azir, LB then Kog, Varus, Urgot for a few). ADC is Kalista or Sivir unless one is banned, then default to a comfort pick. Support is the most diverse.
No, now it's the 100%-20 with the E-W combo while being unkillable.
Likely would have clipped the Nexus, making it invuln.
If you aren't snowballing out of control, look to bruiser AP items. Annie can act as a pseudo tank fairly well with items like Rylai's, RoA, Abyssal and Zhonyas.  Look to start with a Needlessly Large Rod, unless behind. If behind, rush RoA. If you can't pick up a few kills with the NLR, go Zhonya's. If you can, Luden's or Dcap is fine. If your team isn't snowballing after your one item, go for Rylai's or Abyssal. Basically, if you feel like your team has a lead and just needs to blow up fights quickly, go pure damage, triple Rod items. If you feel like your team isn't ahead and needs to win the long, drawn out fights, go bruisery.
Though, to be fair, he'd have to be eating brains for *months* and that was his big concern. He said "What's my greater good?" referring to the fact that Liv can tell herself she eats brains to catch murderers while he would eat brains and not have anything to make him feel better about it. And he would have to live the rest of his life, human or otherwise, knowing that he ate people.
Jwaow pls.
Least Teemo support can stop an ADC from AAing for a second or two.  His Bard is simply part of the enemy wombo combo somehow.  I'm seriously waiting for a 5 man on own team Bard ult against Malph/Ori/Yasuo or some shit like that.
Leblanc says "Hi" Zed says "Hi"  That is an assassins *job*. Your job is to pick off a priority target then get out and then take an objective. Yes, Ekko can blow up a carry. He can't blow up multiple carries unless they are idiotic and stand on him when he Zhonyas. He just doesn't have the pure damage in his basic kit to do so with an ability to get out. Where is IS too strong is the fact that he can zone like a control mage while being able to do assassin burst. His damage is fine for an assassin.
A lot of soloqueue junglers have been playing Cinderhulk Ekko.
Hecarim is a great pick. I'm kinda unsure of the LB for Fenix, but he's in a winning matchup. If *anyone* can play Ekko jungle, it'd be Dom. Corki... yeah idk.
Up until a few months ago, he streamed in his language. Pretty sure this is normal.
Why do you keep letting Quas get Hecarim?
I mean, we got the offscreen Quas triple kill while Piglet ran away from XWX.
Ahh the ***********s. The universal language of salt.
A good Volibear counter is also a functioning right mouse button. He is one of the most notoriously kitable champions in the game. His "gapcloser" times out fairly quickly, his only slow is melee range and his catch is also melee range.  That's not to say he can't get onto a target and flip them, but usually it involves people already out of position and without flash.
So does Enochian refresh on Bliz 4 or Fire 4 cast?  If it does, BLM rotation is just replacing Fire 4 for Fire, isn't it?  And Sharpcast's best use will be for Thunder, won't it?
In your specific example, Salty Dog isn't played because its health is very low for its mana. The general rule is that you want more health than attack (but a decent amount of attack is necessary, which is why things like Mogu'shan Warden are bad), allowing the card to, most likely, trade with 2 cards. For example, say your opponent has a Kirin'tor Mage and some 3/2 out. Your yeti can kill either without dying, while your Tallstrider (5/4 for 4) dies to the 4/3.  Specifically talking about BGH... it's so bad to get a card of yours killed by BGH. BGH has an effect that is only given by a FIVE MANA class card or a one mana + 2 cards class card. It also develops a 4/2, which is a low quality minion that can trade up with some 4 drops. The card can represent a swing in tempo (basically, the effectiveness of your mana use) of whatever the cost of your card is plus its own 3 mana body. Having BGH hit Salty Dog is one of those "Well that's not too bad" outcomes, because it's *only* an 8 mana swing. When you get to higher cost cards (like, god forbid, Deathwing), your opponent can literally negate your entire turn while only playing down 3 mana on their own.
And the best part is that the priest was probably thinking "Well, fuck... I'm stuck with this in my starting hand for 10 turns"
How can you *hate* Mundo?  *thunk*  *thunk*  *thunk*  *groan*  *thunk*
Even if that were the case (don't think it is because Lux laser is an instant pulse while Ashe ult is a slow moving projectile), would Ashe flash to try to throw out the trick shot ult while being far too far away to follow up herself? Without it even guaranteeing a hit?
It's not possible to appease both parties, unless you do EU before noon EST on Sat/Sun and NA afternoon EST.  If you do a Thurs/Fri and Sat/Sun thing, you're always going to either catch EU people too late or NA people too early on Thurs/Fri.  They *could* try something like Thurs/Sat and Fri/Sun for EU/NA. That would allow NA people to at least catch *one* day of the EU LCS, but that hurts the people who are going to the LCS matches (ie the paying customers) in the end and doesn't really solve the whole problem.
They played fairly well actually... then were like "We're winning so let's fuck around and fountain dive and shit"
Well, he's playing a Dark K"night" and the night is dark.
C9 just doesn't have damage. Bruiser Fizz isn't a teamfighter. Tank Ekko does no damage. Sivir is lower end damage for ADCs. Basically, their damage is 50% Azir, 35% Sivir, 10% Fizz and 5% Ekko... and Ashe+Kog'maw probably do more damage than the entire team combined.
Uh... I'm not even sure how that happened, but alright.
Story is the big thing here. WoW has next to zero story to guide you... you just run zone to zone and collect things for people. In this game, your story will have you kill a literal embodiment of a god *within the first 15 hours of playtime*.  There's no "hybrid" classes (except Arcanist, but even they can't effectively heal as a DPS or DPS as a heal). Healers are expected to DPS (and given tools to effectively do so) during lower periods of damage in order to kill things faster (which, in some cases, is necessary to kill things at all).  All 3 tank classes feel unique enough, but can do everything effectively. Paladin's strength is survival while their weakness is damage. Warrior's strength is aggro while their weakness is survival. Dark Knight's strength is damage while their weakness is survival as well. Warriors are probably the most well-rounded of the tanks, while Paladins are the most simple and forgiving.  Overall, "raiding" is much easier to pick up and leave than WoW. You don't have to wait an hour between bosses killing meaningless henchmen.  I know very little about PvP in this game.  I would suggest that you find a FC. It can be a little tough to find at first, but look for one with many ACTIVE players. I'm not sure what world you're on, but I happened to luck into an invite to a very active FC on Brynhildr within a day.
Rek'sai is not the strongest soloqueue jungler, but in Competitive, she is literally the strongest because of the control she brings.  Her passive is basically Quinn's vision area ability *permanently*, albeit without the ability to see exactly who is there. Unless her CC and damage is gutted to uselessness (to the effect of "can't knock up champions" and "all base damage and ratios cut in half"), she will always have a place. You *cannot* sneak up on a Rek'sai or her nearby teammates while she's moving.  In soloqueue, where things are more disjointed, it can be difficult for her teammates to pay attention and usually they won't play around what knowledge they get properly anyway. Her damage is average and her CC is fairly difficult to land without flash.
Okay, how about Cassio, then?
Where did Altec go?  Also, NA Teleport.
Piglet just keeps getting Daggers. Who needs lifesteal?
I'm pretty sure they've hired/fired at least 2 of those in the last 4 seasons.
It's slow, Rylai's is core and it delays tankiness, which Singed needs.  RoA is a cheaper item that provides similar benefits to Archangel's/Seraph's and building 3 pseudo-offensive items (RoA/Seraph's/Rylai's) is not doable.
Trist isn't a reasonable comparison point. She has a far too safe early game for the mid-late strength she brings.  When she sees consistent play (which she doesn't right now), I consider banning her because she is oppressive to play against unless you literally babysit her lane OR pick Quinn. Who legitimately needs to get a major hit of the nerfbat.  Anyway, why is Tristana so broken? Massively long gapclose/escape. Medium attack range, scaling to highest base in game. AS Steroid. Free pushing the wave with E. Silly burst with E. Silly tower damage with E. Snowball reset on her massive range jump that is also triggered by detonating max stacks of E. GTFO me button that has a ridiculous base damage for a point and click ult. Unless you pick someone who can literally get her 2 levels down and 50+ CS down, you lose.
The stun still does move in bizarre ways after first hit and it tends to have a really large hitbox. Sometimes it looks like Amumu Q when it does that weird latch thing.
