Flaked corn. Outside of cream ales most brewers get high-horsey and hate on corn, but it can dry some ales out wonderfully. Recently had an IPA that was standard 2-row, light amount of a high crystal, 15% flaked corn and it was absolutely fantastic.
These guys brought a damn blizzard with them. I'm sure they don't care for fire, but it's going to take more than some lamps to faze 'em.
Well, we haven't seen Thoros poop out any shadow babies, nor have we seen Mel revive someone. Hard to know.
It gradually gets a bit more main-plot focused... without ever straying from the bad-guy-of-the-week. I still love the show, but it did get frustrating at times when you just want to find out more about The Smoking Man! But it never does.
tree fiddy?
All of my LHBSs have a generic PET carboy that works well. Morebeer and the other big name brand shops do as well. Exactly the same quality as the old BBs I had.
Yeah and in the first one you think is a 'neat adventure' you forgot the warehouse down the road had some pretty nasty super-concentraded chemicals mixing in with all of the homeowners bleach and toilet cleaners etc.
Damn. impressive.
It looks cool..
Finally a house I might be able to afford. Maybe.
Person who jumped ontop is lucky they didnt get crushed and seriously hurt.
tl;dr
The sentence you quoted was in regards to "trick"stabs, not phlog.
The one watching thinks he tied one knot, the one tying it thinks he did the other. He mentions arguing with himself over it, and cant decide which he tied.  edit: know/knot &gt;&lt;
The only thing generally detrimental about city water is the use of chloramines. If yours has it you need to get some Campden tablets.   Besides that it's all just recipe-specific. You need to keep your pH within a range, and then there's certain flavor profiles (high sulfate for IPAs, for instance) that help make your beers really pop. So just going from your base water you'll probably find that either your light or dark beers always seem just OK, while the others turn out great. Grab your cities water profile and download brunwater. It's going to be extremely overwhelming at first but there are some good guides and a lot of help over on HBT science section.
Oooh, tasty.
What's the use for this? Is it for minis?
Why ever turn reload off?
Greatest building in the world!
Wow, that's really shitty. What now? Are there placed to get shitfaced at 7:50am?
It doesnt look so high anymore. It's a free chair though.
You mean Django or whatever the hell they're called.
Put the fruit in a BIAB/hopsock type bag and pull it out when youre done with it.
You need to perfect the barrel roll.
Just neat and historic. But yeah, storing slurry in a mason jar is going to be the better route.
Give us a recent recipe. And any idea what your water profile is like? Do you find other light beers to be lacking in things as well? Do your dark beers come out great?
Good mroing friend
There was a trailer for it when I went to see, I think, Star Wars. It was really bad. Rehuheheeeely bad.
Glorious, yes.
Looks like fermenting beer. That's just yeast cloudiness, and also the activity keeps everything churning.
Gold!
Damn I was just about to post this one too. Great article.
Is there any reason to believe he dies from something more sinister, like mutiny, than just the explosion/fire stuff at Summerhall?
&gt; Something unique to Portland?  A romantic proposal waiting in line at Voodoo next to the homeless camps.
Must see scenic areas? Without a doubt go to the Columbia River Gorge, or could go to Mt Hood area if you'd rather have mtn views. These are touristy places, but just an idea for you to see how beautiful it is, google image these: Vista house, multnomah falls, angels rest hike.   Unfortunately in August everything accessible will be busy. Will have to do a decent hike or maybe just pull over somewhere to picnic.   Portland proper has the Forest Park, Washington Park, Rose test garden etc which will also be traversed but plenty of nooks for you to picnic and propose in.  Edit: also a lot of people here love the coast. It's pretty, but it's cold and windy so I don't get the big deal. A couple hour drive and you could certainly find somewhere pretty to pull off and propose somewhere along hwy101.
Running out of CO2 is perfectly fine. The keg is sealed so no oxygen is getting in. If you pulled pints until it wouldnt flow your beer might be pretty undercarbed by the time you get more CO2, nothing a day of charging wont fix.
Oh. It'll still be fine. Keep the lid on and if youre worried about oxygen then drink it fast once you have CO2.
Yeah, OP could make a sour involving lacto.  More efficient to just eat some yogurt, kraut etc.
So's that Jesus or what?  Edit: was going for sarcasm. That's what he's gonna get showing his tat to people lol.
Confirmed TF2 is played by kindergarteners.
Stop trying so hard. It doesn't fit and you should feel bad.  Great joke, OP!
Fridge with a heat source (heat tape, brewbelt thing, lightbulb in can, ceramic heater, whatever.) in the garage. Done.
Yeah, just a simple ratcheting pulley. If you have yet to buy a bag check out Wilser's BIAB bags on HBT. He has great bags and sells pulleys too for a fair price.
Did I miss some patch notes? I used to love the Vacc but after the nerf awhile back I just haven't seen much use for it.
Ratcheting Pulley is sub $10 at any hardware store. If you're not a garage brewer though it can be hard to find a place to hang the pulley though. If an outside brewer a ladder works fine.  With the pulley setup I don't make a mess at all anymore. Cleaner than swapping hoses etc around.
If your dishwaser has a sanitize cycle, yes. Rinse the bottles out in the sink too just to make sure they're trub-free.
nerf solly
Define "city feel".
How many of them were snipers and bitching they couldnt fight out of spawn? OP Pyro of course!
For mobility yeah you can. It's rough though when you rocket jump and then come upon an enemy and have one or two rockets left &gt;&lt;.
