Certainly seems to have caved--but no one, but no one can trace ISIL, AlQuada in Iraq (didn't exist until post 9/11) and other Sunni reaction groups to Paul Bremer's Order #2, a hamfisted declaration that pushed the Sunni's out of power in Iraq without adequate consideration of the relationship between Sunni &amp; Shia and their history.  Solely a Republican creation, everything Obama has done is cleaning up the "shitstorm" created by Order #2.
How can Obama change 1300 years of hate between Sunni &amp; Shia--just as the Shia were excluded during the Sunni/albeit Baathist period under Saddam &amp; also under his Hasshimite predecessors, they weren't going to change their spots either, so they excluded the Sunni's--hate beyond most people's understanding and not unique to the Islamic world (think Catholic/Protestant in Northern Ireland).  Order#2 dove right into that struggle and apparently hadn't thought a thing about the possibility of problems.  Urging doesn't change deeply seated conflicts such as that.  Shia once gaining control wanted and sought payback.
It's a sad twist on The Man of LaMancha--The "Man" of Louisiana has delusions of the impossible dream.  What this article fails to mention that insofar as voter appeal, Pyiush brings with him his ratings by the voters of Louisiana, who hold him in the lowest regard compared to all other states.
someone is several sandwiches short of the picnic at /r/rateme!
The creation of ISIS/ISIL has a start point, Order #2 by Paul Bremer which dissolved the Iraqi army on the excessively simplistic basis that all members of the Baath party were to be essentially disenfranchised no matter the reason for membership.  This hamfisted policy arose out of arrogant ignorance of the Sunni/Shia division in Islam, a division dating nearly 1300 years.  Seemingly W and his henchmen such as Wolfowitz "thought" the Iraqi's just wanted to be more like Texas!  Well they learned that Iraq isn't Texas, and that the destruction of the Sunni government would lead to a Shia government with significant corruption and a whole lot of unemployed Sunni military who had nothing to lose by joining forces and protecting their interests.  Bush didn't "help" he willingly and through avoidable ignorance lit the match--and now it will flame for decades.
Yes, stupidity as the underlying foundation.  As for profits, they thought they would gain effective control of the Iraqi oil industry and thus "control" the oil price independent of the Saudis.
Well, W's library is extensive, both books, including the one he didn't finish coloring!
ISIS takes place in an area strongly dealt with by WWI &amp; II, but the match that lit the tinder box was Order #2, it enabled the Shia to dominate the society, and to settle sectarian scores brewing for hundreds and hundreds of years.
Yup, couldn't stand them.  During Regan's term in office she only had them to the WH when it was absolutely necessary.  Don't know why she was so prescient of the Bush character, but she was against the nomination from the getgo.  They had tried to get Jerry Ford to sign on, but that didn't pay out.  So, at they turned to GHWB, and Nancy was not happy.
So there wasn't an "Indian" system here!  Surprising.
Yeah, but we went decimal/"metric" with our currency and junked shillings pence, pounds etc.
Why not?
The use of the arpent was all but abandoned in the mid-19th century--it was most frequently used for large tracts of ground.  Those tracts are now described in feet and inches, just as at some time in the future they will be described in meters &amp; hectares.  The US will use metric, it's a question of time.
Good environment!  But, don't they let balding guys with a serious receding hairline keep their hair?  Those guys are more likely to contaminate a patient with falling hairs!
Amazing, Faux News out in front with "hard ball" questions like this: *"Fox News poll asked voters which presidential contender they would most (and least) want to spend their summer vacation with."*
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2013/01/pro-gun-myths-fact-check
And, until now at least, neither "side" can come up with a workable proposition that results in less violence and death and injury to persons, particularly by-standers.  Maybe people talk "at" each other too much and not "to" each other enough.
Don't use one.
Best review of this speech is from Der Spiegel, and you don't need to understand a great deal of German to understand and see how this pompadoured combover is regarded abroad, *"Donald Trumps Präsidentschaftskandidatur: Ich, ich, ich!"*
Yes he did, with money his parents gave him for his 21st birthday!
As I said, the courts haven't adopted this logic to this point but past issues have always extended liability to recompense wrongs--that's just long standing judicial history, several centuries.  This is coming, it's only a matter of time.  I doubt any of the families paid one cent in court costs themselves, the costs may have been assessed--and that in and of itself is doubtful.  These costs are commonly absorbed by the lawyers pursuing this type of matter.  The clock is ticking, and it will happen.
He got the money for his 21st birthday and the news reports that first indicated his parents bought the gun have been corrected, they now are reporting he bought the gun with money he received for his birthday and while he had legal matters pending.
Yup!
He's in the low single digits compared with other candidates, in fact I don't think any other "candidate" has lower ratings!
But of course, what an obvious thing for me to overlook! ;-D  Thanks.
Why do you work for Schick or Gillette anyway?
Jindal advisors say, *"that a central part of the governor’s pitch will be that he is “fearless.”*   That's all fine and good, but his problem is that he's clueless.  He's run Louisiana into the ditch and his popularity in Louisiana is lower than that Red State's opinion of President Obama.  He just doesn't get it.  He was in charge of health care under the prior Republican administration and could have done anything during the last 8 years--but he has screwed up the hospital system--many are rumored to be close to closing, and overseen a time when the number of LA citizens without health insurance has climbed.   He's the Democrats dream candidate.  He's been a nightmare in LA, when on rare occasions he hasn't been out tooting his own horn.
Okay, State is broke, can't pay for education or health care without a budget of smoke and mirrors and these two, the "part-time" governor and the attorney general are going to spend money on fighting the SOCTUS?  How about they pay for this out of their pockets?
They really want to have people reading their 'imaginary news?"
So, if they were to swear (on a Bible of course--question which version?) the words, ". . .*will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States*" they would be saying they lack abilities or would they just be lying, possibly a high crime and misdemeanor for which they could be impeached.
You do mean trimming to length and not a shave I'm assuming!  Great growth.
Let's put this in perspective--the religious institution doesn't "marry" a couple, the couple perform rites that constitute a contract between themselves, the church or state official is merely a witness.  Second, as far as Christianity, marriage wasn't a "religious" rite until the second or third century, and there wasn't a declaration that it has "sacramental" character until around 1000, and there wasn't a formulary for the service until later than that.  Christ didn't "create" marriage at the wedding at Cana, he and his disciples attended the reception--aka wedding feast, see John's Gospel.  So if anything he blessed the idea of a party after a wedding--and if his example is to be followed wine--with alcohol--must be served despite what some Christian sects say regarding the use of alcohol.
Obviously--and so it might also be said that the bartender at the wedding reception has primacy of place over the clergy at the reception!
Well, a tradition is not what the opponents are arguing, they are claiming "divine" or "god made."  A tradition (from *traditio*) really has no authority--it just means, handed down.
Jojoba oil will help, and making sure you rinse completely after shampooing, soap left on the skin will irritate the skin.  Still, no reason to amputate.
Yes in almost every instance--it's not like the hair on the top of your head with male pattern baldness.
LOL!  Great, wonder if Wendy has seen this one?
Good growth!
And if "Christian" and devout, the clear and unambiguous word of Christ in the gospels of Matthew &amp; Mark is that marriage is insoluble, with no exception. Yet these so called 'christians" and clerks of court will willingly  accept and filed petitions for divorce!  They will prepare judgments, file the same in the records of the court, and all such documents are clearly part of setting asunder the bonds of matrimony.  This teaching has been the source of much history--so why do they find it so easy to participate in the divorce process?
The point is not what is "conducive to society" regarding the actions or failure to act on the part of the state and court employees--they maintain that they cannot issue marriage licenses because their religion--some form of Christianity--prohibits same sex activity.  The four Gospels have not one word about homosexuality, not one.  But the Gospels of Mark and Matthew are clear that Christ explicitly prohibits the dissolution of marriage and that "no one" should put those bonds asunder.  They clearly violate the dictates of Christ by participating in the filing and processing of divorce actions yet they do not assert any "Christian" objection.  That is hypocrisy, not religion, and they should not be permitted to practice that hypocrisy in the name of the State or on its behalf.
Talk about reminiscent laws--sort of like the laws against speaking about the probable defeat of Germany in the Nazi times--but these states seem to have in common a popular adherence to the wing-nut segment of the GOP.
Correct!  Their mantra seems to be, "We beat dead horses!"
There is an expression, French I believe, that says for every white hair plucked, ten come to the funeral!
Fantastic for 2.5 months.  Beards are patience and too many guys expect a mature beard in 3 weeks when at best that can be achieved by all but the most hirsute in three months.  Good growth, Grow on!
Don't forget to use an astringent, like Witch Hazel, after shaving.  And since there isn't any hair you are more likely to get crud from dirty hats, etc.  So wash the hats, and the pillow cases often.  Use a towel at the gym to keep your head away from God knows what someone else left on the bench, etc.  Wash with a mild anti-bacterial soap, like Cuticura, at least twice a day.  And for after shave balm, just make sure the one you use is non-greasy, without oil.
If Congress would do something, anything, to try to avert 30,000+ gun fatalities a year, then maybe the President wouldn't be in a position of trying to do something to bring this country back from the edge of a gun slinger society.
But, and this is a big "but" both countries have strict gun control laws, registration, licensing, qualification to own, etc.  Although a large majority of Americans favor stricter gun control, the gun industry, manufacture and sale, have spent millions to prevent any regulations similar to those in the UK &amp; Australia.  Hopefully, the President's courageous action will begin the process of introducing meaningful and effective gun control--like most Americans want.
Well now that it is clearly going to be an election issue--we'll have a real poll next November, over 70% of Democrats support stricter gun control according to ABC News/Washington Post's most recent poll--so, the issue should be front and center--my bet is that the Democrats will win on this issue.  But recent figures on numbers certainly suggest a connection between the number of guns and homicide, " *The United States, with less than 5 percent of the world's population, has about 35–50 percent of the world's civilian-owned guns, according to a 2007 report by the Switzerland-based Small Arms Survey. It ranks number one in firearms per capita. The United States also has the highest homicide-by-firearm rate among the world's most developed nations.*"  Those aren't good!
Looks good-bet you're enjoying this!
Great!
