Orton vs Rocky Johnson
Alright let's do this:  GK - Kane (Tall, good in shape, can jump) or Kofi (Agile as fuck)   Defenders - Neville, Bryan, Stardust, Kidd as wingers and in the center I'd have both Usos, Reigns, Titus or Bo Dallas   Midfielders - Ryder, Rose, Barrett, Orton as wingers and Woods, Ziggler, Young in the center  Attack - Rollins and Ambrose.  I'd have a 4-3-1-2 as my formation and the A squad being:  ---------------Kane---------------      Neville - Titus - Uso I - Stardust      Barrett-------Woods--------Rose      ----------------Orton--------------      ----------Rollins---Ambrose------   *edit: formatting
HBK
draw? draw!
But they went swimming on 2 of those 3 days!
http://imgur.com/Cs4Zyfp  those places!
DON'T YOU DARE BE SOUR AND CLAP FOR YOUR TWO TIME WORLD CRICKET CHAMPS AND FEEEEEL THE POWAAAAAAAA
Sheamus!
We will get to hear the flight of the walkyres at the royal rumble!
Rush optics and build the great lighthouse and enjoy your seafood!
HARDCORE PARCOUR
Holy shit that's awesome
What kind of projector did you use for it?
#awaytrackbullies.
Well that's it then!
6
What are your specs, do get any error messages, are you running mods?
Scouts are practical for a couple of things. First they find ruins more easily and are cheaper than warriors to build. Then they can steel workers from citystates and protect them while they're on the way to your empire from barbs. Same goes for accompanying your settlers in the early game.
Hello Siri where finding parontha?
Yes exactly this way. Say Y2J comes out tomrrow and rants on over Ambrose and gets under his skin and gets him to give him a titleshot at Fastlane. Rematch WM32 and Jericho's off tv again.
FloRida
He only played U14 teams.
And he's been eliminated. Who would have thought that Maggle
Wer will denn das hören :D
and his SR logo. And no more blond in the hair.
Daniel Bryan's retirement speech on RAW.
stole money from a shrine.
Regular Lager from Austria.
git gud advice m8.
Noice of people chewing bit off an applie.
Thanks, was looking for this kind of comment to decide if I should buy it.
Trump...a WWE Hall of Famer is going to be president.
Ibis even has offers for about EUR 25-30 per night and that's a 4* hotel.
CM Punk.
Don't forget "Seinen inneren Schweinehund besiegen" which translates to "Beat your inner pigdog" which actually means that you motivate yourself to do sth.
Didn't you see the F in his name earlier?
"Where do yo think we are?"
And more culture as well!
To the little people court with him!
Study. Write exams. Repeat.
Tap water with a bit of lemon juice.
What about Hans?
and two euro matches as well!
Now a 6. Cmon boy!
uwotmate?
Summertime!
Chalhanoglu (Ch as in Chai).
Bloody hell!
MOODDRIIIIIIIIIIIC Holy hell what a shocker.
Croatian map.
