It is threads like this that give the CTE a bad name in the battlefield community. A few loudmouths crying about stuff that does not need to be fixed.
What's with you and all those terrible ideas and at the same time acting like a know it all on this reddit? It's no wonder people have a bad imagine of the cte in mind when you can read stuff like this that needs absolutely no changing.  I agree about the transport vehicles though. Just add a few more dirtbikes, quads, hovercraft etc.
But the AH already has smart rockets :P
For some people everyone who steps in a jet apparently instantly becomes a pro :D
Do some people (the few plus their thousand alt accounts) have vietnam flashbacks when they hear the sound of aircraft or where does this irrational butthurt come from? Some people seriously need help.
For someone who could never test golmud on night, how is the jet combat on this map? I have a hars time to imagine how dogfights are supposed to work.
40-60 depending on which server I join.
On the servers I play on there are always people from all corners of the world.  US players especially, lots of them. People from KSA and so on. I notice no difference and they get killed just as fine as any others. Infact, after the last patch hit registration and snappiness has never felt better.
15 minute video of someone talking who likes his own voice a bit too much warrants a new thread? Ok.  It doesn't take 15 minutes to say that ARMs are broken due to the short notice that often ignores CMs due to latency (just the same like aps in tanks); hits across the entire map and is spammable with simply aiming in the general direction of the enemy.  What would a maa or hell any armour driver would say if jets or helis had a new missile that hits them across the map, has a very hit or miss counter to it and flips the tank so you are forced to abandon the vehicle? I am sure you would appreciate it do you.   Remove the mobility hit from the ARM and make its range a few 100m shorter and you wont have as many threads about the mAA.
Tank Superiority.
The other players are blind as well during the whiteout. It makes it so that people can use it to push forward, same like the smoke grenades work.
Ofcourse I did. Have you read what I wrote?
Thank you for that wonderful contribution!
I dont even know how to respond to a comment as sillly as this id.
Thank you! So can we see this statement as official?
Wat  I simply had to play the singleplayer in the same game, just without other players.
It's not hard at all to kill armor - maybe you should try playing in an actual team instead of expecting you can kill everything on your own?  And only a small minority of the battlefield playerbase even knows about this camo let alone watches youtube videos about it. Nowhere in the game is it actually explained how to get this thing.
Reddit and Battlelog sure is 'everywhere', you got me there dude.  How's it going, have you got 1 jet kill yet or are you still whining over the UCAV?
Too late for BF4, but yeah. Transport vehicles in general need a bit more love. Customisation is one thing, rewarding the driver and pilot for bringing in more folks to the objective is another. Especially on Dragon Valley and Flood Zone I've spent matches constantly in the transport chopper to bring in new bodies faster at contested flags and to line up the chopper for the minigunners. Not many points you get there considering how dangerous and important it is for the team.
It's 150m from A to B, with cover from buildings and even a house you can go through.
3 people working together can already shred the AH in seconds. Don't fly into it in a straigth line, align the ~ symbol as a pilot directly on the AH. It means its the sweet spot for both minigunners to to be able to hit.
Just use the votekick feauture..
Yes and for some reason especially air vehicles attract these children specially. I have seen some douches in the tank but not as many as in the AH.  Reminds me of the battlefield friends video, 'out the choppi.' everyone laughs about this guy :)
tbh you could hear the guy moving infront of the door;/
clicked on the link, expected discussion, saw low effort shitpost
I dont even know wat it means. There is aspongebob cartoon in there
Someone please explain the joke to me, I don't get it :/ It's a soda bottle with a face on it?
since the game relies on hit scan rather than bullet drop and travel time/damage fall of, you will always have a subpar experience chosing Glaz.
busing peekers advantage so original omg
running outside as defender being as easy as it is
vegas was a popamole sticky cover shooter
there is a very generous timer before they get spotted which is often enough to get their kill
So cringeworthy
Do we???
*their
Teenage drama
You're welcome
You could have played thunt defense on lonewolf so you dont have to deal with crappy teammates.
It pains me to see how many people misuse him. Don't try to be a 'sniper' with him, go inside the objective with your squad. The Spetzas' main ability is to kill and Glaz is very good at that. His rifle absolutely decimates people in the ranges INSIDE the building, his scope gives a very clear sight inside rooms. You can also use him to open up new sightlines and killholes easily.  Play aggressive with him and he easily becomes a A tier operator. I usually play against high plat/diamond people and even there he is viable.
Now keep on playing on that rank against other people of the same rank and tell us how long you can keep it.
I'd advise you to learn the ACOG scope as soon as possible, it is by far the most used weapon sight ingame thanks to the clear sight picture it gives you and the zoom.  With Doc you press the button to get out your stim pistol (Rb or R1 on console, I believe it is 'E' or middle mouse button on PC) and press+hold it again to heal yourself. If you see teammates that are hurt, just shoot them with the stim pistol and it heals them for 38 hp IIRC.
Really enjoying the french pump shotgun lately. It has a surprisingly high range and hits like a truck
It has the highest rate of fire of the shotguns and the shortest effective range. 'Spamming' it is pretty much its modus operandi
It always was
Says who?
What?
Holy shit I laughed way too hard about this :D
What the fuck is dabbing?
Simple masks or balaclavas WITH NO STUPID PATTERNS OR LOGOS ON for the operators that have their faces revealed would also come a long way.
Looks like some interns work who just discovered bump mapping.
