Probably time for a new keyboard.  Easy to replace, but a bit time consuming.   You can buy a new OEM keyboard on EBay for around $30.00.  Great instructions on iFixit.
So it seems there are only two animals that won't kill you in Australia.  I long suspected this.
[Looks like factory M-Sport.](http://i.imgur.com/WMZLvym.jpg)
Do this, OP.
http://powerflexusa.com/9-51998-2010ys3e.aspx  It's a DIY job with a few tools. A puller helps, but a blowtorch can melt out the old bushings if they get too stubborn.
Top Gun
You're right.  If you read the Wired article, that's what he says.
Figured someone would say something like this.  Take an upvote.
Is this the 30mm gun that was going on the cancelled EFV (previously AAAV)?
How opposed are you to stepping back a few model years and trying out an E39 540i M-Sport or even an M5?
uBlock Origine is pretty good at dealing with this.  I didn't see any pop-ups on the site.
Depending on the condition of the rest of the car, it may cost more than the vehicle is worth.  Also, there could be more damage than OP's pictures show.  Looks like the subframe tore out chunks of the unibody.    OP could probably make a bit of $$$ by parting it out, but not everyone has the time/space/experience for that.
One might say....
They should put a mid-90's Saab engine in it... either a B234R, or a B202T.  That would be fun.
I laughed.  Upboat for you.
less blur   http://i.imgur.com/xywnK2g.jpg
Three beeps at startup is RAM.    It could be a failing logic board, which might include your model in the repair program.
You think it's the HP, but it's really the TQ.  Really comes alive after 2250rpms.
Still there. Absolutely massive.
Correct.  The VT site has an outdoor patio, a firepit with chairs, and a newer beer garden with picnic tables and a small bar of its own with a few taps.
Not sure, I just got beer, but I would assume so.
That's because it's a weird type of English that's spoken by locals in Wilmington.
beerporn  It's a light-hearted sub.  Should be about having fun, and not you personally getting offended because a great view spoiled your nerd-addiction to adult beverages.
Thanks.
Hmm.  Ok, thanks for the reply.  Back to the waiting game.    Maybe it'll fall in our laps at 2359.
Been lightly raining in Oakland since before sunup.    Of course, this means that its complete Armageddon on the roads.
Is it an M5-only issue, or are 540is also affected? I haven't heard of this before. Now I'm curious/worried.
Because Ruger's foundry (Pine Tree Castings) was probably manufacturing parts for Kel-Tec, and didn't want to lose a supplier.
Traffic?
One of the more fun short-films ever: http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=b5eoNyWUz8I
VT.
...from the guy with the Opel.
You realize that a 2001 9-3 is just an updated ng900?  Which shared its chassis with the Opel Vectra...
It's missing the white flag hanging down from it.
The free kind.
Thanks for the info.  That's neat.
Military Arms Channel did a nice review of an AR-180.    Congrats on your unicorn wrangling.
Thanks for explaining.
Thank you.
Nice picture.    Something something.... Rule of thirds.
Looks great.    Similar to this old thing.  http://imgur.com/NSCsDdL
...then, who are you?
Nailed it.
They're supposed to be solid. The handful of online reviews I've watched have been positive.
2x
It looks like you'll be paying a lot, as much as the car is worth, to have that fixed.  The unibody and shock tower mounts are possibly bent, or cracked, and that means you'd need some serious frame alignment work done.    Hopefully you just have a bent axle and broken trailing arms.  Those can be bought 2nd-hand at a salvage yard.    Is your wheel bent or cracked? Are the brake lines leaking?
How does the other side look?  What about under the car?
Well, you mean the group that took over the failing company that Bill Ruger, Jr. drove into the ground.    But yes, Ruger is doing better now.
Great line-up. Always a fan of bare-bones A2/A4 builds.
Detachable carry handle on A4.
