http://youtu.be/wGdhc9k07Ms
Powerball tickets are $2 each, not $1. So at best you'd break even.
NASA is in the experimental stages of a warp drive not unlike the concept used in Star Trek. I don't know what will come of it but NASA seems to think they are on to something worth some effort.   It's a mistake to say "FTL travel is impossible so there's no point in working on that type of solution." Better to think about a way around it. Our history is filled with things once thought impossible.   http://spaceref.com/nasa-hack-space/propulsion/clarifying-nasas-warp-drive-program.html
No good deed goes unpunished.
A MacBook Pro is the overall best choice if choice is what you care about. On it you can run MacOS, Windows and Linux as well as use it for iOS and Android development.  If you buy a Windows Laptop, you lose the ability to code for macOS and iOS.   PC laptops can be less expensive but not for the equivalent hardware. Most PC magazines have stated that if you buy a PC laptop with the equivalent quality hardware as a Mac, the cost will be similar.
Here's one of many. They are not hard to find. http://www.howtogeek.com/219478/surprise-macs-aren%e2%80%99t-necessarily-more-expensive-than-windows-pcs/
The MacBook Air has only 8GB of memory. If that's enough for you, great. It also doesn't have that great of a graphics card relative to the Pro. Just depends on what you need.
Correct. When Steve Jobs returned to Apple the first thing he did was simplify their entire line to four categories: Pro desktop, pro laptop, consumer desktop , consumer laptop. They got away from that a bit with the MacBook Air but it wouldn't surprise me if that goes away and the features of that end up in the MacBook.
For some yes but when the new MacBooks came out and the most ram you could get was 16GB, there were a lot of people complaining. Apple said that more ram would shorten the battery life so they made a choice.
In a single payer system, the healthcare provider is being paid not by the patient but by the government. Whoever pays the bill is the customer.
I'm going to say no, he never said that.
No, that was for Syrian refugees. Trump has been asked repeatedly about a Muslim registry and he has said we should have one. Of course he's backing away from that now but apparently it's still on his website.   Let's just all accept that Trump just says whatever he's thinking at the moment without regard to the truth or any semblance of consistency. He's the bullshitter to end all bullshitters.
Gus wouldn't do business with Walt if Jessie was in the picture. Walt reluctantly agreed. When Walt found out that Gus had hired him an assistant who would clearly eventually be capable of replacing him, Walt stopped trusting Gus.  Breaking Bad is the story of a good man going bad in an attempt to do good (by his family) and in the process,  causing a bad man to become good.
The US is the most influential member of NATO. If North Korea set off a nuke against another nation, Trump wouldn't even need to ask.
Any rogue nation that nuked another would immediately be the subject of invasion by NATO. If you think NATO otherwise you don't understand NATO.  What do you think would happen if Pakistan nuked India?
An interesting side note: Venus rotates on its axis in the opposite direction from all other planets which astronomers believe means it was hit by something big early in its formation.
The money is used to improve the environment thus offsetting the damage a company does to it.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environmental_mitigation
Well what this tells us is the there is still A LOT we don't now about just our own solar system. That shouldn't surprise us given that humans have never set foot on another planet.
I don't see why not but I also wouldn't see it having any noticeable affect on any other planets. Venus might be the easiest to terraform since it can clearly maintain an atmosphere but it's slow rotation would be a problem I'd think.
It appears something already has. :)  It's spinning quite slowly. A single day on Venus (one rotation) is 224.65 Earth days. To speed it up to match Earth's rotational speed (which would likely be necessary to successful terraform it), would take a lot of energy and time. One calculation I found said it would take 3×10^17 W and about 16,000 years.  Of course that's with our current technology. In a 100 years or so perhaps we will have technology that makes it far more doable.
Correct. And the thinking is that the place where the impact occurred was where the Pacific Ocean is today. The mass of the moon, would fill that space. I heard this a long time ago so I don't know if it's still the current thinking especially considering plate tectonics and all.  Another interesting thing about the moon is that after the collision, it's thought that it only took about 10,000 years for the moon to form into what we see today. That's a blink geologically speaking.
There is and from what I've read it has to do with the gravitational impact of its magnetosphere.
The Chinese are also distancing themselves from North Korea far more than they ever have in the past.
Mormonism is the easiest target for anyone who wishes to show the cracks in the foundation of a religion because it is the newest of the popular religions.  We have actual documentation for example that shows Joesph Smith to be a con man.  Having said that, the author's basic claim is that atheists want to eliminate perceived societal differences between groups and will by doing so eliminate our ability to know right from wrong. Defeating this argument is quite simple.  One must only be able to accept a few simple claims as being morally true in order to defeat the articles claim as well as the need for religion as a moral compass (as if the history of nearly every religion isn't enough on its own):  1) We should each only expect to be treated as we treat others.  2) We each are the ultimate authority over our minds and bodies.  If you can accept these two claims as morally true, I don't think you need anything else upon which to base morality.  To be moral is to do the right thing when no one is looking. If your actions are instead based upon fear of reprisal from other people or a deity, you are not motivated by a desire to be moral but by the wish to avoid pain. Your faith is acting as a moral proxy.  I've only known a few ex-mormons. They seem to not so much as be rejecting Mormonism as rejecting religion so it's small wonder they become atheist rather than join some other Christian denomination.   Historically, religion has provided answers to questions that were otherwise unanswerable. Over time, we have found the real answers to many of these questions via the scientific method. These new answers are logical and contradict those provided by religion which causes us to doubt religion as a valid source of truth claims. So is it any wonder that the more we truly understand about the universe, the less religious we become?  The author is looking for an answer that reinforces his faith and hopefully the faith of others. However, it's not a logical answer. The desire for equality is the desire to eliminate immoral inequality. It is immoral to allow one class a right that another class is denied for no good reason. If we are going to have marriage as a legally-binding arrangement then same sex couples logically have the same right to it as opposite sex couples do. To say otherwise is both illogical and immoral. The only way to make the claim that it's immoral is to claim that some supernatural deity said so. That's a claim that cannot be proved and is thus illogical.  It seems to me that religion continues only because of childhood indoctrination. If children were not introduced to faith until they were 12, the age at which most children can be skeptical and logical, religion would quickly die out. It's already dying out but it will take a hundred years or longer to go away almost completely.   What does it say that faith continues only through was can be best described as brain-washing? Having said all of this, what I have found is that the only people you can influence are those already having some doubt. There's little point in engaging the those still deeply committed to their faith.
You beat me to it.
Deliveries for iOS and MacOS. Great for tracking stuff you've ordered online.
That if you get lost at sea, you'll likely never be found.
The phone lines were down and when a cop came to the door to check on him, Kevin was too scared to answer it.
Sounds like the issue is with their API since you have the correct Skype address. I suggest you call them back, show them what you're doing and that you do in fact have the right Skype address.
Go to know Hollywood isn't the only city putting thought into this.
He did, just not for reason of which you are thinking.
Back to the Future didn't originally star Michael J. Fox. Eric Stoltz was cast and they were shooting scenes but the chemistry between him and Christopher Lloyd just wasn't working so Director Robert Zemeckis convinced the producers of the TV show Family Ties to allow him to cast Fox with the promise that it wouldn't interfere with shooting the TV show. Fox was filming Family Ties during the day and Back to the Future at night.
Love Is Here To Stay
Stanislav Petrov. On September 26th, 1983 he saved the world. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislav_Petrov
Walking burns calories and just walking for 30 minutes 3 times a week lowers your risk of heart disease quite a bit.
Steve Jobs.
Tap on the user icon in the lower-right corner (the one that takes you to your account) then tap on the Settings icon (the gear in the upper-right corner) then tap on Text Size.
As is Mel Gibson.
WTF?
Voters from small states effectively have more voting power in the electoral college than voters from bigger states. Enough rural voters from smaller states voted for Trump allowing him to win the electoral college vote which is the one that matters.   Having said that, the electors should have done their job and rejected Trump as obviously unfit. Unfortunately, they all seem to be more loyal to their parties than to the Constitution.
It is. It read the Parental Guide section of it on IMDB. It's clearly R-rated.
Unfortunately, no. :)
You are missing the point. It also states that they are to judge the fitness of the candidate. They did not do that. They simply voted for the candidate that won their parties vote in their state. They never considered Trump's fitness or if they did, their criteria for his fitness is that he's breathing but not much more than that.  And I do have objective evidence. Every President we have ever had has had some background in the areas I mentioned and for reasons so obvious my 13 year old son could understand. If Trump was some kind of expert in politics despite having never held office, that would be one thing, but he's not. So he has no relevant knowledge or experience for a position of tremendous power and influence. That such a position requires these things is not subjective.
True and what he was really asking was "Why are you teaching kids that we are the same as all other animals?" The fact is, Nye is NOT teaching that. However, we ARE animals.
A note that says "Buy as much Apple stock as you possible can. "
We can't.
What would such evidence look like? This is the reason we have courts and the presumption of innocence: to find the truth.
Exactly.
Yep.
