*^dogfish
Or a chinese thing. In pancakes
well, that's a pane
No, he sent his grandmother to research him
I buy Denso plugs for my car via Amazon, for 30% of what they cost in the store.
It was the day that serving staff circulated their boxes - which were money-boxes to collect tips on an annual basis  Anyone who provided a service - milk-deliverers, grocers boys, maids, would take part. Those they provided a service to would contribute.
That's somehow undermined by the fact that Maj. Helstrom willingly sits down next to an armed Stiglitz - a career-ending move in most circumstances.
if it was ten seconds pumping, thats a gallon of petrol, maybe a gallon and a half.  You could have continued filling the tank with premium diesel, driven fast for fifty miles, filled the tank again with diesel and forgotten all about it. Concentration would be well below the point it causes issues   (pre modern injection pumps and common-rail, the owners manuals for diesels recommended putting in a gallon of petrol to every tank in cold winter periods to prevent the fuel solidifying)
In the UK, as recently as the early 1990s you could buy petrol by star ratings, 4-star was generally reckoned best , equivalent to modern premium.. but lower ratings also existed. 3-star and 2-star for low efficiency engines, mopeds, etc  Is is possible your Camry was specced for regular fuel at a time that sub-regular fuel was also available in some markets it was sold in? IE, they werent prepared to guarantee optimum performance on 88-RON but would on 95-RON ?
Here speaks a man who can't understand how much air exists within a floor of a large skyscraper - or the immense sideways pressure that air exerts as the floor that stood 25 feet tall is crushed to absolute flat in the space of a single second
if you read to the bottom, these questions have been answered in this thread by the mod team.   One individual was banned for racism*, others had temp bans which now expired, and it seems at least one was a victim of a miscarriage of modjustice and has been restored with an apology  *seems to be a regular kipper theme, sadly. Freedom of speech only goes so far.
Its probably more to do with "marginal propensity to consume"  On a broad scale more people buying stuff means economic growth - but the increase in consumption has to be within the ability of the economy to grow to provide it, else you just get inflation.  If a person spends 95% of their income, when you give them a pay rise they are likely to spend the extra money - as its likely they normally live under some constraints, and have to do without. A wealthy person spending 50% of their income is more likely to bank the extra cash.  the Tory counter-argument (for balance) is that funding for starting businesses comes from the richer proportion - either by their investing in share subscriptions or by banks intermediating their deposit balances into loans for industry - and without that capital investment growth is restrained. They would also point out that many 'richer' people live a lifestyle that reflects their ability to buy luxury goods, and that they dont save as much as they should and as a result, the marginal propensity argument is iffy
You can derive information about inputs to a situation from the outputs from it.  Known outputs: British moslems are fighting for ISIS abroad, other British moslems have been arrested while attempting to leave for ISIS, more have been arrested for attempting to send money to ISIS  Likely cause of these events:  That some British moslems are in favour of the political-religious theories expounded by ISIS   derived information: A population of ISIS supporters exists within British islam.  With accurate information about how many of them leave for ISIS or try to, you could estimate the size of the pool of believers by making some assumptions about the proportion of those who believe, who are moved to act  It must be fairly significant though
&gt; Put a cat and an equal weight anything else in a room  "This is a 4kg bomb"
I'd appreciate context from anyone active in the 70s gay scene as to whether this would be thought of as moderate speech at the time
They got through 6 child actors while producing the Flipper series of films
He would probably note that your reaction justifies some of his prejudice.. You are however right that barring true extremes it is folly to refuse to hear the words of one who would debate.
"It wasn't just the jews. 4 loyal Germans died in the camp too - their guard-tower collapsed in a storm"
Stand Your Ground! No tree will perilously elevate American felines  Speak to your senator about the right to bear anti-arboreal artillery
It may be worth re-posting this question into one of the LGBT sub-reddits - users there might be better informed on the specific services available to young LGBT peeps when endangered by their family  Good luck.
Confusion is good.  "Its time for business, if you'll pardon the pun" While they ponder the words and look for the pun, batter their face in with an iron bar
Its not USB, it's HDMI
Look at the sky at night. You can detect where German cars congregate from the orange glow
User Turborg referred to the photoreconnaissance dummy armies of WW2 - one of two things I came here to mention.  The other is the Pas-de-Calais invasion. Allied forces took advantage of the temporary disgrace of General George S.Patton after an incident in his camp, to send him on observation missions and tours that were deliberately not secret enough  German intelligence believed - as was intended - that a genuinely talented General would not be excluded from the invasion plans, and as such the Normandy landings were a distraction.    They concentrated their forces way north of the invasion that was in progress, awaiting a 2nd landing, by a ghost army that would never come.  This probably saved tens of thousands of lives on both sides, and equal numbers of French civilians, by reducing the scale of the initial conflicts
1) Banks are stress-tested regularly now and all in pretty good shape. Better defended now than they have ever been   2) House prices over 50 years have averaged a rise in line with inflation. The overpriced perception is a relict of the underpricing we got used to a few decades back   3) the dead wood has been shaken out, the economy is growing    4) Debt to GDP in UK is good compared to many EU nations, and although high (approx 90% when 60% is often quoted as an ideal max) is not out of line with historical norms for a lot of fairly healthy economies.  Every point you made is both arguable and in my opinion not a fact, and not true.
cemantics too (or is that CEM antics...)
It probably went straight through their chairs. The metal frames would carry a lot of current, and because the people sitting on them were at the same electrical potential as the floor but represented a higher resistance routing, they wouldnt have experienced any current flow through them
It is a matter of fact that a puma was captured alive in Scotland in 1980.
Those florida guys, diving in to wrestle with sharks...
dangling from the tree, 12 feet up....
But dick wouldnt come to mean penis until the 20th century.  Shakespeare spelt most names phonetically - everyone did in the 15th century.  Hence Captain Llewellyn in Henry V is written as Captain Fluellen in order to get an approximately correct pronounciation of a Welsh name  Benedict means Blessing - however its spelt.
fiction, right?
They got the mustard out!
good luck
I can read that sentence so many ways.    All of them disturbing
Its just his job 5 days a week?
electric city buses worked using trolley-poles with bobbins on the end that ran along 2 parallel wires over the road.  I expect if history had continued along similar lines there'd have been recharging rails on the streets for cars in busy areas or long highways (long trolley poles would be impractical on a car..)
How did you even notice that?
It also saves 4 of the principal stars in the closing moments of the film!
if muff is measured by the ton something's gone weird
or stockholm syndrome, if it was a tumour
Came here to say that. Its something about care for the perceived vulnerable  Some people swear that their cats or dogs are better judges of human character than they are
RAF Lancaster crews used their microwave radios to warm up food during ww2
I could tell you, but then I realised that about a hundred other people already have on this thread
Wasnt this an original Mark Twain (SL Clemens) quote?
You have more balls than I do then
and in Newcastle they say Doo doo dodee's inclimmin wivva
One does not simply walk into Mordor Faire.
This is known. They just are not quite so thorough about it.
I can understand it to an extent - nations are built on their history  America was the big empty place - it bred self-reliance and responsibility because in the big expanses, there would be nobody to rely on if you had troubles. People gained self-respect by not relying on others and came to see that as a virtue.  I guess as a more religious society as well - the bible says that God loves a cheerful giver - there was some argument that compulsory social support taxes robbed the taxpayer of the moral benefits of giving.  We Europeans are too used to being an urban society where rights and duties flowed freely.
