Dunno, but we won't recognize any of the jobs.  In the same way someone from 150 years ago would not recognize many of the jobs today (what's a computer?)  Most people were farmers!  What are all those farmers going to do!  Oh no the sky is falling!
&gt; This is the root mechanism of inequality of outcome which we see today: people do not effectively asses their own position and what is in their best interest and they make decisions from a position of informational asymetry which yields a sub-optimal outcome.  Or ever.  E.g. some people never thinking about what's in their best interest.  They just live day to day, surviving.
Don't worry, they stream people out of the college track early in Germany.
I'm very familiar with what these companies pay as I'm in the tech industry.  Amazon will pay programmers fresh out of school $100k a year in some cases.  Basically $64k is below even the bottom of the scale for most tech jobs.
It's already done.    I don't know what Dave would say but not just be aggressive about paying it off first?  You don't have other debt right now, pay this house off, then go buy a new house.  Bam.
Until Mr. Fusion gets stolen by the great khan and they have to figure out how to power the Tesla some other way.
The author of Snow Crash just came out with a new book called Seveneves.
Odd, I basically suggested the same thing in another BI thread the other day.
As I said, too many issues to list ;)
Nope they use buttons that are electronic.  There are manual release levels on the floor though so you can get out without electricity.  Also the roof could have easily been popped.
Is it possible the dial is just after market and the rest of the watch is ok?  It's hard for me to tell with these pictures but I feel like most of it looks pretty good except for the dial.
https://www.nceo.org/articles/employee-ownership-100
Given that Chevy has be changing that system every year the exact model, year and mode would all do different things.  The C7 system definitely reacts differently than C6's.
Vape pens for nicotine are super common.  They are also completely indistinguishable from the same pen being used with marijuana oil.  Neither one of them emits much of a scent.  I've seen people use them indoors and nobody even notices.  It's not like old school smoking a doobie.  They sell these are every single store in WA.
This is an extremely complex topic.  Normally you would trademark the name of an app.  You file this with the trademark office, see your local lawyer.  It's a multi-step process that requires multiple filings that isn't complete until you start using the mark.  However, all that does is protect the name.  The other guy could still make a similar app with a different name.  Can you talk a bit more about the structure here?  Are you all partners?
Keep in mind those tires don't have much tread on them to begin with. Sport Cup 2's are usually good for 3k miles but the only way you can tell if they are worn is by looking at the wear bars.  They basically look worn out from the factory.
There were more ferraris than I've ever seen in one place before.
Mainly because for the vast majority of cases it simply doesn't matter.  Stuff is fast enough in most cases.  It's only peculiar types of software that care about squeezing the hardware hard.
So your local middle class bank employee who works in the business loan department doesn't exist.  Gotcha.
three sea shells
It's not a gold sub, it's a two tone sub according to the pics.  The price isn't anything special for an older model.
Are you a rocket wizard?  Is there a book or a place on the internet I can learn more about this?
Ok, so we plug all of the loopholes.  How much does that bring in?  The answer is not enough to make a different to anything.
So basically you do a similar move the other direction to balance out your senses?  That sounds like a cool technique.  I'm learning so much about flying in this thread.
Invite everyone to vegas.
&gt;which is making so many young people not just pro Bernie, but actively anti Clinton  Now all they need to do is actually vote.  Which they don't seem to want to do...
no?
By and large young people at the population that votes the least.
&gt;is basically just spending less than you make   You do realize this isn't a given and that not everyone agrees even with this, right?  Many people go into debt and think it increases their lifestyle (when it really does the opposite in the long run).  &gt;and expecting schools to raise fully functioning adults rather than putting that on parents/family/life experience.  Ultimately schools can only do so much.  This is why kids with successful parents have an advantage.  They are already being taught good strategy for the most part.  This type of education is even more important for poor folks as they will need to be extra disciplined to dig out.
No?
Ok, in what housing market is a house liquid and fungible?
Why am I not surprised this guy is storing musical stuff with you.
Correct.
&gt;If the hyper-rich had any sense, they'd be all over this. Keeping the masses content is a good long-term strategy.  Not to bone pick, but is this actually true? BI is a very expensive compared to hunkering down in a secure location.
Complete true story.  Yesterday I met in my office with a guy named Bing and the building right across the plaza from us is literally where MS Bing is housed.  It was a double bing.
The average new home right now is something like 2700 sq ft.
Evidence for this?
What do you expect, 10 years is still newb land.
I lol'd
I hear that's how it works.
They have nationalized many companies.  That's socialism.  They price fix goods.  That's socialism.  And on top of that add everything you said.  Arguable those policies are mismanagement.
What part about the state taking over a bunch of companies directly is not socialism?  I'm confused.
I saw a dude in redmond standing on the corner with a gas can today.
Amazon US carries a bunch of it.
The radiation shield is something I hadn't heard before but makes sense.  I wonder if they will have other ways of generating gravity, even if only for a small section of the ship.
&gt;We can create land.   Of course we can.  But we can't create land at a place where it's already valuable.  For example San francisco, manhattan, Seattle etc.  What's already there makes that land valuable.  &gt;Virtually, or like the Chinese are doing in the sea.  Not equivalent.  We can terraform mars too but it's not going to make a house in LA cheaper.  &gt;The earth "mass produced" land. We can too, we just need to learn how.  Sure but even then not all land is equal.  E.g. created land on a coastline will be more valuable than interior land.  &gt;Note also that land is only scarce because humans do not know enough to stop breeding. The demographic transition fixes that ignorance.  It doesn't really fix it.  We could have 1/10th of our current population and land inside a city would be worth more than rural land.
Odd because I don't recall there being any stores in California that anyone can walk into and buy weed.  It's still gray market / medical only.  Bottom line, California is behind because they haven't legalized yet.  Same with Canada.
Thank you for throwing out some of this stuff and bringing some good perspective.  The social effects of smart phones alone are huge and moving fast.
So how does that not lead to inflation for anything related to such bullshit?
I have no idea what your point is.
