Also what /u/Skellum said here, exactly.
this reason is called safety procedures. And they are called for more prosaic situations than an engine failure on takeoff - just because you have up to few hundred people on board.
it only smells if she didnt wash her teeth...:&gt;
You mean?
the person having an issue here is OP's cheating wifey. OP should aim for 100% custody, after paternity testing.
They do. Also, check out eyeball tattoos. And cringe.
more like "they were married off by their families" than "they married".
Your lungs will rupture if you try and hold it in, in short. Then, you will drown in your own blood :)
Yeah, except that process takes days, while just removing your helmet in space would end up as explosive decompression :)
I guess it would not be to hard to perform invitro procedure on a woman during a surgery, but assisted reproduction methods also rely on hormonal therapy before the procedure itself - so I dont know wheter such feat would result in a viable pregnancy.
Also, depends on what exactly is the construction of the plant. I.e. radiation hazard from chernobyl 4 event is that high, because there was no safety/containment dome over the reactor - and once the reactor vessel's cover was blown off, it obliterated that flimsy metal sheet roof overhead, and left reactor open (and burning) to the outside world. A proper containment building would mitigate this to an extent. Another thing to consider, is the core composition - again, chernobyl 4 reactor - the RBMK-1000 - contains several hundred tons of graphite, that, if heated and exposed to oxygen, burns. Fires create updrafts that will cause radioactive particles to spread over large areas. If that was a PWR reactor, the crisis would be most probably way better contained.
For comparison, the largest test device ever to be detonated - the USSR's Tsar Bomba - had yield equivalent of 50 megatons of TNT. And its shockwave caused damage as far as finland (thru atmospheric lensing) where there were several cases of buildings having their roofs blown off.
I guess the primer on a HEAT is not keyed for such soft target as a human body, so it just passed thru without actuating. And I dont think it would be a razor cut, more like having a grenade explode inside him - all that kinetic energy, and follow-up shockwave behind the round.
Any big enough bomb will solve any problem...the fact, that it will solve anything else in general area, is another story altogether.
A pickaxe is also a manual craft, so add at least one.
As for tracks, they were specially-built quad rail lines, curved to faciliate directional aiming. There was no "line" to speak of that got to them - the gun was assembled on-site after the rails were built, directly on them.
Its not really "mobile" - only movement it did while assembled, was aiming. Even that was done by external locomotives, as gun itself did not have engines.
not with 20 meters+ of barrel recoil :)
In short, Plan B is an emergency hormonal birth control pill. Prevents pregnancy when used within first 72 hours after sex.
like, gossip :D
&gt; regardless of gender  Not that women can get prostate cancer :)
Dont glocks have a squeeze safety ? Technically its still a catch, you just operate it differently. And you can slide back -&gt; load a clip -&gt; relase the slide. Way easier to do.
So whats wrong with a divorced person ?
Yeah, helicopters are in more vulnerable position, and are technically more vulnerable too. On the other hand, error margin on a helicopter is way larger compared to a jet aircraft doing 600+ mph at 1 mile ASL.
more temperature resistance, more density and less malleable. Thus better as ammo.
In theory, yes. But as /u/stickmanDave stated already, its totally unfeasible due to economics. Producing and sustaining one gram of antimatter, currently, would cost more than the entire planetary economy.
That. Also, beware of ooopsies.
And that radioactivity is 1) low, 2) its alpha emission, meaning its only even dangerous if it gets inside you. Technically, with even 2-3% U235 enriched nuclear reactor fuel pellets, you can hold it in your hand and not have any adverse effects - provided it was never used in a reactor yet (so fission byproducts are in negligible quantity)
&gt; They don't execute for rape or murder, only drugs.  Most probably because they do not want that kind of persons in their teritory, period. You want to do drugs? You are free to do so...outside of their teritory. Or risk consequences. Its that easy.
Ummm, we can't ? Thats a new one.
&gt; super tsunami can make an entire country a no human zone  It can do that on itself, without help :)
Also, the amount of really dangerous waste, from a year of power plant's operation, is negligible next to amount of dangerous waste from coal power plants, or any chemical processing / smelting.
&gt;  Fukushiima was a total clusterfuck disaster.  And, not surprisingly, so was Chernobyl-4 disaster, with extreme errors in reactor / safeties design added in.
Having renewable energy is one thing. Having it 100% dependable upon for access-sensitive industrial processes, is another story. Some plants could loose equipment worth millions if they fully lost power for more than minutes.
&gt;  It pumps two forms of hydrogen into a chamber  One of two heavy isotopes, to be exact - either deuterium or tritium. You could technically use regular hydrogen, but then you'd need more power going in to sustain fusion reaction, starting the fusion is harder, containment is harder (way more pressure / temperature needed) and so on. On the other hand, tritium decays very fast, and is expensive / hard to get. Deuterium is between tritium and hydrogen, so its most probable fuel of choice.  edit: And, i'd gather that output helium would be readily used, as we have a limited supply of helium on earth, and its useful.
Or get stabbed with a sharpened pencil. Yeah, those were used as deadly weapons too, with good effect.
Thats what you get when you manually withdraw control rods, by hand ;) shouldnt be done, like ever.
tbh, transgender MtF does not always have their dicks - medically its quite easy to make functioning female genitalia (not as easy the other way around tho)
Yep.
You dont need to. Its self-cleaning, basically - I mean the inside.
&gt; There is no oxygen in space for fire to burn on the sun,  Also, process occuring on the sun is not really burning (which is technically a chemical, exothermal/exoenergetical oxidation process). Nuclear plasma burn is not "fire" in the meaning of chemical fire.
The slots below look like a roboport, actually. So count me in as hyped. :&gt;
aaand thats exactly why im waiting for my superfactory project, till .13 hits.
Thats why its called "estimated" date ;)
Scout outwards, find a new deposit, and connect via train ? ;)
To be exact, in an enclosed, resonant cavity. So in theory, there should be no trust.
Parachute is autodeployed by a seat, actually, so no problem here. The problem is actually properly operating that seat AND living afterwards, and not getting maimed by the whole ordeal.  edit: to be exact, the seat will autostabilise mid-flight, separate itself from the pilot, open the parachute, and if needed,relase and inflate a life raft for water landing.
Very true.
full Bob's mods set, RSO, and Hard crafting mod. Good luck :)
Also, that.  And also the fact, that in most multiseat aircraft, ejection seats are not sequenced together, but every person has to actuate them by themselves. Try to achieve proper separations with 200+ panicked people onboard. Also, kids using those ejection seats? Nope. Doesn't spell anything good.
