Wrong on so many levels. Sure, create an economic incentive so a market is held afloat, yadda yadda... but these are coral dwelling fish. You have to actually dive to catch or snag them on a barb. That kind of activity is dangerous to the coral area, possibly as much of the lionfish is itself. It's replacing one top predator with another, because those diving spear fisherman certainly dont' stop with lion fish. Also, it's probably not going to reduce the population, once the fish has a foot hold in an area.... it's nearly impossible to remove them.
Yeah, there is always some place more expensive.
I'm sure somebody has already mentioned this, but check out the IRS tax brackets. I'm not even sure what I'm about to write is true and honest, it could be a myth for all I know. However, from my past personal experience (read uninformed assumptions) I had accepted a higher paying job at another place that was wonderful. But it seemed I was actually earning less money. I was not sure how that could be at the time. It seemed I was paying more in tax, and perhaps in my insurance program (slightly). Indeed, I had transitioned into a higher tax bracket and the amount of more money I was earning was cancelled out by the increase in tax. Again, this might be complete BS, but it's something that I remember happening at the time, but other factors like inflation and whatever also cause the cost of living to increase. So it could be I was just spending more on everyday minor things, and only noticed after changing jobs. Anyways, that is also a good point. Take into account the rate of inflation and whatever cost-of-living metrics migth be available for your area. Cost of living is variable that seems different for people in different places, so look into that. Anyway, try to findout the difference in the cost of living when you started that existing cube surfing job, and then project what you need to improve or sustain what you had when you started there. Also combine that with the federal tax bracket stuff. After that, you can factor in thing like insurance, and you can get a rough idea of what your monthly take-home would be. It's a hard problem, and frankly most people just take the leap without calculations and see how things play out afterward.
I've got ITIL foundation, and it's great! I'd say it was more a philosophical cert than anything else, and it worked for me. It changed my mind on how to do things, and formed me into a better tech worker.
I used to do that, but it doesn't work. The problem seems to be that the Synology Operating System lives on or otherwise depends on... the storage volume instead of of to the side in separate storage (E.G. nvram, emmc, etc). So anytime the OS has to log an event, such as NTP, or dynamic DNS, or whatever other conveniences... it has to spin up the storage. Hopefully future devices separate the storage from the OS completely.
I always name my bash scripts: script.bash. Always name my ksh scripts: script.ksh And if there is ever any ambiguity, I've seen people even puth shell versioning info in the file name. * script.bash4 * script.ksh93 And only the posixly compliant scripts, which is a brain damaged standard IMHO, would ever be named .sh Do you really shell script to the posix standard? IF not, stop calling your scripts .sh
That number is impressive! Good for them! Achieving such a great amount of wealth is admirable. Especially via legal ways, regardless if the legality is morally aligned with the spirit of the law, or even if the spirit of the law is deluded in this day and age of multinational corporations. Tax havens are pretty cool things, and my only wish is they were more accessible to average citizens. After all it's practically our civic duty to pay the least amount of tax legally possible in whatever locality. I don't complain about other people doing a great job on their yearly tax filing, maximizing their tax returns, just the same as I don't criticize corporations for effectively doing the same thing. There is the issues of wealth inequality, which is a worthy issue that merits discussion. However it's difficult when people polarize on the issues, because the extreme polar ends of each position is too radical, and always the rational middle ground is left empty. Presently the problem is not solvable, at least not in an acceptable way. Multinational corporations always have the threat to pull their roots and HQ elsewhere. It's a gambit that keeps the government in check, raise taxes too much and POOF they're gone, and their tax revenues go with them. Similar to large multinational banks. The banks are too big to fail, and that is sustained because if we force the banks smaller, well there is always another multinational big bank principally based in another place that does not have to reduce size, and will then dominate the market. It's all classic game theory.
Yeah, there are also lightning deals on stolen canon lens from that lens shop the other day. (joking)
yep, I could. That, or an eMMC. Which is basically the same thing as an SD card except soldered onto the pcb and slightly faster. I'm pretty sure there is some off to the side nvram for storing factory reset data. That way the system can be recovered if all the drivers are pulled and replaced, etc. But it mostly does initial setup, and lays down the OS on the storage volume.
&gt; but I keep at it because I believe I'd be alone for a long time without her and am, frankly, afraid of that. It doesn't help that she's also told me much the same.. that I would be alone without her. That raised a red flag for me. I'd let her know in no uncertain terms that she is replaceable. If she really loves you, then she would let you go peacefully. The money is not an issues in this discussion, and you should tell her to continue working and supporting herself.
