&gt; If you had said this from the start then this conversation would have been over. Check usernames. &gt; Banning 700,000 Arab Israelis from returning to their homes and properties after the war was over based on their ethnicity was ethnic cleansing. Denying this is insanity. It wasn't in line with perfect ethics, but the insanity would have been to allow them to return. You can't honestly say that the fledgling nation could have allowed hundreds of thousands of (justifiably) angry Arabs to refill the area between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem. It simply wouldn't have worked. Israel could have but didn't expel the Arabs and other minority groups that remained in the area. This shows that decisions were made with at least some ethical considerations. In 1948, a time when the French were kicking around the Algerians and the Vietnamese and Stalin was moving ethnic groups around willy-nilly, Israel could have pushed out the minorities. After all, the Arab states were kicking out the Jews and nobody was complaining at the UN. But there wasn't a genocidal urge in the hearts of Israelis, just a practicality born out of a precarious situation.
God bless America, and *everybody* else.
There is also unexpected benefits. For example, the completely regular numbers system of Esperanto is the same as the system for Chinese, more or less. Additionally, the concept of having a single, regular change for all tenses is also part of Chinese. Simply learning about accusatives and all those other fun terms is enough to make Esperanto useful for learning basically any language, from Japanese to Klingon.
&gt; the Ukraine Just a tiny nitpick, Ukraine no longer is referred to with the definite article.
He is a frothy mix of lube and fecal matter.
&gt; ...if they are true to Islam’s teachings. Assuming that you are interpreting a complex, sometimes contradictory religion correctly, few people are perfect followers of their religion.
When I pick a girl up, I always tell her "I want to be in you". The fathers love it!
John Carter, the finest swordsman on two worlds.
Do you really think someone would do that, just go on the internet and tell lies?
Not a Simpsons fan, eh?
