Is shisha a flavoured tobacco product? Yes? Then it's part of the ban.
plus months of smoking old, stale tobacco. YUM!
I'm sad. I used to really enjoy Colts Mild, Wine &amp; Rum. Before having kids, I enjoyed them occasionally at backyard BBQs with friends. Since I had kids, I stopped all together. I looked forward to kicking them out of the house at 18, and enjoying them again. Sadly, no more. I guess I will have the option to drive down to the U.S. and pick some up there.
Actually, the wording of the poll lead to an extremely biased response. So, yes, the poll is wrong. &gt; Toronto City Council is debating the future of the Gardiner east of Jarvis; two options are receiving the most consideration. One plan is to remove the Gardiner east of Jarvis and replace it with a boulevard. Supporters say this is the cheapest option and allows for better development of Toronto’s waterfront. Critics say tearing down the Gardiner will add to commuting times. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to remove the Gardiner? Notice the biased language? "Supporters" vs "Critics". "Remove" vs "tearing". "Approve" vs "Disapprove". "Better development" vs "add to commuting times". If you were to flip around the language, you would probably get a very different result. &gt; One plan is to leave the Gardiner up and rejuvenate it. Supporters say this is the best option to keep traffic flowing. Critics say tearing it down and replacing it with a more congested boulevard might improve the waterfront. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to rejuvenate the Gardiner?
How much will it cost to move? Maybe instead of looking for a charitable moving company, you could accept donations to pay for it to be moved.
At that point, I think it would be easier just to make a monthly run to the U.S. or a native reserve.
Smoking rates are always going down, with the ever increasing prices and restrictions. Absolutely the underage smoking rates will drop.
I was never a smoker. I just enjoyed a smoke with friends. I didn't take smoke breaks at work. I didn't smoke in my idle time. Maybe once a month while drinking I would have a smoke.
Gather your documentation and head down to your local government office. They did the same thing to me years ago. They want to see evidence of your current address.
I have home delivery, and the majority of the time, it's junk mail. I like the idea of a secure central mailbox for things like cheques and small parcels I still receive occasionally.
