Context shapes text. Again, comparable scene in The Crying Game, technically far better set up, is playing the same scenario. This is actually a scene that I think is fairly well known in cis culture, the trans reveal. In light of how that's "supposed" to go, I think Boy Meets Girl is working very deliberately on the spectacle level.
As a bi trans woman ... this is not the hierarchy of bigotry that I'm used to.
How do you feel about democracy?
Responding just to the latter half if your question: I'm a trans woman and a feminist. I was a feminist pre transition too. The word describes my stance and method when it comes to thinking about and responding to structural sexism, ie patriarchy. I don't think that only women have the right to describe themselves as feminists, for that reason. However, I do sometimes wonder if I'd have been a feminist if I were born a developmentally normal male in e exact same circumstances. I hope not, for hypothetical guy me's sake, but being separated out from the girls and hearing the things young men said when they thought no women could hear, definitely shaped me., Most feminists in my social class and age group don't seem to think twice about a trans woman being a feminist. Once you accept a trans woman as a woman, accepting her as a feminist is pretty trivial.
Aren't we all just doing both as we wait for the end?
I'm a college professor who transitioned at 28. My speaking voice is just fine. Train seriously, humbly, and with good techniques and you should be able to get a voice that sounds cis.
Go to /r/transtimelines and search for MTF in your age.
I realized I'm severely codependent and started taking less shit and being less enabling. I'm way less terrified of disagreeing with my friends or doing things that will displease them when necessary, and I can talk them through rougher shit without that codependent terror that I'm threatened in myself through threats to them, which is toxic.
Clearly squats are my destiny.
&gt; drastic surgery to change how people see you It really doesn't work that way.
