&gt;It isn't about the overwhelming white majority. It is about changing things that don't need to be changed. You want a black Human Torch? Make a new character, give him Human Torch powers (Johnny wasn't the first Human Torch, nor the last flaming hero.) Yes, *that* is how to keep people from getting angry at changing the race of the character. There would *totally* have been less outrage at the new Fantastic Four movie if Michael B. Jordan had been cast as the totally new character "Stohnny Jorm/The Human Candle" and the character had replaced Johnny Storm. *No one* would have gotten angry at that!
As we all know, if the prequel trilogy had just laid off the CGI, they would have saved everyone's' childhoods. That's how this works.
I mean, I try to, but I realize I probably very frequently fail to uphold it. I just hate when people offer that handwave-y solution as a way to avoid actually self-examining. What makes it even worse is when the other side is clearly throwing back just as much rudeness, or when the original "rudeness" was people overreacting to feel right (for example, one side saying something like "Look, I've clearly explained this to you three times already, actually read it before you respond next time" and getting called for being "condescending"). Then it feels like an even dumber cover story.
Also, in cases like this where it's referring to a movie, there's just no way any of these new heroes is going to get a movie before the well-established titles like Fantastic Four, Iron Man, etc. So you can make as many of these new characters as you want, but you can't give them the 50 years of history to catch them up to the big names.
And that problem is magnified exponentially with the movies. There are, what, 40 Marvel comic titles (just as an example) running concurrently at any one time? Meanwhile, the MCU has essentially introduced seven "titles" since it began in 2015, less than one per year. And they really can't run concurrently, as they're essentially limited to 2-3 "issues" per year across all of their different titles, meaning that each character sticks around for a while and more or less blocks any new characters.
Orioles fan here. Yes, please (see article). That said, I feel like our team and farm is thin enough that I'm not sure what we could offer...
Between all the starting pitchers seemingly collapsing at once, Bundy and Gausman, and Eduardo Rodriguez's impressive start, I'm starting to rue the Andrew Miller trade well before I thought I would.
At the same time, she also never showed up in Beast's bed in an attempt to seduce him like she did with Magneto.
No, she kept the movie anonymous for professional reasons. A random commenter on the Guardian article claimed that, and it became the top comment in the ensuing Reddit thread until the poster deleted it after too many people pointed out that it was a totally unfounded claim from an anonymous commenter.
Also, let's talk about the other issue: [all these untalented young actresses clearly getting roles based on looks alone](http://np.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/3843yw/the_age_of_emma_stone_jennifer_lawrence_and/crsb2n1).
