What is the special Item anyway?
Got some tips for a scrub like me then? I really can't stand this map at high tiers...
Silver Fang. I just like those Old-Guy-but-extremely-powerful-characters. Also martial arts are cool.
You'll probably have to improve it by a lot. My clan for example requires at least 1,6k recent. And we weren't even close to getting a tank for anyone. Got some camos though.
Now i can't help but wonder. What happened afterwards? Did Dan bust you to Jess or did he keep silent? Did anything more serious develop between you and Lily? Just by what i've read here you seemed to be quite into each other (as in more than horny). Is there a Volume 3 coming or do we have to buy that on amazon? Not that i would mind that much. Just asking.
Where else would the gunner and commander be o.O?
Lol i hopped in my t54, played like 5 games, circlestrafed a Jagdtiger to death an bam that's 2100 damage against TDs... I didn't even try for that mission. Just play like you normally would and you'll get it eventually.
The most important thing for the is mobility. I think of it this way: How do i combat derpguns, gold ammo and arty? Don't get hit or better yet: Don't get spotted. Sometimes heavies and stuff are fun but i think mediums can be more consistent because of their flexibility.
The thing that really annoys me about platooning with arty, is that it basically makes the platoon useless. You can't do anything a normal platoon can. No double tracking, no "take a shot for me and we'll rush him". Nothing more than maybe that one shot every thirty seconds. I'd rather play alone than platoon with arty. At least then i'm not guaranteed arty on the enemy team every game i play.
First off: Get some order in your rambling. It's ok to not be a native speaker. But this post is really hard to read. But concerning your problem: I would suggest to never rely on stuff like that. Just learn the armorprofiles of the enemy tanks. It's not gonna take that long. Also: Wich tier 8 are you driving?
