I hate swinging my glaive towards a monster I just caw trip to another source only to hope on its back shortly after. I physically wince whenever I do this. But in the time I do notice in time, I let myself gently fall to the floor to begin my ground assault.
Pigs are just regular pigs though? Kelbi are kinda deer-like and in Primal Forest you can see what I always assume to be flamingos flying around some sections. The alpaca isnt normal because it seems that its actually friendly!
If its on sale, make sure it isn't still higher than the current [amazon price](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Monster-Hunter-Ultimate-Nintendo-3DS/dp/B00LEW3GAO). As for N3DS vs regular. I hope new is XL because you want XL to actually see/appreciate the game. I am currently using a circle pad pro for my 3DSXL and its awesome actually, its much comfier than curling my hands around the 3DSXL on its own. I believe the game saves to the cartridge anyway so if you're planning on getting both MH4U and a New3DS evetually you may as well go for the game NOW GET IT NOW PLAY IT BECAUSE ITS AMAZING
Wandering the lands slaying anything that poses a threat. With my Caravan in tow and every possible piece of equipment crafted, I would no longer be hunting for pleasure or sport. I hunt because I must. I hunt to protect. I hunt so we can carry on living. I am a Monster Hunter.
That's the once I've been using Tigrex is my most hated monster though, so hopefully I can sort myself out and start smashing its face with my sheild.
I would love to have Gog or even Dalam gear but they've never even seen a shaguru :( A good setup I use is 2x required colour, 2x unreal blocking, 1x Skill tech. They block almost everything and the attack is almost always attack \^ I hope my setup helps with info but I don't know any numbers at all.
Not only does it assist with being able to see/aim all of the time. ITS SO COMFY Tried it without and the ds is so tiny in my hands without it. I'm pretty sure the CPP also helps with your hands in ways such of RSI, my i don't get the sharp pain I used to get with mini 3DSXL
Pretty sure the cat swagaxe is a reference to Cheshire cat. Drills, machine sounds, combinations, similarities in armour. Seems a lot like a reference of some sort.
I believe it can swing both way. If both parties are too drunk to make much sense or have total control, whats to stop the male from feeling like they're trapped/have to go along with it? They could both be in the same situation and not want to do it but lack communication and both end up potentially feeling raped.
I Killed my first G-Rank Jho in the episode quest for Cha Cha and Kambaya. Carved my first Crook upon killing it. Solo.
