Their actions show a disregard for human lives, and are entirely self-interested, it's pretty psychopathic.
Well, I think it depends on how much technology is going to change the face of society, and what happens until then. But honestly, print as we know it now is probably going to be a largely vanished medium.
Looks like Chris Evans and Donald Glover.
When you buy debt you don't have any control over that country, you're basically making an investment for yourself. Buying debt is an investment, it basically says, "This country has a good economy and I know they will pay me back". It's when no one wants to invest in your debt that you know things are bad. So people that freak out about China owning US debt don't understand why China is buying. China isn't buying US debt to hurt us, if the US economy tanked China would lose a lot of money and it would be bad for China. Countries owning one another's debt means there is some incentive there for them to make sure both parties are healthy economically so the country who got the loan can pay it back. Also, you can't really just get out of an economic catastrophe by printing more money, i'm kind of being simple with the explanation, but the more money I print the less each dollar is worth, so if I printed 10 billion dollars to fix some debt budget hole, the dollars would be worth less and not be able to fill the hole, so I would be caught in a loop of printing more and more money and being unable to pay everything off.
Usually it is just internal guidelines, and how it makes you feel while watching it. Certain kind of shots are just jarring or make people feel uncomfortable, kind of like why jump-cuts aren't popular, and sometimes it is also just stuff that doesn't make the actor look that flattering. Usually things that are jarring are only done to make a point because they are usually very memorable.
Movies =/= Network television. Also, i'm not saying these suggestions and style guidelines are never broken, just that for most subjects they are inappropriate and avoided for their jarring qualities.
Well most human beings value human lives, but the question is how effective is our aid REALLY? It's not that we shouldn't give aid, it's that a lot of western aid destroys local businesses and makes the economy worse in the country we're dumping our unwanted corn feed and 2nd hand clothing on, all while hurting farmers and the clothing industries in those countries, and doing NOTHING to fix the root causes. We love temporary band-aids that make us feel like heroes. The better things we can do are international debt forgiveness, micro-loans and grants to people building businesses and infrastructure in those countries.
Right I agree, throwing money and supplies that aren't needed at problems don't help people.
The Cloning facilities were disabled during the Clone Wars, by the time of the OT the Empire had started conscripting people and opened academies, the Clone Troopers were almost all gone by then. By this time of the First Order, they has lost most of the Imperial academies, and have taken to pirate raids where they kidnap and brainwash children to fill out their ranks.
Do you just think every writer is identical? Do you think everyone writes identical to 2005 George Lucas? Larry Kasdan has a certain kind of cadance to his writing, read the script to ESB, read the leaked script for TFA. This sounds like no example of his writing that has ever existed. Also at least GL's scripta looked and felt like scripts regardless of the wooden dialogue. It isn't just that the dialogue is weak, it's that this reads like no Star Wars script ever made, and specifically that it sounds like a first semester filmmaking student and not like someone who has been writing screenplays for the last 40 years.
