There's been a new Scarlet Spider for years-- Kaine. And he worked out of Houston. And he was **awesome**. I am not even kidding.
Yeah I saw that TIL too.
&gt; Men want advice, women want someone to listen to them and then validate how they feel (i.e., "man, that's tough, sorry about that!") You had me until here. Even as a generalization this is stupid. In my experience it varies far far more on a person-to-person basis. You'd be amazed how many men I've known were talking to me looking for validation, while how many women were looking for actual constructive help. I have yet to notice either gender which leaned one way or the other. Most people want a mix. Anyone who believes this aphorism is a fool.
Oh sweetie, you don't understand the appeal at all. Doctor Who has always been and always will be really cheesy. Even at its absolute zenith the show is a giant mound of six kinds of blended cheesy ridiculousness. You're essentially saying to someone "don't worry the first season of CSI is dumb but they drop a lot of the nonsense technology after that." You're both straight-up lying to get someone to like your favorite show *and* failing to understand what the show's key appeals even are.
Then he looks like the sex offender too oblivious to realize everyone can see him wearing mirrored glasses indoors unless they exclusively play outside in sunny weather.
Women in a lot of athletic and even professional fields tend to have uniform standards that accent their sexual features to a much greater degree than men. Not every woman minds this and a lot of them enjoy the uniform style and that's good too, but as a standard it should be eyebrow-raising at the least.
Whenever someone points out about how weird it is that women are held to a "sexier" uniform standard than men I'm reminded of--oddly enough--Star Trek. Star Trek has been notorious for literally 50 years now for dressing up its lady characters in provocative outfits relative to the men. Sure a lot of the guys got put into weird sexual outfits too, but it wasn't as common, revealing, and by 1982 in the movies and 1990 on The Next Generation the standard had relaxed enough that men weren't forced to wear the tightest suits possible. The ladies on the other hand.... And that's cool enough. No one is really trying to speak for every woman who was on the show, but notice this-- all the regular cast members who were initially put in tight, revealing eye-catching suits like Troi and Seven of Nine were all much more well-regarded whenever they were put into the standard uniform. They were still unambiguously beautiful and feminine, but now they didn't stand out like a sore thumb around a bunch of comparatively sensibly dressed guys. I bet it was easier to concentrate on set too.
No. You are. I mean that too. You could have just drank alone with your thoughts but you came to us. You're gonna get through this man.
I would trade GRRM for Lemmy, Bowie, and Rickman in a heartbeat, no contest. We might even see more books that way.
Was a kid at the time when this aired-- it was lame then too.
