I worked in one of the McDonald's that was an original test market for the pizzas. We did full size pizza's too. They didn't sell well at all but everyone who worked there loved them. The country ham from breakfast made for one hell of a good pizza topping for my lunch. They also had roast beef sandwiches that were amazing.
Yep. He will end up being the voice in Rey's ear in the next two films. And at some point Luke will get to see him with Obi, Yoda, and Anakin in all his ghostly splendor. And probably will see him say goodbye to Chewie at some point.
Back in college I hung out with a bunch of guys on the college soccer team. One of the guys always said his dad knew the first President Bush. Supposedly managed the communication guys. I and everyone that played on that team figured he was full of shit. Well Bush came to town on a campaign trip and the kid's dad was able to get the whole soccer team to the airport to get a picture with the President. Pretty cool.
Used to do this in High School and College quite a bit. We called it big foot hunting. Stopped after one drunken idiot decided to poor a milk jug full of gasoline in the lake we camped by. And of course a second drunkard threw a burning branch on it to see what would happen. Gasoline floats so ended up with a Lake of Fire. Still can't believe we survived that idiocy.
I found someones iPhone a few years back. Figured out the carrier was AT&amp;T and took it to one of their stores. They should be able to figure out from the phone who it belongs to. Evidently people don't do this as they had no idea what to do with the phone. It was as if I had brought them a rotten fish. Eventually talked to the store manager who seemed to have an idea what to do. Odd experience.
Wire transfers can be somewhat expensive ($15+) to initiate and you probably don't have the persons ABA and DDA with only their CC and Debit cards. Would need that info to do a wire transfer.
Yeah, this would have been an i-Phone that we pre-siri. Also the battery was dead and I didn't have a charging cable handy so couldn't do anything with it.
I had already popped it out and handed it to them with the phone. The phones battery was dead so had to pull the sim to see who the carrier was.
I just bought and brought home my first bike today...knew I would see something on Reddit tonight that makes me second guess the purchase :)
Out of curiosity, what college did you go to? I went to a pretty good engineering school and got out with about $30,000 in debt. Also what ballpark is your salary? What engineering discipline? What region of the country? If you want to climb the salary ladder quickly you will probably need to look at jumping jobs after a few years. Companies don't have a lot of incentive to give employees decent raises, so you will be lucky to keep up with inflation staying at the same place. Depending on the discipline you might want to look into consulting at that point. Consulting has the advantage of generally paying by the hour which gives you the opportunity for overtime. Good luck.
