-t13 (on add phase). -Unlock masterbook II for LWR so that i have 3 crafting jobs at max, ready for specialist. (MBII and Lucis). -After that save up as much gil as possible and watch market.
not stressin to hard about it... Pretty sure *most* of the new recipes will not be added to the "master" tab but instead a new 51-55 / 56-60 tab. But there is a possibility that they throw a bone to people who have suffered through MB's and Main tool grinds and put some higher 5 star + stuff in there so i just wanna make sure i'm ready for it.
Was at it all night last night... my static was really suckin on dps so we keep hitting a wall in the add phase. No doubt this is doable tho.
until you see dem alexander screen shots and your all like damnit...
The main headache with coil is the phases you never make it to for practice like post heavensfall in t9. But they are introducing a practice mode where you can select the specific phase to get better at... that combined with the story mode to introduce people to the basics of the fight will have much more people in the end-game raids.
why a new master tab when you already have three books under one? (MB I and II and demi book) And once we are top tier at level 60 those masterbook 2 items will not be so hard to craft, especially since you only need 3 of em... *and* you need to make nq versions anyways for supra. (whether or not the continue to use the blue main hand will make this a must or useless) anyways it's totally possible.
LOL glad to see that we are all not crazy... whats shitty tho is the world i was building (and still am) is almost the EXACT plot to the movie Interstellar. I mean i knew i was building an entertaining story/universe but damn i didn't know it would be that good if Chris Nolan got behind it lol.
really glad you went outta your way to do this. I remember reading something once about REM being the point in time which your brain sorts out all the shit that happened to you that day and stores the information according to useful (got a promotion today/long term) to not useful (got stuck at 5 red lights otw to work today/short term) Interesting that the norm for chronic smokers is a dodgy memory is supported by this study.
Some of the top people in the fucking DEA are still living in the 1800 when it comes to info on pot. [It's bad because it's drugs and it's illegal because it's bad.](https://youtu.be/sw2wjrsdZSM?t=17) When the eventual wall comes down (prohibition) and more case studies can be conducted... that's when we will really see wtf is happening on the inside because it most certainly has a negative side. Same thing happened with cigs... not even half a century ago everyone was smoking cigarettes everywhere, it was the bees fucking knees! But after the huge wave of studies, information, deaths, so on... we now realize whats really happening. Weed has never had this chance and has only been studied from a biased "how can we keep this illegal" stand point that only warp actual facts (as seen by the idiot who post something they didn't even read and probably walks around town spewing the same bullshit lol)
who are you kidding lol... i smoke almost every day and smoked cigs for about 10 years before i quite those. My ideas are not based off assumption, it's personal experience. I only compare it to cigs in this situation because of the sheer amount of ignorance when cigarettes were at the height of their popularity, much like the ignorance surrounding weed. That doesn't mean i'm saying they are just as dangerous.
