Which movie, just out of curiosity?
SJWs, their games, their ideas, the things they like, the art they want to create...have a right to exist, as much right as anyone else's. But when they seek to censor, to indoctrinate, to propagandize, to lie about games and slander gamers, to circlejerk their friends, blacklist their enemies, shame creators and players, and otherwise try to exert control over the direction of the hobby and related spaces? That. Is. UNETHICAL. It's disgraceful, unfair, unjust, sometimes flat out illegal behavior whether they are doing it in the name of ideology or not. It serves the cause of ethics to oppose this, and it serves the cause of ethics to point out the general lunacy of the people doing it and the things they believe, because those ideas and dogmas are the excuse they use to justify their unethical actions, since to them the ends justify the means. And drawing an arbitrary line that we just don't talk about things like protein world or shirtgate because they're not directly gaming related is shooting ourselves in the foot. These are clear cut, obvious examples of SJW censorship, witch hunting, bias, and general unethical behavior that neutrals and people outside the hobby will understand, and they are useful tools to expose the general mentality and tactics of our opposition without having to catch everyone up on the history of GG and complex gamer issues. Ultimately, these "off topic" SJW events SERVE THE CAUSE of ethics in gaming by helping to expose the same group of bad actors who are poisoning our industry to serve their political purposes. This is not TIA, it's not about just posting stupid things they say and laughing at them. But their efforts at censorship and all the rest of the bad shit they're also trying to do to gaming? That's relevant even when they're doing it in other spaces because it serves as a useful example, and maybe even lessons we can take and apply in gaming, like the way protein world stood up to them, that's a lesson devs could learn from, and we should be trying to teach it.
Going on a tropical vacation is my safe space! I'm totally not privileged at all!
They never backed off on paid mods? But...they took the system down and admitted they messed up?
Don't waste 10 grand on some stupid prank, whatever you do with it Milo, put it towards something actually worthwhile, a charity, bees as someone suggested, or maybe some sort of pro-gamergate campaigning.
If Valve wants to release a paid modding system for one of their own games...well how's that different from steam workshop stuff in DOTA or team fortress? I mean, I'm not against the idea of paid mods in principle, some mods are truly professional quality stuff that deserves to make money, and WOULD make money if not for copyright issues. I just think Valve implemented the system in a very bad way the first time, lopsided rev share, no consumer protections, all sorts of potential for companies to abuse it... This refund system is at least the FIRST building block towards amending policies so that paid mods COULD be a viable system in the future. I'm just afraid their first attempt might have so badly poisoned the well people will now be paranoid.
I like the comment "Gamergate people will think anyone is GamerGate if they talk about da ethics and da industry". How do you rationalize that statement with believing ethics is a smokescreen for harassing wymynz?
The narrative seems to be starting to crack in vidya, maybe the rest of the world isn't far behind.
To McIntosh, facial expression is just not good enough, he outright says so. This game is a triumph of facial mo-cap, Geralt's face (and really everybody's) is super expressive, but it's not a "real" show of emotion to this guy unless he breaks down in tears, wailing in angst and tearing his clothes like a tantruming five year old. And he somehow thinks that including something in a game is endorsing it. Geralt literally can't cry, his mutations have somehow damaged his tear ducts, this has lead people to believe that Witchers are emotionless, leading to fear and suspicion of them, and pigeonholing Geralt into a very narrow social role against which he chafes. If anything, that's an open CONDEMNATION by the game of the idea of "compulsory male stoicism", but I guess that's too subtle for McIntosh. Here's a thought Jon, maybe if you don't think anyone should "talk over" women about feminism, you should leave discussions of masculinity to people who actually have some.
They're TRYING to offend you, that's the POINT! It's like going to the heart attack grill and complaining there was no diet food!
