Sorry I'm late getting back to this, but I haven't heard of anything to indicate that Avengers is in the Buffyverse.
I saw a picture of this in the wild quite a while ago. Don't recall if it was here, or on Opposite Lock.
The Guns N' Roses Appetite For Destruction cassette tape smells glorious. It's one of the greatest smells ever, a bit musky, but not overwhelming. I have no idea if that cassette was infused with this smell, or if it was a part of the manufacturing process or what, but I kept my copy just for the smell.
You might be surprised to learn that these are reasonably common in the Midwest and other parts of the US, where these kinds of vehicles can be classified as ATVs. Farmers and ranchers love them because they've got a vehicle that they can put hay into, a newborn calf, feed etc and still drive it on local roads and highways. Laws very from state to state, so check your DMV before purchasing one for yourself.
That's a pretty ballin' bike to be commuting on. Looks like a full carbon fiber Trek Madone.
Washburn Taurus T25 has a pretty narrow neck and plays nicely too. Source: I just bought my first 5 string. I played a bunch of other 5 strings, and actually wanted a really wide neck as I have big hands, but this one just felt perfect in my hands.
Yeah it is. It's OCLV carbon frame and fork. Notice the lack of welds around the head tube, that's because these are bonded carbon fiber tubes. Source: used to work at a bike shop and I'm familiar with lots of frames and frame materials.
Found a really nice used Washburn Taurus T25 in a guitar shop in Iowa over the weekend. http://i.imgur.com/iwdOHhf.jpg It's my first neck thru bass, and it's also my first 5 string, so there's a bit of adjustment going on, but I'm really liking it. Feels like a much more expensive guitar than it is. Very pleased.
Because they're easier to drive out on farms and small places on a farm or ranch.
I usually use a gravel grinder bike, or even a city style hybrid bike, as the geometries are usually a bit slacker, which means the bike is easier to handle. Flat handlebars usually give the rider better sightlines while riding too. There's nothing wrong with using a road bike as a commuter bike, but they tend to be a bit squirrely on rough roads and are also a target for thieves. Well, all bikes are for that matter. :(
