It was the Wind Fish's dream. So when it awoke, they ceased to exist.
Also, Ivalice continues to exist, he just makes the kids leave it. It's also implied that they can travel back and forth if the post game is canon. So it's more like Marche just wanted his friends to accept that that wasn't their world, rather than abandon it for their shitty lives.
The official timeline ruined the really comfy head canon that I had concerning that. I had convinced myself that Wind Waker &gt; Hourglass &gt; then Oracles/Awakening interchangeably, all with the same link from WW, because why else would he be sailing around?
By a Japanese(-American) guy, as a modern spin on a Japanese custom. Surely they'd be considered Japanese as well.
China is a massive country, which more region differences than you can count, and a storied history filled with more change than most other countries. To suggest that there is no true Chinese equivalent of modern Ameri-Chinese foods is nonsense. There's a fun buzzfeed video where Chinese and Chinese Americans eat Panda Express. Most of the video is Chinese Americans claiming that the food is bullshit and nothing like China, while the older generations' opinions are mixed from "awful", "this is really close", to "this is great, just like home" - orange chicken in particular is dismissed by a kid while an older man says that it would be accepted by the Chinese. What someone from one locale of China can find alien, another may find spot on.
I haven't read the article, but when I worked with kids they seemed like the only group that unanimously liked long hair on men. Even the ones that said I looked like a girl would follow it up with saying that it was cool.
I think I made my initial point unclear. I don't mean to call if specifically one or the other. It can be both American and something else. Fortune cookie, strong Japanese influence, geographically invented in America and adapted to American tastes. I'd say it's both, because on one hand it's strongly based on the dish of another culture, while made in the US. It detracts from the other side to name it one. As for the burger, I don't even know that back ground entirely, but the same logic applies to me. Maybe I'm stupid
I'm going to say something that probably makes me a terrible person, but this video with police showcases a lot more problems than the other recent outcries against cops. While the events that led in deaths earlier this year escalated further than they should of, while the officers involved could and should have handled it differently, perspective is key and a lot of people choose to just see it as cops casually assaulting and gunning down kids. Whereas here, that's actually fucking happening. They're throwing down girls who are doing nothing but sitting on the ground and getting scared, they're guns drawn chasing people who were trying to protect the former. I don't think all cops are bad or racist but Christ this video shows that we need to be more vigilant concerning who gets not just a gun but a badge. People should respect and trust the law and those that represent it, but in turn the law and those that represent it should respect them. Fuck this Judge Dredd noise.
This is an interesting comment to me. Posters in the US, and western Europe, and to a lesser extent the rest of the world, are quick to shut down the US for it's bases as nothing but bad militant imperialism, but surely it offers some benefit for the host counties.
No you don't. Her arranging for his murder doesn't mean he couldn't have been suicidal. It's possible for both to exist. Suicidal people can still be murdered. Yes, he may have killed himself, but you don't have to ignore that possibility to also consider that he may have also been the victim of a drug addict looking for a way to her next fix.
