Lol moron, I bet you didn't follow Madrid in all those years in order to make such a dumb claim. They were good signings.
2011-13 for two years he was very good and on track to reach world class status. Real Madrid was heavily rumored to have achieved a deal in summer of '13 to sign him in summer of '14 but they opted out of it later. As soon as the '13-'14 season started, the back injury happened which was very weird and didn't allow him to play at all for 1year+. He returned this season mid October and he had a relatively full season. He didn't perform that well, though it's hard to say if that was on him or the team underperforming in general. In my eyes it's a low risk high reward signing. Won't cost much, it might work wonders or be totally pointless like Hleb.
Your quote: &gt; Wasted so much money on shit transfers. The players that were brought shown in the image were good signings. David Beckham for 35 mil ? Are you serious ? He was at least a very good player if not world class and he's been the most marketable player in football history. Enormous return of investment potential. The transfer policy overall was definitely shit since we were buying players we didn't need, selling others that were vital, having shit coaches etc. Perez' first term rapidly became a total shitshow but the signings shown in the picture were good. Figo, Makelele, Beckham, Samuel, Ramos, Robinho, Ronaldo, Benzema, Alonso, Di Maria, Ozil, Isco, Carvajal all great players.
Τhe transfer policy was definitely shit in Perez' first term but I think it's been very good in his second term. I agree with the rest, despite signing good players from the summer of 2003 and onwards with the departure of Del Bosque, Makelele and Hierro things went downhill very fast. My initial argument was about the signings themselves, they were good. Everything around them was bad though so the club suffered. I just wanted to make that distinction clear cause it's important and it's hard for newer fans to notice it.
Don't worry about it, I was also extra aggressive for no good reason. I think Bale's history in England and his first season with Madrid justified Perez/Ancelotti starting him so much. He's a very high quality player that for unknown reasons couldn't perform to his standards this season. Isco this season was 6th in minutes played and 3rd in appearances. Last season he also had similar numbers meaning that in two years in Madrid he's been a core player rarely ever sitting out. All that as he just got 23 years old so don't hear what others like to say, Isco has not been hurt at all, on the contrary he's played extraordinarily a lot cause of circumstances. Jese sure got shafted this season but I don't think it was the wrong move. He didn't convince at all in his few appearances and sure, Bale was doing bad too but at least Bale is Bale, when he's having a bad game there's a chance he'll make something magical like last year's finals.
So when people accuse repeatedly Iker for being a rat with zero proof no one should do something about it ? How is that fair ? I agree that what happens behind locked doors shouldn't be leaked but if it does and it's lies then someone has to set the record straight or at least try.
Αre those tattoos on Messi permanent ones ?
Not only reach agreement, they can't even negotiate contracts with them.
It's meh. Anyone with decent football history knowledge though understands the difference between european cup and champions league. The difference is practically only in name as nothing else changed. The important list is european cup and champions league combined. Gento leads that one with 6 titles, an incredible record that only Messi has a somewhat decent chance to equalise or even break. If he doesn't make it, I think no one will. Behind him there's like 8 players from Real Madrid's legendary squad that won five in a row and Costacurta and Maldini that lived through a lot of Milan's golden periods. Then there are a few more RM players from the old days and the more recent magnificent Seedorf. After that, there are dozens with 3 and that's the jump that Xavi, Iniesta, Messi and Pique can make tomorrow.
Nope. From 1992 that was the last year as european cup to 1993 that was the first year as Champions League, literally nothing was different. The exact same format with only champions entering. The change you are referring to happened quite a bit later in 1998 where multiple teams per country started competing and overall the format became similar to what it's been for almost 20 years now. So to come back to my initial point, the name change from European Cup to Champions League was just that, a name change. Thus separating it as two different eras is wrong. Only reason it happens is because it suits the media's needs for pointless records etc.
