And best available year round? Furious.
I'm one of those ex Navy nuke guys, and I'm a generation dispatcher for an ISO. Is describing the job in that much detail a reaction to how you've never met anyone outside of work who even knows we exist? It's a habit for me too.
&gt; max my 401k up to company's matching program; First of all, if I were you, I'd bump this up to $18k/yr, the legal max. It sounds like you have extra money you don't know what to do with, and already max your IRA. &gt; I drive a 12-year old car &gt; I've decided to spend $20K all-in over the next 3 years on a new, leased bmw. I love cars. I love driving them; I love working on them. I don't think that going out and leasing one "just because" is a good idea though. You said you don't live in the city, but how much time do you spend in your car every day? I've had a BMW, and I absolutely understand the appeal of one, but why not go buy a 5-year old one with cash? &gt; save and invest so you can have a lot of money! -- if i fast forward 20 years, won't that advice still be the same? No, because if you do it, you'll have a lot of money, and if you choose, you can live off of investment returns. [If you save 50% of your income, you'll never need to work again after just 17 years.](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/) &gt; When will the advice ever change to SPEND MONEY AND LIVE YOUR LIFE, YOU IGNORAMUS? Here, on this sub? Probably never. You absolutely should spend a little on fun things. But going out and purposefully making poor financial decisions just because you never have before? Why would you do that? &gt; I often feel guilty when I do buy something (e.g. I bought a $1,200 watch for my mom's 60th birthday, which she loves &amp; wears every day, but even now I feel a bit guilty spending that much on something, even if it is for my mom (stingy much?)). Honestly, that's ok. I wouldn't call you stingy at all. What can a $1200 watch do that a $200 watch can't do? &gt; I hate that people are brainwashed into saving for the future, but then when the future comes and they're "financially independent" -- they're still shackled and bound. I'm confused by this. What are they shackled and bound by? If you have enough money that you can live comfortably until you die, you can do whatever you want, no shackles. If you dont, by the time you want to retire, it simply means you haven't been saving enough. &gt; I'd rather live better when I'm young and cut back when I'm old tired and useless to society. Why do you have to retire when you're old and tired? I will retire when I'm 45. Check out /r/financialindependence.
&gt; 1. Improve current home- The home we live in needs a lot of work. What kind of work does it need? You've been able to live in it for four years already, it sounds like it's in a liveable condition and not falling apart or unsafe. Personally, I'd put the $100k towards your mortgage (or, any debt with a higher interest rate than it first). How much do you owe on your current house? If you then continue to make normal payments and invest for school as you had originally planned, you'll meet your goals much sooner. *Then* do your renovations if you still want to.
If anything, I personally think you should spend a *smaller* percentage on rent as your income increases. The law of diminishing returns applies to your apartment as much as it does to the rest of your life. If you got a job tomorrow that doubled your paycheck, would you go out as soon as your lease is up and double your rent?
&gt; "starter" checks below 500 That's crazy. I write ~2 checks a month, and I imagine most people write that many or less, for rent and one bill that for some reason won't get on board with the newfangled internet contraption. At that rate, it would take me 20 years to go through 500 checks.
&gt; maybe I am just to selfish to see otherwise. That's my gut reaction, honestly. &gt; my parents have decided that it is time for me to start paying rent. It's your choice. Do you want to pay your parents $400/month, or take a chance trying to live on your own? Do you contribute to paying the utilities? On your own, you're looking at (on top of rent) another few hundred for electricity, gas, water, sewer, trash, cell phone, internet, etc, etc. &gt; paying $400 dollars of rent each month takes a large portion of my salary. is it over 30%, after taxes? If so, maybe you need to talk to them about lowering it, but if not, it's completely fair. &gt; IMO the ideal situation would be to convince them that it is not good for either of us if I pay rent But this simply isn't true. It would not be good for them if you stopped paying. Not only that, but they paid for your education.
&gt; It is livable and not unsafe. If I can make a suggestion: Throw up a coat of paint, for now. I bought a house with all original fixtures and decoration from 1977, except some new appliances. We originally wanted to do a lot work, but just painting every room more modern colors and painting all the trim and doors white has changed the whole feel of the house, and now it feels like we can wait a long time before we might want to do more major work. Maybe $250 total on paint and supplies? I'd do this first, and see if you feel like you need to do more. I also updated the light fixtures, ceiling fans, and outlets/switches, but that was only another $300 or so. Spend $500 before you make a decision on what to do with $100k.
Wait, your head would grow back? Would that form a new consciousness? Wouldn't your body grow back from your head?
I'm not pro-life either, but those people make me irrationally angry for another reason: If I honestly believed that abortion was the actual murder of babies, and it was being conducted on the scale that it is, I wouldn't stop at lame protests in front of womens' health centers. I would be doing everything in my power to get it to stop. I don't think most people on that side of the issue actually believe what they're spewing.
