If allowed by the car loan provider, I would also pay down the loan right away. It will probably save you on interest. Alternatively: an FDIC or NCUA insured savings account.
A 401k is not an IRA. Is the money in a 401k or in an IRA?
I would put some money in a 529. Maybe down the road she can get a heart transplant, maybe not even from another human-being but from her own cells. So, maybe also as a symbol of hope, I would open the 529 and put some money in. Otherwise, I wouldn't do a lot of other things. Keep saving for your retirement, keep the emergency fund at $30k, pay the co-pays.
I don't know how much the services of a CPA cost exactly, but I would say that for this particular year, with all these changes, it could very well be worth it. Maybe then from next year onwards, you can switch again to doing them yourself.
If both debts have roughly a 18% interest rate, then reducing that to 12% would be great (if there were no other fees for the consolidation process). If you have debts with very different interest rates, and the new rate you get after consolidation is the weighted average of the old ones, then consolidating probably increases the total amount of interest that you'll pay (consolidation can then still be a bit useful to make loans easier to manage, especially if you can consolidate 5+ different loans into one). Why you'll pay more interest? Imagine that you have $1k at 18% interest rate and $1k at 6% interest rate, and they offer you a consolidation rate with 12% interest rate. That's the weighted average, so that seems fair. But what that does, is that you lose the ability to first focus on the $1k at the 18% interest rate, and then be only left with a remaining balance at a much lower interest. Instead, you'll pay 12% during the whole duration of the pay-off process.
You're welcome. Perhaps you can wait a few more months, and during those months work on consolidating your side-income and on reducing your expenses? And on getting used to the idea of becoming self-employed...
I would like to help. But I have a few questions: What do you mean by "Have a job, but only half a year."? Did you get that job half a year ago, or do you mean you can only work it during six months of the year? (You can edit your post) What kind of annual (posttax/ takehome) income do you have with your current job (to see whether it could be possible for you to pay for transport etc)?
Sure. By the way, I saw your edit. I want to wish you good luck. You're still pretty young, and I've seen more people here, and in real life, who are trying to find their way in life at that age. Sometimes the first education doesn't work out, or for example (a friend of mine) got educated and then got an illness that prevented her from doing the job that she wanted to do and was educated to do. Sucks! Often it works out in the end (not always, but often). People find some work to do and often also develop within that new career. I hope that will be the case for you as well. Work hard, try to grasp opportunities, try to develop yourself. And I wish you the bit of luck that is needed as well.
Definitely check out the links that the AutoModerator provided. If you do not have any late payments or delinquent or defaulted debts, then your utilization rate currently is killing you. This will improve quickly once you reduce your debt load. Your new debt load is reported within a month, and then the credit score also changes to reflect the new utilization rate (debts divided by total possible debt). So you should see an increase of your score within a few weeks, every time you improve that utilization rate.
Then your current high utilization rate is influencing your score big-time. And that will improve soon after you start paying down your debts. By the way - have you checked your credit report recently? You can get a free credit report in Canada, I believe; don't know how exactly. You could check it to make sure there are no errors on it.
