Does that spikey gelled hair of the late 90's- early 00's count? I did that in late elementry to early middle school. And I had a few pairs of baggy cargo pants too.
Really? I'm New Jersey but have been living in the Tampa Bay Area for the last 10 years. Before this season 90% of people I knew claimed to hate hockey or say its a Canadian sport and thought I was strange for liking Hockey over basketball or not following college football. (Which I swear is bigger than the NFL here). Now everyone is a bolts fan in the area. In away though its a good thing, hopeful the hockey playing population grows and maybe we will get an Ice Rink that's actually in Tampa. (I believe they are building one just north of Tampa).
Dade City too. Plenty of Confederate Flags everywhere. It was a culture shock first time I went there.
/u/mlennox is that picture behind your back pack in picture 4 this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seC63AEk4-8
I want to fly one day just like your Grandfather! Do you know what aircraft that is? Its hard to tell by simply the exterior of the cockpit. I'm going to guess F-8.
I'm not even a big NFL fan I watch a Giants game when I get one and that's it. Playing football is fun but I honestly always thought watching it was kind of slow. I'm weird, prefer Baseball and Hockey, always have. A lot of people down here tell me baseball is boring. In the Northeast, Baseball is actually bigger than Football. I guess I could be hanging out with the wrong crowds. Everyone I know who likes or plays hockey in the area is from out of state like me. I'm glad hockey is growing in Florida not sure if it will ever reach the level of popularity in the Northeast or Great Lakes states but its growing.
I know I have this card laying around somewhere http://s19.photobucket.com/user/spyboy1/media/TSG%20Blog/Lindrosfuturesuperstarcard.jpg.html
NOT true... This guy owns a giant panda https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFDUOfRXP_k
"Did ya here, DiMaggio hit a home run last night?" "Yeah, I listened to it last night, right before I climbed into bed with the old lady."
Curious what high schools in the area have hockey teams? I graduated in 2010 and I didn't know any did. I knew at Brandon they had high school age hockey but don't remember any official high school teams. The Tampa Bay Skating Academy only seems to list High School Age hockey on its website but not a mention of official high school hockey either. Tampa is growing but I personally going to head out west somewhere after college and the military. Owning landing and housing are way way way to expensive in the area. Not as bad as New Jersey but still expensive. Edit: Looks like there are some official high school hockey teams in Tampa. I lived just outside of Tampa and my High School and most of the ones in my area don't have hockey teams.
