&gt; Occasional use of a "night cap", usually a single glass of Scotch (not a huge one, probably only 4oz? FWIW, while this may help one fall asleep, it may also decrease sleep quality, so I wouldn't really recommend it in general because the disadvantage outweighs the benefit for most people. In any case I don't think it's a good idea to rely on any kind of substance as a sleep aid, as you may come to depend on it. Alcohol also relaxes your muscles, including the ones in your mouth, which makes you more prone to snoring, or worse, sleep apnea. Personally, I try to avoid alcohol in the 2-3 hours before going to bed. Mainly because it makes me snore and bothers my spouse. I have no metrics on the quality of my sleep with or without alcohol.
I didn't like Highland Park at first but I've come around. At least for the 12yo. I haven't tried anything else. Apparently this is different, though. Would you say it's closer to a typical Islay whisky, or closer to Highland Park's signature floral and gently peated style, or something squarely in-between, or altogether different? Would love to try some somehow before buying an $80+ bottle.
That sounds appealing. Thanks!
That's a reasonable question to which I don't know the answer, but I could ask someone handling the regulatory side of things to see if she knows anything.
We're an energy/utility company, so I'm sure we wouldn't be the first, but yeah, I don't really know where to go to find out how our competitors have done it. I will ask our regulatory specialist, she might have a clue.
Thanks for the reply. That's what I found out as well but it didn't hurt to double check. Unfortunately the SMS is specifically not an option, we asked. It's not really a choice, it's a state regulation. You know how government can be stubborn. Our business people have actually been fighting this for about a year, or so I'm told (again -- today was the first time I heard about this), so it sounds like we haven't gotten anywhere with convincing that state's government that SMS is as good an option.
Not really, and definitely nobody in that state, which is not the state where I work :)
This looks like it's just for the browser, but perhaps it would suffice on Android devices, I'll look into it more.
Dunno. I tried looking for the text of the regulation but it's either hard to find or not public domain. I imagine it is public domain since it affects energy utilities, but who knows... I think I'm going to have to sit down with our regulatory compliance person and brainstorm a little. It would be helpful if I could read the language of the regulation.
Switzerland here, although I've been living in the US for 8 years now. Things I'd want in Switzerland: Amazon Prime, and convenient store hours. In Switzerland basically everything closes after 6-7 PM, many things are closed on Saturdays, everything is closed on Sundays, and sometimes things that are open on Saturdays are closed on Mondays because the owners want to make up for Saturdays. On the flipside, though, those business hours make working retail less of a nightmare, it's a more humane environment to work in and I get that. I don't work in retail though, and I like convenient things. I guess I'd miss Wawa if I went back to Switzerland, too, but no biggie.
