Because people want to complain about graphics like it's not expensive to do, and they want a "Next Gen" game.
I love Proko... I just don't want to pay for his premium lessons without knowing the quality... Kinda like Gnomon Workshop. Sure, they are amazing artist, but most of them are crap as teachers. They really just sell videos of them just doing, rather than them teaching.
It's a CRPG... not really an RPG. These games are usually designed where your character creation choices won't matter. But... I am curious. Why would you think that you'd be treated special for a Death Godlike Monk? It is still a Kith, which means that it's one of the known races that are human. And hell... the entire game is set in a time of magic, soul stealing storms, has it's own dragon graveyard, elves, and where everyone knows the term "Fifty Shades of Hell". Not because of a book. But because any type of shadow in a large group is just a party murderer. You would think that they would just shrug if they see a Baalgur demon fighting four adventurers in their fountain butt naked... much less of concern a Death Godlike. [Even this is a common sight to peasants](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/bd/21/86/bd218611ffa5687dc784325e7af68d43.jpg) [and this more so...](http://i.imgur.com/DDqayEs.gif)
Mmm... if it wasn't for the fact that Unity does a damn good job in the mobile market, I don't think Unity would be a developers first choice when compared to much better engines.
Don't forget living skeletons and Kobol-I mean Xauntrips.
Getting past the DR can go a long ways... I think the dragons have low resistance to Piercing (Drakes did anyways... and there's hardly a difference between the two). So getting pikes, spears, and stilettos may help you a lot. Don't bother with rifles. But pistols, crossbows (both with reload perks), and bows can also help. Blunderbuss works great if you can put down raw damage. Other wise arcabus. But this game can actually be incredibly unfair in certain fights. And so far... there's only two fights I know of in this game where there is an alternative way to handle it. Certain people who found that cheesing it one way will not work for everyone. Stock up on Endurance Potions, and Endurance Regeneration potions. use Endurance regeneration potions when the dragon begins to focus on one of your characters. Use Endurance Potions when your HP is low. And use them EARLY. Don't use it at the last second. It might not look it, but the passive auras really stack up as you add them on, and they are pretty much always active. There's not a lot of spells that I know of for the wizard that will do any good against a dragon. I found that bosses stats are usually high enough where you run the risk of missing a hard CC pretty often. Some fights are literally just a DPS race. One thing that I learned in the first ten minutes of the game, is that compared to DnD, this game's weapon system is pretty damned tactical. Smaller and simpler weapons deal more damage over time than larger weapons. But larger weapons deal more damage over time to heavily armored opponents. So... if you got a rogue with dual daggers.... you'll want to see if he can backstab with a Pike, or better yet, get in close with the Arcabus, or the wheeled Crossbow. The higher damage will punch past the DR. And the 2m Backstab range will give you +150% damage. If you still have that stronghold's wand, and you got it pretty leveled, it's pretty damn good at saving your ass. The domination spell will affect just about anything. But it runs down pretty quickly. If you see it proc, use that moment of respite to position yourself and get some spells or traps set up. Positioning also means a lot too...
I'm a newer player, and let me tell you this. The "L2P" crap is more annoying than you think. Especially when someone is playing this game blind on their first play through with Expert Mode on. And then learning that this game has made some wonky decisions to how combat works. Especially when you don't have the same luxeries as everyone else did. [Linky](http://i.imgur.com/wqUIkt5.jpg) Not saying that his team comp isn't garbage. But even with a good team comp, this game tends to skull f*ck you with overwhelming numbers featuring leveled mobs with stellar deflection and DR. Like a fight with 24 skeletons all at once at level 6. And you can't swap your weapons on the fly... nor do you have access to stash when ever.
Yeah I have second wind, but the delays on it means that it needs to be popped early. And yeah, it's literally only the overwhelming crap that's giving me problems. 50 shades of hell (a f*ck ton of shadows). The Bone train (F*ck ton of skeletons). Raedrics horrible 9(sic). A large mess of spiders (even the little guys are packing heat). The whole pulling a few at a time does not work. Apparently the way this game i set up is that if a member of a squad gets pulled, they all get pulled.
&gt;&gt;i never walk into a room that isnt cleared, 1 scout to check for traps and get a rough mob count/type. Preaching to someone who already knows that. :P long time DnD and CRPG player. Also while I don't mind having two wizards... given the way that a good deal of magic in this game behaves, and the lack of a decent number of spell casts... that just seems utterly pointless to me, and I'm ok with having just one. A lot of the times I actually use him to cast spells are just situational. If you are running off to go rest after every major rough fight, that seems like a very inefficient way to do things.
You can get away with average might. The way it works is that every point above 10 gets +3% damage AND healing modifiers. Every point below 10 reduces it by -3%. A high might will help tremendously, and mostly with the larger weapons where the difference can be seen a bit better. If you choose to go low might, it'll probably help to keep a weapon with more throughput and DR reduction. But it wouldn't stop you from using war hammers for trying to punch through shit with absurd DRs. A High Intellect is a bit over kill on a paladin unfortunately. Intellect affects Magic AOEs. However, because a pally is most likely to stay near it's allies, it does not need to be all that high. Perception is ALWAYS helpful. High Accuracy can potentially offset low damage. But for how low might can go... I'd say that I wouldn't drop any lower than -9% which is a might of 7. You'll need to play against the enemies DRs though. It's a shame this game doesn't take into concideration the murder stroke with swords.... or the fact that a Dagger is good for both slashing and piercing.
