I'm going to show this to my guitar students. "Better practice hard or you'll be replaced by Lego robots."
I used to have insomnia - and still do some nights. These are some of the things that worked for me: * Brush teeth and change into pajamas at least an hour before going to bed. Some people learn to associate brushing teeth with waking up in the mornings, and feel more alert afterwards. * Make a quick list of things to do the next day. Make sure there's a pad and pen beside the bed. * Always have at least two alarm options - phone, watch, alarm clock etc. Some people worry about sleeping in so much that they can't sleep. * Phase in sleep. Don't shut off the TV and expect to fall asleep right away, you can't do it. Transition into quiet. TV off at least half an hour before bed. If you read, all other lights should be off. Get a reading light dimmer, and about 15 minutes go to a lower setting. Your eyes will strain a little harder and will want to close. * Give yourself some time after the lights are out to think about things. I like to think about snowboarding through powder or riding my bike through a forest. I don't think about my day, about work, about tomorrow, or anything that can get me riled up. That's my time. * I don't worry about closing my eyes. If I'm relaxed, they'll close on their own. * If I can't fall asleep I try to figure out why. Is there something I need to write down? Is there a noise I'm not used to? A light that's distracting me? Do I have to pee? Even something small, like the fact that my pajamas are twisted, will keep me up. Like I said, these things work for me. I hope they can work for you.
You can probably sleep on planes, trains and automobiles too, you bastard!
I actually think it's brilliant in a meta art sense. There's always a larger commentary being made in an art project this big, and the fact that these images were effectively stolen is part of that message. There's the whole "living in public" social media angle, the voyeurism angle, the "authentic private moment made public" angle, the copyright angle, the question of whether we own anything in the Internet age including our own image, as well the beauty of taking something transitory and almost meaningless like an Instagram post and turning into a lasting work of art. I'd really like to hear from the artist. I'd also like it if the artist, his point made, gave half the money to the original owners of the photos.
Yep. Should have replaced Jon. I have no idea who the new guys is, but John Oliver was a perfect choice.
If only America went after wall street criminals with as much vigor as they go after steroid users in baseball, refs who rig NBA games, corrupt European soccer officials, NCAA football championship designations, etc.
My Dark Souls Dream: When you complete the game the first time, you get to enter the bodies of NPCs in the game - random undead and creatures. You can't go out of a given area, but can attack other players as they come through the area. If you complete the second time, you get to come back as a lesser boss. If you complete the game a third time, you get to come back as a bigger boss. Eventually you can play as any character, earning the souls you steal and adding them to your own.
Shitty spelling aside, what is it with Americans - especially the right, but not entirely - vilifying the politicans they disagree with to such idiotic extremes. Obama is Hitler. Obama is a secret radical Muslim. Obama is coming for your guns! Obama is a socialist. Obama is bringing in Sharia law in the U.S. Obama is a traitor. Obama is a dictator. Obama is Illuminati. Obama is a lizard. Obama is the Antchrist. It's natural to dislike politicans from parties you don't support, but I can't think of any democracies where dislike amps up into such intense, polarized, unreasoning, unrepetent hatred! You don't like a politician, you vote them out. It's not some some endless battle of good vs. evil where the soul of a nation is at stake, it's a four year term at the head of a massive bureaucracy with a ridiculous number of checks and balances, followed by another four year term.
Thanks for that!
MK8 wasn't available for download yet, while MK7 and Super Mario 3D were the same price.
