&gt; If you're going to call your game Fire Emblem, make it Fire Emblem. I file this in the same section as "this game/series is dead". It's just a false statement(most of the time), and frankly, keeping the core gameplay and adding more "waifu simulator" stuff isn't a huge departure.
&gt; personality may have even come as an afterthought Looking at her angry face, I doubt it.
Some really fantastic villains in this one but the Demon King is pretty meh, more of a plot device then a villain.
I applaud you for your effort, I agree with you on somethings, disagree with others. I thought you were on point some times, other times I thought you were unfair. Which is to be expected in a series like this, aptly named "hard look". And the world needs more Fire Emblem centered stuff like this. But, I've got to defend my main man Zephiel here, and I remember the post from /u/Goldenmapleleaf. "The thing is, that information is nowhere in Sword of Seals." Most of it is. Guinevere specifically tells Roy about how much Desmond hated Zephiel(who just wanted to make him proud) and how he tried to have him killed. &gt;Roy: “Decided to kill King Zephiel…?” &gt;Guinevere: “At a banquet, our father gave Zephiel a poisoned drink from his own hands. And that was the first and last cup that Zephiel took from our father. After returning to his room, Zephiel started to get sick. For ten days and nights, Zephiel lingered between life and death. But Murdock, Zephiel’s teacher and loyal general, saved his life.” &gt;Roy: “…The former king never did anything after that?” &gt;Guinevere: “No… But I have heard that he had plans to get rid of Murdock and Zephiel’s mother as traitors. He was scheming to murder them all along with Zephiel. After hearing that, Zephiel made believe that he was dead. Our father then checked the coffin to confirm Zephiel’s death. At that moment, Zephiel rose up from the coffin and…with his sword…” Also, the game shows various traitors and villainous men in power. &gt; Zephiel: Humans… Humans are filthy. They flock to those with power and would not think twice about betraying trusted allies to obtain more power. You must have witnessed numerous traitors in your travels. Am I right?” Roy doesn't even respond to this. He gives a good ole "...". And to top that all off, the humans unwittingly caused the Ending Winter. They also instigated the Scouring, but that's a FE7 add-on. Either way, I think Zephiel has a fairly compelling argument, you just have to read between the lines a little bit. Which is fairly common for FE villains.
Yep. Fire Emblem: If, will more then likely come to the US. FE x SMT, maybe*. It's regular gameplay is like the old ones, but they have this player housing thing going on and that's what this trailer is highlighting.
Well there's no reason that New Mystery didn't come to the west, but it looks like you are right. It's slated for release in Europe, although a NA release date has not been announced.
So are they just going to add the bat-cloak in with effects? If they are, it's probably not a bad idea.
&gt; You had games that were high on both production value and creativity. You can find that in almost any era. I say SNES to it's death at the hands of the N64. You got Genesis and some of it's basterd children as well as the beginning of the PS1. Super Metroid, Super Mario World, Link to the Past, Chrono Trigger, Secret of Mana, Fire Emblem non english, Star Fox, Sonic, Shining Force, Golden Axe, Final Fantasy, Castlevania, Rayman, your various arcade games and their ports, your sports games like Super Tecmo Bowl and other classics like Megaman X. No offense, but you can do a lot better with your list of games. Even if you only played PS2 you should have more on it just from that system. Not to mention the amount of carbon copy fps's there are on those systems. There's some amazing games from that time but it was one of the worst times for over saturation of shitty games. So much of the PS2 library, for example, is drek, even though it's got major classics. And the 80's weren't just neon lights and campiness... And to each his own. I think there's a good argument for gen 6, but it's not going to be made focusing on only one of the consoles like so many are doing in this thread.
&gt; Now when innovation is still happening, and the medium is still evolving and changing. And it hasn't been before? I mean, none of the things you listed matter if the games suck, and while they don't for the most part, that's what really matters. Either way, I think the question is more like, "what time period had the best series of games?" rather then giving the present credit because it has every game ever made under it's belt.
That's just the angle you are seeing it at... It's clearly shown as a strap in other pictures. I mean, it just looks like a case of bad drawing to me, but it can't be that. It has to be IS and their super duper fan service right?
