Ive been reading and posting a lot over in r/sandersforpresident. Some of the antifeminist/feminism-critical stuff I say gets downvoted. Some of it gets upvoted. There are definitely people there who apparently can't fathom the idea of a progressive who's against feminism, and from the votes, I'd guess there are other people who can easily separate the two.
Testosterone increases risk tolerance. If you're inclined to be aggressive, but also inhibited by fear of consequences, testosterone may make those inhibitions affect you less, thus resulting in aggressive outward behavior - but it didn't cause the aggressive inclination to begin with.
She was against gay marriage before she was for it.
&gt; "but big government is bad." I bet he doesn't want cuts to police or defense spending, though.
&gt; Do the democratic politicians have some kind of obligation to support Clinton over Sanders or what? Nothing legal, just politics inside the party. Since Clinton is the presumptive nominee, no one wants to be the one supporting her challenger.
As I said the first time this was posted, Bernie is clearly the guy for unions. They question is, are they actually going to back him, or are they going to sit on the fence and play coy until they're stuck with Hillary, then settle for endorsing her because she's the Democrat even though she won't do much for labor? Organized labor, of all people, should NOT have to be convinced to get political in its own best interests! And if they do, something is seriously rotten in Denmark.
&gt; Liberalism, in practice, isn't that open minded. Liberalism IS open minded. The people you're talking about, though they're called "liberals", have abandoned liberalism.
They don't need to. It'll just be SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! on loop, bookended by ominous music, a scurry B/W photo of Sanders, and an endorsement for whoever, who will be smiling at babies and kitties in a cheery, colorful setting while soothing music plays.
Republicans already know they don't trust Hillary, they don't need us to tell them that. I think what they need to know about Bernie is (a) how trustworthy he is, and (b) how his policies will genuinely help working and middle class folks without killing jobs, punishing hard workers, or wasting tax dollars.
He voted yes to _debate_ it. According to a recent interview, he's going to vote no on _passing_ it.
