From Newmarket to Streatham, I would get on the M25, cross at Dartford, carry on clockwise, and then go up from the South, completely missing out the centre of London
I just had a look on google map - it's an extra 30 miles, but it would probably be a lot less stressful and quite possibly take less time, depending on time of day
Chances are though, that if the Dartford crossing has heavy traffic, then it would be a time of day when central London would be even worse ... the only time the M25 would be worse is if there were roadworks or closed lanes, but you can check for that before making the commitment
Why have you differentiated between the 'premier league' and its previous name 'first division' of the English league? Are they not the same for the purpose of this kind of statistic?
There's no need to worry, you will gradually get the things you need, as and when you need them ... for an unexpected night time power cut, it's always useful to have a torch and batteries and candles and matches available ... and basic tools like screwdriver and pliers, and a step ladder, and a bucket
I have removed this because it is not counting, it is listing
These types of awards are not simply to decide the most courageous person - it's not even possible to quantify such an abstract and subjective concept - but these awards are an expression of social approval, and therefore very often used as part of a wider agenda, to promote a social movement. For example, if they wanted to promote the acceptance of homosexuality in a society where it was largely disapproved of, they might choose to award a person for being openly homosexual. So here they are making a social statement in support of the political movement which is demanding certain rights for transgender people, and they have found a suitably well known transgender person to bestow the award upon. I would be surprised if they gave the award to a biologically female athlete who is taking a stand against biologically male people being allowed to compete in 'women's' events, and this is how they will show which side they are on and promote their political agenda. So whether or not you think he ''deserves'' the award for actual ''courage'', it might change your view if you think of the award in terms of social approval and the promotion of a political agenda.
Blyth Spartans ... this year they were the lowest ranked team left in the FA Cup when it got to the third round, and they put up a good fight, their fans could be proud of them
I've reported this to the mods because you deliberately lied in your title
387,685
