Or, Mom has almost no capacity to stand up for herself, nor, by extension, her daughter.
[Panic attacks are very treatable](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment%20for%20panic%20attacks). So is [depersonalization disorder](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment+for+depersonalization%2Fderealization+disorder).
No legal advice, but I think you might want to start by posting to /r/relationships. Maybe you, your mother, and your grandmother need to have a sit down and discuss what limits you want to draw and can stick to, and present a united, consistent front. Once you do that, you may find the police responsive. Right now they probably see no point in getting in the middle of a back and forth between various members of the family. Bear in mind that the three of you may not be able to reach an agreement, or your mother and grandmother might prove unable to stick to a plan. So, instead of trying to "save" them and dealing out physical justice to your brother, you might be well advised to save yourself and your stuff. In other words, decide what your own limits are, and stick to them.
You can meet with your mother and grandmother tomorrow, but like I said, by the sound of things they are not especially likely to want to or be able to set and enforce limits. Although they may not be as physically strong as your brother, they could always call the police if they felt unsafe. That they don't speaks volumes. That is a choice they are making. They may be your family, but they are competent adults, and you can't protect your family unless **they** want you to. All you can do is protect your own valuables and money. Move anything that you don't want to see disappear into your storage space tomorrow. Hire people to help if necessary. Until you have your own living space, your room should consist of your bed and a small suitcase and/or backpack with a couple of days' change of clothes and your toiletries. You have to take care of yourself. If your mother and grandmother cannot agree on a plan of action or stick to it, you cannot save them. It is not your job to save them. It is not possible for you to save them. You may have to walk awak from this situation. I'm sorry.
Unless he was an impulsive person who got a little too excited about owning an expensive and fast car.
Are you waiting for your parents to say, "Oh, you're right, thecagedbird_screams, and we're wrong. Go enjoy your freedom." Because they won't. It's up to you to be tough enough to endure being cut off by them and set limits. Maybe you'll have to block their calls for a while. Are you saying that you can't support yourself unless you live at home?
This person may be mentally ill. This is really not acceptable or normal behavior. Everybody makes mistakes, because we're human. You surely might have done something wrong with this girl. Well, it's her responsibility to tell you *there and then*. "Ow, you stepped on my toes," or "Hey, don't interrupt." "Oh, sorry!" Done. That's how friends are supposed to act. I've done some really stupid-ass things to my friends. They tell me what's wrong, I apologize, we move on. That's how it's supposed to happen. If somebody saves up some hurt or misdeed, says nothing, and then has a huge blow up over sins you had no clue about because they didn't bother to tell you, then that person is a colossal asshole. That person hurt you terribly and is a vindictive and cruel person. But for them to be one way, and suddenly switch and be another way, and not have anything specific that you even did wrong--the quotes you provide above are suspiciously vague and nebulous--then she may be mentally ill. There are some personality disorders that are characterized by the person idealizing others and then suddenly and violently changing their opinion to complete devaluation based on some tiny perceived slight that a healthy person wouldn't even notice. Do some reading on personality disorders. It's not you, it's her. I would say that the part where you two were close and trusting was real. This part, where she is evil and cold to you, is the mental illness. Unfortunately, you would probably so better to move on, but please don't blame yourself.
Having seen and gotten involved in my share of dying businesses, you're not necessarily doing him any favors by propping something that is still on the way out at the sacrifice of your health and sanity. If he's doing something wrong or is undercapitalized, it would be better if he acknowledged what was wrong and either fixed that or walked away before going horribly into debt.
You can't leave until September for safety reasons? Care to elaborate?
How long before they are old enough to go to school? i don't care how disabled they are, they legally have the right to an appropriate education.
