I think they are just trying to add a soft power-switch before the regulator.
You don't need to port the compiler to run on the FPGA, just generate code for it. And yes, it's still difficult, but once you have logic that targets the most critical code sections, those small fragments can be converted into stuff that runs dang near instantly on the FPGA part (better results for code with few external data dependencies). The worst part of it would be the integration between FPGA chunks and the rest of the code on the CPU, and I imagine there could be a lot of security gotcha's involved until it is well developed, depending on the hardware architecture.
Maybe someone on /r/ececomponentexchange would want it... probably only cost you a few bucks for shipping to get rid of it. Otherwise just toss it in the trash. There's worse crap that gets thrown out every day, and in much larger quantity. Normally components don't have lead in them anyway, and that's the most significant contamination concern. (edit: Also watch for mercury and cadmium, these are problems as well).
Just curious, what processes can be used to effectively recycle materials like basic ICs, resistors, etc? It seems to me that it is at best a break-even kind of proposition, when there are no precious metals inside. Do they just melt down all the metal in bulk and burn off the plastics?
Yeah, don't throw out mercury containing components either. If there's no lead/mercury/cadmium it should be rather harmless. Some people make a big deal about the little bit of arsenic and other dopants in ICs, but you know, being encased in non-biodegradable plastic does a pretty good job of keeping it where it is, which is all you can say about these chemicals when naturally occurring in the earth.
Just keep IBM away from it. In college they made us use Rational. I think I'm scarred for life. It was *worse* than the old Mentor Graphics stuff we had to run on Sun workstations. And that's saying something because in the mentor graphics stuff, we had to fucking right click and *turn on* scroll bars in the part selection box, EVERY TIME WE RAN THE PROGRAM. (And if you wanted to copy your project to a different directory, all the paths are hardcoded in the files, because fuck you.) But, at least you could design and simulate logic circuits, and it actually served a purpose. Unlike rational.
True, I would support a program where these types of waste are localized and stored (buried, warehoused, whatever). But I don't think there is yet a practical way to recycle them, and I have a suspicion that at this point, attempting recycling with current processes does more harm than good, both in terms of released pollutants, and potential economic return. Then again this isn't my area of expertise, so grain of salt recommended.
Most often the capacitors are the initial failure. There are occasionally cases where other parts fail and blow up the capacitors, and I've even seen a case where capacitors went first and then some mosfets blew up (poor circuit design though).
4.0.4 has the raid corruption issue; don't run raid with it.
Oh weird, I google searched it quick and the first result suggested it was still affected, maybe there's a gentoo patch that fixes it or something? Not sure. (edit after checking the rest of the thread: could be another issue like demonstar55 suggests)
