Hey, thanks for the reply! I'm glad to hear it isn't just me. My friends didn't experience such a lull when they were single, so I thought it was strange. But I do have a reactionary libido (as I call it), so I guess that makes sense!
&gt; Don't date someone who you are just "meh" about. You should be super excited to be dating the person you are dating. THIS. This has been my hardest lesson! I made this mistake *twice* before I figured out that "meh" wasn't enough to make dating someone enjoyable. Now I pretty much try to abide by the "hell yes or no" rule.
Forgive me, but this lesson of yours made me burst out laughing. Just...surprise!!
Actually...maybe not busted? OP never said "I'm a woman" (as far as I'm seeing).There is this comment: &gt; I only weigh like 140 so giant D boobs and huge for me. I have C forms and sometimes think those are too big But the fact that OP said "forms" makes me think that he could gender fluid, or maybe is just a fan of cross-dressing.
That "come hither" motion with his fingers, to stimulate my g-spot. Never fails!
Is it bad that people have different interests? No, of course not. But that isn't what those affirmative action policies are about. They aren't trying to encourage women to pursue a field that aren't interested in. What they *are* focused on is eliminating the many factors which discourage women from pursuing such careers. The disparity between men and women in STEM is commonly acknowledged as not being just because men are naturally more interested in those areas, because of such discouragement. And yes, actively discouraging people from pursuing their interests is typically considered a bad thing.
Haha, I love your last line, thanks for the laugh! :p
Haha, I'm looking at your truffle oil/parmesan cheese comment all funny right now! Sweet popcorn is clearly superior, jeez :p ETA: I now kind of want to give savory popcorn another try lol
I appreciate your pro tip. Also, idk if the 2:1 talking ratio is necessary (I'm not a fan personally, it usually ends up feeling like I'm being interrogated), but I will say 1:1 is. If he's talking about himself more than 50% of the time, I feel like I could replace myself with any other woman and he wouldn't even notice.
I mean, it isn't attractive, but idk if I'd call it actively unattractive. I do know I'm not a fan of how shaved looks. Slightly trimmed seems the happy medium - it's still there, but not soooo long and usually less smelly. It really, really isn't a big deal though. In terms of hair preferences, this isn't even on my radar! Facial hair or a hairy back/chest matter much more to me compared to his armpits.
