Sweet.
&gt; I go to my local bar and talk to Trump people, and after a few beers they all start talking like leftists. They hate on bankers and international trade deals, corporate influence on government, all that crap. Everyone still believes in the myth of the American Dream, but folks on both sides are beginning to notice the perennial shortage of bootstraps. That narrative only works to motivate the working class if a large enough percentage of folks manage to retire into that nice house in the suburbs, with a boat and an RV parked in front. When people never get to retire at all, they eventually start to question why they're still shackled to the treadmill.
Add a dash of military intervention and a sprinkle of nationalism to the general neoliberal philosophy, and you've got the current American neoconservative politics. From a practical standpoint, they're the same bogeyman.
American neoconservative policies are essentially just neoliberal economics with a heavy helping of foreign military intervention and nationalism. Both the 'neoconservative' and 'neoliberal' descriptors refer to two slightly different flavors of centrist politics. There's about an 80% overlap between the two, primarily in the economic policy arena.
People conflate socialist and social democrat.
I hear Bill's was "JustThaTip69".
It's definitely a regional thing, unless something has changed recently. In the schools I am familiar with in Texas, you generally just get access to a clinic where you can see a RN and get a few minor things done for cheap. No emergency care and they can only prescribe some drugs (birth control, maybe antibiotics, etc. Nothing scheduled.)
It's mostly the folks that fall into the gap where they should be covered by the medicaid expansion, but don't live in a state that took it. Even when they make slightly over the poverty level, the subsidies are pretty pitiful compared to the plans you can afford. The 'cheap' insurance on the exchange is a joke. Most are high deductible plans that are essentially unusable by the folks in that income bracket outside of catastrophic injury. That means people that may only be pulling in $1200 - 1500 a month are faced with spending $250 - 300 (or more) every month on something that they won't be able to actually use if they get sick, but aren't literally dying.
You're right, BCBSTX is offering it even at my old school now. Looks like they started some time in 2014 or 2015. Here's to some positive progress in the loan star state ;)
Because when you see the speech in black and white, you'll start asking "why is this worth $225k again?" Worse, when you compare all of the speeches and find out she's basically saying the same 10 minutes worth of drivel, the only conclusion left to draw is that it was never about the speeches, and always about the cash transfer. She's dragged it out so long people are convinced something nefarious was said, and when it turns out to be just boilerplate corporatism, it will add a metric ton of fuel onto the corruption speculation theories. She should have released the transcripts immediately when challenged. Dragging it out this long has exacerbated the controversy. She's really bad at running for office.
