That background is certainly more sophisticated and mature.
This, and trap them/kill them. Multiple traditional traps as mice roam in groups, so kill two or three in waves, until more than you imagined are gone.
I've never seen folks move out without putting extra trash out. Once they are gone I either do a transfer station run, or bring out another can so tenants have available space. So I'd pay the $25 since I can deduct it, and cheaper than my dealing with it directly. Former tenants should have rented a small dumpster and landlord should take it out of their security in my opinion. As a tenant, I'd be bothered, but not want this to be the hill I go down on.
If you want to pay to find out if something is out of wack, do so, it's your money. If it's working and providing heat, landlord responsibility is done. That said, what type of system, if forced hot air, did you replace the filter? That's standard tenant maintenance that often isn't done--such that I do it instead of leaving it up to them.
Yes, that would be my choice, when the cost starts to equal the price to have a pro look at it to prevent recurrence. Fingers crossed for you that something is revealed that's helpful!
Oh good to know, FMs should work then too!
The cardboard bin was out to be emptied at the transfer station, the staff told me to put boxes in with the paper/junkmail, the distinction is just for the users, who complain if there isn't a spot as they expect, at the facility, it all gets dumped together. Yes, your life is an illusion in more ways than you know.
uv
It was a '91 MR2, so technically old. Age has little to do with it, a '71 Porsche 914 gets great gas mileage, body shape (as it relates to drag) has everything to do with it. The airflow around the MR2 apparently improved at higher speeds. A lot of hybrids get worse mileage at consistent higher speeds, seeing more gains in slower stop and go traffic conditions by design, however their bodies do tend to be designed for less drag.
Highlander, when Heather MacLeod passes, just hearing Queen's music for the scene brings their passion and love to mind, and moist eyes.
