Incorrect. The simple answer is actually make a faraway cage. That means you put a car battery inside the cage and power leds from that. The most simple constant current source from a $2 linear IC has ability to dim using the feedback/reference voltage. If you use switching IC / LED driver chip you may get "noise"but way above perceptible frequencies
Subletting involves a signed document. Paying rent involves a check or getting a receipt if you ever have reason to pay with cash. Your story doesn't make any sense, but you should file a small claims after you report fraud to police.
Incorrect. They are supposed to be separate systems, but no one really maintains the manhole gaskets. When it rains hard and fills up the storm drains, water in intersections will go down into the sewer culverts. This will then flood basements with sewer rain water. It also means the entire sewer pipe can be flooded to the brim with water. Though likely the treatment plants let 90 percent of the water through and anything that can swim can avoid the removal of top floating stuff and the sediment which go into different collection tanks/ponds.
I agree. Something like this should never be drawn without 4th body terminal. But I'm confused at op. Clearly kn is kp and all the same for these ideal transistors. Why would he be confused. If id1 =id2 then vgs1 =vgs2....
Honestly, she endangered her community. She didn't even take his keys or call a cab. If he killed a family driving home from theater, I doubt she would be charged with accesory or negligent homicide.
First of all mF... You will need large capacitance to "see" led fade with power off over seconds. Obviously you can put cap across led and when powered the current will mostly go into cap and voltage will rise dV/dt will indicate how fast led gets brighter or dimmer. However the pwm will try and put an average voltage on cap, which may not show up well on led brightness because of exponential nature. It is easier to make pwm show different brightness levels with on/off duty cycle. You might end up trying to show brightness by analog voltage which is exponential. This depends on pin current drive, the RC, and how fast you switch the pwm, relative to how large the cap is.
The best solution here seems to be two wires, each with a two terminals and a lead wire crimped on that plug into each bee board. I see no advantage to making a pcb cross over when you can just make wires in an X. Also consider kapton tape and copper foil instead of a pcb.
No this was two years ago. She was republican judge for 13 yrs then switched to democrat for one year. Judges only punishment was banned from being a judge in Texas. But why the fuck you can do this and still practice law.... 'merica The judge immediately ran for a D.A. position. The asst D.A. Involved in this txting during trial incident is now a judge I believe in the vacated seat. The ADA who was doing as much as the judge only got a $650 fine.
Reed switch as input to a 555 trigger. You could have two reed switches at different radius to handle two magnets and make a more complicated latching
Cut all contact. Work on being best you, you can be. When she sees you've moved on and dating and like yourself and aren't clingy, maybe, maybe she will see you in different light. She is moving on, but hedging her bets until she has better thing, and gets everything from you like support, etc. Imagine you had a roommate that decided they weren't sure they still wanted to live with you. They aren't paying rent anymore and moved out, but still want to sleep in their old bed occasionally and eat from your fridge.
