Hey I know a lot of the guys with XXX are really fast do they have a "older/fatter/slower" group...still like to ride but the truly competitive days are over?
Yep I worked for a lawyer and it took him 90 days. In the winter it takes longer.
Strength training at this age is priority number one, reason being is that she's been losing muscle mass for over 20 years. It can be reversed but not time to dilly dally. In addition her bone density is probably for shit, very common with woman and older people in general and strength training will help increase her bone density. This is really important as a broken bone can be the difference between living at home or living in a nursing home. Obviously cardio is great but she can get this by taking a walk every night after dinner, the gym isn't necessary. Honestly a good linear progression weight program with squats (think about the trouble older people have getting out of chairs/couches) and deadlifts scaled to her current abilities would probably be best for her.
I know lots of masters athletes that do plyos but they also can squat a lot of weight. The Russians used plyos to eek out an extra percentage or two out of there high-end athletes. This after they eek out everything they could from weight training. What drives me crazy is weak athletes doing plyos they are just setting themselves up for injury, they should be squatting. Plyos shouldn't really be done until you can at the very least squat your own weight. I think a lot of people think they should be doing plyos because they see it on TV and because Crossfit.
that's the point, companies skirt around their beloved excuse of supply and demand by rigging the system (via paying off the government) and bringing their supply from another country(s)
when I was 20 I used to work out at the same gym as this [monster](http://tnation.t-nation.com/free_online_forum/sports_body_training_performance_bodybuilding_strength/ed_coan_still_the_king) . Granted I weighed 145lbs but yea I'm squatting 225 and he's pressing 315.
My buddy died a few weeks ago at 47. He had a wife and two little girls. He also had his first heart attack at 33. We both work/worked in a high stress environment where I don't move very much. I don't want to join my friend.
GO TO CLASS! schedule your classes in the afternoon if you can, while 8:00am seems fine in Highschool it's painful in college.
Don't believe the hype. We have lots of talented tech people in the US. What we don't have is cheap, talented tech workers. But yes there is work but don't kid yourself as soon as they can figure a way to offshore development those jobs are gone.
I work for one of the largest IT companies in the world (for quite a while). In my opinion I think we are seeing another "internet bubble" but this time more software focused. The same crazy shit that was happen in the 90's with everything IT is going on with software development. No product, just an idea, your company is wroth $20MM. We'll see if I'm right.
