I think you think you're over your issues, your trying to be your own counselor which is never a good idea. One of the great things about seeing a therapist is they can help you see things that you can't see yourself, they are a critical part in the recovery process. 1. Work on yourself. 2. See a therapist. 3. Become happy with yourself. 4. THEN seek out a partner.
I don't have a lot of advice for you...but this line is bullshit " "well I'm working but I'll come out after, but Dan has a date" and he got pretty annoyed with me. I was teasing him and trying to be lighthearted about the situation." You weren't being light-hearted...you made a dig at him and were being passive aggressive.
Seems like he only cares about you when you're going to be the spotlight to others. Oh, a family reunion? Here, this is my daughter to show off that I love. Oh, whats that? A wedding? Of course my wonderful daughter is there. Then when you actually need him, he bails on you. Up to you if you want, he probably just wants to show you off so he can pretend he was actually a father to you in some capacity.
Hotelier - Home, Like No Place There Is Great album, I'm a cranky 33 year old man who really dislikes a lot of new music. Loved this album though.
If someone shows that they are selfish and lack empathy, that is only going to be a bigger issue later down the road, when life becomes more stressful and requires more sacrifices. Jump ship.
I hope you didn't make your dog listen to the Red Wedding, poor thing.
Our cat wasn't a fan of our dog at all. We put up a baby gate that the cats can fit under but the dog can't, they then slowly started getting along more. Cats can often take a longgg time to adjust.
Completely agree, however, the vast majority of large cities and suburbs surrounding those cities have leash laws.
Huh? It doesn't, we're talking about a public park, not an off-leash dog park or an off-leash area.
I'm still a bit confused, he is referring to taking his dog off-leash at a public park, not an off-leash park or off-leash area...?
