&gt; would be needed to produce any meaningful conclusions Sure they can produce meaningful conclusions, just not about the general population.
&gt; Wii U ~~Exclusive!~~ Excluded!
&gt; the thing was gross, looked mangy They all do, it's just the way they look. First one I saw in my garbage I thought was sick, but the coats of all that i've seen since look similar.
Uhh, the rest of the world has known about this for at least two decades.
[Everything is more popular around the world than pop music](http://srogers.cartodb.com/viz/14ebbf8c-ac44-11e4-8a55-0e018d66dc29/embed_map)
&gt; So then after being fired, she decides to publicly post all that information out of spite? That's not something to be commended. Given that we're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars of IP here, I would assume that poster signed a legally binding non-disclosure agreement, yet still decided to release the information via Reddit. If the poster didn't get sued to oblivion, I'd be surprised.
&gt; Jim Bob Duggar was an idiot for not seeking professional help for his son. There was a post somewhere about his views on incest taken directly from his political website, to the effect of advocating for corporal punishment. In light of this information it's pretty obvious why he tried to bury it. It would be great if one (or more) of his kids came out as gay. I think we'd see his head explode trying to reconcile this with his staunch evangelical and right-wing conservative beliefs.
One of the reasons I've avoided watching the HBO show despite all the hype. I'll wait until I can finish the book series, and then bing-watch the TV show while the book is still fresh in my mind.
Are you saying that someone first needs assets to be eligible to be sued? I'm no legal scholar, but I was under the impression that the company could sue (and possibly win a judgement) on lost profits due to her actions; if she can't pay up, then eventually they would probably garnish wages, and she'd never get out from under that debt.
&gt;That's like, totally different. I'm *not* saying the cops actions were justified--I find it appalling this guy was let "off the hook." But, it *is* a completely different encounter when a police officer kills someone: they're acting as agents of the state for the purpose of enforcing laws, whereas a citizen is not.
