After Bungie spent basically 7 months doing nothing in crucible but randomly cycling IBs I think it's ok for PvP to get a little bit of a focus for once. Plus, it's a Bungie game. If you didn't think PvP would be pertinent that's a pretty big consumer error.
Still not better than my Truth that shoots kittens. Story topping is cool!!!!!
Wait, so there's a PvE mode where you can do incredibly well and then get absolutely jack shit? And now PvP might actually reward you for completing a round as opposed to just showing up? I just want to make sure I understand that you are pissed off because you actually have to experience what PvP players got shafted with since Day 1. Right now, PvE is getting to play just the tip with Bungie, but PvP players have had it jammed up their anus's since the game dropped. How about instead of complaining that they didn't add more to where 95% of the game is, we think about the fact that it's a positive they shored up the other 5%? I know that's expecting a bit much, so feel free to return to that whine and cheese.
Awesome, thank you! I have to admit, i was pretty certain there was something else but knew it was a pretty irrelevant material.
In continuing kind of with JBurd, just jump on in to the raids. Seriously, if anyone gets all pissy and angsty because you "let them down" they probably need to take a break from the game. With that in mind, a huge reason that people keep around this game is because of the community and the fact that 99% of players seem to remember we were all new once. When you're ready to jump into a raid (give yourself 1-1.5 hours for a fresh run; 20odd minutes if you're just doing the end) post on an LFG site and be honest that you're a newbie. You probably won't see a difference in how quickly you get a reply, but this way you're likely to get someone who is looking to help someone learn the mechanics or the raid itself. let the team know you're not talkative but will listen; and then just be polite and reply when necessary. Source: Was sherpa-ing for a while until I took a break from the game.
Given I didn't see this thread until after the edits, I can now only support this idea if they show up in said Winnebagos. I do like the idea of the Bungie's flea market every now and then; maybe a bi/monthly type of deal.
Posts like this are exactly the kind of thing that someone trying to "act cool on social media" would vomit when they don't have anything to contribute. Pissing on other people's cereal doesn't make you cool, it just makes you an asshole.
I just want a Mawg shader now so I too can be my own best friend.
You're misunderstanding the point. The concept the OP is trying to get across is that, while controlling the points is important, so is your overall KD. Lots of newbies to Destiny PvP try and play it like you can with CoD, where you can play towards the objective only and win. Your opponents can all have 100:1 KDs but it doesn't mean shit if you somehow plant the bomb and they don't diffuse it. But control? You run and run, dying and just trying to get into the control point; that's a huge effing deal. Sure, the other team may get less points per kill, but you're giving them a ton of free ones. Also, did you even read this paragraph? Like, at all? Because right now it looks like you were too lazy to even put forth a modicum of effort before calling the OP an idiot. **Its important to capture points, but its more important to kill the opponent first. I see too many people so obsessed with capping that they sacrifice themselves for it, and most times its a fruitless endeavor. Dont solo cap if they are rushing your position, those capture points are not strategic offensive locations, most have a variety of angles to assault to kill someone in that zone. Find an advantageous position, eliminate the threat, and attempt to recapture then.** Tl;dr Critical reading needs to be taught in school again.
That's some more great advice for solo players! If you can't communicate, it's definitely better to try and stay at least somewhat together so you can better help the team and they can help cover you. That being said....sometimes you just gotta Leroy Jenkins the shit out of them :)
