as a space sim for old space sim fans, integrity is already lost. Originally the claim was to not include the freelancer-style mouse control, fast forward a couple years and and we have it in. Like every space game to ever have it, it ruins balance.
And then they say "we'll fix it" without any sprcific discussion of how, and refusing the easiest solution (removing mouselancer mode, or seperation of aim&amp;flight,) yet they only have 7 months until sq42 is expected as a quality release. That freelancer mode was promised (in early wingman's hangar) to explicitly NOT be part of the game, how it snuck in really shits on the open development concept a lot more than not showing all the WIP assets
"pound for pound" sounds like price bracket (as in british pounds), the scythe was up in the connie/vangaurd/irredeemable price bracket, and shouldn't be on their level. or its weak because it can't equip gimballed guns which are OP as fuck. 8 missile hardpoints, 2 size 5 guns, and all that maneuvering thrust is very powerful for a fighter, remembering when the M50 was very competitive (and possibly OP) way back when, speed is effectively armor
Definitely. This is tragically a mouse game and the developers don't care about controls, they would rather focus on making being a space TV reporter a thing
Hell, The P51D that the mosquito sees can out run it while also carrying double the bomb weight Also lame, the 57mm version can't pop full pillboxes.
Xur gave me an exotic pair on Sunday They're actually briefs
My notes: * the base interior looked odd, the tunnels were extra high but the hangar was extra narrow compared to the movies and compared to pandemic's battlefronts * ATAT ride along was indeed a killstreak/powerup/limited time reward, one could see the health draining on its own, but topping up when the user killed rebels * usual DICE choreographed "moments" * the sounds and effects are good * I find the HUD is ugly * jetpacks EVERYWHERE. not sure that's good for map flow * walking around the ion cannon to get at the generator, REALLY? * orbital strikes while the shield generator is up? * luke, Y U NO PILOT OUTFIT? simply sloppy of DICE to not show a map-appropriate hero outfit. * flying around doesn't seem to have a timer though, might be decent as long as "ion torpedoes" are not a vehicle kit unlock, such a system would render the game irredeemable to me. This probably reads bitter, I should note that battlefront and battlefield 1942/2 were my favorite games of that era. battlefield 3 was rather disappointing, BF4 was lame. I expect a bad game, but still hope I'm wrong.
However that nerf to mice just made it awkward and annoying for its users and makes the game look like it favors joysticks. Automating gimballs (and unmanned turrets) with signature strength based tracking and accuracy would add depth and importance to stealth and emissions management, and then allow having a person in a gunner seat confir the advantages of mouse aim at a reasonable cost of a second person
mystery is what you do when you're afraid of reaction, because you fear you haven't done a good enough job.
'sledge commander' was a terrible example because it made fixed weapons complete downgrade, as the sledge is small enough to gimball on most mounts. it did mean that any input device had a chance if they get the jump on the opponent however. And that diminishing concept is simply incorrect as it ignores that a mouser can 'improve aim' as its purely the user getting used to their target's movement.The likes of darkstar one, X3 are proof enough that a longer TTK with freelancer-style mouse aim of gimballs means that even if the game technically supports a joystick, the gameplay itself becomes simply frustrating. ED does show that a long TTK isn't bad thing on its own, but that game is entirely saved by the fact that they don't have a mouselancer mode and they restrict movement in ways conducive to better gameplay, so that one can predict their target's movements
