I'm from Orange. WOS class of '01. There are literally dozens of us!
I'm from Orange, was there until 2004. I never had a bad experience with a police officer. I have family who work for Orange PD, and on the other side of that same family I have those who have constant run ins with the police. Even through all of that, the police have never been abusive to them. In my experience (and family's), Orange PD is pretty good.
&gt;Unwanted_Commentary: No, it shows that you have 10 alternate accounts and an unlimited supply of Hot Pockets. The only two people that actually played the game in this entire thread disagreed with you. You have me confused for someone else. You also need to mature a little bit.
&gt;It's alright man, no need to be angry. Maturity has nothing to do with the matter. Please troll on the forum of a game you've actually played. Maturity only has to do with your actions and comments in this thread. No one is angry. Its just disappointing to see this kind of behavior out of a mod.
I'd actually prefer all police footage to be readily available upon request. Before, during, and after the processes involved for someone having charges pressed against them and a verdict reached regarding their guilt. I have absolutely no problem with someone's pure dumbassery, or video exonerating them of dumbassery, being made public as soon as possible. Maybe people on both sides of the law would be slightly less retarded in their encounters if that were the case.
I'm not sure if you're retarded, or Greg Jackson . . . .
Because he ran against someone who didn't get as many votes? That's usually how this process works.
Honest question here: If one was so inclined, could they legally take the animal down, clean it and eat it?
Is that a definitive no because you're aware of a law, or just an assumption?
This is going to sound crazy, but hear me out: Not everyone wants to drive a gold lambo, wear diamonds, make it rain at the club, and chardonnay the night away. I guarantee you he could be living your definition of "better", but he's enjoying his definition right now.
