I've started re-reading it, been a while so I decided to give it another go. Lots of things I notice and appreciate more now that I did when I was younger. Phenomenal series.
Yeah, but...I see what you did there.
We know how easily it is to replicate something so replicating non-functioning pieces of a ship and throwing them together for an exhibit probably wouldn't be too difficult. (Even been to a presidential museum in the US? They all have replicas of the Oval Office, Air Force One, etc). Alternatively, they could be other ships of the same class that didn't have the distinction Enterprise did. They just slapped the Enterprise name on them for the exhibit.
Not a bar, exactly. But I think this place shows Chicago sports team games. http://www.tastechicago.biz/ It's owned by Chicago native and actor Joe Mantegna.
I may be in the minority but I didn't like any of the movies you mentioned. In fact, I haven't liked anything he's done since Reindeer Games and let's be honest, that wasn't a good movie, I just thought it was kind of dumb fun. I'm just saying I've seen nothing at all that convinces me. I'll wait for the movie but I'm skeptical. That's all I'm saying.
I know. But like I say, this is prrtty much my only indulgence. I rarely go to the movies, I don't buy antiques or have any expensive hobbies, i don't go to concerts or I work and eat. So i don't feel like I'm too much in the wrong by enjoying my one meal a day. I'm not broke or desperate by any means, I'm just frugal. But my girlfriend is about to be downsized and $5K or so would be a nice cushion to have while she's out of work.
I rarely look anyone in the eye but its not a lack of self respect. It's a habit I formed back when I worked retail. You get so many people blathering about shit don't matter you had to find a way to difuse the situation. I look at the chest, or neck, or turn my head slightly away as if turning my ear toward their voice. It gives an illusion I'm still paying full attention but If you don't make eye contact they either lose interest and cease their inconsequential babbling or they narrow their focus to the relevant information.
Y'know, pretty sure OP was joking. Much like me. Fuck's sake, dude.
Advantage was far and away the best for me. When I was a kid i hated the original controller. (Do you count the Game Genie as an accessory? Cause I loved that thing.) Worst? Power Pad. Never did a more useless shitpiece exist in this world.
"Sir, do you know what a Cleveland Steamer is?"
