I am surprised people play Annie/Brand support for stun (and deeps), when there is a champion named Veigar that can stun up to FIVE enemy champs, including their pets (drake, ghosted ally) and it's on a 7.7s cd with 45% CDR max rank (basicaly 4s and some after the previous cast ends). I didn't try to support rankeds with it but when I feel *villainous*...
You should/must have Naut. Versatile and fun to play. And can roleplay Big Daddy from Bioshock. Probably best joke in game too.
The road to success is sprinkled with enemy tears and ballads of hate. His W being one of the most impactful non-ultimate ability helps a ton.
Apdo could carry outside challenger with any champ. Nunu mid might be best for it since is the *TILT* champ. *Bronzies* ^(anything under plat) should stop dreaming at top 0.02% and look just one tier ahead of them.
Funny thing is many replies disagree with me. "useless without farm" ^^lmao "annie has better chance at multiple stuns" ^(if you go in their face) "unreliable stun" ^(I've landed triple stun under our turret that turned the fight around single handedly, 4v3 became 1v3, and they were spread) Again Veigar support play style fits an evil mastermind type of person, not a honest to God support. Laning phase, if ADC is on the ball, a stun means free poke, enemy ADC lose some cs at worst. Mid late game, basically one *effective* spell you need to spam every fight you can get on. You can focus on your active trinkets like aegis and frost queen. If the enemy mage comes in range R is free damage. The only thing you really care on Veigar support is CDR, and it's easy to get plenty.
&gt; Why there are loads of [anything] ^(E: there are loads of stupid people too, me included; should we follow the majority example blindly?) I want to leave you happy with your opinions, yet I'd recommend against unoriginality and 'follow the pack' attitude. If you like Brand bot, go Brand bot. I tried Veigar bot and I liked Veigar bot, more than Brand. I'll add Veigar to my list of support champs I can take into the fight, and strike out Brand. My problem isn't that Veigar is bad support. My problem is ADCs that go *tilt* from champ select assuming I want to steal farm and do fuck all whole game with zero reactions to landed stuns.
Skimmed through it and few thoughts were: This must be a pain to update and modify. It will probably succumb in the cesspool of ol' forgotten forum threads, unless stickied. Then it hit me: Dude, Github that *shit*. Forum posts is the worst way to do it.
Microsoft Edge doing something better than Chrome and Firefox overlords? On what browser did they dev/test this?
Every week since Season 1 and Rito still can't hire an intern to do it. Free karma for 6 seasons!
More likely Police's Cortana doesn't appreciate citizen's bad taste for that whore Siri. (can switch names around)
