Are you saying people see "Obama" and don't like it just for that title or that people see "affordable" and like it just for that title?
It's very difficult to answer that question. And I'll explain to you why that is. The GOP/Republicans/conservatives believe in a economic and societal system that they believe with benefit everyone, in the long run. But when you have the opposing side Democrats/liberals that are more likely to give out things now in hopes of fixing things (true difference of opinions lies on this effectiveness), it only makes sense it will entice people and thus very hard to take someone away from such a position. I personally don't consider myself GOP, but I lean conservative. So it's really hard for me to answer anymore deeply than that, but I'll add this as I want viewpoints on this. Let me explain one position I have that everyone hates, but I think it shows a long term benefit at the expense or removing something people currently love. Social Security. Benefits of Removal: - Increased income (6.2% and up to a potential of 6.2% more (12th.4% total) from employer as that is actually part of what you cost your employer.) And what do many poor people as well as middle class Americans "lose" a lot of their money? In loan interest. If a person had an extra 6.2+% in income it would help to reduce the amount of money they are throwing away into interest. Therefore it should save these people even more money. - Increased employment. That 6.2% cost to your employer means every employee cost them 6.2% more than what society is actually benefiting from. Less cost, could mean less unemployment. Or cheaper prices. Or if you believe this type of economic behavior won't happen, the money could be put toward something else, like universal health care. - Point, not benefit - Life expectancy. The life expectancy is shorter for those that are poor. A system that requires you to be 65 years old before you can benefit from it dispoportional hurts the poor. And if a person dies, these benefits are not passed on to family members. It's Regressive unless you can live long enough until it's not.
Include /r/politics in there too, and I completely agree.
"Playing the stock market" has benefit for more than just the individual. It is the purchase of stocks. Which a company sells to gain more income that they can use to invest in a multitude of things. When a company can show value by being successful, and people buy stocks to ride that success (while also helping the company), they can then raise stock prices. The investor can then pay more for often a less risky investment or pay less for a less known/starter business that they see future success in. Since capital gains is already at 23.8% for those making over $400,000 I would easily get behind setting it at 28% for 2 million plus.
A religious person will give you reasons (a sense of purpose, a desire of belonging, etc.), but those reasons won't resonant with the non-religious that don't accept them as "rational" reasons.
Why is a simple belief in God so stupid to you? What justification do you have against a spiritual figure that create the world and watches over us? You need justification or by your own logic you are stupid. And don't convolute my question of "God's existence" with the written word of the Bible or the actions of religious people. The "Bing bang" could be God's doing. Evolution could be God's doing. The bible could be just stories. Etc.. You say believing in God is unjustified, you tell me how the belief in not a God is? And yes, not believing in something is still having a belief that something is true (in this case that God doesn't exist).
He only pointed out things he thought made Rand Paul crazy with no explanation himself except shitty articles. And I'm not dismissing his points because they are opinions. I even addressed many of his points, so I have no idea how you think that's dismissive. I was just saying that many of these things are simply opinion on one side of the other. You can disagree with it, but many of them don't make a person "crazy". What are the "people being treated like shit" and "evil actions" you think Rand supports?
No it isn't. I think you'd be surprised on how many people are against mandatory vaccines. What system?, the one we have now where they aren't mandatory? The MASSIVE CONSENSUS is that the CO2 we produce effects the climate. Which Rand agrees with. What is the consensus on how much?
Would mind explaining what you find so wrong with him and the nation? I'm here for discussion.
Fuck I just told you if you wanted to give me some of your more important points I would address them while providing more detail and try to provide sources. I'm not going to comment on 20 things in a single post on my phone. What specific issues from that list would you like me to address? (and yes I'll hit everyone if you want, but I figured some are more important to you than others so I could save myself some time by not going into an issue you agree with me on or don't care about).
