12, Dennis Martinez 6/2/98. Danks' is the 15th of ten or more in that span.
Any part of the bench in any dugout in any major league park. How did anyone else get here without that being their answer?
&gt; To you, it's just a baseball. That thing can brighten a kid's whole day though. Why would it be "just a baseball" to the grown man? If his reasoning was that he'd never caught one before, then obviously it means more to him than being "just a baseball." The whole damned *game* is grown men running around doing what kids do. I would be willing to bet that the ball means far, far more to the man than to the kid. If I had been given a ball as a kid, I don't know what I would have done with it. Probably played with it myself in the yard. I certainly wouldn't have bragged to my friends or anything, since after all, I was *given* the thing. I didn't catch it. But when I caught a foul ball at the age of 23, I was old enough to know exactly what that ball was. It was a piece of the game I love, that I had spent 23 years building up a deep, romantic appreciation for. Something that I revered, cherished as sacred, and out of it popped a little tiny piece that fell into *my* hands. I can look up the play-by-play and see the word "Foul" and know that *I caught that foul*, that that word is indelibly etched into baseball's permanent history and it involved *me.* It was an *honor*. No kid thinks of it that way. You are only obligated to give a kid a ball if you directly interfere with his/her chance to catch/retrieve it themselves. Otherwise it's yours.
Of course that's how it is. What you say with scorn I say with conviction. It really, really does mean that much to me.
ITT: quite a lot of people who are ignoring the butterfly effect. As soon as you start interfering with past events, everything starts to change, and those changes snowball into large, global changes over time. If we're talking a span of 3000 years, by the time you made it back to 2015, not a single person on this planet (including you, though I suspect the genie would take care of this paradox) would have been born, nor would their parents, grandparents, etc. There would be people, but they'd be an entirely different set of people. There would be no computers or automobiles or airplanes, no television or radio, *unless someone happened to come up with them on their own.* The English language, if it had been allowed to evolve at all, would be entirely different. The countries we know wouldn't exist. Maybe the new world would be objectively better. Maybe it would be much worse. Rather than take the chance, I'd either decline the offer or find a cave to sit in for 3000 years.
The only explanation I can think of is the first pitch. It was low and away, looked good and the ump raised his arm and clearly called strike. It's possible that he then changed his mind and it wasn't captured on video. The other strike was dead center and Votto swung and missed.
The angle from directly behind the fan at 2:46 does show that he didn't touch the ball. I wonder if the replay man didn't see that angle, because it looked pretty cut-and-dry to me. Maybe his very presence counted as interference, which I suppose is the spirit of the rule if not the letter.
Adding the /s ruins the humor. Let it stand on its own merit, and if the joke is well-phrased and contextually appropriate, people with intelligence will appreciate it.
Maybe it's because I recently watched *Baseball* but I read this in John Chancellor's voice.
Having a magical run in the regular season only to be annihilated in the end by the Yankees. I mean, they made a *musical* about it.
