&gt;Though gridiron, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are known here as the "Big Four" sports, soccer has surely ousted ice hockey to join that quartet. Nah.
I know what you are referring to and it was NBCSN not NBC. Also that's an incredibly misleading statistic. EPL face almost ZERO competition in the US for their timeslot, while the NHL is going against other large sports leagues and primetime TV. Also, every single NHL game is on TV, while that can't be said for EPL. In addition, fans of the NHL teams may be less likely to watch on TV because many will be attending the games, while that is impossible for EPL in the US.
Well for some teams at least...
&gt; the Marketers haven't gotten into the heads of Millenniums the way they have for previous generations. This just isn't true. You just target them in different ways. The millennials have been figured out for a while now. You need to offer value with your advertising. That's why companies like Buzzfeed have taken off. They are literally a giant advertisement, it's how they make their money, but they provide entertainment to people. Same thing goes for event marketing or sharing native content on social media. It works incredibly well.
The actual reason cheerleading isn't considered a sport is because it doesn't follow a unison set of rules across competitions. While sports such as gymnastics and boxing have judges, the discretion is judged against the same standards in every competition. This is not the case for cheerleading.
&gt; Depression is not a personal problem, it's a medical problem. Medical problems are personal problems. He wasn't kicked off the US Team, but his boss decided that his lack of involvement beforehand would hinder the team if he were selected. FMLA and ADA do not say that you are entitled to a position or job if your disability or disease prevent you from performing that task. If you took a sabbatical from work because of depression at a marketing agency and then came back and were not performing at the incredible success rate that you were before, you should expect to be put on a team for your company's biggest pitch in years that they were preparing for the entire time you were away.
&gt;In real life, outside of an academic setting? Not really. I'd almost argue the opposite. In the real world, you are judged on the end result, no matter how hard you work. If you're simply more naturally talented, or can think of better solutions, it doesn't matter how hard you work. Obviously hard work matters, but to claim talent doesn't is pretty naive.
This is no different from the rules for Union fans at PPL Park and everyone has been sucking Union fans' dicks since we've entered the league. NYCFC really isn't any different. It's ok to love to hate them, but it's silly to think that SKC or RBNY are any more "organic".
Yeah I honestly think it's silly to claim that traveling doesn't give you some insight and perspective that those who don't travel generally lack. Every new experience gives you more perspective, and traveling to another country is one of the most new and different experiences you can have.
&gt; If you're a person that uses those terms in a league you have to buy your way into I guess you'll take legitimacy anyway you can get it. Yeah pretty much. The point is none of the teams themselves are organic. Fandom is pretty much all organic, even if marketing is involved to get people there. The Union is still a business like the rest and Union fans are no more organic than NYCFC fans. We're just more negative.
