Hell yes. It's fun to be hated for your team's greatness.
1-4 are excellent. 5 and 6 are fine (though not the best), and 7 is also very good (on par with the first four). 8 is one of the worst final seasons ever though, and at that point it's almost worth watching for the comic relief (seriously, you'll laugh at the absurdity of it at points - the treadmill! the tire slashing! - and it's almost an unintentional self-parody).
&gt;Nobody said it was the best pizza in the world Good thing we also have that! Whether you accept that NY pizza is the best or you're a heathen that prefers Chicago style, they're both better than pizza elsewhere.
He's on HBO. He can do whatever the hell he wants.
The way I build my cities, the narrow channel in the middle of the image (at the mouth of what looks like a lake/river) would be a dense population center (probably the densest, actually, though you appear to have chosen the bottom right for that). Also, what's the dome thing near those tall buildings? It looks like the upper left corner of their city tile is some sort of giant dome.
&gt; a good cut off point is where the fetus could live outside the womb There are plenty of already-born people who cannot function outside the womb without being dependent on others; what (if anything) makes it okay to kill a fetus that possesses this trait but not an already-born person who similarly needs help to survive? Assume we're talking about someone that doesn't have conscious thought (such as someone in a coma or otherwise incapacitated).
&gt; Anti-life isn't accurate to describe pro-choice: you can be pro-choice and against abortion How so? If you support people being able to freely and legally choose abortions, you are supporting the legal status of abortion and inherently supporting the destruction of fetuses and the termination/pre-emption (depends whether you think they're already alive) of life.
From what I understand the new one is vastly inferior to SC 4.
I thought Cars 2 was the real villain in Cars 2.
Aren't A and B the same thing?
