Hahaha oh man that is some genius writing right there. Let's just forget the fact that the Stormtrooper who gets shot and wipes his blood on Finn's helmet is white. That's just a failure to pay attention. What I find funny about this article is the fact that if, as this fella would like to believe, the Stormtroopers are all black then how is that a good thing when you consider the fact that all of the First Order apart from one mixed-race woman are white. So his idea of this amazing Afrofuturist parable is essentially a world where black people are used as expendable soldiers who are fully controlled by white people with English accents. Bravo, sir!
Any country which requires kids to pledge allegiance to a flag at school is fucked in the head.
Hahaha those guys just love plucking bullshit out of thin air don't they?
You're completely wrong there chief. Smoking increases the chances of you developing lung cancer or heart disease. Nobody has ever said that smoking is the sole cause of lung cancer and nobody in their right mind has proclaimed that non-smoking-related lung cancer has nothing to do with any other carcinogenic materials they may have ingested.
Pretty sure that's not how he's living his life, mate. What is he supposed to be in perpetual fear of?
Seriously? Again? This is yet another example of someone misrepresenting the packaging inserts that come with the vaccines. That is not a list of things CAUSED by the vaccine but a list of things which have been observed post-vaccination. So if someone took the vaccine, got the flu and then reported that t the manufacturer, they'd have to put 'influenza' on that list. It even says right there that there is nothing to suggest a causal relationship. Some people just aren't very good at reading I suppose.
I, Partridge: We Need to Talk About Alan It's the fictional autobiography of much-loved UK TV character Alan Gordon Partidge (played by Steve Coogan). The book is just incredibly funny and had me in tears on almost every page. It got to the point where I was pissing off housemates with my constant laughter. It is an incredibly funny and well-written book which captures the characters insecurity, vanity, pettiness and arrogance perfectly. Needless to say, I had the last laugh...
DDP winning the title in a 4-way match with Sting, Goldberg and Kevin Nash on a Nitro in 1999. He lost the title to Sting in a really good (Ganso bomb from Sting!) 1-1 match earlier in the night but then got the chance to win it back in the main event against the 3 biggest guys in the company. DDP was always my favourite, along with Sting, and I went absolutely crazy when he won the belt back, and the crowd did too if I remember. I miss WCW...
Well, partly that's the case. Being overweight is seen as a sign of vitality and health. The connection with wealth isn't so pronounced though; especially in smaller communities where people are a lot more familiar with each other. It seems like you're trying to make a point but I'm not quite seeing what it is...
It's the final sentence I was wondering about. Anyway, never mind.
