Yes, but those children later grow up to be Palestinian terrorists, so they deserve to get bombed. #ZionistLogic
That 'speculation' may be deliberately designed to obfuscate the fact that it may well have been a "bunker buster" bomb.
Of course not! Ha! Ha! Don't be ridiculous, right? I was just addressing your point by providing evidence that shills exist on the Internet, all over the place. But, you're right—I mean, *why* would a shadowy, centralized organization controlling the world's currencies from the world's closely-knit and centrally-managed central banks want to secretly interfere with a profoundly disruptive "trustless, secure" technology like Bitcoin that, if adopted worldwide, would quickly erode their power by decentralizing their control over the world's currencies! LOL! That's absurd. We all know that they play fair and by the rules, out in the open! After all, what's at stake?? Only the entire world economy, hey?!? Carry on.
Submission statement: Went on a hike with my GF to the Grassi Lakes trail near Canmore, Alberta, Canada, located in the Canadian Rockies. Shot these photos of a creek draining from the lake and into the waterfalls. Post-processing was pretty normal, just darkening exposure down to let the stars shine through (just blacks, contrast, and clarity). Nothing added or otherwise artificial.
Would this be a picture just for show? I expected more weight packed on top to direct the projectiles sideways, where they would do the most damage.
Fortunately, the City is building "paranoid schizophrenics only" lanes, so, we're good.
I live downtown and love all the wireless hotspots. It was a major reason I was with Shaw while I was trying to get the most out of the 1GB the Rogers asshats gave me.
Did you know that **[women smoke for different reasons](http://aware.on.ca/sites/default/files/women-and-smoking_0.pdf)** that men? Women have fewer ways to demonstrate independence than men do. Their self-worth is driven by attention from boys (via intense competition for that attention among their peers)? Women are not validated (or, rather, do not receive that validation) through participating in the same avenues as boys do (sports, academics, etc.). Just simply "knowing it's bad for you" isn't enough. A daughter here, a daughter there, sure, a dad can look and say, "Whelp, I told 'em." But, as a population, we can be more aware and do better. That is what I am saying. Everyone as a whole benefits when we delve deeper into WHY people make choices, and, when that data is revealed to be incongruous to the best choices or society's goals, then we can act. Just shrugging it off as something someone "just did" isn't going to better things for anyone coming into these vulnerable ages.
*Control*. The things you just described remove the centralized authorities' ability to control you. As you know, there are hundreds of offenses, the bulk of which are not related to driving, where the State can restrict your driver's license, thus restricting your mobility. This is what they don't want. They want *their* capital to zoom freely around the world via free trade agreements, and to enable goods produced in impoverished countries by enslaved people back to sell in your market, where you are still restricted. They make the money off the margins and you still have very little economic mobility. The purpose of this is/should be to change this, to loosen the grip of these corrupt, centralized governments on restricting how you trade, where, and with whom. They want that power for themselves and their friends. They are not willing to play the game according to their own rules. That is what I think Bitcoiners are working to change.
I am saying that a simplistic view of "they knew it was bad for them, so why should they be surprised if it kills them? How are the companies responsible??" isn't helpful or productive. It is simplistic in that it ignores the human, deeply psychological reasons why people smoke, and we know from viewing emails, research, and other documentation produced by these very companies that they know this and have deftly capitalized on these views to increase smoking among new customers. Viewing it as a *choice* is actually too simplistic. These addictions, [as we are now discovering,](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/johann-hari/the-real-cause-of-addicti_b_6506936.html) go deeper and have different causes than we thought. Do you think we are addressing these deeper causes? Humans are treated as individuals today, but the needs of our social animal nature is ignored. This is largely what drives smoking. Your daughter, for instance, was seeking to enforce boundaries by making a long-lasting decision contrary to your wishes. Research, however, shows that smoking rates decline if other ways to allow teens to demonstrate their independence are enforced. It's not that you were a bad parent. There are other things that we can all do together.
