REI tents seem to be overpriced to me, and for backpacking seems pretty heavy for what you do get. It's basically over-engineered and charges boutique pricing. I don't have a particular suggestion for car camping at this point since I went hammock and never looked back. Backpacking though you have a *ton* of options for around REI's price point (it's no longer a minor brand name, you're paying for the REI label at this point). If you use hiking poles you might want to consider something that isn't stand-alone, like a lightheart gear tent, or one of the MRS line, or even a Big Agnus. You can get pretty lightweight if you shop around too. Jetboils are fine if you're wanting to boil water, fast, and don't mind the weight, and are willing to lose the speed and the efficiency if you're going to camp anywhere with anything more than a breeze. They aren't efficient in the wind. At all. And for me at least they'r damn heavy. The Titanium option wasn't bad, but I don't think they make that any more. For roughly the same price I can get an MSR micro rocket or gigapeak and something like an evernew Ti pot and save half a pound or more on my cook kit. I could also go with a caldera cone kit and an alcohol/spirit stove solution and go quiet and a little slower (about 7-10 minutes to boil water). If I upgraded to TI I'd be rocking less weight than the other two options. Plus, once you buy your stand alone pot, it can be moved between systems. The Jetboil is pretty much only usable by jetboil systems. You're locked in. Sleeping bags- Check out Enlightened Equipment. They actually sell closed footbox quilts. I really like them since they combine the lightness of a mummy bag and the comfort of... well... a blanket. They're also economical compared to the competition.
If you have a dehydrator you can make all kinds of meals. I dehydrate peas, pepper strips, green beans, then dehydrate some hummus, either store bought or home made. Dehydrate, run the hummus through the blender, rehydrate at camp. Very tasty snack for lunch.
I started with the Ukulele Boot Camp chord drills for C like... 2 weeks ago. Once I got most of those comfortable, especially as others have mentioned C, Am, F, and G/G7, you can start moving on to songs. I picked up Stand By Me because it's dirt simple, you can use it to practice different strum patterns and see how it changes the sound of the song, and it is a song we all know and probably like okay. It's also if memory serves like the 50's pop song progression of doom.
Making your own taco seasoning is dirt simple, and if you want to share with your dogs, you can omit the onion powder. Seasons roughly 1lb of meat * 1 tablespoon chili powder * 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder * 1/4 teaspoon onion powder * 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes * 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano * 1/2 teaspoon paprika * 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin * 1 teaspoon sea salt * 1 teaspoon black pepper I use this without thickeners and just let reduce until it's fairly saucy. Works fine. I also tend to omit the red pepper flakes or at least reduce them if I am not in the mood for heat. If you want a thickener to make a more traditional taco seasoning sauce, you could probably throw some corn starch in or maybe some xantham gum (though not much, a little goes a long way and too much creates a slimy consistency). Adjust salt to taste, and consider cutting down the teaspoon of black pepper. It makes things pretty peppery.
Big fan of rum &amp; spiced cider on a cold night. Instant cider works but isn't great sadly unless someone knows a better brand than Alpine.
Egg crystals are better for this anyway. Weigh way less. Buy ovum egg crystals, dehydrate bell peppers, get some turkey sausage that's been cooked &amp; crumbled, dehydrate it, then rehydrate on the trail and make some killer burritos for a fraction of the weight. Dehydrate mushrooms too if you want, they dehydrate great. Onions are smelly to dehydrate and you can just get the freeze dried ones to get some mild oniony flavor going. Heck you could dry out diced tomatoes and rehydrate those if needed. For longer term tortilla storage packitgourmet used a vacuum packer to make smaller batches of tortillas packed for freshness: http://blog.packitgourmet.com/2009/10/life-of-tortilla.html
Not particularly worth it. I looked and they generally charge more than what you'd pay if you just bought the DLC off of Steam. My suggestion is to wait for a steam sale. They were offering 40% off most of the DLC over the Christmas holiday. Next sale is probably around Valentine's Day or possibly easter/spring break.
hikelospadres.com for a giant database on trails and campsites. Good News Everybody, they just lifted fire restrictions in the LP! You can have a camp fire again! Or an alcohol stove, or a biofuel stove!
How did I know that you had an EE? EE has a long lead time now but man... their quilts are awesome. Dollar value to performance is insane, weight is good, it's just a fantastic product from a fantastic company. If you toss or are a little bit round like I am, you can get a wider quilt. Helps out a lot. You won't rack up weight like I do since you basically say you are pretty petite in height.
Protip: Backbone trail is not a trail you can camp on. There are campsites around but logistically it's difficult.
