You can do either. I'd just buy it a the station and use the $8 you get on it to start - then register it online at http://www.smartrip.com (only one T) and you can set it to auto reload every so often.
You'd think they have Internet or something.
I just graduated 6 months ago and made $90k right out of school. I don't see what's so difficult.
I don't think you realize how much trains cost to run. MARC has been operating at a huge loss for years, which is why they started charging surcharges for WV users since they weren't even getting tax money from those riders. Now the tax money they do get from Marylanders isn't cutting it, so yeah, fare increase. At least it's not Metro which jacks it up every year for continuously shitty service. I've always found MARC to be pretty decent and the only issues I've ever had with them are really CSX's fault.
&gt;I'm pretty sure Netflix will lose a big portion of it's subscribers if they do put ads in. This sounds familiar. Remember when they wanted to charge double if you wanted streaming *and* DVDs? They had call centers set up specifically *for* cancellation and weren't even trying to retain customers. Everyone canceled in droves and they *did not care.* They're still successful. They still will be if they put ads in too.
Dickie's wasn't bad for being a chain.
&gt;The landlord CBRE, the monarchs of Clarendon. They're the devil. They don't even fix shit when it breaks.
I've long found that each Arlington borough is reasonably dominated by one landowner/developer that either bought this early on while it was all still farms or bought/inherited it from someone who did the former. CBRE runs almost all of Clarendon, Monday Properties runs almost all of Rosslyn, Vornado Charles E. Smith runs almost all of Crystal City... I'm pretty sure that's where these BIDs come from that host these movie nights, etc. I don't have a source to back it up but it just reeks of that developer trying to drag people into *"their"* borough to spend money at *"their"* lessee's businesses... they're treating the County basically like a bunch of giant malls.
I've primarily used the Brunswick line and I think have rode the others only once each, so the only thing I can qualify those for is that the Penn line usually gets nicer/newer trains... the Brunswick line gets some old ass cars (I rode one with literally just benches once, no plush seat covers, it was like being in church) but I've never experienced engine failure (though I have heard stories). I've only ever experienced delays because there was a freight train slowly working through the block and since it's all CSX's right-of-way, MARC gets second priority and has no choice but to wait. On your note about the one engine always breaking down, this reminds me of my university's bus system - the buses were constantly in the shop for something because they were 15 years old and had easily a half-million miles on them. The university would never buy a new one for $400k because it was only $30k to fix it...even after the 15 fixes it would take to show that buying a new one was cheaper, it came down to this: the "buying new shit" budget and "cost of doing business" budget were not only two different buckets, but run by two very different departments. Buses breaking down was a cost of doing business and they kept handing out blank checks. Buying a new bus? Fuck that we don't have that kind of money! If my private university did that, there's not a doubt in my mind the MTA does it even worse.
It is. My company only gives me $100/month and it's piling up...I have over $700 on my SmarTrip at this point just because I never even use that much to get there.
