Well, I've not followed what other companies are offering, but in the past I found Feral more or less best value. Could you give some competitors that you think are better value? Note that Feral have not enforced bandwidth limits for ages., except for http and transmission traffic.
Yeah- read what Lemon says to you because he is the boss of Feral. For more than a year, I think, my bandwidth figure reads as a few GB per month as my actual traffic is for the types of traffic Feral does not count. It kinda makes sense; I think by now Feral has a lot of long term customers like me, who are in any case using much much less than the theoretical bandwidth limits.
It's a terrible road. Also prone to awful jams when it's nice weather at weekends and people are trying to go to Scarborough etc.
1) compromise for historical reasons. 2) benefits employees in retail. But I agree, for corporates and for consumers, I cannot see the benefit.
It is likely she would change, but bear in mind all cats are princesses and princes, and you are kinda forced into lifelong slavery when you take one on. But you had them already- you surely know that. PS Plus on top of that, they are plotting to kill you. Seriously- yes she would change, but it might take a couple of years. Or it might be overnight if you're lucky. One thing I do know- it's impossible to predict whether a cat will want to sit on your lap.
An adapter is fine, but make sure you get one that is stable- you could always just run it off an extension lead. I don't know about NZ, but here in the UK Feliways have just come out with a more stable design; of course that means we had to buy a new one as the refills only fit the new diffusers....
Do you live in Newcastle?
This post is brilliant, but will make no sense to anyone who's not been following a recent mad person who keeps posting this. https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/3z4w8q/uk_ppl_am_i_ugly_like_this_going_outdoors/
It's safe, but the tl;dr is most people suggest using an old version, 2.2.1 which you can get from filehippo or oldapps.
Franks but not French?
