There's always going to be that one guy who shotguns the good craft beer, that's why you always bring a crappy flat of Molson dude.
Put it something like a septum clicker to make taking it out and putting it back in less of a hassle.
If your building has 4 meters, then it also has 4 panels. It is strange that all 4 of these panels would be in an area that isn't accessible to you, is there a portion of the building that you aren't able to get to? It's really difficult to wire a duplex, triplex or fourplex incorrectly and cross wires over. You don't just haphazardly jump from one room in one unit to another room a different unit. It's just not something that is going to happen very often. You said that you check voltages at all of your outlets and were able to roughly confirm that 8 of 9 were on a single 120v leg of your panel, probably not a big surprise because with that few receptacles, they are honestly probably all on the same circuit. Things you haven't taken in to account are lights being in the other leg of your panel. What about large plug-in appliances like your fridge? Or did you pull it out from the wall to test the voltage? Kitchen hoodfan or Microwave OTR, dishwasher, washing machine? It is EXTREMELY unlikely that there is anything wrong. The only thing I could see being an issue is the ungrounded outlets and your electronics.
They say that until there is a fire and guess who the first person to get a finger pointed at is going to be.
Again, those are HOME speeds, you can get way faster speeds for businesses because you're needing to possibly provide Internet for hundreds of employees, not just 4 people
State of the art machines.... AMD processors and 8.00GB of RAM with no mention of MHz.
I have a friend who despite finally agreeing with me that it was Laurie after weeks of arguing with him that there was no 'r' at the end, still just says Laurier. This was probably 8 years ago. I don't know if it's out of habit or just to spite me.
Seeing as there is no 'i' between the 'v' and 'ous', no it isn't.
It's just because we have the Internet now that it seems so consistent. Not saying that it makes any of it justifiable, but you get national and world wide news now, instead of local only.
Weapon checks are pretty much standard now to make sure nothing is sharp, or real. And you get a bright zip-tie or something similar attached to said weapon.
