Immortality.
I'd absolutely love Google + if it were seamlessly integrated into everything Google, but as it stands, its simply a poor replacement for Facebook for me since I find FB creepy and as creepy as Google is, I don't have to deal with family on them.
Okay, first. Biological immortals - the Centurions. A group of powerful human beings who, thanks to a number of scientific innovations, cannot age. They can still die, so they aren't necessarily immortal, but they are immortal in that they live forever. Of course, by the time the main story takes place, most of them are dead, but that's irrelevant to this question. As for Gods, there are two main godlike beings in my world - the first(though I hesitate to order them first and second) are the Sentinels of Dawn, mechanized warriors cast in the early dawn of Time to protect and serve the Empire. Eons after the it has faded away into disexistence, they still stand guard, waiting for the day when the heir returns to bring the Empire back to it's former glory. The second is an oddity - they are, quite simply, the Past, Present, and Future, manifested as physical entities. It's weird - I know, but the way it ties into the story works it out to be a pretty cool concept.
Bastille's cover of ['What Would You Do?'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceYjUymR-wo), [original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LahcSFleKm8) by City High.
Am I on a list for clicking that?
&gt;I'm worried that it might not sell more than a hundred copies unless the main character is a bald space marine. Erm...sarcasm I hope? If not, you have a serious misunderstanding of the modern game industry.
A number of things, some of which I'll miss: 1. Hyper Light Drifter - I really think the art for the game speaks for itself - so atmospheric and mysterious, and that's a feeling I kind of wanted to recreate. 2. Music - Catching Flies, Tycho, Stellardrone, many others all serve as a constant source of inspiration. 3. Hotline Miami - I wouldn't necessarily say this alone is an influence, or its style of gameplay is, but its narrative structure - where you aren't really sure what is real and what isn't - has been a huge influence on the way I write some of my stories. 4. Myself - A ton of my inspiration comes from inside - trains of thought, dreams, past experiences, all of these influence my stories in important, and I dare say, the most important ways.
The main problem I have with articles like that is they've been saying the same thing for *so damn long.*
Hydrogen by M.O.O.N.
Dune has all your answers, really.
