Checked the account history on several of those posts. not one over a year old, but interestingly enough the highest upvoted one has posted to /r/gonewild often. That must be a fun day at the office.
Except for real firefights are nothing like that.
Probably something along the lines of "Well it's your job, I delegated to you, so take care of it"
Where do you go that gives Jim Bean citywide for $3? You must be going to one of the fancy $5 bars. Usually the $3 bars are like Old Grandad and what ever beer they can find that is cheaper than PBR.
I'm ok with the FBI having planes. I can see lots of scenarios where it's useful. I don't understand the secrecy outside of a sting operation?
Oh that's right that hotel incident. Probably nothing will happen then other than a small sound bite on the CNN. Everyone has moved on so I doubt anyone cares about OJ.
There is a big difference between anti-vaxers and anti-GMO's in my mind. Vaxers have a huge amount of studies and clinical research to show that they are safe over the years. We can definitively prove that over 20 years vaccines are safe and effective with no long term side effects. They chose to willfully ignore scientific evidence. GMO's do not have that same body of research behind them and there are still huge gaps in our knowledge of genetics and how DNA is actually expressed in the cell. What they are doing is changing the geneotype of an organism, we do not know all the details of how that changes the phenotype of the cell. For example, what if a random mutation to a gene three chromosomes over changes the protein expression of our modified gene and suddenly what was a healthy cell is now producing a mild toxin. It may only have a 0.0001% chance of happening, but it's still something we should identify from a scientific standpoint. The problem is we have a general lack of scientific evidence from independent sources. Essentially anyone really educated in the area should see that GMO's are *probably* safe, but we just don't have the volumes of scientific data to back that up. Also, if you look into the funding climate for this research, their is a huge squeeze in public funding for GMO's and because of the anti-GMO lobby the cost associated with research is going up. So now the only people who can afford to do the research are the ones creating the organisms in the first place. **That** is why I'm nervous about GMO's. We need ongoing continual research into the long term effects of GMO's on the public health. The funding should come from public entities so that we have unbiased research into the long term health. Currently the only people who are doing the studies to say it's safe are the corporations who are creating these, and they do not have an incentive to continue research on the long term effects. Odds are it's safe, but we need continual research to ensure it's safe over the long road. The last thing we want is to find out 50 years later that Asbestos actually does cause cancer. The anti-GMO lobby took these legitimate scientific concerns and just ran with it...but the reality is there is some truth to their underlining concerns even if they can't express it. tl;dr: It's not the GMO's themselves, it's the funding climate around the scientific research into GMO's.
Honestly, it's probably a just google thing. Most likely the relevant articles use present tense and are indexed as "improves". It's not really correcting your grammar, but noticing that relevant articles use a different phrasing so when your results turned up so low they offer another suggestion to improve your results. It's kind of like how when you google "Jew" for a long time the top link was to an anti-semite website.
Found this [gem](http://i.imgur.com/qlBxfDi.jpg) in his comment history (NSFW).
Just to suggest /r/hvac may be able to help.
