That's going to make it look completely bizarre, like a triangular spruce lollipop on a stick, and it's only going to get even more bizarre as the tree matures and gets bigger. A natural spruce outline includes the branches sweeping softly all the way down to the ground. Lopping off the lower branches 8 feet up is ugly IMO. Much better to let it go as unworkable. There is also the issue of the home's foundation. A large tree like that needs to be at least 20 feet away.
Where are you located? Precisely when did you transplant them? Did they flower in previous years? How long had they been living next to the driveway? Are you asking about the ones you moved, or the ones still next to the driveway, or both?
Why is it like that? Did someone prune it, or disease, or what?
&gt; I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area My understanding of the article is that it depends on the species. &gt;I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area You really have to know your nursery. Some of them are simply outlets for mass market stuff, in which case they're going to sell whatever is the most popular.
Nothing is going to grow in the dense shade under the maple. You can grow greens and lettuce in dappled shade. If you can pick a spot that gets the full blast of the 6 hours of direct, continuous sunlight, without being filtered through any tree leaves, you can grow peppers, tomatoes, etc. A 6x6 box is going to need stepping stones in the middle to enable you to reach the center without walking on the soil,which compacts it. Raised beds tend to be multiples of 4 feet wide, not 6, such as 4x4, 4x8 etc This is because the average human can reach 2 feet into a bed while kneeling at the side, so a 4 foot wide bed allows you to reach the center from either side without stepping on the soil.
Oaks, hickories, walnuts, and hornbeams have deep roots, but they're all slow-growing, and I have no idea how good they are at "soaking" up groundwater. Where are you located? What spot in your landscaping are you trying to fill with a tree?
Not sure how you're defining "flat", but Fannie Farmer's Banana Bread has been my go-to for years, and it's definitely rounded. http://www.grouprecipes.com/14816/fanny-farmers-banana-nut-bread.html The bananas should be black-ripe, and you should mash them with a potato masher to nearly liquid. You can omit the whole eggs and just use egg whites if you're cooking for low-cholesterol people. The strange thing is that it uses no fat or oil at all, so it's also suitable for low-fat diet.
&gt;It's called jasmine. That's what they mean by jasmine when the mention jasmine. There are a lot of different plants that go by the colloquial name "jasmine", and in this particular case, the plant that the OP is asking about isn't a jasmine at all.
They need the equivalent of an inch of rain every week, so if it doesn't rain all week, you'll need to water them. Also if your weather turns hot, dry, and windy, they'll need some extra waterings until they're established and start putting out new growth.
Cantaloupe = watermelon, basically. Same regimen, same care, same pests. Large melons take longer to come ripe, but Moon and Stars is smaller so not as lengthy a wait. Bunnies figure that canteloupe = watermelon, too. You need a bunny fence. Any wire fence will do, but either : A. the bottom wire needs to be pegged tight to the ground so Bun can't push his head and shoulders under it, and shove it up, and wriggle under. or B. The bottom 12" or so needs to be buried. or C. You lay out the bottom 12" flat on the ground next to the fence, in an L-shape. If there's plenty of other food around, a simple wire fence may be enough to discourage them. Note that a full-grown rabbit can wriggle easily through a chain link fence opening, so any wire fencing has to have openings smaller than that. Chicken wire, or hardware cloth.
