It is threads like this that give the CTE a bad name in the battlefield community. A few loudmouths crying about stuff that does not need to be fixed.
Running into Claymores is literally carelessness. I know man, we have all been into that. You run around a corner, probably want revenge on some guy. Boom. You are dead. It also happens randomly, some guy cleverly places the Claymores at his flanks. Or that one time I placed a Claymore directly in the "out of nowhere" area south of F on Golmud Conquest Large - someone really ran into it. But - the thing I described above is a one in a million occurence. Most of the time people place it in doorways. And that is perfectly fine. If you don't run around careless you will never run into a claymore. You either: 1) Throw a grenade at it 2) Shoot the claymore at a safe distance 3) Wait till a friendly hits the claymore and revive him/heal him 4) Simply go the other flank. It does not warrant a nerf in any way. It is a very situational tool, if you nerf it, no one will ever use it again. Same as the nerf was too much with the SLAMs (and keep in mind, I never used them much, but still think the nerf to them was too much)
1.) You can never see your own soldiers face anyway 2.) Having to render more detailed/different faces per character adds unneccesary strain to the games performance 3.) When I am in a firefight I want to be able to immedieately tell which threat I am facing 4.) Adding this in would bring absolutely nothing new to the gameplay table and would waste valuable ressources
So awesome! Finally a proper battlefield map!
Blame the newer generation of gamers with attention spans of a fruitfly for all those clusterfuck maps we had in BF3/4. Now finally a proper map comes around and they still have the nerve to complain.
Not this shit again. On EVERY map there are points of interests and flags that are exclusively made for infantry fighting. If you so desire you can fight there the entire round as infantry. The rest of the players engage in combined arms warfare meanwhile. Why? Because this is battlefield! I am so glad DICE doesn't cater to people always whining about those evil vehicles and how they disrupt their gameplay. Why even play battlefield in the first place if you do not like its core mechanics?
This sounds actually pretty cool!
I habe absolutely no problem melting people up close with the AEK, FAMAS or some PDWs, even against shotgun users. Not at all. You should simply adapt and get better at the game before crying wolf that XY is OP or UP.
If the only reason you play a game because of a meaningless virtual carrot in form of 'ranks', instead to actually PLAY BECAUSE THE GAME IS FUN, then there is something wrong with you, not the game. I couldn't care less what silly number stands beside my name, because I'm having fun with the game.
Or you could simply shoot the guy, sparing you from a silly overly long animation. Why this is in the game in the first place I will never understand.
