Will they be able to restart it when Germany eventually comes to its senses, or does the permanent shutdown process destroy the reactor?
&gt; Mitchelle Blair was attending a custody hearing This is probably going to hurt her chances of getting custody of her surviving children.
So they will likely begin dismantling the reactor as soon as possible. Merkel's Panic will have very expensive, long term consequences. What a shameful legacy.
It is absolutely beyond the pale that this paper - Karl et al., 2015 - is being accepted uncritically by /r/skeptic. It is a work of political activism, not science. You must know that if you accept this sort of dishonest limits-of-plausibility data massaging in climate studies, you give it validity in other areas. Is it really worth accepting corruption of science to strengthen a negotiating position for the Paris Climate Treaty?
This fact does not enhance the credibility of the paper, but it does harm the credibility of *Science*. And this is exactly the problem.
I wonder if we could agree not to call it an "earthquake" if it has a seismic energy less than that caused by a passing truck.
But they did that by counting negative externalities as costs, which is totally illegitimate unless you also count positive externalities as benefits.
Inexpensive energy has many positive externalities, such as poverty reduction and the accompanying benefits including basic health care and education.
It is more effective and ultimately more efficient to encourage organic economic growth and reduce poverty than to perpetuate aid schemes that enslave and corrupt. Expensive, aid-subsidized energy will just create and maintain poverty traps. We must not perpetuate these mistakes.
Supposing that you have self-improving AI (AI with a model of itself on which it can operate), it isn't too much of a stretch that the AI can construct models of human minds and forecast their collective desires, detect coherences in those desires (e.g., no one wants to be turned into paperclips).
