I'm gonna get downvoted to fuck for this: But Breaking Bad. All of that ridiculous, nonsensical shit about the ricin cigarette completely ruined that show for me. The plot surrounding it wasn't clever. It was overly convoluted, and felt like an extremely contrived reason to bring friction into the relationship of the two main characters. I mean, honestly. Write down the ricin cigarette plot in bullet points and tell me it doesn't sound outright retarded.
Any change on conductivity triggers the safey device. You can't cut *wet wood* with it, because it will trigger. Sweat. Water. Bugs. Anything. All of that shit will trigger this device.
Yes. Actually. You just defined what an accident *is*. There are no 'unavoidable accidents'. I know every single accident that happened at the saw mill where I work, and every single fucking one of them can be traced back to people doing unsafe shit or not being told how to do something *properly*. If you use a saw properly, *your fingers will not touch the blade*. If that blade is ever spinning, and your finger touches it, *YOU FUCKED UP*. Unless that blade is literally jumping up out of the machine, *you are at fault*. Fuck, if someone *pushes you into the saw* that is still an accident, and was still avoidable! What world do you live in?
I have thought of an unavoidable accident in the meantime. The benching saw where we worked was open at the top, with a 'blade' at the back, to make sure the wood split open for the guy on the other side to grab and pull it through. It keeps the wood straight. Anyway, wood can, in specific cases, get caught on the *back* of the saw, and get flung forwards at the bencher. I've seen it happen. Thankfully, the bencher saw the wood was cracked and got the fuck out of the way once it started moving through the saw. But it spat a heavy-as-fuck jagged piece of wood a good 5-6 metres out over the floor. Not fatal, sure, but it could have broken bones and given nasty cuts. And there was nothing really you could do to avoid that accident except anticipate it. But that still doesn't involve someone touching the saw. I cannot for the life of me think of a single instance where a finger touches a saw that is avoidable by *simple* safety measures and proper technique. *Maybe* if you're shaving a small amount off the side of a piece of wood. But even then, why aren't you using a fucking wooden wedge to push the rest of the wood through the saw, therefor saving your fingers? Ugh.
That is definitely one place I can see this working.
tl;dw: I spent five minutes in what was clearly a laggy server and uninstalled the game.
In the versions that weren't censored for moral panic, you could murder children. *That* evil.
I'm predicting about... maybe -50. maybe even -100. Unless you chicken the fuck out, /u/MikeVick2015, and delete your comment.
As someone in the outback, all I can think is... Why the fuck isn't that horse gelded?
Lag. Lag in videogames makes me fucking wild. I don't mind if someone is better than me, but as an Australian living in the middle of nowhere with some of the worst internet infrastructure you've ever fucking seen, losing the majority of the time due to latency and lag issues makes me froth at the mouth and scream obscenities at my tv that most other people keep to themselves or yell out of car windows.
