It's nearly impossible to actually "eye test" teams cross-region in LoL. Doing that in League would be like if Asian soccer (football) teams decided to play 2 keepers and 6 strikers while European played 9 defenders and 0 keepers and America played 11 midfield. The styles, metas and overall level of comfort is hilariously inconsistent worldwide. I believe it was EU that took literally 2 months to start playing Sivir while NA and China and Korea were both well into the Sivir craze. EU is currently in an all out aggression early game and fuck teamfights meta (which got Fnatic so far at MSI) while NA is in a late game team centric meta. This is like back in S3 (I believe) except reversed. EU was the "20 minutes of nothing happening, then a team stomps a teamfight after 10 minutes wandering around baron aimlessly" region while we saw the rise of C9 with coordinated team calling and pushing early game leads to the point of the other team being entirely helpless in NA. No meta is better than the others. Late game teamfight comp falls behind massively? Well good luck with your Athene's, Rod Orianna and haunting guise armguard Rumble trying to wombo. Flipside, early game comp doesn't get the lead they need to coast to a win? Prepare for some horrendously one sided teamfights because, shockingly, Irelia/Zed/Corki can't efficiently kill Cassio/Sej/Gnar/Sivir.
Ignoring the fact that the home advantage is flawed in that it's not adjusted for relative opponent strength, the data is biased by that loss streak at home. It's a part of the "data" in the same way as if 5 darts out of 100 flat out missed a dartboard is part of the data.
I really liked Rochelle from Season 12 and Mary from Season 11. I'm not even sure why. Mary should have won, even ignoring what happened to Ja'nel. Rochelle was just silly and probably wouldn't have ran a team well, but she was just so *happy*.
Calling Diana a true assassin is greatly exaggerated. She's always been a weird Assassin/Bruiser/Mage hybrid. The shield makes no sense on an assassin, the E makes no sense for any of them honestly and the ult makes no sense for mage or bruiser.
He can't adjust to the meta. He was great during assassin meta. He was great during farm meta. He's done terrible in the mid-range meta that we have now with Azir, Cass and Viktor.
I was impressed I could understand him through the accent. That's a good sign as to how well he's actually doing with the language. His accent is still very heavy though.
It's always impressive when you find a way to get caught out as Urgot.
Kinda. She doesn't need to stay in mid-range though like Cass. Her Q is Ziggs range and her ult is pretty long range. Her E is the only really short range ability.
Why is Origen convincingly winning fights then losing objectives? That mid lane fight where they 3 for 1ed ended with SK dragon. Catching Sven and Fredy then immediately losing mid tower despite having taken 0 damage.
Fight was going fine... then like 3 people flashed over the wall to chase Sven lol.
