This sounds like it's entirely your fault. You think you're a 'romantic,' but what are you actually doing to demonstrate that? Utterly nothing, it sounds like. You're doing the same thing as the people you resent. You think the kind of ideal partner you'd like to attract, who places great value on commitment, is going to be happy about you "hooking up" with random men so you can "get off"? So it sounds to me that like so many others, you care enough about these supposed 'ideals' to make little posts on the internet and crown yourself with silly titles like "New Age Hopeless Romantic," but are are too lazy or incompetent to exercise them in reality.
Explaining again and again that neither Venezula nor any other country is or has been socialist gets very tiresome after a while. Whether a country is 'really' socialist is something people on both sides spend far too much time whining about. What's incontrovertible is that these countries *attempt* to be socialist, which in my eyes makes their failures just as damning.
I never said otherwise. I don't think capitalists generally believe capitalism means wealth and success for everyone.
What are you talking about? Very low amps for what?
Discharge or no, walking on carpet isn't going to generate a 10,000 Volt potential. (EDIT: I'm wrong, yes it can and will.) And besides, these components tend to be mostly conductors or semiconductors. They wouldn't have very low current discharge if a 10K voltage was applied.
You can see visible arcs and sparking way more vibrant than a static electricity zap just fine from a 12 Volt car battery, which is probably only 6 Volts on each terminal from the ground.
...Well dammit. You know what? I'm completely wrong and you're right. I should have just googled static electricity in the first place. I was thinking of that little machine they have in school labs where you wind it up by hand and move the two metal terminals together until they very visibly arc an inch apart, and thinking there's no way you get 100K Volts on that dinky piece of crap from winding it up by hand for 20 seconds. Thinking of Van de Graff generators. But nope, they're both just simple static electricity and both do indeed get up to voltages that high, as do humans on carpet. I have been humbled.
I am getting really, really, goddamn tired of hearing 'love' and 'hate' preached to me by news outlets, advertisers, and politicians. I am getting really tired of being spoken to like a four year old watching Barney. I am getting really tired of hearing grown, adult men saying "You just need to stop *hating* people and *love* people!" The fact that this has seemingly become the standard argument for a variety of issues by grown, adult men is a staggering display of the idiocy of these people and probably the general population. I am getting really tired of people who don't know the first thing about me thinking they have any business whatsoever telling me 'love' and 'hate' is.
If you don't even know whether you have a conflict or not, it sounds to me like you need to go back and think on things. Every conflict needs a resolution in the sense that you need to introduce something to the audience that wasn't there initially. There's no meaning in a drug addict who has a miserable life as a drug addict and nothing else really happens. That's pointless. It's meaningless. Why are you even talking about it? And that's the question you should ask yourself. Why are you even talking to us (the audience) about this? What do you have to say to us? That being a drug addict sucks? We are already know that a thousand times over. If you're writing a story, it needs to be because you have something to say to the audience. So why are you talking to us about this? What is it that your story has to say?
Yep. It's a big problem. If characters aren't doing much except being a part of a background, you should probably compress your story and get rid of them.
