Yeah man, this is really not the time to argue the difference between a pedophile and a child molester.
To me it felt clear Weir didn't put a lot of thought into his structure and literary choices, and that's why I didn't like the book. It was laziness or lack of experience that shaped the story and not deliberate thought.
It's more about nicer hotels/places having the resources to react quickly to bedbugs and get rid of them before they have the chance to spread (too much).
Depends on the office. Some go Obama style and read a sample of letters/emails, many get a tally of for/against on a hot topic. Most correspondences don't reach the elected official in any way. But that's okay. Legislative offices have evolved from the Congressperson, an advisor, and a secretary - into the modern office full of people. Everyone bitches about politicians working just to get re-elected, which is untrue to various degrees, but you can be damn sure everyone else in the Congressional office is working on behalf of their district or State. Their incentive to do a good job is to move up in the DC labrynth or to move back home with a lot of good connections. People don't like selfish assholes, even in DC. Look at what's happening to Ted Cruz and all these colleagues coming out to say what a fuckwad he is. A Capitol Hill staffer who doesn't do a good job, and doesn't actually consider the ramifications of what they're working on in terms of who they're supposed to be working for (making the Congressperson look good to their constituents) will not be trusted with anything. TL;DR your elected official is more like an elected office. Worry less about the one asshole at the top and consider the assholes it surrounds itself with too.
I'm sure your mom was helping him and keeping him alive/not paralyzed, but please edit out the bit about the motorcyclist swallowing his tongue. Swallowing your tongue is something that can't physically happen. The belief that it can causes lots of lost fingers or broken teeth or actual choking when people shove something in an unconscious/seizing person's mouth to prevent them from "swallowing their tongue". Thanks!
Yes, but you don't fix that by putting an object into a person's mouth, as is commonly assumed. The phrase implies a wrong course.of action. Just say the man's airway was obstructed instead. These things make a difference.
That doesn't make much sense though. Aging is mostly just slow minor damage that doesn't get repaired. How come the organs, including skin, get repairs but not other things? Also, if you keep regressing until age 2 then things have to get repaired at some point. Like, your bones shrink and then regrow, so that should repair them, right?
Is ING a decent bank anyway? Like, if I was looking for one to use.
Awesome. Now fight /u/knightoblivion !
RemindMe! 2 days Donatio
