Just got to TH9 last week and I've gone with: AQ (as far as you can) Research, Camps, Spells (and now I have no elixir). AQ is a big boost on offense, but she's pretty weak from the get go. Research gets you better troops, but you also want as many as possible for your next set of raids. I'd take a slightly small TH8 sized offense, if everyone was TH9 sized ... but that takes weeks. In the mean time, I'd rather have the size of TH9 offenses (at TH8 strength) as it could be enough to two or three star a base.
Better than Payton? Yes. Better than Malone? Are you kidding? Malone was a freaking beast, right up until he got hurt. Had he not gotten hurt, the Lakers probably could have beaten the Pistons.
Start with 12oz curls. Move your way up to two 12oz curls. Soon, 16oz curls are in your future. Complete the regime with two 16oz curls.
Ballmer, ultimately, is a sales guy. Ballmer took the helm of a well entrenched engineering based company and basically rode the coat tails of what Gates left behind. During Ballmer's tenure, he did increase the value of the company (share value went up plenty), but he left a huge engineering mess behind with a number of his policies. Now that he's out of the way, MS is making some good inroads on engineering-y things that a lot of users want in this day and age. Let's hope that this updated focus will get some better products out the door and into the hands of more people.
Bumping this unit, as I'm using the same with 300/20Mb (TWC). One feature that isn't implemented: port range forwarding. It's a known requested feature and will come in a future firmware. One thing I can't get "quite right": QoS, without a performance hit. Even at 300/20Mb, I would like to put flagged traffic at lower priority. Every time I have gotten this "working", the performance hit seems quite large.
Nearly 50% in downstream, about 1% upstream. Their forums confirm that QoS doesn't use HW offloading, so QoS is a bit too CPU heavy. Considering the overall speeds coming in, QoS likely isn't a BIG deal for me. If you're getting FTTH, then the hit looks quite large.
A kiwi coming to eat all the tastiest food in LA? [Pretty much](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/077/076/a1.jpg)
Best way I ever killed myself: flying solo in a scout and suiciding with the guided missile. It was near the end of the Neblan Flats (less than 30 seconds), with CTF. I'm flying the bird solo and a bike is approaching, I fly toward the bird (making a dive) and fire the missile. Instead of pulling up and watching the carnage, I just kept flying toward the bike. Next thing I know, I kill myself with my own missile.
Who says California wants low/unskilled labor. Before computers were being built in CA, plenty of clothing was designed and built in CA (denim is still heavily here). This manufacturing long left CA in the late 80s/early 90s and there likely won't be any push to get most of that back. The only major "plant" I'm aware of in CA is the Tesla one and I'm sure every CA representatives will sign a blank check to Mr. Musk to keep most of it in CA. California has a very unique situation where we can attract all levels of skill. Between our colleges and our companies, there is a heavy demand on highly skilled labor to design "things" -- there simply isn't a huge demand to build those "things". So many other countries have already mastered the art of building, why does CA need it back? The big companies that have left CA include big car companies: Nissan and Toyota. Nissan left to Tennessee -- not only for the low taxes, but because the manufacturing plants were already in that state (moving to Nissan also cut hundreds to thousands of jobs). Toyota is moving their main HQ to Texas, but none of their R&amp;D. They will also likely lose ~30-50% of their work force by moving (contractors to full time is nearly 2:1, they won't move any contractors). Between the tax savings of simply getting out of CA, the tax breaks that Texas will give and the sheer number of people that won't relocate (several of my neighbors work at Toyota, they aren't going), you're looking at massive savings by simply changing their PO. What I'm trying to say is: looking strictly at companies leaving California for Texas is a misnomer. You need to dig into the details as to why these companies are leaving and understand that its not JUST lower wages and tax breaks.
&gt; Of course it does, indirectly, that all trickles down. This has been an economic plan since the 80s and it has been proven that it doesn't work. &gt; You start taking large numbers of incomes out of California and you'll start seeing demand falling across the various markets, lessening the various resource demands, including unskilled labor. You're actually listing something that Californians *should* want: get more people to leave the state. People leaving from the CA (specifically in congested LA, Bay Area) would increase the number of available houses. With a surplus of housing, rents would have to be decreased to keep them filled. Los Angeles is very expensive, with no plans to build vertically and we lack affordable housing. Getting enough people to move out of LA would help reduce the costs for everyone, in LA. The numbers of jobs and people leaving from CA are in the four and maybe five figure range. CA has a population of ~18 million people and it would have to take *many* more people to leave CA before any changes were made for business taxes or incentives. Giving companies a tax break once will make them threaten to do it again -- you have to accept that if they want to move, they *will* move.
