All things being equal, sure. But I doubt these women live in a world where they can turn to their husbands, families and community and say 'oh, I'd rather drive thanks', and simply take their children to another school. Certainly not without some kind of consequence. I think most people choose to not cause the fuss. To do what is expected and what their family and community say is 'right'. I'm not sure I want to see the government stepping in. I'm not sure what that could even mean. Certainly while we allow faith schools then this kind of thing can happen. Therefore criticism by outside parties is all we really have and saying 'problem identified and easily avoided' does nothing but enable the situation.
But... They're not all symmetrical.
It's a great moment. Olly's been simmering with discontent and at this moment show watchers perhaps feel he's listened to Sam and maybe changed his mind about it all. Well... he certainly heard the words and is now going to do what he thinks is right. I suspect he's not the only discontent member... and perhaps they've all been talking.
&gt;As I watch a scene where ice zombies fight giants, as men with magical swords shatter the lords of the undead, I look upon the mother unable to put a knife through wight children and say, "that's a bit much, isn't it."
Tilt brush was definitely the one that most sold me on the vive controllers.
&gt;The Story Needs Closure They could put out a comic, animation, or single paragraph to explain what would happen. &gt;Tron Still Has A Faithful Following Not enough to sell the amount of tickets they need. &gt;Disney Needs To Support Original Sci-Fi A film with a sequel, numerous games and a cartoon series is the basis from which a new sequel will be 'original'?
There's a reason why Blair remains political poison for the Labour party.
To be fair, I now want Qatar to host the world cup.
I looked at it, but to be honest I'd want to use it on commercial projects and the time required to learn it makes it a risky proposition. Maybe in the future as you say :)
Lived in a flat in London that had mice. Put down glue traps. Caught cockroaches. Moved out.
