He's running a mix of medium and low settings, and the fact that it already looks better than consoles with these settings (besides shadows) gives me hope for stunning ultra visuals.
Then play DayZ/Arma? Those games are about as hardcore as it gets, but it seems with the term "hardcore" comes broken messes
I beg to differ. The game is already vastly superior now compared to launch. Originally the game wasnt reaching 30fps on a Titan X maxed, now of course, frame rates have pretty much doubled across the board. Also, BS on the 70fps low settings. Im getting around the 50-55 mark on the high preset when running 833p on windowed (but i get to use max render res to make up for running in windowed) and the game looks fantastic. tl;dr, this isnt DayZ. Every other week this game is getting updates and is already miles ahead of how it was at launch. DayZ hasnt improved at all
Thanks, i was pretty happy with the cost around $700, since a friend of mine lent me a spare copy of Windows 7 which I can update to Win10 whenever the need arises. I also got an NXZT340 case (i think thats what its called) and it looks beautiful. For my first PC, the cable management alone is amazing since i can basically shove any unused cables in the space behind the motherboard
I haven't had that issue yet. The more intensive games I own DO go up to the 4 gigs according to MSI Afterburner, but I've yet to encounter problems based off of going above 3.5
Good points. Honestly Im not too worried about the Division since the latest gameplays scream "downgrade" (though I have heard the PC version looks miles ahead of console) As for FFXV, which is currently my most hyped this year, I dont really know how that'll turn out. Yeah the engine has problems, but PS4 can run 25-30fps and just look at how insane that game looks. From my experience, a 970 is about 3x as powerful as the graphics in a PS4. (Going off GTAV at 80-90 fps on high-ultra, and Shadow of Mordor easy 80+ maxed)
Funny enough, I have this exact kit of RAM, though the specs may be different. 8 gigs, DDR4, 2600mhz But how'd you change the color? Mine's blue
Funny enough, I had a dream that my shorted out PS2 started working again, so I plugged it in and it ACTUALLY worked. Spent the next month binging Kingdom Hearts and Battlefront 2
The entirety of the name "Tom Clancy" is realistic, gritty, possible scenarios, which was why Tom Clancy was such a famous writer.
I love when games do 1:1 scale locations like this! AKAIK this game is a pretty flawless 1:1 scale of Manhattan, and I love how massive all the buildings are and how to scale every corner is.
