I've not been to a McDonalds in more than 25 years. What am I missing?
1-ply if you have a septic system. I've errantly fingered my bunghole many, many times.
Accident implies no such thing.
Can you point to a worked example of what you mean?
Dick for following so close.
And by merging illegally, they accomplished exactly what they set out not to do. If they'd allowed more room in front, they could have eased up instead of over.
When we think of brood parasitism in North America, we most often envision parasitism by cow birds. However, cowbirds rarely parasitize barn swallows. Were you able to examine the contents of the nest early or after the eggs were expelled? Barn swallows often lay more than 2 eggs, and so early hatched birds may have pushed out non-hatching eggs (infertile eggs or eggs not yet ready to hatch). Those eggs (those that hatched and those that did not) could have come from the same pair, but alternatively, what you may be witness to is intraspecific brood parasitism, barn swallows trying to rear their young in the nests of others. http://www.bioone.org/doi/abs/10.3161/068.040.0201
This guy engages in the most despicable douchebaggery you can imagine. He's a college dropout that sees no value in education, which is why he's slashed both K-12 education immensely and removed $300+ million from college education. He's disbanded the science arm of the Wisconsin DNR, because who needs information to make decisions? He campaigned on growing jobs and Wisconsin is one of the poorest performers in the Midwest. He campaigned on balanced budgets and reduced taxation, but the reductions in taxes have been meager ($100 less property taxes, for instance) while the budget deficit has skyrocketed. He likened teachers and public safety workers (cops and firefighters) picketing at the state Capitol to terrorists. He wants Wisconsin to be the Mississippi of the North. Mississippi! Are you fucking kidding me. If he becomes president, we'll all be living in Mississippi.
I read that he's reduced weight, to 206 or so, down from what at one time was around 222. Hopefully this reduction in weight allows him to better keep his feet under him, allowing him to maximize his incredible skillset. I'd love to see him as the 4th or 5th S. I see them keeping Abdullah, Parker, Branch, Kelcie, and Commings, with Berry on NFI.
I hate IT at my place of employment. They think security trumps capability. I think if they sacrifice capability for security, they aren't good enough for their job. IT works when no one hears from them EVER, but I fucking deal with them damn near everyday. I hate IT.
