Kobe isn't greater than LeBron lol! What are you high! What are you basing this on? Being on Shaq's team for 3 championships? Getting drafted by a team that went 56-26 and then 60+ wins the next year?
Yeah they don't plan on doing anything about it and they haven't acknowledged it either
[Here's](http://youtu.be/st4ghssHopY) my one and only gameplay on Gephyrophobia if you wanna take a look to see how a match goes. I've only gotten the opportunity to play it once and I made it count lol. Make sure you go for the sniper. You'll land the most kills :)
Yeah seriously. Search: soda can remnant
How do you do it?! Are you spring jumping? I tried in custom Games and wasn't getting particularly close at landing it :/
No you can BXB people in halo 2 and they'll die if the first melee was a moving melee
whats his legacy ?
Lebron is a 4x MVP, and has been the best player in basketball for around 10 years now. He's also been better than Kobe at every corresponding age in the NBA starting from 18 all the way to 30 (this won't change any time soon) and he's also averaged more points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks on a better shooting % in regular season and playoffs, and better points, rebounds, assists and shooting % in the finals (Kobe, 41% in the finals = Yikes!). LeBron is also a 2x Finals MVP on both of his championship teams and has been the undisputed best player on his team for his entire career every year (something Kobe can never say in Shaq's 3 championships with the Lakers) He has crushed this whole LeBron vs Kobe thing and it hasn't been particularly close either. And dont get me started on all star selections. Lmao you serious? You're telling me lebron would have to twiddle his thumbs and wait for 5 more years and wait to be greater than Kobe Bryant? Laughable way of looking at things, especially considering Kobe hasn't even played the last two years, stunk up the joint with his shooting % and gotten voted in anyway. Yeah really great way of defining greatness. You don't know what you're talking about.
"It measures about 13 inches long" No way! Me too :D
Hey that's pretty cool!
