If I ever end up in a fight, I'm going to fight dirty. I would do everything in my power to avoid a fight, so if I end up in one, there's no way that I'm holding back. Besides, I'm weak as fuck, so I would need every possible advantage.
I wouldn't go so far as to say that it's dead, but it's nothing like what it used to be. I'm fairly new to photography (7 years experience), and I'm actually a professional, working for someone else. I still have so much to learn that it can be a bit discouraging. At least it is until I remember just how much I love shooting...
No kidding. I was once taking bird photos, and I ended up with about 3,000 shots. There were about 20 that were actually worth posting to Facebook, and only four or five that I would consider to be really good.
Thankfully, MN has a law that allows you to run a red if it is safe to go, and if it's been red for an unreasonable amount of time. I'm pretty sure that 11 minutes counts as "unreasonable".
Even worse is when people think that it's acceptable to mess with your computer when you're trying to use it. I yelled at one of my friend's brother, because he tried to shut my laptop when I was using it. I mean, not only is it really irritating, but it's possible to damage the screen, and that would be a very expensive and time-consuming fix.
Yoyogi is such a beautiful place...
I live in Minnesota, and I'm always amazed by how much people struggle in the snow. I get that learning handling intricacies may take a while to learn, but it doesn't take an F1 driver to understand that flooring your car from a stop on ice is not a good way to get moving.
Pilots are awesome people. I might be biased though, since a ton of my friends' parents are pilots.
I've hit 47 on my road bike, and I know people who have topped 60. Someone in my club even crashed at 50 once. They ended up with a pretty serious concussion, but apparently the helmet saved their life. Plus, call me weird, but I actually think that they look pretty cool.
I'd probably try to demonstrate some math theorems. Showing the Pythagorean theorem should be fairly simple to do, and there shouldn't be any communication issues. I suppose that the internet could also be a good way to turn. Just google "Math visualizations", or something similar.
