That's an interesting angle to think of it from. There are two types of virtualization possible today, seperated into two types, based on how they work: * Type 1 Hypervisor - software virtualization, runs as a program from within another OS. Has very significant performance impacts and generally less customization. * Type 2 Hypervisor - a super slimmed down OS made just for virtualization is either laid down on the hardware from the date the system is stood up, or shimmed in between the previous OS and bare metal later. Hyper-V is a type 2 hypervisor. It's the free and awesome virtualizaion platform made by Microsoft, and built in (but not enabled by default) on Windows 8 and up). What you can do from Windows 8 and up is use your PC, get it configured the way you want to as your daily driver machine. When you're ready, Add the Windows Feature for HyperV. Now, some low level things happen. Hyper-V is turned on, and transparently becomes the actual Operating System running on your hardware (the 'bare metal' hypervisor, it is called). Your host OS, the OS you were running pre-Virtualization, becomes a special type of deified VM called the host partition, which is basically a VM which is able to see the physical devices on your computer. The cool thing about it is that you still log on to your host OS when you use the system, you just access child VMs using the Hyper-V application. Super cool, it's how myself and my colleagues do use-case testing for our clients all day, every day. Any future VMs created on the system are sometimes referred to a child partitions, and they can only see a subset of virtual references to these hardware devices. There do exist technologies to map a GPU thru the bare-metal to a child VM, for instance. Another common use case is to map certain harddrives or arrays of drives through to child VMs, commonly called pass-thru disks. You'll find that people readily attempt to hack out of the VM sandbox to touch the host OS, but Virtualization by its very nature with Type 2 HyperVisors almost inhibit it from the get go. Type 1 Hypervisors are much, much more susceptible to the sorts of attacks you suggest. So, I kind of rambled a bit, but you seemed to be interested in this sort of thing, so I hope you liked the read :)
&gt; If I use a more consumer friendly OS like any of the various Linuxes LOL. So, just to be clear, out of the box, all hypervisors will do a pretty good job of sandboxing VMs away from the host. The software hypervisors just do a worse job of it, because there already is an OS running on bare metal, and it's not them! Sometimes you need to pass-through physical devices to a VM, I was just giving you some use cases here. When you use those technologies though, your VMs become inherently less portable, because they become dependent on a given hardware configuration.
Microsoft currently sells through third party companies like Dell, and Hp a 'Get Genuine Kit', which is basically a 'sign here, don't do it again and give us $20' deal to go from illegitimate to legitimate Windows. I expect they'll use this mechanism again. Edit: just so you all know, we do NOT know how much the Get Genuine Kits will cost for Windows 10, should Microsoft go that route. It has been heavily suggested that it will happen, but nothing set in stone, yet.
Somehow this serves to make your TV look super small. I like it though!
What's the experience like, going VPN on a mobile? Do you have a big drop as the VPN reconnects when your phone changes towers? Are there any serious quality of life impacts I'll incur, moving to always VPN?
It is very, very common practice to block outbound VPN tunnels from within a corporate network. Before you think you could scale corporate notice, you should understand two things: * your VPN may never work while connected to the corporate LAN * your using a VPN would be a huge red flag and likely could start a series of events that would end in your termination It's super sketchy to VPN out from a corporate network, and if it even does work, many corporate services like email, chat and fileshare access could be impacted (broken) if your VPN establishes.
It's true, my wife and I have reconsidered travel because of the absurdity of our security theatre here in the states.
Remind me! One day.
Does she still have the eyeball?
All these do is make certain worms (which live in your lower gi tract) not want to live there any more. If a parasite doesn't live in your gut, if wouldn't work.
