Pro tip: put meat in sealed bag. Put bag in iced water in the sink. Use ice water to minimise bacterial growth. Faster than a microwave and infinitely more delicious.
Agreed. Book javert is not a villain. He is someone bound by a moral code as well and is a tragic character. He doesn't believe in redemption, and when faced with JVJ's redemption he can't handle it and mills himself.
I don't want to see a ghost It's a sight that I fear most I'd rather have a piece of toast And watch the evening news --- Really. Pick anything from the song. But that's my least favourite.
I agree. Arguably the fittest man to play AFL in history and ran middle distance olympic times. But look at the midfield over that era and tell me who he pushes out!
There is also Deezer which offers lossless streaming. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_on-demand_streaming_music_services And a bunch of others I've never heard of.
It's actually life insurance. By an absolute mile.
Population Australia - 23m Greater Melbourne (4.1m) + Greater Sydney (4.3m) + Greater Brisbane (2.1m) - 10.5m, that almost gets you there alone. Only 1m short - and that's just using a quick google, I actually think Melbourne and Sydney are bigger than that, so might already get there alone (together with Brisvegas) They use to call it the Rockhampton to Adelaide line - it covers like only 15% of the landmass of Australia, but more than 85% of the population. I'm sure that if you just coloured in the coast from Brisbane down to Melbourne, that would get you &gt;50% for Australia.
If there is a more perfect video to sum up Carlton's season than those few seconds of the fumbling in the forward line, I haven't seen it.
He reminds me of Popovich. Gets the best out of people who may not be the most talented, excellent at developing talent in his team, and ensures that players put the team above individual glory. Adjusts the team strategy in accordance with his time - see the way the Spurs game has developed over time as their stars have aged. Similarly, is kind of a teacher of coaches the same way Pop is. Also quite clinical about things (although Clarko gets more emotional than Pop).
Hawthorn v Brisbane, the "stand in the shade" game. Hawks fans gloating, followed by becoming apopleptic about all our guys on one wing of the ground and then getting smashed in the last quarter. edit: 1995 at the Gabba - had to look up the year.
