It's work, but $40 of stickers to raise a price $100 is an investment shady people would make.
They're playing Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin this year! Whoa, Buddy!
I actually imagine it's like an acid trip for a dog. Think about it: dogs get a whole lot of information from their super sensitive nostrils. They sniff so much on walks... Driving has to push all that info in at highway speeds! All the smells blasting into their nose, like listening to every radio station at once! It's gotta be wild.
Start with a dehumidifier. It could just be damp.
Habitat for Humanity will take that furniture, also.
I think that the difference comes from the depth of understanding, if that makes sense. Any teenager can write a song about anarchy after reading the definition in the dictionary or getting misinformation from friends... When you get to bands like Propaghandi or the Dead Kennedys, the lyrics seem simple but cover more intensive to topics, something you'd have to be at least a little well-read to understand. This comes out really well when songs discuss specific political events, or get into a vocabulary that's more esoteric. You can still write fucking goofy songs anyway, though. I mean, Dead Kennedys did "Rawhide," and "Stealing People's Mail" for crying out loud. I think something that gets forgotten or dismissed is that, sometimes when these songs are written, the people writing them aren't informed or just young and dumb. The songs get popular, people love 'em, they stick around. There's nothing wrong with it, just like there is nothing wrong with goofy songs, or sings you just don't agree with. As long as you remember there's always more to it, more to learn, and more out there, it'll be alright.
I wear one on my indoor trainer. Just in case.
Pretty sure the empire considered it, but with the stormtroopers aim? Fuggettaboutit.
I rode a smaller one, once... About a 36-40 inch wheel, maybe? No matter if you're used to fixies and not coasting, or riding tall bikes, it's still weird. When you take a turn, your legs/hips have to flex to follow the wheel and not stay perpendicular to the frame, like they normally do. Also, wheelies are really fucking hard.
Any time I used oiled paper, I used the same exposure time as I would for a transparency. Most of my prints, however, didn't have super fine details to lose, so that might need to be taken into account. If you're asking how long it'll take with those bulbs at that power... You might need to Google a good resource and start running tests.
