Glad you gave him credit, but you should really be mentioning that in the title. Poor guy's gifs are plastered all over here within minutes of him putting them on his site.
It was May 31st. There were people, both free and paid, who were planning to cancel right after the PPV. They were trying to keep them by announcing all of that.
There was a kid losing his shit in Cena/Owens.
Good point, but that doesn't make it right. I'd bet you at least 90% of the news articles on here are to ripoff sites. I used to wonder why the mods allow it, until people started suggesting that one or more of them must have some sort of financial stake in one of those ripoff sites.
I interpreted the article as saying that you may have defeated the aliens, but the planet was so ravaged that they decided to surrender once it was over.
1) Taylor has probably been in management longer than he was a wrestler at this point. 2) Its not Taylor who makes the big decisions. Vince has a certain way of running things, and that's how the system operates. One of the biggest no-nos in the entire company is thinking you're hot shit. Was Rollins better than a new trainee who came in off the street? Sure. But if he was acting like it, the company would rather take the trainee.
Yes. It was shot in a wider aspect ratio, but framed 4:3...there was equipment and such visible on the edges. Besides, the restoration was done to clean up what was shot, not to alter it.
Yeah, it's like something in the brain just can't compute having such a wide, distant vista that fills up your peripheral vision.
That was right before he and the other three left. I believe Kevin Sullivan has just become the booker again. Of course, Benoit's wife used to be married to Sullivan. If I remember correctly, putting the belt on Benoit was supposed to demonstrate to the locker room that everything was cool, everyone was getting chances. No bad blood. The foot under the ropes was their way of giving themselves an out, if Benoit decided to leave.
Only if you bring a photo of Kevin Owens for him to sign.
