The easiest thing is to get a new band, but I like to come up with creative fixes too. 1. Determine the ideal position for the loop. 2. Drill two tiny holes in the existing band. I have drills smaller than 1/32". You could force a pin through using pliers for grip on the pin. 3. Find suitable leather from an old coat or shoe upper. 4. Cut a doner piece the size of the loop that you want. 5. Sew the two ends of the loop to the base of the band using the two holes made above. You would use the two holes as well as wind the thread around the outside edge of the band. 6. Use nylon thread if possible for strength.
I don't know the age or model of car and that could help. Why is that tape around the hose? Check the fluid levels and see what is leaking. If it is brake fluid, drive slowly and guardedly to service after filling it. An oil leak you can keep topping off until it's bad enough to warrant a fix by way of mess and expense. An antifreeze leak is tricky. Most leaks get worse and antifreeze is under pressure so it can get worst fast. The insidious part is that air is drawn into the system and causes hot spots in cylinder heads that eventually can cause a blown head gasket valued at many times the leak repair cost, sometime the whole engine. Leaks can't be ignored until you know exactly what you are dealing with.
A vice is generally mounted on a workbench. Anyone with a workbench and vice probably has an abundance of other tool including scissors. For lengthy cloth, I have an electric pattern cutter. The razor-blade in the vice would not be good for cloth or paper because there is no slicing effect. Still, i don't discount this idea completely as there may be a use in cutting something. Cheese? No. String? Yes Fingers? FoSho
That all seems rather intense for a new year's resolution. Step 1: Have some discipline. Step 2: Make a decision to change at any point in the year when you discover change is desired.
Generally all you need to do is pull out those remaining thread pieces along the seam. They will pull out more easily from the back. sometimes it helps to take the material and roll it between two fingers on each hand to loosen them. You can also use fingernails on the back or even a seam ripper very carefully.
It's a nice looking watch because of the color. But it is a cheap watch with a movement equal to what is found in a dollar store watch. The band is proprietary and not made for any type of replacement or repair. The buckle end that you show from Amazon is designed as a replacement if you have a suitable mating end on your band. Your picture does not show the buckle end so I can't tell if you could install it.
Since it is new, don't screw around. Craftsman stuff is returnable. Go with something else. I suppose you could play around with shimming the short side with washers, but why? I never have this problem with mine. But again, I leave the jack in place when under load. It never moves. Use a proper dolly if moving a load.
It's a bedroom door so you probably can't hurt anything. The problem is that you loose 1/16" or more of door space at the closing side and this usually causes issues of jamming, tightness, rubbing, etc. If it does not and you can live with the "custom" look, OK. It's not that hard to carve out the space for hinges with a chisel, but there are risks of damaging surrounding wood. There are tools for it, but old craftsmen can do it quickly with simple hand tools. Scribe the position with a pencil or whatever. Take the chisel and hammer in the perimeter. You are both marking the position and setting the depth with this procedure. Then chisel in from the edges to avoid damaging other areas. Try to go about the right depth. You can shave the space deeper as needed. One key to his is to have an ultra sharp chisel. I would be using a 1" or so, but I have an assortment. Actually, what I really do is use a Dremel type rotary tool with a router bit free hand if necessary or with a small table. Depends on what tools you have. But I still would set the depth with a chisel on the edges for accuracy. PS&gt; A "5-way" tool also works as a good chisel for these.
Based upon reading your answers to the posts, I surely suggest you contact a professional for service. You will end up paying for a service call. The actual repair could be very minor. There may be some simple reset. On the other hand, a control board may have been damaged by the surge when power came back on and that would be costly. I lost a security camera to such a surge this summer. I think this is your best move.
Usually, refrigerator/freezer trays have a stop mechanism at the far end of the travel. It's not very complex. It consists of a "speed bump" at the end. You were caught speeding. Place the tray in the slot and lift it over the speed bump and slide it in. Pass me a beer.
