Haha wow. You literally just murdered their entire team twice over!
Although very rare, there do exist a number of Devil Fruit users whom use their abilities to benefit society instead of using them for combat. Its just that a lot of Devil Fruit owners tend to be combatants because they occur naturally only within the Grand Line where strength is a major requirement. Mansherry's Heal powers come to mind. She's pretty much resolving her entire country's post-disaster first aid problem by herself. Other examples include Kuzan's Ice powers let him build structures to rescue stranded refugees, Magellan's Poison which makes him the perfect (vice) Warden and Ivankov whom uses his Hormone powers to cure people.
I remembered being a bit perplexed when they revealed the epithets of the Four Emperors, and that Charlotte Linlin's was "Big Mom". I wondered what the story behind a title like that could be, since its a bit weird to label a pirate that. I sure as hell didn't expect it to be so literal! A 120+ member family all directly descended from her!? DAMN! She's like OP's version of Genghis Khan!
ROTOM DEX!? AND IT TALKS!? C-can we battle with it? Also Kukui's assistant is super cute too. Hau and Lillie both look to be potentially great Rivals.
Junkrat really made all that happen. Not only dud the mine bounce save the team's Hanzo, but it also made this ridiculous POTG happen.
Yeah. If he wanted his wallhack so badly he should've just played Widowmaker or Hanzo.
The PIN only applies with to one player and everyone else gets knocked away. However if they are unfortunate enough to still get caught between the wall and charging Reinhardt (likely due to very close proximity), they will be squished as well and take the full charge damage. I once got a POTG by using the ult and charging down a Roadhog in Kings Row. The one charge managed to net me 3 eliminations from 80-100%.
No excuses for the Pharah and 76 who decided to jump down from the safety of the higher platform into the freeze field.
Between screwing up an item run on M-Abomasnow's comp and repeated failures to capture Kingdra (finally Great Balled it), I've burned quite a lot of money. Luckily its a rather relaxed week. Does anyone have details on Kingdra's Whirlpool ability? From my experiences its a rather simple "delay for 1 turn" type ability, but seems to feature an alarmingly high proc rate. It triggers frequently on 3-matches, and almost always on a 4-match.
Not quite. Paralyze has a lower trigger rate and has some types immune to it, which limit its effectiveness. Fairy and Electric are two examples of types immune to Paralyze effects (which makes Registeel pretty awful).
