He was referring to the filming, yeah. "not be making anymore GoT episodes and the final episode will have been filmed." As in, by the end of 2016, all the filming will be done for season seven, which currently is the last planned season. HBO wants to push it out to 10 seasons total, but I'd be surprised if they actually get their way.
Yeah, waiting around for the weapon rotation is annoying. I started in on IB back in February for that sweet vendor Gheleon's Demise with Outlaw and Firefly, and got sucked in. Trying now to complete my set of IB weapons... only need Perun's Fire (which is finally being sold this week!) and Skorri's Revenge (which I believe has never been sold, so is basically becoming my white whale). Frustrating having to just sit and twiddle my thumbs from month to month waiting on that damn pulse rifle.
5 for 1 SC &gt;&gt;&gt; 1 for 950 glim glam.
You can still race them to see how many times you can tag the chest before the buff wears off. You just won't get stuff for doing it.
http://gfycat.com/DefensiveFavoriteDevilfish http://i.imgur.com/2JDslnW.gifv
It really is poorly placed. I have a friend who's new to the game and started in just as HoW was dropping and she ran into the same issue. If you're running patrols in the Cosmodrome, you're going to have to go through Dock-13 at some point (any VIP mission taken in the Steppes will send you through Dock-13 to The Divide, and some of the Scan Environment missions will have the objective in Dock-13 itself). Since patrols (or, more specifically, bounties that more or less require you to go on patrol) are a great way to level up, lowbie players are gonna be doing a ton of them. As for getting a higher-level Guardian's attention to help out with this, you would actually need to. In fact, you'd need to get them into your fireteam, not just get their attention to go kill it, because Dock-13 is instanced. You can wait forever in there and you'll never see another Guardian randomly come through and kill the thing for you. They need to be in your group to be able to kill it for you.
I think it's more the idea that if ARs were jack-of-all-trades, they'd be *good enough* in most situations, so that if you're playing a map that has good variation, you'd do well to just equip a solid AR and not have to worry about it. If you're trying to swap between the best gun situationally on a well-varied map, you're going to be leaving yourself vulnerable at points while you go into your inventory. Some people would probably do very well with that trade-off, but others might suffer from it and prefer to just use their AR to cover all the bases well enough.
I think you're right that in the past the no-reload requirement was broken, but as of this Iron Banner, if you reload, you will not get the Machine Lord badge (i.e., the spree), and I can prove it. Take a look at [this video,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b55VbLgUEA8&amp;t=189s) where I get two machine gun kills (and an assist, which obviously means nothing) and then compulsively reload because I didn't think it would matter. I then get two more kills and reload again. I do manage a Bullseye (headshot spree) medal because that doesn't have a no-reload requirement, but I did not get a Machine Lord medal despite having 3(+) MG kills in a single life.
For Heavy Metal, you can only achieve it with a machine gun since it requires 3 MG kills in a single life with no reloading or weapon-switching between them. If you're thinking of The Chaos and the Calm (15 kills with heavy weapons), that one you can achieve with any heavy weapon, so if you're more comfortable with rockets, go with those. If you've done IBs in the past, this is a change, since "TCatC" bounty in prior IBs required 10 (I think) headshot kills with a machine gun.
Got a little case of "Crota's End"?
