Thankyou! Nice to think I wrote something that struck a chord.
What do you mean by 'heard, understand &amp; reject islam'? I've never partiicularly heard it, I've certainly never understood it, and yet neither have I explicitly rejected it. If you just plain don't understand it do you consider that rejecting it?
No. No no no no no.
Largely for historical reasons. Despite the fact that 17th century Europe was heavily religious, it wasn't enough for the Puritans, so a lot of them sailed to the Americas to set up communities where they could be free (if 'free' is the word) to practise Puritanism to their heart's content. For this reason whole swathes of the US were populated by heavily religious communities while Europe emptied of the most fundamental Christians.
&gt; absurdly American centric I'm not American. OK - I'll re-word my sentence: Europe emptied of the most fundamentalist brand of Christianity. Better?
I was trying (perhaps not very well) to say that there are examples where regimes have convinced enough people that a particular group are to blame for the ills in society to be able to persuade them to kill. In the case of the Nazis, the population as a whole elected the Nazis without knowing the full extent of their plans for the Jews (Hitler didn't stand on a platform of instigating a holocaust); it then took only a small percentage of the population to actually put the plans into effect, by which point the larger proportion of the population were powerless to prevent it, were largely not aware of the extent of it, or were more concerned about fighting the war. I would imagine that a lot of the Nazi guards at concentration camps were deeply uncomfortable with sending women and children to their deaths, but were powerless to change things in a regime where any dissent would have meant a similar fate for them.
&gt; who are obligated to practice it whether they believe it or not If they don't believe it, who's doing the obligating?
This is the one thing that I find so completely unfathomable about religion: that those who ardently follow one religion and believe it is true above all else don't look at the millions and billions of people who believe exactly the same thing about a completely different religion and go "Hmm... they're just as convinced that they're right as I am that I'm right. And look - they have a holy book too! Wait a minute: we can't all be right.....?". I don't know how e.g. a Christian can look at a Muslim and feel so utterly certain that the Muslim has it all wrong, but never wonders why the Muslim must also be looking at them thinking the same thing. Surely there's a point at which a rational human being starts to get to *"What if none of us are right and it's all just a guessing game...?"* Someone please tell me - I just can't understand it. How can you look at a billion Hindus in India, or a billions Catholics, or whatever and think "they're *all* wrong but *I'm* right"? You're probably thinking "OK smartarse Atheist, how can you look at billions of religious people and say 'you're all wrong'", only it's simple: I know that in the human body death is an irreversible process meaning that after a certain point a human body does not recover, and the brain that existed inside that body is lost. Which means that *nobody knows what happens to you after you die*. I also know that no-one was around at the beginning of the universe to see it happen, and therefore I don't believe a fucking book written by human beings that purports to explain how the universe began, which means *nobody knows how we got here*. So all the people arguing over who knows what happens after we die and who knows how we got here: no, you don't. No-one does.
&gt; I'll be honest, by the standards I see a lot of atheists claiming, I'm surprised we have any history at all. You say this like there's a very fine line between reality and completely fantastical claims when there plainly isn't. People do not return from the dead. Death is an irreversible process in the human body as has been shown billions of times since the dawn of time. Yet you want to take a couple of eye-witness accounts from the guy's personal fan-club, with shaky, contradictory evidence, and say that proves that something different happens in this case? If you read about a great battle in medieval times in which a famous warrior flew around in the air shooting laser beams from his eyes would you unquestioningly trust that as a valid historical record? You'll have heard the line "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"? And that's the difference. Imagine a history book quoted Napoleon as having said a particular sentence, which was reported by 2 of his personal guard, would I believe it: it depends on what the sentence was. If it was "Not tonight Josephine" then sure. If it's "I fucking hate the new iPhone 6" then of course not. Yet the evidence cited for both would be the same, so what's the difference? Because one is probable and plausible whereas the other would require him to travel 2 centuries into the future and back again, so is completely implausible. If you can't tell the difference it's because you've decided upon the answer and are trying to manipulate the very thin 'evidence' to make it fit that answer. Try forgetting the answer and using some critical thinking skills to see where you end up instead.
Increasing secularity is based on more people realising they don't need religion, it's not that people are abandoning Christianity looking for another religion to attach themselves to. The decline of Christianity in the West is coming from increased openness and freedom of information coupled with advances in science, which all gradually erode the myths of its teachings. Islam is more ardent about keeping its flock in the faith, but is just as susceptible to those same forces which are undermining all religions, especially in Western socieities where a secular education, access to the internet, and mixing with people from many different faiths (or no faith) all show people a way of life that doesn't rely on their particular religion. Yes, Muslims can bring their children up to be religious but it is very difficult in Western societies to keep those children away from secular influences or the internet or anything that allows them to question their faith. The growth in Islam in Western societies is more down to immigration than anything else. In the UK we have seen Muslims grow as a percentage of the overall population, but it's not because British people are converting to Islam, it's because they are already Muslim when they come to the UK. I can see how Islam might grow as a proportion of religious people, but not as an overall number. I know several Muslims who only identify as such because their parents would be ostracised from their communities if their children weren't being seen to follow the faith. They have no intention of passing it on to their children. &gt; Unless we turn our attention to Islam immediately, we will find an entrenched enemy that is perfectly willing and able to turn our own laws against us, with little we can do to stop it This is just bullshit scaremongering.
