Because they want the being the exception privilege.
This is the quality of men that crop up from our shitty society. Kick him out and don't let him back until he becomes a man.
I think they are beneficial. The current porn is a passive experience, while robots or VR is a active experience as it has **feedback**. As a simulation VR and robots are closer to the real thing then porn so it can have some instructional value. They will never match the real thing so I don't see the problem of things getting worse then they already are. Porn already has the function to release the large lust men have so I don't see things changing much. Most people do not know how to have interesting sex so a having a way to experiment and carry out fantasies I see as beneficial. It is ultimately up to the quality of the software not the hardware that will make the difference. Of course lots of people will get addicted and shun the real thing, but that is already the case. Women still can give the better deal and compete.
Not even knowing you can make IP servers.
Insecurity means a feeling of the absence of security. Which is true because men have no systems in place that insures them. Insecurity is used for shaming as being paranoid so that can get away with exploiting you. If you want to be more secure you should prepare yourself and analyze the situation, which is what they don't want.
&gt; The fear of losing progress, missing events or wasting time or/and resources, prevents certain players wanting to explore the options themself and rather look up a guide. You pretty much answered your question. Minimize this, present good in-game information, make the challenges self contained, for 100% completing make it require multiple playthorughs that are mutually exclusive from the start so there is no overlap optimization, randomize. That said the cat is out of the bag and is never going back, wiki's are a crutch for some people but I don't think you should care about them that much. Just make an enjoyable game that has everything you need in the game not outside it.
The true revolution will come when they manage to ship a 60$ 2D game.
It's interchangeable. AAA development was never anything other then that.
Themeing wise the occult,paranormal,secret society, dark side of the world or mafia underworld has been done in other media and works pretty well. It's still fantasy but its modern fantasy. Or you can go with more tactical games ala Silent Storm. God that needs a remake with modding support.
&gt; In fact, I can only really see three possible themes that would similarly pull the action away from "mundanes" and allow for the kind of combat expected from RPGs without introducing a serious supernatural element: gang wars (or police as the other side), military, and spy-fi; even then, the interaction is likely going to be isolated to the criminal/military/spy world and again - away from the "mundanes". What is wrong with that? Even with supernatural elements it would still be interesting.
