Given that it's a Japanese production there isn't much else they could do. The all Japanese cast and change of setting does seem like it'll take a lot away from the series' atmosphere though. While it bugs me, it's only one of many gripes I have with this what we've seen of this movie.
The only thing that bothers me about the dub is some of the translations. They butchered my favorite line, right when I had finally gotten used to the English voices and was anticipating hearing it delivered. But whatever, life goes on, the dub is still pretty good.
This sounds like it would be hell on sub. So hard to track 2 convos at once when you have to look down at the text. The subtlety would be completely lost on anyone who can't understand japanese.
Oh, well I'm not a huge anime fan, so I wouldn't be able to say exactly what distinguishes him from other characters in other franchises. Maybe that he's a badass midget (?). I'll allow someone else to help you out on this.
I think the description is stupid. The "facial and body form" excuse is bullshit, that's just the way Manga/Anime art is drawn. According to this text, every single character in any manga is Japanese. The only things Japanese about the franchise are the author and Mikasa. Every thing else is western, from the setting to the characters. Even in the Japanese dub, the characters refer to each other by "First name" "Last name", like they would as Europeans. I also haven't heard many honorifics, though I may have missed those.
Mikasa becoming a Titan Shifter would be like reuniting the Triforce, given that she's already OP due to both of her parents' bloodlines. She might literally become the Asian War Goddess foretold in ~~Slap on Titan~~ the ancient prophecies. I like her the way she is, as a demigod only, so I'd rather this not happen. Erwin for me.
IDK if you're being sarcastic or not, since I've heard people argue both sides.
You are right with a lot of what you say. However, SNK is definitely not set in Europe. If it is set on this planet, the dimensions of the walls, fauna, climate, physical geography (save for the ever increasing elevation towards the center), and cover art suggest it takes place in North America. I also don't think it happens in the future, I think it happens in an alternate timeline which diverged from our own in the early 17th century. I have no idea where the calendar they use came from though (Maybe year 0 is Charlemagne's rule, given that he's the original Holy Roman Emperor). Edit: Typos Edit^2 : Why the hell is this getting downvoted, nothing I said is false or misleading.
The walls don't fit in Europe in the slightest, unless you go as far as Russia, which doesn't match the Geography at all. Remember that there are canyon-like deserts in the southern parts of the walls. All those things you said could be explained by the fact that people from Europe fled to North America. They would have brought their culture with them. Edit: I was wrong, no need to go as far East as Russia. But Eastern Europe still doesn't fit the geography.
I felt similar at first but I got used to it. It's a really good dub. Regarding the roars, that bugs me a bit too, but they're just emphasizing the Titan's craziness over its anger. It isn't wrong per se. Without having heard the Japanese version before she shouldn't find anything weird. My gripe is really with the translations they chose.
