The amount of muscle he gained while staying shredded is considered next-to-impossible in that time-frame without steroids. Google says he went from 120 lbs to 230, and then down to 190 all in 6 months. So that's a 110lb weight gain in 6 months, which is around .6 lbs per day. Moreover most of that .6 would have to be muscle, and humans can't naturally gain muscle that quickly. EDIT: wrong maths
Afraid this isn't the case. Most hover around 5%.
Tavors have a selective fire system. Perhaps he's just saying that soldiers typically don't use the fully automatic setting.
It's not an altarpiece. It's the altar wall of the Daredeviled Sistine Chapel.
Yes as I said they "Daredeviled" it. I imagine they took away the double-arch so the Punisher skull would fit more cleanly. It's clearly supposed to be based on the Sistine Chapel. They open with *The Creation of Adam*.
They're the Gaza Strip government and they stand for the destruction of Israel. They execute terrorist attacks upon Israel, primarily through unguided rockets shot into civilian areas. They also plan infiltrations into Israel using tunnels for kidnappings, shootings, and bombings. They use international aid and building supplies to create more tunnels used for smuggling and terrorist attacks, although both Israel and Egypt destroy these tunnels when they find them. Any internal Palestinian resistance is suppressed and Gazans are routinely executed. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas#Extrajudicial_executions_of_rivals) Most Western nations consider them to be a terrorist organization.
What's confusing about it? B'Tselem is trying to smear the Shin Bet while skirting the fact that they're aiding in the detention, torture, and murder of Palestinians for selling land to Jews.
The bot fails to mention how this land was purchased legally from a church, and that the initial plans are to build a hotel. No building permits for a settlement have been issued. Moreover, "Israel" doesn't plan to establish a settlement there, just the rich guy who bought the land. Talk about a slanted article.
Most people probably don't know this because /worldnews mods have been deleting all the stories on the hundreds of terror attacks perpetrated by Palestinians on Israelis in the last few months. First they shoved all the stories into poorly updated sticky threads, and then they got rid of those too. How is a terror attack in Israel "local news" if a terror attack *anywhere else* isn't?
The blockade only started after Hamas incessantly attacked Israel. Plus, Egypt also enforces the blockade, which a lot of people forget/neglect to mention. It seems as though Hamas can't play nice. There's a reason most of the west defines them as a terrorist organization like ISIS or Al Qaeda.
