My partner enjoys gentle touching/circles of her cervix as well as lightly jiggling it or vigorously jiggling just below it without touching it. I've also heard this is a rare trait.
This looks completely bizarre anatomically when viewed sideways. (Specifically her pec) Its actually interesting in normal orientation, since you rarely see breasts compressed like that.
Great way to say it. Only thing I'd add is, if she wants, she can feed the hot dog to you, and maybe tickle the walnut at the same time. Depending on how horny she is, the process might work the other way as well. For me, a good hand job when she isn't in the mood for sex just makes me crave the feeling of her vagina more until the next time we get to have sex.
An original comment was to console your partner when they ask and promise to make up the next day. I find this in practice to be a terrible idea. If one partner is bringing it up, they have a sexual need right then and putting it off until tomorrow (which might never happen) can be any where from a minor inconvenience to torture. The following day or even later in the day could be completely unpredictable, we all have busy lives. A better answer I've found would be to address their request for intimacy in the best way the second partner can tolerate. Examples: "I'll cuddle with you and stroke your chest while you play with yourself. If I nod off its just because you relax me and I feel safe." "I'm tired but I would enjoy feeling you cum inside of me, please don't expect me to get into it." "I'll fondle you or lick a bit, I'll let you know if I get horny."
Hello 😃
Making time before the day is late is an idea I like but have yet to be successful with.
I'd say it's more affirmation that it's what you want in that exact moment. I just discussed this with my wife as I'm the type that likes it gentle, but the risk of trying one her "kinks" without being told to and having it backfire (she doesn't like what I did in that moment) is a bit terrifying to me. But also part of her kink is not that I'm doing it, is that I want to do it rough. She thinks she might be able to tell I'm faking cause I'm a nice guy and it won't be a turn on. Plus the couple times I felt like being rough or taking what I wanted it backfired and I don't want to repeat those feelings or ever risk hurting her. Even tiny clues or verbal hints would help. "Oh yeah you want me naughty boy" is something cheesy she'd never say, but if she said it in her "lust" voice I'd get the picture. Or "you gotta take it", or maybe an animalistic moan instead of a soft girly one.
I would properly do it the cheap and dirty way, whatever is simple. Might have to activate my non-X rated reddit nerd account to figure it out.
My wife shaves smooth every week or so, I keep it trimmed very short all over and every orifice. I don't want to be that hairy old man, and enjoy when others can't tell how old I am. Both 30s.
I fixed your flair for you, happy posting :-)
