If it's not an equitable trade, such as being asked to give up the window or aisle seat for a middle seat, or trading a more desirable seat for a less desirable seat, i see no issue in people refusing. When purchasing airline tickets, most brokers give you the option - at no additional cost - to pick which seats you want. If the parent failed to do that and they are separated from their kid, that's on them. Other people are under no obligation to accommodate their lack of planning.
I'll preface this with i don't want kids now or anytime in the foreseeable future, but I've not eliminated the possibility, and i might feel otherwise in a few years. Or i might not, and that's cool too. I echo 2 sentiments already made here: leaving a legacy before i die, and raising awesome kids to counteract all the shitty ones out there. I can't count all the times in life someone has said to me or my family that i was "raised right" or my parents "did a good/great job on me". That's got to be an amazing point of pride or a sense of accomplishment in parents, knowing they helped mold good people.
I'll preface this with i don't want kids now or anytime in the foreseeable future, but I've not eliminated the possibility, and i might feel otherwise in a few years. Or i might not, and that's cool too. Kids are loud, messy, and obscenely expensive. I enjoy having my time to do with as i please, and not tied to my spawn. I'm also scared of having a disabled or special-needs kid; i don't have that kind of patience, and I've seen the toll that it can take on families And there are no do-overs with kids: you don't raise them right, and they turn out to be douchebags, that's a reflection on you and how you failed.
I've no problem with SAHMs if the family can subsist on single-income. And i don't mean the father working 2-3 jobs, 70-80hrs a week. I also think there's an inherent responsibility for SAHMs to maintain the household as well, or at least shoulder the majority of the load. The person working full time shouldn't then have to come home to cook, clean, etc. No, it does not take 8 hours of your full attention to watch a baby/child, where you can't do anything else. If my SO wanted to be a SAHM and we could afford it, I'd have no problem with it.
I trimmed off a fair amount the other day, as it had gotten somewhat ragged, was snagging a bit, and - now that summer is here - would have been uncomfortable in the heat.
This next election is just chock full of people i can't stand
I use 3 alarms: 1 on my phone, followed by an alarm clock 10mins later, and 1 more from my phone 10mins after that. The trick is my alarm clock is across the room, so i have to get out of bed to turn it off. Then i typically hop in the shower. The 3rd alarm is my "get up now or be late for work" warning
Jenner is not the first - or the last - "celebrity" to be trans; the transition just so happened to receive an exorbitant amount of media coverage. Jenner's transition is also not typical of the average transgendered individual. They would not generally have access to all the medical procedures available to turn Bruce Jenner into Caitlyn Jenner; most would not be able to afford the 10+ hour facial reconstruction, in addition to other plastic surgeries, that allow Jenner to pass as a woman. Additionally, Jenner does not face the intense discrimination and bullying (internet comments excluded) a transgender person - especially a young person and/or someone not living in socially tolerant community - would face on a regular basis. The award, given by ESPN, is supposed to be sports-oriented (though not exclusively); Jenner's athletic career has been over for decades. The only reason Bruce Jenner was still relevant in the last few years was due to being affiliated with the Kardashians and their reality-show, which is IMO a vapid and insipid blight on American media. The award should be reserved for someone currently relevant in the world of athletics, as a player/competitor or coach, for example.
The written i think is like $150, and the practical like $500? It varies. I'll say under $1000 for sure
The blown light is not in the video
