Because it increases the usefulness of bitcoin and therefore its value.
&gt; into either the 1mb chain or 20mb chain or both
&gt; I want to design for the worst case Are you? Are you designing? Are you working on bitcoin? Do you contribute experimental or simulation data to the mailing list? Are you sending pull requests?
It was an honest question and I haven't talked to you before, so I don't understand the hostility. I specifically quoted this part of your sentence: "I want to design for the worst case" and asked my question regarding that. And the reason I ask this question is that you make it sound like you're one of the core-devs with all and absolute answers to any problem in the bitcoin space. But personally I don't see you anywhere other than on this sub reddit, unless you use different names there. Hence my question. One of the complaints Rusty Russel had when entering the Bitcoin space was that there is so much freaking noice and it's nigh impossible to distinguish self proclaimed arm-chair experts (if not flat out trolls) from the few truly knowledgeable people.
And c is the portion of full nodes run by people over 18. And d are the trolls on Reddit. O(abcdn^4)
Unfortunately that's what the sheep following him think. In the meantime he's just a huge distraction wasting valuable developers' time.
You've been explained exactly that a million times, but you chose not to listen. Your loss.
Lies. Doubling is already in progress.
If you read this as "quit whining", the whole freaking post is one huge whine. Definitely not honest or less despicable. Well, I guess it still could be if we never heard from him again...
He's talking about the "scaling problem", not about scaling. And that's the whole problem why people don't understand and why they're judging things only by superficial promises of endless rainbows. If you blow more air into a party balloon you are scaling. But you're not changing the scalability. The "scaling problem" refers to the fact that it's going to pop at some point! To improve scalability you need to improve the quality of the balloon. Thicker skin, better material, etc. THEN you can start inflating again.
