You could live just about any lifestyle you liked and still have plenty left over to do lots of philanthropy. That or leave it all to your kids so you can ruin their lives. :)
http://youtu.be/wGdhc9k07Ms
Powerball tickets are $2 each, not $1. So at best you'd break even.
I thought I read somewhere that sharks don't get cancer either.
As sci-fi as many of the comments are, I think you all have it wrong. Yes, humans will travel to the stars and not by uploading our minds into robots or building space arks that would take centuries to travel the distance. We will get there by finding a way to travel across the great distances quickly. I don't yet know what form that will take but we know so little about the universe and physics at this point (or to put it another way, I'm quite certain there is a LOT left to be discovered). It will also likely take far longer than you realize. I'm thinking 200 to 300 years at least before the technology is created and matures to the point where we can use it.
I think we will find a way. The best candidate technology at this point is warping space as they do in Star Trek.
But it won't matter because of the time scale involved. No one is going to be willing to pay for a mission that will take 100 years or more. The only realistic solution is to find a way to travel quickly. I don't know what that way is but there was a time when traveling across the ocean wasn't possible. There was a time when traveling through the air wasn't possible. There was a time when we had never been to the moon. In the next 20 years we may visit Mars. Just because we don't know today HOW we will do it, doesn't mean we won't.
In defense of Peter Jackson, he wasn't allowed to make his own movie. The original director, Guierrmo del Toro, had done all the pre-production while negotiations with UA (I believe) continued for the movie rights. When that was delayed, Del Toro could no longer wait as he had other projects planned and had to bow out. Jackson had to take over as director and asked the studio for a year to go back and do his own version of the movie. Remember that he was the Executive Producer. The studio declined so he had to start shooting what was essentially del Toro's movie. I'm quite sure that if del Toro had made the movie, it would have been different. Had Jackson been given the time he requested, it would have been a different movie. Unfortunately, that didn't happen and what we got is the result. LOTR is my all time favorite set of movies. I was really hoping The Hobbit would be more of the same. Alas, it was not meant to be.
NASA is in the experimental stages of a warp drive not unlike the concept used in Star Trek. I don't know what will come of it but NASA seems to think they are on to something worth some effort. It's a mistake to say "FTL travel is impossible so there's no point in working on that type of solution." Better to think about a way around it. Our history is filled with things once thought impossible. http://spaceref.com/nasa-hack-space/propulsion/clarifying-nasas-warp-drive-program.html
Nevertheless they are indeed doing at least conceptual research on it. Around the turn of the last century, students interested in going into physics were told not to bother because pretty much all that would ever be known about physics had already been discovered. We can look back now at just how arrogant and ignorant that thinking truly was. When Einstein wrote his paper on Special Relativity, it was an idea whose time had come. If he hadn't thought of it, someone else would have within 10 years or so. General Relativity, on the other hand, was such an extraordinary idea that without Einstein's discovery of it, we might still not know of it today. Considering how much technology upon which we depend wouldn't be here without it, imagine where we would otherwise be. Using words like "impossible", IMHO, are a bad idea when it comes to realms of knowledge for which we have only scratched the surface. They put ones mind in a box. I don't want us to make the mistake that our ancestors did of ignorantly assuming we have it all figured out. You could say that with knowledge we have today, we don't know how to travel quickly across that vast distances between stars. Conventional travel appears to be limited by the inconvenient equality of mass and energy but that doesn't mean we won't find some other way. Imagine living at the time of the American Revolution. Getting a message from England to America involved sailing across the Atlantic for many weeks. If your goal was to get the message to millions of people, you could just forget it as it would be prohibitively expensive. Now imagine bringing such a person forward a few hundred years and showing them modern television or video conferencing via the internet from a cell phone with people all over the world. This would seem impossible to them and unbelievable if they weren't seeing it for themselves. As Arthur C. Clarke famously said, it would be "indistinguishable from magic." Is today's technology the end of the road? Is there no more to learn? Of course not. 200 years from now, we will have technology and capabilities that to us today living in 2016 would be indistinguishable from magic.
