US prices almost never include tax.
Who said anything about Sara? Her entire interaction with Oliver has been nagging and whiny. Her actions caused more trouble than needed to happen for people she cares about. She's just not as compelling as a character as she used to be. You're free to disagree, but stop putting words in my mouth.
You can upgrade from whatever you're on to win10, then get your key and do a fresh install with an ISO of it most likely.
Not directly. You'd have to install your copy of Win10 on the machine to do the upgrade because it has to validate and disable the old key before giving you the free upgrade. The OS itself isn't free, so they're not freely upgrading technical preview users. That said, we don't really know for sure how the whole process will go. So who knows? Maybe they will have a website where you can validate and download an ISO for a clean install. EDIT: Just found [this info](http://www.pcworld.com/article/2921034/windows-10-preview-testers-will-get-a-free-upgrade-to-final-rtm-version.html).
This is interesting. The only reason to do something like this is to attract existing Android developers. This would mean a lot of Android development practices should apply to their new platform, as well. But all of this is moot if they don't make development for their platform free or nearly free like it is for Google's Android. Wonder if they've learned some lessons. This could be an exciting new direction for Nintendo.
They said the amiibo is exclusive to the bundle.
Are you sure it wasn't a sword? Because that's what I remember.
Who said I was either? I don't favor this ruling, but I'd hardly call myself upset over it. I'm always of the opinion that busineses should be able to enforce dress codes and choose who to and not to serve.
What issues?
I use electrical tape. It doesn't come off easily like the adhesive on those sticky thermometers and it keeps the cables managed pretty well. Though, I can understand if you'd be apprehensive about this given what happened recently.
