Breadsoda is really the only palatable place in Glover, and the owners are fantastic. Town Hall and Bourbon across the street are both uber-brotastic.
I'm not, at all, a fan of team sports, so I have only learned in the last year or so that the US even has an actual soccer league, let alone that DC has a team. Ironically, my newish job has me working with all of the local sporting teams very frequently, including the United.
As the capital of a world power, we get the pleasure of having every country in the world send us their very worst drivers. Many of them live in MD, mixing with MD's shallow gene pool of terrible drivers, giving us the shitshow we call DC traffic. Thankfully, my daily driver is an employer-owned 7,000' van, so I'm more than happy to play along.
My response to shitty drivers varies depending on my mood. If I'm in my typical, passive-aggressive mood, I will generally thank them profusely for being sooooooo awesome, blow kisses, or ride along beside them giving voluminous thumbs ups. If I'm in a pissy mood, I tend to get extremely aggressive, and will generally knock the shit out of the offending driver's wing mirror (Not breaking it, mind you...). Being a fairly big, bearded, and heavily tattooed guy helps, as I've only had a couple of drivers get out of their cars to confront me, and only once has the situation gone beyond some basic shoving and shit talk. At some point, I'll likely knock out a driver with my u-lock or get shot.
My wife is small, but is extremely adept at mirror slaps and hurling obscenities at drivers. It has backfired once on her, but, otherwise, drivers are usually too fat and lazy to get out of their cars, or, if they do get out, my wife happens to be a blazing fast rider who can disappear into the distance.
So, people are butthurt about a Subway in Mt P, but are excited about a Chipotle in Brookland. What gives? Both offer mass-produced, shitty fast food.
I absolutely refuse to interact with children, and I am not at all shy in asking breeders to get their spawn the fuck away from me. As I have reached 40, I have many friends with kids. I have made it clear that I will only interact with them when they are sans crotchfruit. Most of them have no issue, but for those that do, I cease any interaction with them.
I'll hand you ammo.
Absolutely. We're running it today.
Taffi Dollar sounds like the name of a third rate Bond Girl.
