I don't get where the fatlogic comes in. Sounds like they are eating an adequate amount to fuel their lifestyle.
10 pounds in 3 months is reasonable and I would guess that the plan you've outlined will support that. Weight loss is mainly about diet, so my best suggestion is to be accurate in your calorie counting. After eating at 1,600 calories/day for a few weeks, check your weight changes and then adjust your intake upwards or downwards as needed.
Quest and B-Up bars are my favourites.
Are you doubting that you have actually been eating 1,500 or are you doubting that your maintenance is 2,700-3,000? Given your age and weight, 2,700-3,000 for maintenance isn't that crazy. All those calculators are only estimates, though. The only way to tell for sure is to use real results (i.e. weight loss, gain, or maintenance) to tell what your true TDEE is. If you are doubting the 1,500 calories, can you post a sample day that's added up to 1,500? We might be able to tell where things could be inaccurate, if anything.
Even if your calories are a bit inaccurate, at your weight I would expect you to lose some weight even at 1,500. So, I'd say keep at it and reassess after a couple more weeks have gone by. long term, though, I'd recommend a food scale. It's the best tool available for accurate calorie counting.
You have quite a bit of wiggle room in your deficit, so even if your calorie counts are off, you should still see weight loss. Given what's shown, though, I see a few areas where tracking may be inaccurate: - How did you cook your egg at breakfast? Did you use any oil, etc.? - How do you know the grilled cheese totalled 335? Sandwiches are one of those things that can range from 300 calories to over 1,000, so it's generally better to log the individual components (bread, meat, cheese, butter, etc.) - Did you measure or weight out the 1 tbsp of oil in dinner or did you eyeball it? - Did you count out exactly five almonds twice? - Any other beverages other than the nespresso pod? Did you add anything to the coffee?
40-60g of cooked oatmeal may be 35 calories, but the portion is almost nothing (it's less than a tbsp of uncooked oats). Are you sure about his portion? 40 grams of uncooked oats (a normal portion) are about 1/3 of a cup and contain about 130 calories. With the rice and quinoa, I recommend weighing out your portions uncooked, as there is more variance in cooked weight/volume due to potential differences in water absorption.
Yep! Edited my reply, sorry.
Peanut butter, full fat dairy, straight up using real butter when cooking anything...
I worked in a movie theatre from age 15-18. It was a great job at the time even with only earning minimum wage. The entire staff, other than the manager, were high school and university students. Because of this, we were all one big group of friends. In the quiet time between shows, we'd pretty well just hang around and goof off. Perks involved free entry to non-soldout shows with a free guest.
