Jeez people, the '5 minutes' was obviously a figure of speech. Man, you guys are wound tight.
Yeah, I'm looking at those now. This has 'I'm going to spend a ton of time on this, but then the game won't launch and I'll never figure out why' written all over it. Hard choices. I really want that change though. I may take a crack at it.
I most likely will take you up on that then. Currently downloading all the stuff I need. Ugh, here I was thinking this could be solved in 10 seconds by changing a number in a file to a different number. Plot twist.
I cannot seem to find it, but I seem to be using a different version of UE Explorer than on the tutorials. I can search in the classes itself, but I have no Tools &gt; Find option, making it impossible to know where the piece of code I'm looking for is hiding.
'I don't like this thing, therefor anyone who does is less of a person than I am'. Well said. You couldn't have been clearer that you're a dumb cunt.
It worked for me. Make sure you adjust the amount of kills it requires to earn a promotion on the correct difficulty you're playing on. Also remember your soldiers can only earn a maximum of one promotion per mission. I'm not sure what else could disrupt it.
Nevermind, I'm a huge idiot. I forgot to add this line above the lines: [DLC_2.X2Item_DLC_Day60Weapons] Oops.
Minion Horde is a fantastic defensive option though. The dps it deals is amazing. If you play them and your opponent fires arrows at them instantly, they will still kill their target before dying to arrows, unless Giant. The fact they can target air makes them even better. Offensively, they are less useful unless you have good timing.
After? Ah, thanks. I was looking for it in the settings before starting. Can't seem to log in though... does it always take a while before the account is activated or what? I can log in to the site just fine.
Yes, but it is much more managable to deal with the consequences. XCOM 2 has various mission types that pop up once in a while. Guerrilla Missions are the ones that have replaced Abduction Missions (EU/EW) in terms of consequences. They pop up only once per month as opposed to 3-4 times. The way they work narratively is that XCOM gets intel to disrupt some of the aliens activity and you can choose where to strike. If you do not, the aliens will finish the activity they are building towards. XCOM can only strike in regions you have control over though. A max of 3 missions will pop up at once and you have to choose one of them. As you guessed, them finishing their activity will negatively impact you. It is called a Dark Event. There are several types of Dark Events and they are randomly chosen. Some include: All Advent forces gain one armor for a month; Advent raids make rookies cost double for a month; Advents awareness goes up practically making concealment worthless for a month. Etc. Etc. You can see before hand which is which and then choose which one you want to prevent most. However, the consequences of the Dark Events, while certainly noticable, are very minor compared to EU. If theoretically all Dark Events came to pass it still wouldn't be a huge deal. Especially not if you are somewhat good at the game. At that point one more point of armor doesn't really matter, a reinforcement pod on every mission for a month doesn't really matter. Etc.
