I hope "love of my life" is that handsome and charming two-wheeled steed.
Should've broken from the gun in the road race, too! :-D
Yep. If you're attracted to your training partner, you've already got the foot in the door on a hookup. ;)
What you didn't say is how far along you are. What is the fastest way out? Would you work on that fastest way out? After three semesters, I was in your boat. I ended up doing what /u/sankofaa suggested. I went to a community college and finished whatever courses I could. Tuition there was a third (as in, 33%) of what it was at my big state school, even as an in-stater. I needed to do a minimum of two semesters and ended up doing three. I actually excelled at the community college, partially because I figured out that this was important to me but also because it was easy in a smaller class. My largest class there was 30 people, and I ended up making 2-3 professional contacts that came in handy later in my career. So, it sounds like you're at least a couple of years in. How much longer to graduate? Can you take the core / general classes at a community college (in CO, they have 'GT Guaranteed Transfer' courses - that is, PHIL 112, Ethics, will count as a PHIL 112 course at any public school in the state)? Also, having a degree will make you way, way more valuable than not having your degree. If you don't finish it now, you never will.
You and I have almost exactly the same situation - I'm 27. I have about $55,000 in debt, make about $34,000 a year, and bills come out to about $800 / mo + student loans (one $100, one $101.23 with IBR). I think the answer is pretty dependent on you and your personal goals. The [Student Loans.gov Calculator](https://studentloans.gov/myDirectLoan/mobile/repayment/repaymentEstimator.action) lays it out quite clearly what the difference is. For me on IBR, I think I end up paying about $10,000 more in interest but then have about $25,000 forgiven. As mentioned below, I expect to pay tax on that, since it's treated as income. In this case, it would be $5,000 tax due. So ultimate cost is a bit less than $15,000 extra, but over the course of fifteen years. However, that is a difference of about $280 a month right now in my student loan payment, which is about $36,000 over the next ten years. Truly, I'm on the fence on whether I want that hanging over my head for 25 years or not. I've got about one year done, but twenty-five years in a long time. I'm working as hard as I can on chasing the dream, but I think I will try to end up throwing money at the ten-year option before long. I believe that with my ICR setup, The Gooberment pays the interest on subsized loans for three years. After that, interest will accrue but not capitalize. Right now, ICR/PAYE is the best option for me, though I hope to eventually switch to taking on the ten-year-option. I think I need to either make more money or change my lifestyle significantly for that to be an option, though (bicycle racing is an expensive hobby). Also, another thing worth mentioning is that the debt / income burden I have hurts my credit. The interest on the student loans is revolving debt, so credit card companies won't take me and I'll have trouble getting a loan.
Oh, thank you for the clarification. I meant IBR in every instance (since I never qualified for ICR - I think they phased it out before I got to it).
I rode slightly older Industry Nine road hubs. They were unreasonably nice: near instant engagement, silly light. But I found them to be overengineered and require constant maintenance. The wheels they were built into were nothing but trouble.
I agree on this point. So many people disparage middle aged cyclists on nice equipment. They forget that this is the equipment that I buy and ride into the ground. My second bike was a Cervelo R3 with dura ace. The first owner bought it for $6,000, rode it 37 miles, and then sold it for a third of what he paid.
"Full Gas" is one of my favorites. It's basically a documentary about Fabian Cancellara a few years ago, but it's got some fun clips that you won't find anywhere else. I suppose I should have a disclaimer that I have more than a reasonable man-crush on Cancellara.
Beautiful, timeless build. I'd ride it.
