my family is from india. over there most girls using the trains avoid makeup, perfume and nice clothes to save themselves the hassle of attracting anybody's attention. these slutwalk and femen "protests" aimed at democratic and correctly policed societies seem to be more of a social gathering than "fighting" for any cause - you don't realise how good we have it that most people in our society already stand against violence towards women. in india there is a literal shortage of women, because many would-be baby girls are aborted by families rejecting anything other than boys. i spit on your pretentiousness, showing your tits and calling it feminism...
the idea of jailbreaking is freedom. freedom to do whatever the fuck i want with my device. whether apple integrates/steals features into the next ios (which can be nice if done well), or not, i won't give a fuck as long as tweaks like "20 second lockscreen" continue to work on MY device. i have zero loyalty to apple, android, windows, anybody else - i like and buy what i deem appropriate to me. i am, however, loyal and very grateful to developers who put out cool little tweaks and apps, and i pick and choose and install things that make MY device more MINE. deviated from point. if a tweak i've used has been integrated, to me it only makes sense because it's such a wonderful and useful tweak; but if there is no recognition, it doesn't seem fair to the developer. i'll go on to use the ios without that particular tweak, but that developer won't have any incentive to keep innovating and coming up with new tweaks, might just feel the opposite way and quit or jump to another platform. the apple community in general is filled with self-righteous and bigoted idiots, who reveal themselves as über noobs when claiming (with big bold headlines) that apple has 'invented' this or that, because they had never even heard of such a thing from anyone else until they're spoon-fed at an apple conference. in technology, as in most aspects of life, nothing is really new - people today build upon what others accomplished yesterday. sure they can be relative, baby steps or giant leaps forward, but this still holds. to me the most important are the programmers who develop new, useful features, and also hardware engineers that enable such features. to claim their allegiance, like daft zealots such as jobs or gates, is fucking absurd. you develop and grow things either for money and/or for the hell of developing something cool that people are going to use and that might even transform how you do certain things in your daily life. anyways, i've gone on for too long. fuck apple if they don't credit and/or pay jailbreak developers when they integrate their tweaks.
cool dudes, much respect and gratitude
hey, i also wanted to add: if you find that it stops working suddenly one day, without changing anything, it might simply be that your router has assigned your devices a different IP address. to "fix", go into your router's control panel and assign each of your devices a permanent IP address (by entering their MAC addresses). that way everyone will stay put! again, very cool tweak, very grateful, and thanks for the tutorials and tips :)
i think maybe safety in numbers; or you can become friends with your neighbours and take turns or whatever "supervising" (i.e. sit on a bench scrolling through reddit for a couple hours)
indians and daft "traditions" - how about planting 111 pipes for clean water and sewage removal instead? fucking obsession of the indian media to disprove misogyny, because all they care about is not losing face to westerners.
maybe you jaywalk here and there, but the french drive like champions on the highway, vive les autoroutes! (whereas in spain you're hard-pressed to over-take even on a three-lane!)
this is probably based on kate moss right?
lol and ew
omg this is hilarious! it could only be better if you could read the barcode with your phone and it takes you to his youtube channel where he puts up pseudo-fightclub videos
