I still think TW1 is one of the better RPGs out there. A lot of people don't like it. You have to remember it's built on the Aurora engine (of Neverwinter Nights and Knights of the Old Republic fame), and as such is *much more similar* to a classic CRPG than a modern action RPG. As an RPG it's far more complex than either TW2 or TW3. The combat turns a lot of people off. I never personally had an issue with it. The story and writing is great, though the game takes a bit to get going. TW2 is one of the best RPG games ever made IMO, and is surpassed only by TW3. Many seem to criticize the lack of open world but frankly I don't get it. The narrative is tight and the game is focussed.. and the later two chapters change completely depending on the choices you make. It is a far more political story than either TW1 or TW3. TW2 is the only game that I beat and started over again in the same day. I'm currently on my fourth playthrough (only on my second for TW1, mainly because it's a 50+ hour game). I may be in the minority but I also think TW1 and TW2 have better OSTs than TW3. The entire series is great.
I occasionally use LEGO minifigs to help me visualize fight scenes by acting them out step by step with the minifigs. I've used Skyrim with mods before to make some approximations of my characters (effort vs. payoff isn't very good here though). I use a lot of different resources made for pen &amp; paper RPGs for various things. There's a lot of good stuff for worldbuilding in a fantasy setting (actually, the base of my current magic system was a combination of the Pathfinder and D&amp;D systems).
What annoys me most about it is that I'll state my experience about running my GPU and why I prefer it over my previous GPU of the other brand, and people will respond to my post and tell me I'm wrong. Like WTF. No, I'm not wrong. I'm pretty sure I know exactly how my GPU is running on my rig.
&gt; Why the downvotes lol, how am I supposed to know you find that out 2 minutes into the game Because it wasn't a game spoiler, it was a book spoiler, and not a particularly big one at that. Most people don't consider events that happened in the books "spoilers", especially considering how many things in TW3 relate back to the books.
nVidia drivers were recently updated. Maybe try rolling those back?
Disable SweetFX, set gamma, re-enable sweetFX.
I would absolutely argue that TW3 is objectively better than Skyrim. Without even touching the "meh" story and crap quests: vanilla Skyrim is mediocre. Particularity people will bash it who are big fans of previous TES games, specifically Morrowind. Morrowind isn't flawless by any means but whereas a lot of Morrowind's faults are either technical or limitations of the technology at the time, many of Skyrim's faults are deliberate design choices. There's some things Skyrim gets right but in some ways it's the perfect illustration of how making a game "more accessible" actually hurts the overall quality of the game by significantly simplifying certain gameplay elements that shouldn't have been simplified. On PC a lot of Skyrim's annoyances can be directly blamed on developing for last-gen console limitations (Skyrim remains a poster child for shit UI design, as well as very poor memory management and very harsh memory limitations, crap dynamic draw distances and LOD ranges, mediocre quality stock textures, poor AA implementation, the list goes on). The game doesn't even make any real use of DX11 on PC. It was never made with 64-bit support because last-gen consoles didn't support it, despite how much benefit it would have gotten from it. Not to mention being hardly playable right off install without .ini tweaks if you're not using a controller (or it was for the first 6 months or so on release, no idea what it's like now). There was a lot of lazy development on Bethesda's part with Skyrim on PC. I've encountered a few bugs with TW3 (nothing compared to Skyrim), but the overall game design and writing quality blows Skyrim away. Most PC players who rave about Skyrim do so because you can mod the game out the ass and back. And frankly, that's the only reason it's got staying power. And it's somewhat ironic that one of the best mods for Skyrim circumvents Bethesda's memory fuckup... which was a combination of the ancient engine it's on and setting a low hard limit for consoles (why this wasn't different in the PC version is beyond me). This is coming from someone who could hardly manage 20 hours in stock skyrim and now has over 250 in it modded. And I've never finished the main story in Skyrim because, frankly, it's boring as shit and the characters are so incredibly two-dimensional that I just don't care about any of them. The above might have come off a bit like I'm console bashing.. that's not my intention. Rather I want to illustrate that Skyrim was a game that was held back by poor design decisions and the requirement to make *significant* technical compromises because of the old hardware it hard to run on. There's a few compromises in TW3 from a technical side, but they sure as hell didn't dumb down the gameplay in the name of "accessibility".
Unlikely. TW1 is on a modified the Aurora engine (of Neverwinter Nights/KotoR), so the controls are heavily embedded into a that type of game. You're not going to get it playing like TW2 and 3.
Yen *is* a complete bitch. *Nobody* likes her. A lot of people think that the relationship Geralt has is some kind of storybook happy relationship, and can't fathom why he'd be in a relationship with Yen. It isn't. They're both deeply flawed characters that are in a sometimes very toxic relationship. Triss is naive and manipulative, in both the books and the games. She lets herself be used and she uses Geralt for her own purposes. Yennifer is one of the only ones that told the lodge to go f--- themselves every time they tried to use her for their own purposes and especially when they tried to use Geralt or Ciri. Yen might be a complete bitch, but she's an honest bitch.
* Keep your hard drives organised. Don't put user data all over the fucking place, it makes it really hard to find and backup stuff. * Backup important data. * DON'T ROBO-CLICK THROUGH INSTALL MENUS. Read them. * *DON'T INSTALL STUPID, RANDOM SHIT.* * If the program/solution seems to good to be true, it probably is. * Snake-oil solutions don't work on your car.. they don't work on the computer, either. * Unless you *really* know what you're doing, the operating system is better at virtual memory management than you are. Don't fuck with those settings. * Actually, don't fuck with any settings if you don't know what their purpose is. Feel free to fuck around with stuff, but you should have an idea what it does first so you know what result to look for. * Troubleshooting: Start with the simplest solution first, and as much as possible only change on variable at a time. * 90% of the time it's not a virus, update, or bad piece of software that's screwing things up. It's something you've done. * The remaining 10% of the time, it's something you've installed on the computer. * If programs crash or you get error messages, *actually read them*. Many times they'll either tell you exactly what's wrong or give you enough information to start troubleshooting. * Make copies of configuration files before you make changes to them.
