He's gonna be walking for a while, since he can't exactly fit on one of those ships.
Yep, exactly. My father immediately turned to me and asked why Jon was able to kill the walker. It's also a good way to link Valyrian Steel with walker killing, because it hasn't really been clear in the show at all that it's anything other than a good metal.
It showed Lord Protector Mormont giving Jon his sword, mentioning that it's Valyrian Steel.
That's the one that really gets me the most. Beric Dondarrion was introduced...and then never used in any way what so ever. At least Gendry had assisted in a plotline in some way. Beric did nothing besides have a flaming sword fight. In the end, he contributed nothing before he was abandoned. The worst part of all of it is that there were like three or four "Previously" segments last season that showed him. They teased the fuck out of LSH and then never introduced her.
They are. If you're a buyer you will never have an issue. If you're a seller, you're completely fucked. Especially if the buyer is a prick. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/jan/04/paypal-buyer-destroys-violin That's probably the most ridiculous case of them all, in my opinion. Not because of the dollar amount, but because Paypal apparently *told* the buyer to destroy the item because Paypal (who is not an authority on authenticity of anything) decided that it was a counterfeit.
He's saying that obeying the law isn't a reason for the government to leave you alone. Basically, he supports the government watching every single person at every single moment so they can fuck you whenever they want for any reason they want.
Actually his overall point was that Lan and Demandred were equal in skill if they were both fresh. It's implied by Lan's inner dialog that if he were not so tired he thought it would have been an even fight. But Lan could also have been underestimating himself, considering the fact that he'd been fighting for ***days*** at that point and was still only barely losing.
Only Frontier does, which is the original MH MMO (there's also Chinese Monster Hunter Online, which is a different game). Frontier has been around for 8+ years, and is constantly getting updated. A few years back, people were getting too good so they added Hardcore monsters, which have insanely stupid abilities and hit ranges in exchange for rare drops that make the best gear in the game. One of the more hilarious ones (in my opinion) is Hardcore Congalala: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qVgQoi1wHw
Is it just me or was there a noticeable audio desync this episode? It was affecting my ability to pay attention because everything was off. This was on the broadcast version, not sure if the HBO GO version is any different.
&gt;and leave the results, if any, for next week. People forget that we didn't immediately see the effect of her magic last time either. When Stannis burned the slugs, nothing happened until later. All of the people he named died, but it wasn't ten seconds later. It wasn't even in the same season for most of them.
