Stop overthinking and do what you feel. once you have pulled an "overnighter" (I am assuming this also means sex) then it's pretty much on. So relax, he is enjoying himself, you should be too.
"You suck dick right?"
Well, time to practice your baseball skills. Next time at bat, try to score second or third base!!! In my experience, once we are kissing and making out, the cocks become hard and if you touch him or draw attention to your hardon, it is just natural to wanna play with it. Ease him into a blowjob situation, and suck his cock. I find that sexual as hell and very intimate! It's not as big a committment as heading to the bedroom for upside down naked calisthenics, and often can be the most intimate way to provide pleasure.
Yes, it's a thing. Take note of specific instances IF there is a behavior you would like changed, be aware this isn't just about him, this is also about you. Look, I am a man's man kinda guy. I have tools, owned guns, intimidate younger straight boys, do my own brake jobs, fix plumbing and repairs around the house, remodeled the kitchen, et cet. None of that makes me feel insecure. But when my partner makes comments about my being our dogs mama to other men I would be insecure and object. Eventually I learned to deal with it and he learned to show enough respect that we reached a compromise. It just is key in realizing that just because he looks at you a certain way, that doesn't make you into that person. You can ask them to change, you can ask them what they mean, and explain how it makes you insecure. In my life he tells our 13 Lb Shih-tzus to "ask their momma for a treat" I have realized that it is endearing and affectionate and I no longer object, he does take my car to the gas station and fill it for me sometimes, and he does a lot of the laundry chores and we share the cooking. It works for me, I don't take any shit for it, when my work friends come around they get a kick because they all see me as very powerful and manly, and he allows them to see a tender side to me. EDIT: spelling, some grammar, (iPad autocorrect hell)
Hey str8 bro, no one likes being "catfished" and what they did to you was awful no matter their sexuality or gender. If you were recorded, against your will, and without your knowledge, that is not a crime. However, if you were recorded while you were being misled and they then disseminate your images to porn or other content providers, they have committed some crimes which are prosecutable and carry both civil and criminal liability (fines, restitution, jail time). If anything they may post it somewhere. If you do find it out there, seek legal help to have it removed and control it. Keep in mind that you are not a celebrity, so your pictures will not stand out unless someone knows you. Don't be too afraid, the pics will be largely unseen until you run for office...
Offer him the whole package bro. Instead of trying to be his first, try to be his all. Go and try to win out against the boyfriend, but you have to offer the same things. You don't mention that the brother is into you at all, so you must be just wishing from afar? Time to find out if you have a chance at being his boyfriend, not just some guy who wants to fuck him.
All you have to do is take it to the next level. Instead of eye contact, it has to be verbal, so be cute when you say something. Take your time wording responses and instead of short curt responses, take the time to introduce new subjects while keeping the conversation going. For instance: (Him) Sup? (You) IDK- but there are possibilities.... There is no way that won't get a response, (or blocked haha). Be suggestive, sexual, excited, and interested, but use your words.
Remember to have fun and talk about how it feels to your partner. He needs to know if you feel good and vice versa. One shower will work, just pay attention with soap and washcloth to all the ares where he might be close. Scrub your ears, your toes, your ass, taint, hole, Cock, balls, and stick a finger in and around inside your anus to make sure you are clean, if you have a foreskin, retract it and clean all inside there. Above all have fun, and don't be selfish.
&gt;He lets me be selfish and not do much and he does a lot of the work haha Well it's obvious you and he are in different places. You think you are simply fucking, and he thinks he is building a relationship. At some point you figured to stop taking advantage of him? Or did you plan on being the "selfish one" from now on? So you plan to ghost him. Wow, that's payback for his investment. Why not just level with him and explain that it is purely physical for you and obviously not for him, and it's time for you to go. God forbid you take some responsibility here. Be firm, be real, tell him that it's over and you are not seeing him any more.
Challenge yourself. Let him drive. You need practice at that. Social first or you will be easy and they won't date you, but will just use you for sex. These aren't hard and fast rules, there are always exceptions, but as a gay man, you owe it to yourself to learn how to function socially first so that you can separate the serial killers from the potential husbands.
