I'm not embarrassed.
yeah, if you remember some of the bigger moves of the twins (getting aaron boone for example), they either were terrible when they came to minnesota or they just didn't want to be in a "small ball" club
[Ram Rules](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-d-Hf5Zzn4)
&gt;Hadn't beaten a team with a winning record Well, now they have
My dad talks about how he was flying back to MN (from a business trip in NJ, somewhat ironically). He was in line to board when he first heard that the score was 7-0 (the game had obviously just started). When he reached his seat the score was 14-0. A couple minutes later, the attendant announced "Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin our safety instructions, but I would just like to update on the score of the Vikings-Giants game.... it is now 24-0 Giants." So he just kind of assumed it wasn't worth listening to or watching the rest. Also, this is much easier to talk about than our other recent NFCCGs...
It wasn't a blowout, but in 2012, the Vikings came off a 3-13 season, and they were 1-1. The team the beat (in OT) was JAX, and the team they lost to was the Colts (who were 2-14 the previous year). They were up against the 49ers who were 13-3 the previous year and just lost an NFCCG that they should have won against the Giants. The first quarter, CHRISTIAN PONDER (what?) throws a nice touchdown pass on an 80 yard drive to Kyle Rudolph. He then finishes an 84 yard drive in the second quarter with a ~25 yard run. The Vikings forced 3 TOs and blocked 2 punts, threw no interceptions, and only turned the ball over twice in pretty close to garbage time (by Toby Gerhart, and those were his first two fumbles in a really long time). It was the first time in 8 games (someone could check me on this, I don't know for sure if this is right, but it's something like this) that Alex Smith threw an interception, and the first time in 13 games that Frank Gore turned the ball over. tl;dr A 3-13 team quarterbacked by Christian Ponder beat a 13-3 team made of steel and amazing defense, and did it without any gimmicks.
Hey don't be mad. We had a game (not against the dolphins) where WE even had a walk-off safety. Not only that, but a walk-off safety in a game where we scored 0 touchdowns!
Random thing, but this last year was the first time the Vikings have been in the bottom half of the league in rush defense (which is still ok, they were 17th). But yeah, the Vikings have always had a very impressive rush defense, and I never realized how badly it sucks to have someone rush all over you until Lacey did it this year.
I love how well defined the NFC North lines are. Straight along the WI-MN and WI-IL borders are perfect. Also in that regard, AZ just takes up every county for itself and only itself. Pretty cool
I work at Valleyfair on the Ripcord. You guys should come visit me and say Skol, because 5 of the 11 people who work there are packer fans and it grosses me out a little.
