You don't lose your old license. Your key is still fine, don't worry 😊. You'll probably need to install fresh again though. No downgrading
Eye contact is not just "eye contact" though, and some people don't realize this. Often you can tell when someone is making eye contact just to make eye contact, and often they have these unnatural, big wide-open eyes that are clearly strained. Or, while you are "trying" to make eye contact, they make eye contact with you, and then you shift your mannerism somehow, or your eyes get larger, or whatever, even in the most subtle way, to their eyes, makes it come off as creepy. Eye contact is important, but it needs to be natural, and this is a hard challenge for a lot of people. Also, natural eye contact is not 100% staring into their eyes, no one does that naturally. It's looking at their eyes, but letting your eyes wander a little to their lips, or you looking away while you think of a response. This is more natural. I have a friend who doesn't get this and you can tell he is trying to have eye contact, but instead he just eye fucks you because of the never ending "stare." And that is the key-word, good eye contact is NOT staring, it is like I said, looking in their eyes, but not penetrating their eyes, not being afraid to look at their lips or something else when you think. Looking at their eyes can be great, especially with someone of the opposite sex, but if you are going to molest their eyes with your eyes, it better be with someone who you know there is a good vibe with between each other. Hoverer, I don't know. This usually just means people don't want you to be "in" on their conversation, but you hang around anyway, missing the social ques. This could be fore many reasons why they may not want this, but typically if someone is already engaged in a conversation, and you show up, if they don't immediately bring you into it, after the initial "hey how's it going?" then just move on. I mean, you might say, "What's new?" and then if it doesn't go beyond a "not much..." then you just say, "Oh just wanted to say hey, don't want to interrupt your conversation. I'll see you guys later!" Then move on. Hoverers don't get the social que and still hang around. I am not saying this is your case, but the situation is situational. You can be the most popular person around, but doesn't mean that a certain conversation is meant for you to be a part of. Not everyone wants you to be a part of every conversation, so don't take it as a personal sleight against you if they don't want you to be. The popular person gets this, understands this, and moves on quickly. No lingering, no awkward pauses, just, "See you later!" But, if you are asking yourself why you may not be the person that gets brought into the conversations, there are many reasons this could be. It's true what others have said, being attractive helps, but that's not really it. All that does is help you jump through a few hoops. If you are still "weird" then people will catch on soon enough no matter how good looking you are. A lot of it has to do with because people don't think you have something to bring to the conversation. People enjoy others who have an interesting life, have interesting stories to share, or things they can relate to with. If you are NEVER the person to talk about cool things you did that weekend, or places you went, or relevant things to others, and being able to do so in an interesting way, it is harder for them to even care sharing with you about anything. My go-to success in social situations is to have your own interesting things about yourself, but to spend 90% of the time talking about things they care about. See them talking about something? Ask them a cool question about it, show interest in their topic. Focus on them and they love you. Again, this needs to be natural and you need to show sincere interest, and questions can't be technical and just for gaining info, but more along the lines of, "Oh wow, that sounds like it was so fun, did you manage to do this too when you did it?!" As just a brief example... Ultimately though, the key is to being able to predict how other people might react to what you say and do, and being able to do that on the fly, without thinking about it much. Meaning, if I act a certain way and I do a certain thing, what are these people going to think? Being able to "know" how people will react rather than just guess or try to think how they will is the highest quality to have that will help you succeed in socialisms more. It allows flexibility, the ability to discern people's different personalities and how to react to each one appropriately. It will allow you to more quickly catch the social ques because you can discern what others might be thinking. Some of this comes from experience, but much of it just comes from self-awareness. This is all easier said than done, and it is hard to say it is something that can be "practiced." Why? Because much of it you can't really... However, the important thing is this... If YOU like yourself, and you know what you want in your life, and are going for it, then you will have the self-confidence to be that kind of person. Just know what you want out of life and go for it. If you don't, that's step one. You can't go any further if you are just gonna doubt yourself. The reality is that it all falls back on you and you CAN and absolutely will become someone that is likable and successful, in whatever way that definition of success matters to you, but you first gotta believe in yourself that one, you are not some creep, because you're not, and then go from there. Social anxiety is a very real and common thing, but you're not doomed with it from birth. Much of it is learned... So, unlearn it. It takes time, but all of a sudden you look back and you realize how different you are socially, but at the same time, never lost who you are inside. I have confidence that you'll figure it out!
This is cool, but wouldn't it just be more efficient for them to just refund the difference?
But, the base could easily be turned into just a skeleton crew, with significantly smaller programs only. They will lose outon hundreds of millions, likely billions over some years of we can't get that plane here. The sound is really not that bad and the planes even have protocols to follow when flying over residential so it's not deafening anyway. The A-10 program is not gonna last much longer and the F 35 future proofs us. No other program they bring here is even closer to the scale and size, not to mention that the whole "could bring other programs here" doesn't even mean they will. IF Tucson residents annoy em enough, that might just scratch the base off the list completely for anything. All I can say is it would be a tragedy if Tucson loses this...
OMG, and you know what? Who does wallstreet really want on the ticket? Hillary OR Bush... They want them so bad. Why does Bush even have a chance? Why do they keep bringing him up? I don't even know any Republicans that want a 3rd Bush. But Hillary, really!? That lady has so much baggage it's insane. Can anyone really say they could trust Hillary? No. Yet, I feel like I could trust Rand Paul. Hell, I feel like I could trust Bernie Sanders, even though I don't always agree with the guy, but I could trust him because you KNOW exactly what he believes in as he has been preaching it for decades. Rand Paul is the same, he actually believes in his politics. Hillary on the other hand? She is constantly lying... one cover story after another over the email things. One excuse here, another there. I can't trust her. I HATE that she is the DNC's chose establishment frontrunner. They couldn't have a worse candidate. Elizabeth Warren would run circles around her if given a chance, but nope, not the establishment's choice.
Ya, while I agree paypal is crap, you don't walk away from a business like that. The big key word is"probably" about 250k. If you are running a business, particlularly a small business, you know exactly how much you made. I ran my own small business for 5 and a half years and I could tell you exactly what my revenue was all 5 years, a couple of them being higher than his 250k. Why? Because you do everything... you track it hardcore. You file the taxes. When he is like I "sold probably 250k per year," one, implying his revenue was static year after year(BS!), but also he wasn't sure the exact amount, just kind of close? And, then he left it all cause paypal pissed him off? No way in hell us he real. But, I do concede the ebay thing. They skim you for so much money, from ebay, the fees, then paypal, before you ever even see your money in your bank account. I drifted away from them and ebay over time as a result myself too... sadly.
Oh God, ya that makes a WHOLE lot of sense. I'll start the flame on you because it's deserved. For all you know they took that photo in a parking lot or stopped at a red light. The article doesn't say the photo was "SECONDS" before the accident, they just said it was the last picture of the girls before the accident. The guy was a repeat DUI offender. That is the cause...
Except I am happy with what he did with the series, and this is coming from a Trekkie who owns his own flight cadet uniform! Seriously, I love the series and the philosophical nature of the story-telling, but I also understand that you can have a fun, visual, suspenseful movie for everyone too. The reality is that my wife never cared for the Star Trek series. My wife doesn't even like Sci-Fi. Heck, my wife doesn't even care for Star Wars, as it's "too boring" in her words. She doesn't even care for the Lord of the Rings movies, for that matter. She likes lots of things, but for some reason, these just never appealed to her. Yet, she LIKED the new Star Trek movies, both of em. Liked the 2nd one even more. I liked em too, they were fun. Maybe not as "deep" on an intellectual level as classic Star Trek, but what Abrahms did was bring Star Trek to the mainstream and I am not sure someone who LOVES Star Trek would've done this. They probably would've been more true to classic Star Trek style storytelling, which might've been good, might've not, but one thing you cannot die about the reboot is how it's breathed fresh life into the series. Anyway, I wouldn't mind the 3rd movie going back to its roots a bit more, but I have zero complaints about these 2. I think they are fun and still worth watching more than once.
But that's not what happened is it? It doesn't matter if they almost hit them or whatever... you are on a bike, you end up in people's blind spots, it happens. What is not acceptable is road rage for any reason at all. These douchebags put other drivers in danger as they weaved in and out, and then attacked this family in a car... NO EXCUSES. I don't care if they almost ran into one of em. The proper thing to do is to phone the police and maybe follow them slowly from behind whilst giving their plate number to the police. What did they do? Smash a window with a toddler in the backseat... Ya, go to jail. These guys deserve any sentencing they get. Fucking douchebags that should be off the road is what I saw.
Yup, but the Hospital still sends people without the fancy insurance the same bill though, so unless they are educated to ask for reduced pricing, the hospital will take it all if they pay it.
