Is there any mention of time travel in the by laws?
Eh, between mls and MLB, I chose the third option; football break. Then again, we got Copa America to look forward to. Paulinho might some how (magically) improve? Also, Lamela is in the squad, so he's bound to absorb some Messi/di Maria magic from playing with em.
So what are we trying to get out of all this? World Cups not in Qatar, or do we include Russia as well? I guess, that's what the winning candidate will be asking.
Not bad blood, just blood between Suarez' teeth. We're still cool.
Bout that time eh chaps?
So what does this hold for Andros?
Eh, I give him "great servant". Not " legend", but he at least deserves the former title for the sheer fact that over the last 3 seasons, he's been our best CB. Despite the craziness that was AVB-Tim-Poch, he carved out a spot on the starting 11 and is basically written in pen next to Lloris on the team sheet.
If you go to the FL studios forums or look up any of the old interviews on EDM/DJ mags, you see the name came from him finding a dead mouse in his PC tower. If anything, the head is a rip-off of Daft Punks signature "spin music with LEDs in front of your face" helmets. I think that became more pronounced in the current iteration of his mask. Before it was just a red mau5 head. I guess since he is no longer opening (more likely to spin at night) he decided that more LEDs were needed to make him stand out in the dark. Then again, its all a rip off from the whole EDM subculture. When was the last time you went to a rave and didn't see some wierdo without some shiny lights coming from them?
Yes. I'd be treating the lads out to the clubs after games, buying bottles 'round the table, and taking care of all legal fees involved with prostitution scandals that came after said clubbing. Because I can afford it. If I were not a billionaire, I would not be taking care of 5th division player's kits. Even if I were a millionaire, I'd still be looking for a good paying job... have you seen inflation rates lately?
Filter out all the love/hate comments about GRRM, this is by far the best comment. :)...:(
