Generally not suspicious means they've got reasonable evidence that it was a suicide or there were obvious natural causes of death. That's interesting in this case (in a dark way, sorry) though because she was found in the river. Presumably there's evidence on her person or nearby that makes them confident she put herself in there.
This sub has been flooded with this sort of talk for a while now. I notice less and less people from the UK are contributing, probably because of the atmosphere built up by brexit users.
Not to worry Scottish Lib Dems, it'll probably just result in a fine that can be forwarded to the JRF to cover.
Communist? I've never seen anything remotely communist over there. Left of centre certainly but given the Labour party seems to be the favourite of /r/unitedkingdom I wouldn't expect many communists.
You're not supposed to do anything other than rent. The rental market needs to be supported don't you know? If they build houses then all of a sudden lots of Tory voters won't have that nice reliable source of income.
I think that a lot of Leave voters will seriously consider their choice of vote for the next GE after what they perceive to be an attack from their own party. Nige has played up to these people and has been trying to get their vote for a while now, he might well cause a rift big enough to achieve electoral success on the back of.
Very sad. Hopefully as they get older they can begin to understand what happened in Syria and hopefully it becomes possible for them to return if they wish. If not then Scotland can only gain from them. Their choice.
I'm a little confused about this article given the recent one in The Courier saying the Tories will split apart as a result of Johnson taking the leadership.
BUT NASHANULISM! I think it's beaten into Labour supporters in this country that believing in self governance makes you no different to UKIP because reasons. I know it annoys them that the sort of blood and soil ethnic nationalism that you find in the rest of the UK is as near as makes no difference absent in Scotland but it's no excuse for utter ignorance either.
Wait, I thought you were making some sort of clever statement based on what Yes voters did to Labour in 2015... Still, I can get behind the sentiment. I think a lot of Conservative voters will feel let down by their party if it's a remain result, I see UKIP as the obvious future choice for those people.
