gold, it was just for sega as far as i know
I'm a former coder my self. Used to code cheats back in 2007 for CSS and CoD. The problem with these mini updates every 1-2 days is that, well, they are mini. Usually coders have just update offsets and netvars, as an update doesnt mean the cheat is detected, just outdated. So I would rather make a very good AC than a "unhackable" game. VAC idea of sig-scanning isnt too bad, but in the state that is right now, is pretty easy to bypass it.
Ok, so you split up the functions in different branches n shit. Good. But now you have a lot of code to merge. And the same code may be necessary for 2 or more functions. That just won't work.
He was always along my favourites , but in MK9, I was disgusted. They made him like shujinko, doing ( fightinig in this case) blindless, influenced by the " I got to prove something..." cliche. In MKX they make every character, especially the females bitching about him being liu's inferior
Oke, but what could've you done with his older personality. He was even more like Liu Kang, peaceful and respectful. At least now they give him a different personality. I understand that you really like him, you probably wanted him to be the MK tournament winner in the first place. Anyway that backstory, with him being the first choice of the Shaolin is head-in-head with your "driven by duty". His duty was to defend directly earthrealm but he declined. And is probably a back story written by NRS in 5 mins, according to it he was probably better than liu kang. Well the same shit goes for Bo Rai Cho , he could probably takr Goro, Shang Tsung and Shao Kahm all at a time but he was from Outworld and didnt help with the tournament in any way.
Or you have a high sens. This could cause the consistency
No, he is so right. So many bad decisions, especially after WW2. Ok you won a war( lets be honest, they won the East on their own so grats). But after that they decided to close themself in their country, on the mentality " what happens in Russia, stays in Russia" when the whole world was opening, civil rights were establishing, freedom n other shit. But they were trapped in because of the leaders' being so "patriotic". They just wanted to do things on their own and look where they are now
Your arguments are so awful 1) oh man, there are human involved, aswell as 16 tick, trust me, you can get OW so ez. 2)Even if pro players would cheat ( ofc not, they risk too much wtf), you think they cant hide their cheats?
Tho, with the inflation of ranks many LE are now GE
When large playerbase still is at 60 fps 128 tick are just a pain in the ass , afaik. In my class there are 8 CSGO players, 1 with a super computer, me with stable 250 fps on high, one with 150 stable fps and the others around 60 or below. Tho one of them plays on a 128 awp server and he said everything is smoother but sometimes he is moving in frames. No no, no 35 sec when at LEM I still get paired with people without mic/ dont know to call out/ refuse to call out/ cant read the radar.
