I guess it's comes down to how serious a show tries to be. One Piece is just a jolly ride of a rollercoaster, so it should not be taken too seriously. I haven't watched Attack on Titan, but from the short clips I've seen, it seems that it takes itself much more seriously, meaning it has to be right in order to do that properly. An example would be Akame ga Kill! which is a show that tries to take itself very seriously. It fails to do so when it shows characters jumping high into the air to make an extra powerful attack, and instead of sidestepping the slash, the opponent tries to block it. Makes no sense at all and is highly inconsistent with its world. In many shows and movies, you have to ignore some real world physics in order to enjoy the show. For instance Godzilla, Pacific Rim or Attack on Titan features extremely large characters who wouldn't be able to stand if the show respected the square-cubic law. Btw, is Attack on Titan a great show? I plan on watching it, I just don't know if I should do it next or if doesn't matter if I wait a bit. It should be noted that I disliked Akame ga Kill! so if it's like that, I'll wait a bit :D
This has given me a new look at her. She is definitely not a character you would expect having great strength, but you are right that she is very strong. Thanks for the post. I only see one mistake: &gt; (whose members are, just as a side note, ranked primarily by strength, indicating she was stronger than Mr.1 who at the time almost killed Roronoa Zoro in single combat). The Baroque Works members are paired, meaning the males have a number which indicates their strength, while the females are paired in a way that utilizes her skills with one of the numbered males. This means that the females are not necessarily stronger just because they are paired with a lower numbered male, and they are definitely not stronger than their male equivalent, i.e. Crocodile is stronger than Robin. Personally I believe that Mr. 1 was stronger than Robin during the Alabasta Arc, but we actually don't know.
It was presented as being a fact though... I just think there is more evidence pointing to Mr. 1 being stronger than Robin during the Alabasta Arc. The sole reason Mr. 1 is having the 3rd most senior rank is because of his abilities in combat. There is no other reason at all, while Robin has a lot of different purposes, none of which are combat. She is a Master of Puppets, so to speak (yes, a reference to Metallica).
Oh, my bad. I missed that part. Sorry :( I agree with you that it does indicate that she is very strong. Just seeing how scared Vivi was when Robin was first introduced is proof enough. Robin is surely underrated and is very strong. I'm glad you pointed that out. Thanks a lot, it was a great read :D
Blackbeard's fruit has nothing to do with actual dark matter in the scientific sense, but I agree with you. His fruit is fundamentally different.
Ever seen a manga/anime where a character jumps 5 meters into the air to perform a really powerful slash? In reality it can just be side stepped putting the user at a huge disadvantage. Of course it's a disadvantage in reality, but it's not reality. I really like when shows are realistic, which is why I plan on watching Junketsu no Maria, but not featuring realistic fights is just something most shows do, and that's fine.
&gt; but it would be the rarest mythical zoan fruit Why do people keep using the term "rarest"? There are only 1 of each fruit so they are equally rare. The only reason they talk about them being rarer than the other is the different types. Any 1 devil fruit is as rare as any other, since there are 1 of each. Sure you could argue that it's the most valuable, but that doesn't make it any rarer than the others.
Copyright infringement. Also I doubt Oda would like to steal from others, even if he was allowed.
Yup, that's how I feel as well. The story is really well done because it takes the essence of One Piece (nakamas) and turn it up to the max in a well done fashion. It was refreshing from the usual One Piece, which is what I liked as well. I didn't necessarily like the art over the original One Piece art, but I didn't mind it.
Dark matter can't be seen, which means that if Blackbeard had a fruit that turned him into dark matter, we wouldn't be able to see it. Rather than being black, he would be invisible. This means that the powers of the Suke Suke no Mi that Absalom has is closer to being a Logia with dark matter than Blackbeard's fruit. Dark matter is NOT an elemental force, but rather an type of matter. So yes, it is stuff, but we don't know what type of stuff it is. Your link is about gravitational singularities, which is again something hypothetical. We actually don't even know what black holes are, if there is an event horizon or not (which is something month old papers now being to question, even the father of black holes, Stephen Hawking). We think there is a singularity, which is an infinitely small point in the universe with mass. Your link says a singularity is not a state of matter, as in it's not a state normal matter can take. Iron can't become a singularity, but it can be solid and liquid. It's a weird question tbh, because matter has to react in some way if it is compressed into infinity, but this just goes to show how weird singularities are. It does fit the criteria for a Logia, since it's an element in a sense. The problem is that it's hypothetical, meaning we don't know if it even exists at all. We also have no idea what it is or how it behaves. We have only predicted it because we know that a lot of mass is missing in the universe. I hope you learned something. I suggest you watch this video if you find dark matter interesting. I sure do :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77yXhAibQp4 As for your final question, I have no idea. I've wondered myself, and I guess we won't know unless Oda tells us. Oda would probably just explain it as Luffy: "It's a mystery element!" A final note: Dark matter has nothing to do with black holes. They are completely seperate theories that has nothing to do with each other. I guess you could say that it's possible that black holes are formed from dark matter, since the gravitational pull on light would be the same resulting in a black hole. This is highly unlikely though and would not make much sense.
