Really depends on which effect you plan on getting, it looks alright with confetti imo.
well gg bois
god damn it refs
god damn it kc.
Pats can stop the clock on defense but chiefs cant stop it on offense. lmao
god damn it newton
same. considering steaming is 102.5 keys, i can see this going for 95-120, like sketchy said.
God damn op, too soon
How do you even survive?
Not really.
Vel'Koz
Rammus. Rolling around would be fun as hell.
That's pretty lit.
Holy shit, that's epic as hell
https://i.reddituploads.com/5224defe72b84b8d97d852f52ea942e5?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=a2b6ac494c178d57cb56617fabdc7f21
I want Butt also
And everywhere else for that matter!
Well i mean they won most of them with tannehill
I think the entire league loses when Osweiler plays
Jesus LOL
This game is one
Landry you're still down by 13 chill lol
THERE YOU GO DOLPHIN BROS
If we lose and kc wins, kc goes up to 2, we fall to 5
Cool, SD is up.
WR
Oh fuck you Talib
McGloin looking pretty good.
Talib stole my nonexistant wife
Ah shit, who replaces Allen? Joseph is out.
Use it on myself for being in a room with both of them
GO CHARGERS
Suck a dick.
Uh NFL, I reccomend you dont show KC commercials in a Denver vs Oakland game.
Alright McGloin that was on you
Well, lets see Cook I guess
I know it isnt looking too good, but we're a 2nd half team people.
Holy fuck thats a lot of Chiefs fans in SD....
I saw the Dolphins I know as well today :(
COOK EM UP COOK
CRABTREE COME IN
Our backup for Cook is Crabtree btw
He was in pain and throws were inaccurate
These refs can step on a lego
Crabtree is still better im pretty sure
I mean he got to the Super Bowl before....
Its fucking infuriating when we're playing for everything
The fuck CBS? Winning play is a hit to QB(not a sack) that injured him? Fuck you CBS
Well if we lose and KC wins we're against the Texans...
I dont care what you say, but there's no excuse for allowing 24 points against one of the worst offenses in the league. Something is clearly wrong.
