A slag tag?
I think that would be pretty easy! If I wanted to use the internet I could easily keep myself entertained with youtube/wikipedia/whatever for a day.
What would be a better choice?
Sideburn Sid. He was called Glenn and he lived on the army base with a load of huge snakes. Or the kid who used to pass out every time we did sex ed or anything even remotely related to genitals or reproduction. Poor bastard.
Yeah why those other guyz gotta bring the Pit down?!
A time where I need the money for something essential.
My farts.
There was a guy....I want to say Ben, here who slept with Peaches Geldof and posted pictures. I believe they took heroin together too. I would link but I just tried and got some pretty NSFW results so no dice.
A place to share and discuss almost anything online.
I think there should be a name for when you see like more than one bird. I suggest Fluck.
Why don't you guys have squash? Or why isn't it more common? Shit is tasty and pretty healthy and noway near as dull as water.
Ah you met Paul Moore, yeah he is kinda androgynous.
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
Why use that word if you are going to have to explain it anyway?
Sorry I meant the drink, like cordial.
She...?
I did the same recently, someone pointed it out to me so thought I would do the same as I actually didn't realise!
It doesn't get read. Well it might, but it's not guaranteed which is why they suggest you don't.
OK well I ask because hopefully that might give you some insight into how he feels. He obviously likes those body types (as you like tall guys) but the fact that you aren't that exactly type isn't necessarily an issue, as his height isn't for you.
The best one hit wonder IMO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Google. &gt; -inurl:(htm|html|php) intitle:”index of” +”last modified” +”parent directory” +description +size +(wma|mp3) “Nirvana” Swap Nirvana for the band you want.
8 fingers and 1 thumb. I originally wrote 2 thumbs but realised I actually only use my right thumb for spaces, the left one is doing nothing!
ME?!
Shia.
Yeeah.
Marilyn Monroe is my guess.
All kinds of ways, reddit can be helpful - what sort of holiday are you hoping to take?
/r/IdLikeToKnowMoreAbout/ It's not actually interesting...yet.
I think you need Rick and Morty in your life, seems like you would enjoy it.
*This comment can only be viewed from IP Addresses from within Clark County, Nevada*
Hey I have seen you make this joke before!
Avatar and Titanic - showing audiences something they haven't seen before. Avengers - many popular characters with massive and loyal fans from various age ranges yet generic enough to appeal to others as an light action movie.
Clowns. I never really believe people when they say this, just think they are acting up for whatever reason.
Encarta.
Wiping your bum.
Well that depends, what time of day is it?
I admit I find that a little odd.
Do you like them or is it a convenience based diet?
What's American Cheese?
...Nookie?
Is that pickle as in gherkin or pickle as in chutney?
Where do you live and what makes it safer to eat there than elsewhere? Is that all meats or just certain ones?
Where do you come from?
The name Ants on a Log is so great. Not only because it does actually look like that, but it just has a nice flow/feel to it - not sure what the word I am looking for is. That guy said Cellar door was good but I prefer Ants on a Log.
And is she open to such things? I think you are eventually going to struggle if sex is off the cards but perhaps if you guys can explore alternative that will help.
Or China! Or Nigeria!
Sounds risky!
Bruce.
3 cups. One upon waking up, as in I literally press go on the machine by my bed and drink it while coming back to my senses. This is at 7:30. Then I get one from the coffee bar at work at around 10am (with my Marmite toast), just a regular sized black Americano. Then my 3rd is usually around 3pm, another black Americano at work.
A job for a company that has offices all over the world. I am currently trying to transfer from England to Australia.
