I once went to a reception which had nothing, but finger foods, along with a "slider bar" (mini burgers) and a mashed potato bar. I know the last one sounds odd, but the delicious hot potatoes were served in martini glasses and could be topped with butter, grated cheddar cheese, sour cream, green onions, bacon, salsa, guacamole, and a few other things. It was ah-MAZING!
ZANG!
Release that inner Bridezilla. Attack Mashed Potato Town! (There might have been a mini taco bar as well.)
*She started sulking and said DH and I aren't making time for her.* "How old are we, MIL? Being sulky over our family's schedule for the foreseeable future doesn't suit you. Buck up. Perhaps things will smooth out towards by the time the year's out."
What.A.Bitch. When you're around her and she's nasty or mean, or whatever she is being, look at her and reply "nasty." Or "mean-spirited," or "unkind." "Disparaging." Hell, I'd get a thesaurus and start learning synonyms left &amp; right.
Here are a few of the and they're doozies! https://www.reddit.com/user/PocketSized-Moose/submitted/
So, I have to ask. Is your Gran slightly touched, or does she just have a sense of humor no one gets? I sprayed coffee all over my laptop when I saw the wood.
Have you given her your own trash? Like, perhaps a single slipper, or an old magazine?
SHE gave you used/contaminated crap, and she expects YOU to be embarrassed? Yeah, her picnic basket's shy a few sandwiches.
Amazon has excellent customer service, but you'll have to drill down through their *Help* links to where you can send them an email asking if it is possible to keep your home address private. I know in the States, FedEx will ship to a local FedEx store near you for you to pick up at your convenience. I believe it's a free service. You might want to ask Amazon C/S if it's possible to request any gifts from your Amazon registry be delivered via FedEx to a local FedEx store.
Future grandmother wants a present at a baby shower being thrown for someone else? Had no one pointed out to MiL how self-centered &amp; wrong that expectation is?
We all need to carry the JustNoMiL cards.
Tastes are individual &amp; highly subjective. Mama Lupe's Tortillas are not widely available across the States, so that might have something to do with the low recommendations. I happened to stumble across them while surfing online low carb stores/support groups. I prefer them to the gummier/fluffy/bread-like tortillas as I think they hold up better to wetter ingredients, but not everyone likes a firmer tortilla. Preferences.
Take u/87roses' suggestion. Check the official webpage for the state where he was born. There should be links to their Bureau of Vital Statistics where he can order copies of his birth certificate/record of live birth. I recommend ordering 3 or 4 copies because he might need them later for obtaining a replacement SS card, passports, etc. Contacting the Social Security office should be fairly easy as well. They do replacement cards for lost/missing cards without too much difficulty. Might be a way to arrange to pick up the new card if they insist on mailing it to his home of record.
Unless you &amp; your FH are willing to bear all the wedding expenses, you can darned well bet there will be trouble with the wedding planning if his parents are contributing any funding. Your best bet is to sit with FH &amp; make a list of things you will not bend on for the wedding, and then a separate list of flexible choices. It will give him a better idea of things he'll need to hold firm on with his MiL and give him better ammo with which to negotiate. If you can swing the wedding costs without help, then definitely keep her on an info diet. "Oh, that's an idea, but we have that already taken care of." "Yes, that's interesting. We'll have to file that away for reference." Your wedding. Your choices. Stop trying to "make" her like you. That boat has sailed. The best thing you can do for yourself is be polite, honest, &amp; straightforward. Have witnesses, save communications. Always keeping the evidence of playing fair &amp; nice. You never know when you'll need it.
&gt; "I'm calling you OldName." "...and I won't answer to it any more, so if you want to waste your breath saying that name into the void, knock yourself out. You've been informed of MY preference for MY name. Discussion is now officially closed."
Oooh! Good one. Although I've heard Taylor, for all her marriages, was a fairly well regarded &amp; genuinely nice person, so might not fit Poor Pity Party. Screw up three marriages, and one really should be wondering "maybe it's ME!?" But yeah, that almost never happens, does it?
She IS trying to kill his sex life. Well, actually, she's trying to prevent any romantic interaction between her son &amp; The Other Woman. "Mom, I want to spend the entire evening banging my brains out. The last faces I want to see are my parents'!"
&gt; Because from here on out, how you frame things will be very important. There's a huge difference between 'Your mom is a manipulative bitch,' and 'You are way too smart to fall for that.' OP, this is important! You know the old saying about flies to honey? Unfortunately, it applies to a stubborn, obtuse husband who still seeks his mom's approval. You don't have to back down one inch, but play to your DH's strengths. He's too smart to fall for things like u/_Green_Kyanite_ said, or "in a normal relationship between two adults who understand who the baby's mother is and who is NOT the baby's mother, we could reason with her, but we know from past experiences this isn't the case." Also remember the power of "we." "Honey, I think it's better for daughter if we stick to her schedule." "Sweetheart, I know she's full of advice, but medicine and pediatrics have advanced over the years. It's best we stick to what her doctor suggests." Always use the "we" and not "I." Think of it as the Royal We, like the Queen.
You wanna know how to get Gobbler? They pull a knife, you pull a gun. He sends one of yours to the hospital, you send one of his to the morgue. *That's* the *Chicago* way! And that's how you get Gobbler. Best of luck! Will be looking forward to the eventual updates.
Lay down the law to all parents &amp; step parents. There will be no invitations, written or oral, issued by anyone except you &amp; DH. Demand, yeah, DEMAND a list of potential invitees from the parents and asl that the most important people be indicated on the list, possibly in order. You will accommodate as many as possible, but you do not want to get grief from ANYONE because not everyone will be invited.
How difficult would it be for you to place a phone call to her workplace and speak with the Human Resources department (or similar department)? You could say you wanted to know what sort of documentation she might need--because you want to be super helpful ;)
&gt; "By hook or by crook" Even older than that! Its usage dates back to at least the 1300's.
Question time! I realize you cannot give medical advice. What I'm asking is what is the proper terminology to use when asked if I have any allergies. A PT gets documented urticaria from head to toe with the use of certain antibiotics. No breathing difficulties, but oy, the itching &amp; welts! Is this a sensitivity or do you call it an allergy? I want to help the medical staff help keep me as safe as possible by giving them correct information (They do usually red band me for the meds &amp; a latex sensitivity for caution's sake). I also have sensitivities that popped up during scratch testing I had done because I had noticed some funky reactions when I ate certain foods. On the 0 to 11 scale, they run from 4's to 10's. Should these be mentioned as purely sensitivities if reported at all? In my case, the worst reactions to most of these are my sinuses clogging up or a few skin itchy "splotches". So far there has never been a reaction any where even remotely close to being seen in the ED. I hate feeling like a special snowflake by mentioning crap, but damn, I don't want to be that dope that failed to give people in charge of keeping me well proper information! It makes me wonder--"hey, idiot, you do have a sensitivity to certain seafood. Ya think that might've had anything to do with that weird thing that went on with your eyes about an hour after you had that contrast dye? And you know your dad has a sensitivity to the dye...hmmm. Do I mention this or was it a normal side effect that they failed to tell me about?" What to say, when to say? I want to do the smart thing.
Thank you! I'll be sure to follow your suggestions. :)
o.O Hell's bells! Living is dangerous! Eeesh. No problems with kiwi fruit, avocados, bananas, etc., but I try to avoid blowing up balloons, mainly because they taste horrible. ;) Learned years &amp; years ago a latex Foley was not my friend, and later latex condoms, ribbed or otherwise, were not for my pleasure. So far the only problems I have with latex have been with mucous membranes or the odd medical tape used for more than a day. Fingers crossed it stays that way. Knew an RN who started out the same way. Unfortunately for her, it cascaded into having to cut everything and anything that contained latex out of her life, and lordy, is that stuff every where. Her rants about finding latex-free undies and bras were sad, but hysterically funny. It broke her heart to give up nursing. She was one of the nurses who had the gift of making a person feel better just by being her. Thank you for sharing your knowledge.
Welts, weals, wheals, hives, skin rash, urticaria. Call it what you will, but basically this bit of hellishness and most DEFINITELY a sign of an allergy: http://m.patient.media/images/urticaria.jpg
Corner piece with all the frosting &amp; flowers! (I may have been that fat kid who loved cake a bit too much.)
My local grocery store does a whipped buttercream frosting which is light, fluffy and not overly sweet. A tad more substance to it than whipped cream, but not cloyingly sweet. I've never found another local bakery that duplicates it. Probably full of all kinds of chemicals, but it's sooo good on their Genoise cakes.
I've mailed a cupcake in a small canning jar. It worked out fairly well!
I know they're the bane of your modding these days, but I kinda like them, especially the ones served with a nice helping of justice boner on the side. It's encouraging to hear about a MiL getting smacked back done to size.
...and probably will try to do in one form or another. "Grandmamma loves her baby more than her mean ol' mommy does. You love your Grandmamma more than mean mommy, don't you?"
There is that possibility that MiL was just being about as dumb as a doorknob and did not honestly believe OP when she said her little one goes off the rails without enough proper sleep. Goodness knows, I turn into a proper grumpasaurus without sleep. Fingers crossed, with a really good, up close and personal chat from BOTH parents about how ALL the rules WILL be followed or access to Best Big Brother AND his new sibling will be extremely limited for ages might rattle her enough to be a proper Drill Instructor when it comes to Lights Out. Can't believe a grandparent could overlook the prime opportunity of bath time (perfect time for new pj's!) and those golden moments of reading a bedtime story or two while he's tucked safely into bed. What a waste of building a wonderful memory or two for them both.
&lt;3 I really like it when the heroes &amp; heroines win, especially when they take down the ol' dragon in front of family &amp; kingdom! Keep thy sword sharp and thine spine arrow straight!
Then turn it right back on her! "Just? YOU JUST??? You were just giving him ice cream before bed? In what sane universe does someone give a child ice cream a few hours before bed? You know, the bed you denied him? That sleep you were told and now have witnessed for yourself, that he so desperately needed? You made him suffer to feed your own jollies. He was so over-wrought &amp; over tired he could barely function, and yet, he KNEW what was best for him! The CHILD KNEW what he needed and THAT'S why he so desperately wanted to come home. The child knew better than the adult who was entrusted to care for him! There is no explanation in the world to satisfy me, so don't even try to justify your selfish behavior!"
My Dad always has been really good about being a grandfather, although it helps that our ideas of parenting have been similar. He did indulge my kids with ice cream or cookies, but his rule was the kids had to have finished a respectable portion of their meal AND whatever the amount of ice cream or cookies they took for themselves, they had to finish. If they did not finish, then no treats the next time they were offered. In a weird way, he helped them quickly learn self-police their own portions. He is a believer in birthday cake &amp; leftover pizza for breakfast. ;) "It's just food. Does it really matter when it's eaten as long as it's burned off while having a good time?"
To quote a very popular opinion around here: "NO!" is a simple, declarative sentence. Your life, your family, your rules, your plans. Don't let an outside force disrupt them if you can avoid it. MiL is NOT the end-all, be-all to your world. Keep your plans. She should check with you (and check her privilege) before she invites herself or your starts planning your life.
&gt; cuntlicking dwarf whore!!! That *does* have a certain ring to it, doesn't it?
On the flip side...telling event planners you are planning a big, blow out bash to celebrate some event or other tends to get you a remarkably lower price list for a whole host of things. Discovered this little secret when a friend was planning her New Year's Eve destination wedding. Just kept telling the vendors that they wanted to throw a fabulous 7 course sit-down dinner with wine and a tiered cake for 60 of their closest friends to celebrate the new year and her SO's promotion. The cost savings was well over a third of what was quoted to them when they were calling around town saying they were planning a wedding. "Future MiL, you keep using this word 'party,' instead of calling it a 'wedding' which is what it is. Is there something we need to talk about here? We have to admit we're becoming a bit concerned with your lack of acknowledging the purpose of our event."
Hell, I get exhausted &amp; cranky visiting DC on my own WITHOUT kids. Too much heat, too many stinky people (bathe, people, with SOAP, and use some deodorant for goodness sake!) and too much day leads to a very snappish Viking person who wishes the DC Metro cops wouldn't get so fussy about people brandishing a sword at the sidewalk hogs. I'm just trying to move things along.
I get lazy with the scrolling back &amp; forth, so I copy and paste it all into the comment box. That seems to auto-format for easier and faster reading. Had no clue it was something as minor as a few indentations that would set the format like this. Thank you for the redditing lesson, u/Barnard33F
You poor guy! No salsa? No obscenely unnaturally orange nacho cheese sauce in your life? Come to America, my friend, and taste its wonders.
Yep, mine local one is about a year old, but mine is dark &amp; dingy inside with extremely small with hard to negotiate aisles, Walmart quality produce, a tiny selection of meats &amp; cheese, full of fussy toddlers and very slow moving senior citizens. The snack/chip/candy/cookie aisle is pretty great--all the stuff I don't need/shouldn't eat. Prices are good, but it's depressing &amp; frustrating to shop there.
The thing is, it's a brand new building. Because the windows are up high and are tiny, the dim interior lighting &amp; bland wall paint, as well as the floor layout, are flat out awful. I grew up shopping at military commissaries (and still do when I have to do a super large shopping trip). Sparse, low cost doesn't have to mean ugly. Add all this, plus iffy price points/quality will rarely get me to drive past my local Publix. Plus, it doesn't help that the my Aldi store employs cashiers who come across as being trapped into soul-sucking lives. Atmosphere counts for a lot especially when I already hate shopping.
My kids like to do their junk food shopping at Dollar Tree. A buck for a Red Baron Pizza, or a big bag of Bugles, or Cheese Doodlez makes their day. I've picked up from Mango slices for smoothies and was honestly surprised at the quality. My opinion of Aldi would improve if it didn't seem so damned depressing inside. If Dollar Tree can seem bright and cheerful with all its low quality crap, then so can Aldi.
Just for grins, a French Salad Dressing Recipe: 1⁄2 cup vegetable oil 1 cup ketchup 1⁄2-3⁄4 cup sugar (start with 1/2 cup) 1⁄2 cup white vinegar 1⁄3 cup minced yellow onion 2 teaspoons lemon juice 1 teaspoon paprika 1⁄2-1 teaspoon garlic salt (or to taste or use 1-2 teaspoons fresh minced garlic and 1/2 teaspoon white salt) Blend well &amp; store in sealed jar in refrigerator.
My FiL recently passed away while my husband &amp; our younger two were visiting him. Needing to get the word out without being stuck on the phone all day, I wrote a small public tribute to let friends &amp; extended family know of his passing. My FiL, while a sweetheart of a guy, was a browbeaten man who surrendered any control of his life to my MiL and narc/personality disordered SiL. He was the classic enabler. I made mention that after several upheavals in his life (fleeing a dictatorship, career changes, etc.) he had given over the reins of his family to his wife &amp; daughter, ("perhaps not the best choice, and certainly not the typical way of a Latin family, but he chose to be like calm waters, taking the path of least resistance..."). My eldest PMs me with "Mom, that was a lovely tribute, but DAMN, that shade you threw!" Shit will definitely fly when SiL's blocked ass ever reads what I've written, but honestly, as far as she is concerned I wouldn't piss on her if she was on fire. My husband hasn't seen it either since he doesn't do social media with his phone, so there might be a touch of fallout to dodge there, but those two women ran roughshod over that gentle man and it aggrieves me deeply we were powerless to stop it because of distance. What's even worse is the funeral is going to be a circus and the perfect stage for the ensuing grief play.
Oh, for eff's sake. I doubt her little pea brain absorbed one bit of information you were trying to give her. Is apraxia similar in nature to the weird sort of aphasia some migraine sufferers experience where they understand speech, but during an episode simply can't make the words come out either correctly or at all? It's like the brain's wiring becomes jumbled/signals crossed. Any child who can pick up a second language--which to my mind is exactly what sign language is, seems like a damned intelligent little human!
"*The family*, Tonya? To which family would you be referring? My family of origin or DH's? DH &amp; I are a new branch and of course this means we naturally make up a new family. It's how it works. But don't worry. You'll always be considered a part of our *extended family.* We'd only chop off the old branches if they became bothersome &amp; interfering with our new growth." :::winkwink:::
:::thunderous applause::: Feels pretty darned good to flash that sassy spine, doesn't it?
