Wli got them from led concepts. They only sell the one that change color
Hey, great question! I'm currently in the process of installing them. I have not yet hooked them out to the car but wiring them in personally up to you, I perfer to have them on all the time. The reason I went with led concepts rather then oracle lighting is because I read reviews on oracle that they go bad within a few months. The reason I ended up getting the halos at all was because I wanted dtrl that would look good on my car and cause I wanted some sexy pictures
I'd go with Lily. I named my Mopar '11 Letty. What is up with those rims though?
I'm drawing power by taping the fuse with a fuse tap
Nevermind, thank you so much for your answer, but I found out I just screwed up the wiring. Lol thanks once again
Nevermind, thank you so much for your answer, but I found out I just screwed up the wiring. Lol thanks once again
Thanks for commenting! The lights are multicolored. I just took the pic when they were red. I'll take one with blue later.
I've already got some flashing me their high beams for some reason, I guessed they were too bright so I just dimmed them a bit.
They are legal as long as they are white or amber while on public road. I'm not going to bother arguing with you, but it's my car and I'll do what ever I want to it. Also learn what a ricer is before you go around and "rice this and rice that".
Haha that's awesome, I'll have to see how it looks on mine.
$700 for everything
What car are you looking for?
Take it to the dealer, they will be able to open it and it might be covered.
Great idea!
Orders ones that have rgb leds
Sorry, but this is fake. Look it up.
Hey buddy i own the Mopar game here back off 😂 Just kidding, nice to see another Mopar fan! [just a small example of my Mopar collection](http://i.imgur.com/Vj8izVv.jpg)
I dont like this car at all! Leave it behind all the time
Why the gloves?
What other supers do you have?
Oh ok! What do you use to reattach the blister
Want to trade for a DeLorean?
Same!
Mine haa like 40 of them, really stupid idea
I have 4 sealed one up for trade
Thanks !
What are you looking for
I need that 16 angels!!!!
I need that daytona!
DeLorean super and Corvette greenwood super
What are you looking for
I want that rv on the mac
A super treasure hunt...
I dont have any pf those up for trade, how about a nitrodoorslamer
Well i have nothing for you :( but i want that
Damn :( thats the last one i need to finish 2016
Yep
Trade me
Nah, theyll make the bat again, Ferrari wont sell right again till Masito's deals over
To sell later on INCASE money is absolutely necessary
Nice! Can i get a pic? I own a [Mopar 11](http://i.imgur.com/LdWgzPe.jpg) Gonna upgrade next year to a ['17 Scat Pack](http://i.imgur.com/luEV7uO.jpg)
What do you want for the rocket oil?
Daytona super
Still want these?
Everyone of my finds so far his been completely unexpected. Ill be honest and say i do try to get the delivery schedules and info like that so i can go early in the morning and get some boxes but everytime i am told a day, i show up and they say we dont have a delivery today, so i just gave up on that. What i do is ask the employees if they have anymore in the back, sometimes they do and sometimes they dont. Over all its a hit and miss game to me atleast. I mean you could watch youtube videos and see all these dudes raid pallet after pallet after dump bin and get 10, 15, or even 30 supers a week but all thats gonna do is piss you off. My best advice for you is just take it easy, dont look for supers, let them find you. 5 of my 9 wild finds were when i was just looking for another mainline and happened to run into a super. Another thing ive began to do is just buy them from ebay. Now let me explain why... First off I own a Dodge Charger R/T with a V8 and the thing gets 15 miles to the gallon when i drive like an old lady (which i rarely do 😂) so after a day of hunting, hitting about 10 or 15 stores ill be needing gas so thats another 30 or 40 dollars wasted plus the miles i put on the car plus the time i wasted looking for a super. My second car is a Chevy Silverado with a V6, nod youd expect this thing to get better gas mileage but it doesnt. 14 miles to the gallon 😂. So if i take this around for a day it eats 50 to 60 dollars in gas! So instead of spending that much money and wasting that much time id rather just buy it from ebay for $20 and get it within a few day $20 is the maximum ill ever spend on a super, even the Batmobile. So my best advice is stop looking for supers, not only is it going to make you go crazy but youll lose WAY more then youll every gain. Happy hunting!
Bad mudder 2 or driftsta?
Or a DeLorean?
Where are you located?
Nope, everything is empty with hope of filling back up. At least near me
Would love some pictures!!!! Also i need one of those Redliner Gassers (mint)
