If she does not respect you now, she never will. Run.
same as any religion, tbh.
look for another job then, and thats ASAP. IF this blows up, you'll might be facing up to legal action on a word vs word alone. Also, document everything.
on one hand, yes, on the other, they are way overused in this area, unfortunately.
Also what /u/Skellum said here, exactly.
Power. With power, you can get both the money and sex easily.
unless you own a good porn studio? ;)
yeah, she definetly needs a proffesional, and that proffesional is a police officer. This is a very FUCKED UP what her husband wants, imo.
this reason is called safety procedures. And they are called for more prosaic situations than an engine failure on takeoff - just because you have up to few hundred people on board.
She made her own decision, she should pay the consequences. Not you.
it only smells if she didnt wash her teeth...:&gt;
Married her, now we actually want a baby :&gt;
Biologically, 20-25 years old (for a woman), between puberty and 40 for a man. Reality - when you have a stable income/place to live on your own, can afford the additional expense, are in a stable relationship (so the kid has a stable, loving, family situation, not some war-like scenario to live in), and want a kid.
Maybe because, for many people, a legal move is just not that important to stay together / care for each other and the baby long-term?
Or just, not fill your life with work, and have time for him, maybe? If she's constantly away (13 hours daily work, plus commute, etc, chores, life in other words - all that adds up to probably what? 17-18 hours? More?) and their schedules don't exactly meet, he might be simply too tired / not in a mood for sex.
Bah. real men use Hercules!
Alternatively, automate your job, school, family, and sleep? :D
The question is: what does she do? If she is activelly exploiting this, I'd go as far as looking for a new partner.
Yeah, sadly, we men do not get to choose wheter or not we want to be a parent. If a woman deems we are to be one, we are forced into it. Such fun /s Ultimately, it was OP's decision to go thru with it, not a forced choice by her SO. The question is, why her SO pushed so hard. He might well have a valid reason not to be tied to her now. Was this checked / resolved? Dont dismiss his side of the story as easily. Edit: for me, this sounds like a buried deep lack of trust issue.
Umm...yeah. It might be awkward, but without communication you two will not resolve anything - but you will just make even more problems by not communicating properly / at all. Think about it. Now, if he does not respond to communication...make him your ex-bf.
If you do not have feelings for her / do not want to go exclusive - stay away, and strongly consider additional birth control that is 100% controlled by you alone. Just in case she gets an idea to use "ooopsie baby" card.
Break up. One month in is not a point to making such life-altering decisions like moving.
You mean?
OP's just pretending to be an adult if she is cheating while drunk. Just saying.
I double that. You and your feelings/needs should be his first concern. Also, taking a dog for a sleepovers? Wait, what...?
Also men do not get to choose wheter or not they want to support a child born because a mother unilaterally witheld BC w/o telling them ;) what about them? "collateral damage" of someones 20+ years of income ? What choice do those men had? Then again, its just a man, right? He should man up. /s
&gt; So, taking her at her word I'd take her on her word way before that, that she would not cheat. Thats what being exclusive means, right ?
For now, yes. Those things can change, and data do not dissapear by themselves ;) remember that.
&gt; he dropped it and sincerely apologized to me I'd say you both just moved a bit too fast for your needs / likes. As you now taking it slow now, he backed off, he apologized - i think that it has a potential to turn out ok.
I'd still get a paternity test. Just in case.
the person having an issue here is OP's cheating wifey. OP should aim for 100% custody, after paternity testing.
He talks about it, because he knows what she will do in this situation (quite predictable move on her side, tbh, too). A lawyer is also a stranger, so I guess ,by your logic, he shouldnt talk to him? On the other hand, mother has no/too little income, has no place to stay in same area as father - why should everything be about HER, especially if she is the one that fucked up ? Feminism much?
OMG, why would anyone want a tattoo in a such infection-prone place? O_o
"a bit" insulting, if you ask me. And im not even Japanese. ...and "a bit" is a diplomacy talk.
Looking at this thread, I have a feeling, that tattoo was meant to be done to piss off that one certain tattoo artist that was selected by the client XD
They do. Also, check out eyeball tattoos. And cringe.
more like "they were married off by their families" than "they married".
Your lungs will rupture if you try and hold it in, in short. Then, you will drown in your own blood :)
Yeah, except that process takes days, while just removing your helmet in space would end up as explosive decompression :)
I guess it would not be to hard to perform invitro procedure on a woman during a surgery, but assisted reproduction methods also rely on hormonal therapy before the procedure itself - so I dont know wheter such feat would result in a viable pregnancy.
Also, depends on what exactly is the construction of the plant. I.e. radiation hazard from chernobyl 4 event is that high, because there was no safety/containment dome over the reactor - and once the reactor vessel's cover was blown off, it obliterated that flimsy metal sheet roof overhead, and left reactor open (and burning) to the outside world. A proper containment building would mitigate this to an extent. Another thing to consider, is the core composition - again, chernobyl 4 reactor - the RBMK-1000 - contains several hundred tons of graphite, that, if heated and exposed to oxygen, burns. Fires create updrafts that will cause radioactive particles to spread over large areas. If that was a PWR reactor, the crisis would be most probably way better contained.
For comparison, the largest test device ever to be detonated - the USSR's Tsar Bomba - had yield equivalent of 50 megatons of TNT. And its shockwave caused damage as far as finland (thru atmospheric lensing) where there were several cases of buildings having their roofs blown off.
&gt; Gamma rays are not dangerous by themselves umm, yeah, they are, actually. If they were not dangerous, they would not be in gamma ray part of EM spectrum anymore. Less frequency means less energy carried.
&gt; in small quantities Apart from tiny additional cancer chance, this is about correct now :)
&gt; Can you still have a relationship without sexual relations? Unless both parties are asexual, and assuming its not an open relationship, such relationship will mostly, not last. &gt; She has opened up to me about her childhood, she said her step brother used to force her to do things. If she was abused, was she in a therapy later? Maybe this could help.
So, should a hate speech be OK if its performed in a willing circle of people? Thats how NSDAP started, tbh...
Also, is she is mentally fit to be a principal, she is well fit mentally to be tried by the court.
I guess the primer on a HEAT is not keyed for such soft target as a human body, so it just passed thru without actuating. And I dont think it would be a razor cut, more like having a grenade explode inside him - all that kinetic energy, and follow-up shockwave behind the round.
Actually, I once wondered would the elephants foot undergo at least some fission if subjected to a nuke going off nearby...
I literally always did that to that city. Just because that crazy scientist-style girl there. Tho, the first time Ive met her as a ghoul, AFTER the fact, was...unsettling. A bit.
