If allowed by the car loan provider, I would also pay down the loan right away. It will probably save you on interest. Alternatively: an FDIC or NCUA insured savings account.
A 401k is not an IRA. Is the money in a 401k or in an IRA?
I would put some money in a 529. Maybe down the road she can get a heart transplant, maybe not even from another human-being but from her own cells. So, maybe also as a symbol of hope, I would open the 529 and put some money in. Otherwise, I wouldn't do a lot of other things. Keep saving for your retirement, keep the emergency fund at $30k, pay the co-pays.
I don't know how much the services of a CPA cost exactly, but I would say that for this particular year, with all these changes, it could very well be worth it. Maybe then from next year onwards, you can switch again to doing them yourself.
If both debts have roughly a 18% interest rate, then reducing that to 12% would be great (if there were no other fees for the consolidation process). If you have debts with very different interest rates, and the new rate you get after consolidation is the weighted average of the old ones, then consolidating probably increases the total amount of interest that you'll pay (consolidation can then still be a bit useful to make loans easier to manage, especially if you can consolidate 5+ different loans into one). Why you'll pay more interest? Imagine that you have $1k at 18% interest rate and $1k at 6% interest rate, and they offer you a consolidation rate with 12% interest rate. That's the weighted average, so that seems fair. But what that does, is that you lose the ability to first focus on the $1k at the 18% interest rate, and then be only left with a remaining balance at a much lower interest. Instead, you'll pay 12% during the whole duration of the pay-off process.
You're welcome. Perhaps you can wait a few more months, and during those months work on consolidating your side-income and on reducing your expenses? And on getting used to the idea of becoming self-employed...
I would like to help. But I have a few questions: What do you mean by "Have a job, but only half a year."? Did you get that job half a year ago, or do you mean you can only work it during six months of the year? (You can edit your post) What kind of annual (posttax/ takehome) income do you have with your current job (to see whether it could be possible for you to pay for transport etc)?
Sure. By the way, I saw your edit. I want to wish you good luck. You're still pretty young, and I've seen more people here, and in real life, who are trying to find their way in life at that age. Sometimes the first education doesn't work out, or for example (a friend of mine) got educated and then got an illness that prevented her from doing the job that she wanted to do and was educated to do. Sucks! Often it works out in the end (not always, but often). People find some work to do and often also develop within that new career. I hope that will be the case for you as well. Work hard, try to grasp opportunities, try to develop yourself. And I wish you the bit of luck that is needed as well.
Definitely check out the links that the AutoModerator provided. If you do not have any late payments or delinquent or defaulted debts, then your utilization rate currently is killing you. This will improve quickly once you reduce your debt load. Your new debt load is reported within a month, and then the credit score also changes to reflect the new utilization rate (debts divided by total possible debt). So you should see an increase of your score within a few weeks, every time you improve that utilization rate.
Then your current high utilization rate is influencing your score big-time. And that will improve soon after you start paying down your debts. By the way - have you checked your credit report recently? You can get a free credit report in Canada, I believe; don't know how exactly. You could check it to make sure there are no errors on it.
No, the markets don't average out every year to 6-8% returns. They do so over the years, and over many, many years. There are years with significantly higher returns (like 2014), and years with lower returns (like 2015). It's normal. The S&amp;P500 returned 1.2% for the year (included reinvested dividends), so your personal return seems similar to that. You should check out the 401(k) fund selection guide to make sure you have selected the right funds.
&gt; This fund has performed quite well over the past three years, averaging at about 12%. Over the past three years, Vanguard's S&amp;P500 fund returned 52% total, or roughly 15% per year. No front load, and an expense ratio of &lt;0.2% or so.
My idea was to let the old coverage (by Allstate) continue until you've got the new coverage confirmed. It will cost you a few bucks, but that's probably worth it for the reassurance that you're always covered.
The interest rate on your student loans is high enough to prioritize them over saving more for retirement. The interest rate on your car loan is lower, so if you've got any extra money coming in: put it towards the student loan, not the car loan. Http://unbury.us can be used to compare paying down the loan with the lowest balance first vs paying down the loan with the highest interest rate first.
Index funds are good. But target date funds often consist of different index funds. (Check the ones that your 401k will offer). What is withheld, and what you really owe in taxes, are two different things. So probably when you file your tax return, you'll get a refund because the company withheld too much on that bonus check. That often happens with a bonus check. I would check out the [W-4-calculator](https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/IRS-Withholding-Calculator) by the IRS to see if you should change your W-4-form to get less withheld in 2016 (on all of your paychecks).
1. small emergency fund, say $1k to $2k 2. pay off any debts with interest rates over 4-5% 3. if you get a match on your 457 from your employer, put in enough money to get the match (nothing more until step 4 is completed) 4. increase size of emergency fund to 6 months of expenses Actually, this is in the FAQ, see [How to handle $](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics)
Yes, this is the recent stock market. Sucks that you just got in now, but over the long, long run it'll be fine. Keep investing. And yes, also pay off your student loans, of course.
They way you want to do it, is not wrong. But if people have a low-interest student loan (say, $10k balance remaining @ 4%), if they have a good, stable job and are settled in a specific area, then buying a not-too-expensive house may make sense for them. For you, just go with paying down the student loans as much as you can as soon as you can. It's a smart move. (PS Also don't forget to keep a small emergency fund and to at least put enough in your 401k to get the full match that your employer gives (if they do match)).
I just want to say: you may get a small ding on your credit report for this, BUT it is not the end of the world. So don't panic. Do your job, do it well, and when you get paid, start making smart choices with the money (so: make sure to keep a roof over your head, to keep your belly full, and then to pay down the debts as much as you can with every pay check). It's a difficult period in your life right now, but you have a lot of opportunity to make it through. So no need to panic. Good luck!
"Deferred" means that you don't have to make payments right now. It doesn't mean that no interest is added to the balance. Go find out what exact status your debts have!
I would focus on paying it off as soon as you can. Maybe it's even possible to pay off in less than 10 years (if your salary keeps increasing). http://unbury.us could help you create a plan; see what an extra $200 or $500 per month can do to speed up the payment process (the difference can be bigger than you think).
What interest rate does the student loan have? What interest rate would the line of credit have? Generally speaking I would lean towards paying off the student loan slowly. Reason: they *can* suddenly deny you the use of the line of credit, and not give you that money. Then you could be stuck with no access to money. They cannot demand the full $3600 back from the student loan all in one go. So paying it back slowly means having more money in the bank for sure, which can be important to keep you going during your studies. But if the student loan is at 10% interest rate and the line of credit at 2%, I might take the risk of using the credit line instead of the student loan. Have you selected a new study that you think will work well for you? (Your interests, and your career prospects?).
You're a smart noob. And you're absolutely right.
I invest in index funds from Vanguard. You're talking about ETFs all the time, but I'm not investing in ETFs. There are enough index funds to choose from for Vanguard Europe. No, you can't invest in specific subsectors of the market, but I wouldn't do that anyway. I would go for diversified and global, and those index funds are offered by the European branch of Vanguard in Ireland.
Thirty stocks isn't very diversified, no. I can imagine the majority not doing well and also a significant percentage (like 10 or so) going bankrupt during a market downturn. So thirty companies is not a lot and not very safe. I would not sell the shares that you've got now, and I would assume the market will recover in your country, too. But I would indeed get international exposure and make your national market at most 10% of your total assets over the next five years or so (so mostly invest new money internationally). I live in the Netherlands, and I haven't even bought a Dutch-specific index fund; the "smallest" regional area I'm investing in is Europe.
Who knows. No way to predict that right now. In the long run, the difference between investing only in January 2016 or 1/12th of that amount every month of 2016 is probably going to be small anyway. If you had invested in the S&amp;P500 in January 1976, 40 years ago, it was at 97 points. During the year 1976, values were between 97 and 105, for a more than 5% difference, but of course, current values are around 2000, so currently, you would say the person who bought for 97 in January 1976 made roughly just as much of a profit as the person who bought for 105 in summer 1976.
&gt; Soon I will be expected to give my wife children before I get too old. Seriously? Do you even want to be a parent? If not, then please, please, don't do it. Enough unwanted children on this earth already!
I would create a small emergency fund in savings, for when shit hits the fan, so to speak. So probably that fund should hold three months of your regular expenses, meaning that if shit hits the fan, you have a few thousand dollars to help you deal with it (whether it's unemployment, a sudden car repair, a health problem, etc). When you've reached the required amount in the savings account, for example $5k, I would put most dollars towards the student loans. You're pretty young still, right now that seems the best idea. Maybe in the future you'll have a separate savings account because you want to save up for a mortgage down payment, or for a new(er) car, but right now I would focus on the student loans. I want to wish you good luck! I understand that it sucks sometimes, but it *has* given you the opportunity to create a great career for yourself. In the long run, I think your education was a good bet. But right now you will have to go through the sucky part first, before you can really start enjoying the benefits.
It looks like you're not very good with handling money. That happens. I was like that too, when I was in my twenties. And hopefully you'll get better at it. But that is why I think you should put this check that's coming right into the IRA as soon as it arrives. I don't think $35k sitting in a checkings account is safe for you. And it will do miracles for you in the IRA, if you let it. (And also if the investment options within the IRA are good... What are you investing in, and with what investment company? Do you know their fees?) Put the money away, don't touch it. And then work with your *current* income on paying off your debts (that $15k debt needs to go!), and on building up some savings.
A financial planner is not going to help you, I think. What you need to do right now is: 1. Pay down debt. Starting with that $5k in credit card debt, as I assume it has a very high interest rate. 2. Put money in a savings account. For emergency expenses, and later on for savings for a car and for a down payment. 3. Put more money in your retirement account, say 6% of your salary instead of 2%. Later, when your debts are gone, you should up this to 10%. Now, a financial advisor is going to tell you the same thing. But he or she cannot create these accounts for you, create the automatic transfers, and make you do this. That's you. So "just do it": start paying down the credit card debt, perhaps by creating an automatic transfer which happens right after each paycheck comes in. Open a savings account (if you haven't got one already) and transfer money to it with every paycheck. Contact your HR-person at work and change the amount that is transferred to the 401k. You are the one who needs to make the changes.
Ouch, for the interest rate for the bank loan. Then I would definitely pay back the student loan slowly and accumulate some savings so that you may not have to use the bank line of credit.
I'm using Brand New Day. You can also check out meesman.nl for index funds with low fees. (But I believe they're not offering funds by Vanguard but by ... Black Rock???). I'm using Brand New Day because they also offer specific retirement investing accounts, and I can use that because I have some "jaarruimte" left sometimes. Meesman doesn't offer retirement investing accounts.
Dear God, no!! *You* build up your credit score by getting a student credit card or a secured credit card, and always paying the credit card bill in full before the due date. Thus, you will pay exactly $0 in interest and still see a nice improvement of your score over time. Check out [the FAQ on building your credit score](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building#wiki_i_have_no_credit.2C_and_i_am_looking_to_get_started.). *Your parents* can finance their $45k car (what are they buying? A golden car?) with their own credit scores and their own money.
Yeah, but then the postman can't get the anti-theft box off, and everybody comes looking why their mail isn't arriving. ;-)
On the other hand, if you have casual sex, you should *always* use a condom to protect yourself and the other person. Those guys were idiots apparently.
Definitely.
1. A parttime programming job on the side? With a company who don't mind that you aren't available during office hours, and who will allow you to work from home. 2. Develop an app or a computer program, possibly related to (personal) finance. May or may not result in cash flow, you never know whether it will be a success or not. 3. Become a consultant yourself, start your own company. Let yourself be hired for small projects by companies, where you work hard on a project for a few weeks (remote; and in the evening hours in your case) and get paid for the result.
I'm also an impatient person :-) You're getting there, and keep going! For both your and my sake, I hope the market returns will be nice in the next few years. But you never know.
$1 million is pretty great! And there will be others who will have the same salary as you, and they will not put away *any* money, and they will still be at work at age 67, when you have been enjoying already at least ten years or retirement already being, and staying, fit and healthy. I think you'll very well capable of increasing your income as well, which means your retirement date can get closer and closer to the current date as well.
Is your father still capable of doing his own financial stuff? If not, there are legal ways to make someone else power of attorney, I believe it's called.
Except that apparently everyone is also spending a lot of money on travel and hotel rooms, which the travel companies will say "thank you" for, but they will not split their profits with you.
Nice :-)
Yup. Boiling them will solve that problem right away. Make sure to check into the burn clinic though right after, as boiling your balls may lead to some pain and infection issues. (Men with fertility issues are advised to wear lose underwear so that the temperature of their balls is lower, and to not take hot baths).
Depending on whether or not you're planning to reproduce this month, that may be a good or a bad thing.
Which is by the way not forgetting that you actually *can* get cancer from the sun, but ... still better to catch a few rays compared to never going outside ever. Vitamin D and emotional well-being and stuff.
Alcohol. That's alcohol.
Perhaps. Maybe it would be better to just have a local wedding and invite the people that you actually want to be there. You would "force" several other people to fork over several hundreds of dollars for that destination wedding, just to allow you two to avoid these maybe-painful conversations with people that you actually do not want to invite to your wedding. You would also perhaps end up with some people you'd want to be there not able to make it (due to money or time restrictions), while someone else with more money and time is coming and you actually don't care for them being there.
I would do an inspection on the house before buying. Costs maybe $500, can save you thousands and a lot of headaches.
Congrats, sounds good. Good luck on the book!
Yes, the markets are currently down, so that your robo-investment is down could well be because of that. I would find out, what exactly Voya does with your money: what is the money invested in? And what are the fees? If the fees are low ( &lt; 0.5%) and the investment options are good, I would strongly consider maxing out the 401k . By the way, make sure that the IRA doesn't get more than $5500 of your contributions this year, more is not allowed (and if you put in 10% of your pretax income, you are going beyond $5500 this year). Check out /r/personalfinance, they have a FAQ (right-hand column) which has excellent advice on retirement accounts and which options to choose within the 401k.
