Orton vs Rocky Johnson
The Last Ride. Damn this move was so awesome.
Alright let's do this: GK - Kane (Tall, good in shape, can jump) or Kofi (Agile as fuck) Defenders - Neville, Bryan, Stardust, Kidd as wingers and in the center I'd have both Usos, Reigns, Titus or Bo Dallas Midfielders - Ryder, Rose, Barrett, Orton as wingers and Woods, Ziggler, Young in the center Attack - Rollins and Ambrose. I'd have a 4-3-1-2 as my formation and the A squad being: ---------------Kane--------------- Neville - Titus - Uso I - Stardust Barrett-------Woods--------Rose ----------------Orton-------------- ----------Rollins---Ambrose------ *edit: formatting
Just make sure, you don't watch SummerSlam!
I'm actually quite excited about him having Khali on the podcast next week.
HBK
Patel you beauty
That was pretty much desi-hindi. He was trying to stay in hindi but moved pretty often into hindi. It's like hearing my drunk uncle trying to speak hindi.
I think it went like "If you're into sports, then go ahead and do sports. Stay away from drugs, that'll only hurt your near ones like your parents. If you want to study then do this. As long as you do what you're doing with passion, anything is possible"
draw? draw!
But they went swimming on 2 of those 3 days!
preparing for an exam on tuesday :(
things can look so bright once you see them from a distance. and yeah that's what I've been doing for the past couple of days. Although the first week was tough as it comes.
"I'd like him to have a one last run"... Whom the fuck don't you want to have a one last run? Very often people will talk about Jericho, Kane, Bully Ray (in that one thread), Batista and so on...
Thing is... he's not to blame. It's the coach or the captain.
My point. That kid basically did his job and scored as many runs as he could. Go hard on the shitty coach if you must
They should make a double blade kendo stick like the Darth Maul sabre.
http://imgur.com/Cs4Zyfp those places!
I feel like that that guy on twitter didn't quite get the concept of this particular meme.
DON'T YOU DARE BE SOUR AND CLAP FOR YOUR TWO TIME WORLD CRICKET CHAMPS AND FEEEEEL THE POWAAAAAAAA
Sheamus!
We will get to hear the flight of the walkyres at the royal rumble!
Writing a test on saturday...sooo gotte prepare a bit today. That'll be a fun friday. Sadly no NFL today, so not a lot I can watch while studying.
NO BITE WHAT SO EVER. THAT'S WHAT THIS BOWLING SIDE'S GOT!
A bit disappointed that Cook didn't get his 50. But congrats!
I would like to see a 10 time Intercontinental Champion Chris Jericho.
Rush optics and build the great lighthouse and enjoy your seafood!
This is one of the more ridiculous ones but boy is it fun. Just having 10 free social policies as poland after every era or getting money for buying land as the USA. Gotta play is today after Uni!
Edge, Michaels and I'd also argue that Punk was pretty good at it as well.
HARDCORE PARCOUR
Holy shit that's awesome
Thanks for that...didn't realize it after like 600hrs of playing.
What kind of projector did you use for it?
#awaytrackbullies.
Well that's it then!
This is still doable... I mean what 58 off 52?
Sooo...can we like, I don't know, not have Dhoni captaining the ODI side as well? Just give him a farewell at the home t20 world cup and have him retire after it.
Maybe India shouldn't fuck everything.
"Buddy we're #1 in Tests ranking, who cares about the Rest" BCCI probably
6
Tell ya what, if I get anything worse that a C (that's a 3 in Austria) I'll change it to procrastinosaurus.
What are your specs, do get any error messages, are you running mods?
Scouts are practical for a couple of things. First they find ruins more easily and are cheaper than warriors to build. Then they can steel workers from citystates and protect them while they're on the way to your empire from barbs. Same goes for accompanying your settlers in the early game.
Hello Siri where finding parontha?
God I hate this meme.
For the IC Title with Jericho as going into WM as champ? I just want him to be the 10 time IC Champ!
Yes exactly this way. Say Y2J comes out tomrrow and rants on over Ambrose and gets under his skin and gets him to give him a titleshot at Fastlane. Rematch WM32 and Jericho's off tv again.
everybody does! you have to stop the q-tip when there's resistance!
FloRida
They're going with Jericho vs Styles instead of Jericho vs Ambrose. I'm a bit disappointed.
