I'm not sure how I put social awkwardness and professional misery on a plate. But I'm sure it will involve mashed potatoes.
Sorry, should have been more clear. I didn't mean the citizen voters, I meant votes in the Senate and House. Which are clearly run by lobbyists as you mentioned. How we have legal bribes is beyond me.
This seems like weak SAS. He/she doesn't assume that the world knows anything about American films or actors. If he/she said, "why doesn't the rest of the world have a Hollywood like we do" that might be more SAS. This looks like general curiosity.
California has about [2 million illegal]( http://www.ppic.org/main/publication_show.asp?i=818) immigrants. And Norway has about 5 million people. It not really that far off.
&gt;The sad fact is probably that these people have absolutely nothing to be proud of in their daily lives Wow. That's quite the assessment.
What are you even talking about?
Good work Internet detective! Quick, grab your calculator, get in the pedantic-mobile and head over to r/theydidthemath because someone forgot to carry the 1.
I don't think sports leagues in general are a good source of national ability. The Premier Leagues success doesn't equate to English dominance in the World Cup. US does pretty well in International Hockey.
The dude was clearly pulling numbers out of his ass since he said California PROBABLY has more illegals than Norway has people. From a guestimate point of he wasn't far off. Which apparently is hilarious according to OP; who obviously missed the bigger point that we have a lot of illegal immigrants in California.
Apparently [Mexicans](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelada). I see billboards for Clamato and [Bud Light]( http://www.budlight.com/our-beers/chelada.html) in San Diego all the time. Makes me want to vomit.
C'mon do your homework. He's Canadian.
[Harry Potter](http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Ordinary_Wizarding_Level)
What the hell is a bro-j? Am I that out of touch? Sounds naughty.
My brother loves them. But he also lives out in the woods by himself.
Ah, OK. Yeah. Definitely was a brass monkey fan back in the day. Never did it with a regular beer. Of course we used to drink the 64 ounce bottles of OE back when they made them. It hard to convince my wife to get some 40s and OJ for a relaxing Friday night of bad life choices.
I don't know, Norwegians eat [lutefisk](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lutefisk) and that is not OK in my books. But I'm willing to try anything once.
I'm naming my next dog Mr Jefferson.
&gt;Let's see who protests first. NATO countries or the US military industrial complex. I remember in the 90s the US wanted to close a base in Germany and was met with local resistance. Had nothing to do with security but more with dollars. I tried googling it but [only found this one from 2012](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/german-town-fears-loss-of-us-army-base/2012/03/23/gIQAoNzzeS_story.html) The real question is why isn't Europe kicking the US out? France did it in the 60s I think. I wish we would close all our overseas bases.
I had some issues with a older version and I was just looking to try it again for my new job. We are all windows though. I found mouse without borders to be super clean for windows (made by MS). But obviously won't work on Linux.
You shouldn't ask "is there anything I can do". You should just volunteer to do something, otherwise you are making the already grieving person find you a task. Doesn't have to be big, pick their mail up, walk the dog, buy them lunch, etc.
The only SAS is the "How many dollars is a beer"... Otherwise he's just asking questions. He didn't assume people were going to speak English... He's asking about Internet service at a music festival, which doesn't seem odd. A lot of music festivals in the US are out in the middle of nowhere. Bonnaroo apparently provides a tower, but can get bogged down, the Gorge at George is literally in the desert, but spotty coverage for most carriers, Red Rocks and Coachella apparently are sketchy at best. He's not asking if Europe has coverage, he's asking if there is going to be coverage at the event. Which honestly, I have never heard of Tomorrowland, so no clue if it's in a urban area or out in the sticks. Seems like a legit question. But has SAS turned into "Anytime an American asks about Europe they must be an idiot" sub? It's not like he's going on and on about how Awesome the USA is.
What am I missing here? Honest question...(sorry for the wikipedia links) [Belgium has 3 official languages](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Languages_of_Belgium) And Tomorrowland is in [Boom, which is in the Flemish Region, with the official language being Dutch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flemish_Region)
Yeah just read about the population density there. That's pretty impressive.
Why would you watch on your phone?
&gt;girls cock around your mouth? ...so in Thailand?
Speed metal and folk. Maybe the Carpenters during the happy times.
Well I wear a cape to work. But that's just because it matches my batman lunch box.
[Montezuma's Revenge](http://gomexico.about.com/od/healthandsafety/ht/montezu_revenge.htm) from Mexico feeds the fear. Everyone in the US knows someone who's gotten sick visiting Mexico. But I've been told by locals not to drink the tap water in Naples and South Korea.
Adults? Maybe teens and college students. Adults dressed up as their favorite super hero is not common at all and would be considered weird.
The entire system here is fucked up. And everyone admits it but refuses to fix it. For my sons birth we saw the cost breakdown: 86k for the birth and another 50k for the child "birth" services, "negotiated" down to 9k and 4k respectively. And we had a total of 250 in copay (which wasn't bad in my opinion). I just had a cyst removed and was talking to the surgeon about it and he admitted the paperwork was all for show to make you feel you got a good deal. The entire fee structure is already prenegotiated and completely hidden from the consumer.
C-section. Which is a major surgery. But still outrageous. Not that anyone actually paid that amount.
Greed and planned inefficiency rules the land.
Sorry, I'm in the middle of work proposal hell. Got caught up. Patient. He didn't use consumer.
Copays are supposed to limit abuse: people going to the ER for headaches. Usually waived if you're admitted.
What about the dude mentioning Australia. How come no hate for him?
&gt;Doesn't happen to the same degree, now does it ? No clue. I guess I could figure out a way to look for word references across all subreddits and then figure out user nationality, and then do some calculations based on population. Or not. I don't get annoyed when others bring up their local point of view during conversation but I can see how the one-upper side of things can get annoying. My colleague sitting next to me keeps telling me about his last job, but he's trying to relate. But I do keep talking shit to him about it. Something something on mobile can't type coherent sentences.
Slang for giving someone a hard time.
I can't hear what you're typing. Can you type louder?
Why would it matter what nationality you are?
Its amazing how few people in general don't understand free speech. This sub in particular can get spun up on it. Some American will get on their high horse about their first amendment rights, and then someone else will get on their high horse about how people will get punished in the court of public opinion for exercising that right (Dixie Chicks) and say "Well how free is your speech of you can't really speak your mind". Which really isn't the point. Its as you said, the government won't limit / punish you for it (exceptions of course as not all speech is free), but people might. Reddit isn't breaking the law, and if their decision annoys people those people are free to go elsewhere. Its really simple.
I still laugh when people say balls. I'm 38. Did it in a meeting today.
&gt;My favourites: &gt;* After we said Switzerland, one of them said 'it is totally her favourite country'. I looked at her and asked where it is located in Europe or which countries it is closest to. /shitassholessay You interrupted a conversation to grill someone on geography? What an arrogant thing to do. &gt;* Anyway, having my fair share of knowledge about MDMA Oh...neat story &gt;* A guy got angry at me at the Interpid museum in New York (that famous aircraft carrier) for not paying proper respect by saluting the... /thathappened This story wreaks of bullshit. Not even the most rabid patriot will require a salute.
&gt;I asked where her 'favourite country' is located because after all if that’s true, she should know that. Is this how you make friends? Why would you do this, unless you're trying to be a jerk? &gt;He was an old guy from the southern states, I assume because he wore a cowboy hat. Maybe he just searched for a reason to shit on Europeans, I don't know. There's more to the story you're leaving out. I worked for the military for 15 years (was not in the military) and saluting has very strict etiquette: civilians don't salute ever (you would get a lecture for doing it, especially on base), there is a proper form. Doing it wrong is more insulting than not doing it. And some old dude from the south is going to have a hard on for military tradition and would know this. (Although cowboy hat implies Texas or Oklahoma or more Midwest farming state versus the south). I'm willing to bet you were mocking the USA or the military or something or pretending to salute and got caught. And some old crotchety dude lectured you on it. These old military types haunt these museum ships and can get their feathers rustled easily.
I don't challenge people I just met on geography after they just told me they like my country. I can just imagine the conversation. "Hey man! I love the USA!" "Oh really? Do you even know where it is on a map? Fucking ignorant European." See how that sounds?
&gt;It seems like a very 'murican thing to think there's a right and wrong way though, and of course that their way is the only right way It's not just [Americans](http://np.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/39o7dn/cid_meier_might_have_something_to_say_about_the/cs52p9x).
&gt;You don't have to act like the tough internet warrior in defence of your countrymen. I wouldn't defend dick-ish behaviour of my fellow countrymen either. I just have a low sensitivity to bullshit. I read this sub because I, too, find some shit Americans say funny. I live it over here. It gets cringy at times. I don't defend the idiots, they are free to hang themselves on the rope of public opinion. Which some do frequently and without shame. I do have issues with people calling out Americans for shit that everyone else seems to do as well, though. &gt;So anyway, if I insulted you somehow anyway, I’m sorry okay. Not insulted in any way shape or form. But enjoy arguing and I don't mind being wrong. In fact I like being wrong because then I learned something. . &gt;...can we hug now? Of course. I give great hugs. I'm 6-3 and cuddly. I'd probably buy you a beer if you came to San Diego.
&gt;But the U.S. is more diverse because black people. I don't think even our most racist of Americans claim that. They claim diversity because of ALL the immigrants. Not that I'm trying to say we lead the world in diversity. But I don't think I've ever heard Americans claim diversity just because of black people.
My wife and I went to Italy. I arranged all the hotels and let them know we were on our honeymoon. We got some room upgrades and usually a gift basket with wine and snacks. I'm sure other places in the world do it.
I was having arm pain for years and he couldn't figure out why. Finally diagnosed me with phantom limb syndrome (when amputees feel pain in an amputated limb). Problem is I had my arm. His intern helped me out one day when he was too busy to see me, with the correct diagnosis (thoracic outlet syndrome).
It was fantastic. And the fact that everyone else in line was smiling and she saw it really was the best part.
