i remember reading he shot 91% but that mightve jsut been rockets series
these are both some really smart coaches
goddamn lebron is pushing off like crazy rn
it was a travel though
its one fucking quarter of one game just shut up
as far as i can tell the warriors beat the cavs last game
this is an ugly way to end the game
horrible horrible game by curry jesus. the plus is that this was just about as bad as he couldve played
i fucking love fesus ezeli
Age isn't the same as maturity
As far as I'm concerned he is
Nah that's you man
Explains Dwight too
The playoffs bring out the worst in these fools
They're in the finals why the fuck would he leave
there's a shit load of words that have multiple and opposite meanings. for example bad. "that dude bad" mean he good or some shit while it can also mean its original definition which is not good
its not a misuse if everyone's doing it. its also been used like that for hundreds of years too. it aint new. the only thing thats new is people complaining about it tryna feel superior bout some menial shit
ive said why its not a mistake. its not a mistake because people use it and people understand what you mean what you say it. Its not a mistake if a significant part of the population does it
thats not true either. dont take anything you learned in english class when it comes to language as truth. at best its preferences. english majors are not linguists. they are perfectly acceptable in aave for example and maybe other dialects that im unaware of as well
or because its a huge task with no feasible way to make it work. the asoiaf world is huge and representing it in game form in a way that stays true to asoiafs strengths while also being a good game that appeals to the fans is an impossible task practically
Ive explained why you wrong. youre wrong because thats not how it works. its not a mistake because you think it is. its not a mistake because people use it that way. thats how language works. if a significant portion of the language speaking population uses something someway it is automatically acceptable even if it wasnt before. thats how languages change. they dont change due to some prescriptivist rules declaring what is right and wrong, they change based on usage
which of course, isnt feasible
the fuck kinda proof do you want. do you expect them to link to cp?
you said that people using literally to mean anything not literal was a mistake in your eyes. im sayin thats not the right assessment. thats all im arguing. ive stated why i believe that and why the linguistic community believes that. thats all im gonna say
just wanted to say i love your shit man. ive listened to your album at least 100 times no lie its one of my favorite releases of the past few years. got a great sound and vibe cant wait to hear more from you
Big dick too
mr steal yo pick
thj isnt that good
our medical staff seems to be pretty good
recommend any good rnb you got. i tend to prefer higher pitched male voices like jeremih and august alsina
calm the fuck down you bein a real dick all over fuckin cody zeller lmao. not even kemba or mkg but cody zeller
yeah because that shit is impossible. 15lbs of pure muscle in a month is not possible. 15lbs total sure, you could probably gain that in a day, weight fluctuates so much
if he worked harder, he could be 6 feet by now!
battle of the bigmen
klay sucks tho amirite
this fucking offense is beautiful
who needs curry when u have clark
that was nasty af
check out iguodalas package tonight
they aint even that good
its why he grabbed dirk dick
just like your teams success
and made his FTs!
new rabsho confirmed
yes
I mean, he hits 3s at a great rate, can dribble drive, can post up a bit and obviously is an amazing passer. not a high volume scorer but he can do quite a bit on that end
nice pass by holmes
speights just made a shot game over
clark is a mini curry
new year new speights
