If you can handle it then go for it, but don't let it ruin your high school life for the last time. I'm in a public university in my state, but I love it here and wouldn't trade it away for anything.
He said hed owe a lot of money he might not be avle to afford to the government.
We don't know how much he owes..just saying..
My 14 year old cat died suddenly of a heart attack almost exactly a year ago. I was upstairs when I heard my mom start crying. My cat, patches, had fallen off the table suddenly in the kitchen after having what we think was a heart attack. She was gone before hitting the ground. She had been rubbing on my mom a lot and purring not 5 minutes sooner.
I agree with you there, some people think they are the same. That is the main issue with our relationships these days. Selfish is asking someone to do everything for you and doing nothing in return. Taking care of yourself and your partner is being equal.
If you were alone for more than half the year, youre independent
I understand. We only had my beagle three years before he died. In 2 days went feom healthy to dying on the way to the vet. They think hr was 6 when we got him.
if you say it in a terrible way yeah, but would you rather they not say anything at all and just be around them all the time?
you should still tell your gf that...
Transfer. Money is not everything.
Take the class
Academics arent. Academics and networking.
It's just a thought since I can't think of a situation where this has ever happened. In the meantime, would the current president continue to be president until something happened or would they have to hurry? I have no idea and was wondering.
Precalc is required for a class so you have to take it. I dont get the confusion
Google theit requirements..i found my end goal grad schools requirements online
You have to submit everything, that's how it works. You can still get into a state college/university if nothing else and those are fine. I'm at one now.
Live off campus, living on campus honestly doesn't do much for you after the first year. Stay involved on campus by not being at your apartment too much.
Probably not. You need to get in good standing.
Go on pinterest.
Separate cat 1
College is something you do in your own time. If you want to wait a year that's fine and nothing wrong with that....Your family should support that. It doesn't mean you won't attend college, it means you might wait and do better too.
You learn a lot in college, not just in the degree, but about yourself and life. That's the point. I'm a biology major and it's rough.
Be VERY careful letting your dog out without a leash. Always be out there with them.
It is. I'm paying for my own because my family cannot, but some people really should do what fits them the best.
He's acting as if "let" meaning that they're deciding for him...
of course education is important, but if you're not happy then you can transfer and get a good education somewhere else too...
The best thing to do is to try and apply everywhere you can. State Universities and the like as well. In the meantime, see how long you can keep raising your GPA at CC. I never went to a CC so I don't know how it is compared to a state university. (I'm at a public University and just finished my first year)
I'm not sure how it goes for CC to University. I know some of the state Universities requirements for high school to University. My university used to require 2.0 GPA from high school and 2.5 GPA now from high school. They changed it for this coming fall.
Is it affecting anything with the children? It's completely normal for her to want time away from the house and craziness of children. Maybe just bring it up as seeing if she can work during the week when you do? I don't know if that's possible though.
Does your husband think this is serious? Because a life partner should be helping you through something this serious. This is a serious issue because suicide thoughts should always be taken seriously. This could end tragically for you, your husband and especially that young kid.
Where do you live? The cost of living is different everywhere. If your college isn't highly ranked that's alright, especially if you did enough to set yourself apart. You're coming out of college with no-debt which is more than most of us, including me, can say. Your knowledge in your field is much more important than where you got that degree from.
Annoying things in general - online access codes - bad professors - confusing buildings (my college..the engineering building of all places is confusing...ridiculously. I have to wonder if the engineers did it on purpose)
They might if they don't know it, especially, like the others said, if there's a TA grading it. If a TA is grading your papers instead of a professor, use the American version...
Good to hear. Truthfully, take care of yourself, and that kid. It'd be awful for you to pass too soon when you can work through it.
Do it for yourself before anything else. That child can help be your motivation though, he's young and will look up to you guys. Your husband supporting you is the best thing you can do. If you can, see a therapist, if not just find a support system. (sorry reddit doesn't want to let me respond to you for some reason except every five minutes)
I'm doing alright. My mind is on my summer semester of college to make up for a bad semester. I want to do better. I also want to keep my relationship going well with my new partner.
Good luck to you as well. I had terrible first semester and am re-taking the two classes i failed since my college replaces the grade for GPA.
Yeah. I had personal problems with a relationship, adjustments to college, etc. Only got a 2.2 GPA with a 4 credit hour class that I got a D, the other 4 credit got an F, a 3 credit got a B+, another 3 credit got a B+ and 2 1 Credits that I got an A in as well as a 2 credit with an A = 2.211 GPA. The D and F I can replac ethe grade of and bring that really high for the cumulative. (Got a 3.7 the second semester)
I don't think so. Depends on the dog though. I just saw the no swimming part so maybe not since they love that.
Labs are great with a lot of people in general, so unless people have bad experiences I normally recommend them. Most love to swim.
It is normal if you don't let yourself do anything. Take breaks in between studying. Not long, but maybe an hour in between two giant chunks to do something with other people. Your health is important too. If you're having all those issues with snapping it probably says you're pushing yourself too hard.
There are many dogs that are afraid of being brushed and bathed but unfortunately it is necessary. It's definitely something you, or your husband, should do yourselves though if htey have anxiety (long as they don't bite or anything).
Spend every last second you can with this dog. He'll remember the love you gave him throughout his life. Dogs don't like when they can't walk anymore and if he's too old it's still understandable for him to be put to sleep when it gets too bad.
I have a notes app on my phone for when I need it. I use simplenote on both computer and phone so it syncs.
She probably will and is just attached to you and was afraid when she couldnt find you.
You seem to have a good list of pros and cons there. Personally saving money and being with family should be best if you can especially if you do better there. The more you like a college the better you tend tk do.
University - more people in classes - a professor who might not know you as well as in CC - you have to be more responsible (along with this is that you teach yourself a lot too)
Also, I'm going to be a Sophomore studying Biology for pre-vet, so I'm in a similar situation in that regard. Labs scare me because I have messed up before, it happens, and sometimes me and my lab partner fixed it. She messed up before too. These things happen and you have to accept that sometimes.
Why floysians
Take her to the vet
