Ryback.....nooooooo.
Too bad he don't know rhythm
Roman as a heel should win and beat dean for the title then lose to face Brock at wrestlemania
What do you expect from s man who knows nothing....he's doing his best lol
His shirts
The big show going to nxt would only mean that Vince is is really jealous and trying to kill the brand out of spite.....good thing this was only a joke lol
The most athletic white guy in the biz.
Brock vs Becky over the rights to suplex city......I would also like to see Becky vs Pentagon Jr in a submission match even though he's not in the wwe
Big show vs........ Kane vs........
Expect a grate time
Are you trolling???
I don't see how the new kliq taking over as being bad for the wwe....they're all over and very talented.
The Ruth fact was wrong but he still made a good point
Cool stats keep it coming
Nwo......because they wouldn't put none of the other guys on the list over
Chyna's life been downhill since Steph pulled that power play on her......let it go and get help
Pipe bomb/ his time with the urn
So I guess the mountain is extra tiny lol
Tommy dreamer with a glass of dark liquor instead of a kindle stick is Julian lol......bet lahey would like him to..lol
A man can dream lol
Where do Yugiro find his hot women......he stay with dimes
Big Poppa Pump!!!!!
Kevin Eck and who ever hired him both deserves to fired for such horrible booking.....nobody wants to se Shaemus win as a face or heel.
You're a horrible booker......you'll fit right in with wwe creative team
"holy sh*t we flayed your friend."
Who he
That's ser Alliser Thorne to you..he's still a knight damn it
MtDatRides
hardhome hardhome and hardhome
Scott Hall taser and Stevie Rays flapjack
This should be a t-shirt
And this couldn't fit on a 3hr episode of raw because.....
That nerd looks like he couldn't draw a dime....too vanilla and should stick to his day job lol
Nikki Bella currently to me
Nice and thick
Do you think he has to take a wellness test lol
That's a sandwich I would love to eat lol
Came in here thinking I'm going to hear some good Flair or Dustys hard times but instead I got this......still no regrets lol
I dig it
Do you think the fans would turn on Cass and Enzo if they face Chad and Jordan In a big match?
That's how I see it going unless it's in Ny or NJ
Naito and his stable are going to do big things in 2016.
Lucky man
Nazi or not she's hot lol
She needs to get off her high horse
The funks
Just subscribed
Who the hell booked this match..........even if he wins it back at rumble him winning just to lose it just to win it back seems like a waste of story
I feel like it's really Roman vs Brock and everyone else involved don't have a chance
That's Donovan Mcnabb jabroni
