The amount of muscle he gained while staying shredded is considered next-to-impossible in that time-frame without steroids. Google says he went from 120 lbs to 230, and then down to 190 all in 6 months. So that's a 110lb weight gain in 6 months, which is around .6 lbs per day. Moreover most of that .6 would have to be muscle, and humans can't naturally gain muscle that quickly. EDIT: wrong maths
Afraid this isn't the case. Most hover around 5%.
Tavors have a selective fire system. Perhaps he's just saying that soldiers typically don't use the fully automatic setting.
It's not an altarpiece. It's the altar wall of the Daredeviled Sistine Chapel.
Yes as I said they "Daredeviled" it. I imagine they took away the double-arch so the Punisher skull would fit more cleanly. It's clearly supposed to be based on the Sistine Chapel. They open with *The Creation of Adam*.
They're the Gaza Strip government and they stand for the destruction of Israel. They execute terrorist attacks upon Israel, primarily through unguided rockets shot into civilian areas. They also plan infiltrations into Israel using tunnels for kidnappings, shootings, and bombings. They use international aid and building supplies to create more tunnels used for smuggling and terrorist attacks, although both Israel and Egypt destroy these tunnels when they find them. Any internal Palestinian resistance is suppressed and Gazans are routinely executed. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas#Extrajudicial_executions_of_rivals) Most Western nations consider them to be a terrorist organization.
What's confusing about it? B'Tselem is trying to smear the Shin Bet while skirting the fact that they're aiding in the detention, torture, and murder of Palestinians for selling land to Jews.
The bot fails to mention how this land was purchased legally from a church, and that the initial plans are to build a hotel. No building permits for a settlement have been issued. Moreover, "Israel" doesn't plan to establish a settlement there, just the rich guy who bought the land. Talk about a slanted article.
Most people probably don't know this because /worldnews mods have been deleting all the stories on the hundreds of terror attacks perpetrated by Palestinians on Israelis in the last few months. First they shoved all the stories into poorly updated sticky threads, and then they got rid of those too. How is a terror attack in Israel "local news" if a terror attack *anywhere else* isn't?
The blockade only started after Hamas incessantly attacked Israel. Plus, Egypt also enforces the blockade, which a lot of people forget/neglect to mention. It seems as though Hamas can't play nice. There's a reason most of the west defines them as a terrorist organization like ISIS or Al Qaeda.
Many Jews (like myself) find the rabid anti-Israel sentiment on campus troubling. One can be a Zionist and still find Israeli policies problematic. Zionism just means we believe in a state for the Jewish people (Note: this doesn't mean a Zionist must be opposed to a Palestinian state). However, now Zionism has become akin to a swear word, and people who know very little about the history of the I/P conflict are screaming for the indictment of Israel, banning Israeli scholars or scholars with a pro-Israel stance, and conflating all Zionists with war criminals.
Apparently the rotisserie chickens at the main Canadian chains (I usually go to Metro) are actually sold at a loss (or at least cost). They're meant to make you hungry and buy more food, or bring you to the grocery store to begin with. There's a reason they're always by the entrance.
It's for the Jewish people, not practitioners of Judaism (a religion). Zionism is a secular movement. Remind me, which country prints "In God we trust" on their currency?
If you support the Palestinians (not saying you do) how do you reconcile your dislike for a Jewish national movement with your support of a Palestinian national movement? Also note that while Israel includes many Arab citizens (20%), Abbas has gone on record saying a future Palestinian state will have 0 Jews.
There are different subsets of Jews who share similar genes. The main ones are Ashkenazim (Eastern European), Sephardim (Spanish), Mizrahim (Middle Eastern), and the Beta Israel as you mentioned (Ethiopian). Within these subsets Jews tend to share similar genes (about as much as any other race). EDIT: To add to this, this is why Ashkenazim have stereotypes about their appearance. Dark hair, brown eyes, curly hair, etc.
Jewishness is separate from Judaism. Judaism is the religion of the Jewish people. Jews tend to share genes much like any race (especially the subsets e.g Sephardic Jews).
How long do you think Gaza has been blockaded for?...
To question 1, no. The religion has changed over thousands of years, the gene pool has remained similar (about as much as any other race over that amount of time). To question 2, yes. They would still be considered Jewish. 42% of Israeli Jews define themselves as atheist.
I believe with this jackpot a very rich person would already make a profit if they played all the numbers and no one else won. However, it would take something like a full year to process that many tickets (saw someone else post the math on it but I'm too lazy to find it).
I don't know what that time is.
I'm certainly not. I responding to a comment saying that NATO should be political allies with Iran. Also, regarding the Iranian populace, are you so sure they're the moderates you claim, or are you just regurgitating what everyone else in the thread is saying? What do you think state-sponsored Sharia law and holocaust denial does to a populace? How can you explain Iranian citizens chanting "Death to America!"? What you're saying is that the populace of an extremely conservative theocracy that's flooded with propaganda somehow remains liberal, while I find that very hard to believe.
The US doesn't execute political dissidents, children, or LGBTs. The US isn't a theocracy, doesn't deny the holocaust, or follow sharia law. This is the BS I'm talking about. The US has its problems but comparing it to Iran is absurd.
Really cool mod. I think it'll become popular. Thoughts on doing the rest of synth armour? synth armour looks like a nasty hunk of plastic, rather than hi-tech armour of the future, and there really aren't any good retex's out yet.
Ethnically Jewish means one whose lineage is Jewish (like a race/ethnicity). Ashkenazim are a subset of Jews from Eastern Europe that stereotypically have dark curly hair and brown eyes and are most likely the "look" you're talking about. However, Ashkenazim look radically different than say Beta Israel (Ethiopian Jews) or Mizrahim (Middle Eastern Jews), who are also ethnically Jewish.
Yes it does have meaning. It's usually a slightly unfortunate thing to say because their understanding of "looking Jewish" is most likely based on Nazi propaganda (not that they're aware of this). Plenty of Ashkenazim have blond or red hair and green or blue eyes.
Not sure if this is fully addressing your question but Coghammer is helpful for stopping rush decks. Giving a Minibot 2 divine shields *and* taunt and being able to clear with your weapon is pretty helpful. I'd probably cut 1-2 Cons because a Secret Pali already has one of the strongest boards in the game (Minibot, Muster, Shredder, etc.), and you should be able to deal with *most* boards with minions alone. Plus Consecrate on T4 still gives your opponent initiative on their next turn, so it basically *must* be followed by a Sludge Belcher and ideally a MC (which doesn't always happen). EDIT: I like running Keeper of Uld because she can buff one of your Muster tokens, and has a decent body vs. aggro allowing for a board swing in your favour (plus her effect is very flexible and useful and most points in the game).
Yeah I run two Belchers too. They help fill out the OP pali curve. If you're having trouble vs. face shaman you could always try teching in 2 Cogs or maybe even an Ooze/Harrison (if you're facing a lot of palis+shammies).
Yeah fair enough. I will point out that Seinfeld and Woody look nothing alike :P.
That's usually a Sukkot thing organized by Chabad. They ask everyone if they're Jewish and if they are they ask if they'd like to partake in a Sukkot ritual (usually reciting some verse and giving a palm frond a few shakes). The purpose is to expose nonreligious Jews to a Judaic religious ritual (Chabad is a religious organization), and to perform a *mitzvah* (let's just call that a good deed).
Israel has had to deal with hundreds of attacks like this (car rammings and/or knife attacks) in the last several months https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gl-HzgpMBo. Notice how the terrorist continues to attempt to hack pedestrians with a machete even after he's been shot. The situation in Israel is far different than in London, and London has an unarmed police force, whereas Israel does not.
Israel doesn't manufacture their own aircraft. You cherry picked a misleading example.
I disagree with this assessment. I run Brann and feel little impact from the negative battlecries. For Flame Imp, you usually play him before Bran, and it's only an issue if you draw him while Brann is still alive on the board. If you draw FI with an active Brann you can usually just play a different card(s) anyway or trade Brann into something if you desperately need to play a FI on T4+ (which I have never found to be the case). For Doomguard it's even less of an issue, because ideally Doomguard will be the only card left in your hand, and even if you have up to two other cards, it makes no difference. It's usually pretty easy to have Doomguard+2 or less cards at T5, considering how low-cost the Zoo curve is. The pros of Brann are that he has a decent body, and combos with a bunch of your cards to give you surprise burst. +4 attack from Abusive and Dark Iron, Power Overwhelmings or Soulfires from Peddler, and a very strong effect from Argus. Brann is also basically a soft taunt, as no one is going to leave him alive if they can help it.
Yeah I'd like to try EoM but unfortunately I don't have it. If nothing else it looks like a super fun card.
Everyone's probably said this already but the reason for Mad Scientist is in the deck name. He is a *huge* tempo play and considered one of the best 2-drops in the game. 5 mana for the price of 2, and a 2/2 body. If opponents know you're a tempo mage he is actually a prime target for silence because of how big a tempo swing he is. Whenever I face tempo mage that T3 secret seriously messes with my head. I'm forced to play around Mirror Entity, and the worst part is it isn't always ME. It's also quite common to not have a garbage minion to throw at ME. Any 3-drop+ is something I don't want a tempo mage to have. EDIT: fixed a goof.
Compared to the US? The answer is no for every single country on Earth.
You're right, I do. I don't actually play mage as I'm FTP (no Flamewaker). I do run into them a lot though. I got confused!
I think the thing is demonzoo isn't doing as well as classic aggro zoo these days. It's too midranged, which means it competes with **very** strong midranged decks and face shaman. Druids run 2 silences for VT or VC... or egg or Mal'ganis or w/e else. Secret Pali runs minions that you'll have difficulty removing without the amount of +attack in classic zoo, and there's Dr. 6, 7, and 8. Finally, face shaman has too much speed + silences for demonzoo. If you try using VT or VC they'll just Earth Shock, leaving you with your pants down. On the other hand classic zoo has the flood/tempo to overwhelm druids, and the potential to stall/outpace shamans and palis.
She's referring to Israeli police shooting Palestinian terrorists while they're in the process of stabbing people as "extra-judicial killings". It's the same thing.
It's the same people who use the term "Jew Patrol" that also complain about the "antisemitism card" being used.
That's a chicken.
I'm not sure if I'd consider someone chucking a molotov cocktail at me a "non-assailant". She also didn't say that; she made no such distinction.
How do I beat Freeze Mage with Zoolock (classic aggro zoolock)? I've been encountering a lot of them and I think I have a 0% winrate vs. freeze mage. I can't flood the board because freeze means I can't play anything new. Tapping is risky because they OTK. I often get killed 1 turn from killing them. Thoughts?
I Enjoyed JJ a lot but thought a lot of the dialogue was *terrible*. JJ and Luke were completely 2-dimensional. I think they really need to work on the dialogue and action sequences (which were pretty terribad). DD seemed to have higher production values, in that regard.
In Toronto, Ontario, the lead pipes on my street were replaced within the last ten years, and this is right downtown. Even so, it's good they did it eventually, and Toronto tap water is supposed to be some o' the best in the world.
It is... r/IsraelPalestine
That's not why people dislike the Roma. It's unfortunate but when people think of Roma they often think of pick-pockets and the like (because there are a fair amount of Roma pick pockets).
I don't run Gormok or EoM but I think one should be careful about classifying cards as "win-more" in aggro-zoo. With zoo if you lose the board mid to late game you lose. Using cards that clinch the board are actually pretty crucial.
I feel like that's more a symptom of being wealthy rather than being Jewish. A good deal of wealthy people lean to the right and oppose government spending because they don't want to be taxed more. Rich Christians tend to send their kids to private school too.
Mysterious Challenger
Two Owls seems like overkill as they can often end up dead/wasted. Jeweled Scarab just isn't very good in my opinion, especially considering warlocks have lifetap. I wouldn't take out Doomguards myself, but perhaps sub in Void Terrors instead or the Owls/Scarab, that way you get additional battlecries from Brann, and a way to get large minions.
