To pee with you idiot
&gt;very detailed &gt;The entire ocean floor has now been mapped to a maximum resolution of around 5km, which means we can see most features larger than 5km across in those maps. LOL no
because it makes bush look crazy bad or serial killery back story
Contact COC? Because, if it's not official, it's going to be *hilarious* fallout.
You must have missed the bush years
I'd vote let kids be kids and make some remark about "I love ANW and none of the people on that show are your size" I'm a little protective, I'd be in SJW face if she says anything else
Not like you can change your weight right?
I'd feel so much safer if black people had a curfew after nine. I'd have so much fun Ojhh crud, went full storm front
Ah Amazon wishlist for the lulls. http://amzn.com/w/3IVQT6CLJA3BP
Triple xl shirt size, lol
click clack, the tappet brothers are at it again!
lol, you do realize that ATF errrrrr FAA regs are now outdated and pax planes being overweight is a growing concern. &gt;Since 1995, most airlines have assumed a weight of 180 pounds for each adult passenger in summer and 185 pounds in winter; checked bags are assumed to weigh 25 pounds each. I really hope they go towards weighing passengers just for the hilarious meltdown that will cause, even though it's ... literally not to die. Because, weight and balance charts are realz, not feelz. I can't find it right now, but there used to be this most beautifully written rant that some alaskan bush pilot was fatphobic and shit, because he weighs each passenger and then shouts the weight to a ground crew guy to plug into his Center of mass?? and weight tables. It was beautiful. Sauce: http://www.nytimes.com/2003/05/13/us/weight-estimates-on-air-passengers-will-be-increased.html
tumblrbot, you'll always be my true love &lt;3
It reminds me of i'm awesome, by spose.
I got trapped between two HUGE people, they both were on top on my seat when I was little. It was a terrible 7 hour flight. I couldn't even drink and pass out. One time, a very large black woman sat next to me, and i had to lift her belly roll to access my radio volume and channel buttons. Then she had the gall to stare at me like I just tried to rape her. It was bad.
There used to be a "sort by bought' that I loved. But I'd get sad and get drunk as a skunk that I couldn't get people to buy me macs. But amazon got rid of that feature in the last 2 years.
Challenge accepted?
huh, interesting.
lel
that he is!
Basically, if your index fingers were guns that discharged, how fucked would you be? AKA, what are your fingers currently pointed at. Also, what is a dream gun of your's. It's my friday night, I'm drinking, sue me.
That's what the FAA assumes for weight. That doesn't mean the individual airline doesn't do other methods. But, pretending the airline didn't figure it out for itself, they'd just use the FAA math and plug that into the center of gravity calculator which basically lets you know if the plane is going to be able to fly or crash horribly.
lol
Damnit, my bad, I didn't realize there was a sub for this. In repayment, I'll grab a beer, and then upload photos after bluing guns thursday
did you see how pitted it started off as? sorry bro, you're kinda an idiot
Smooth bore? Why optics then?
gotcha gotcha. a receiver mount *should* be close enough
Uh, the nicest way I can put this, is they don't look like they're in the IDF. I thought the idf was mandatory, and it means you get to roll around with an m16 or other fun toys in your day to day life. I don't think that makes you an easy victim.
Ohhhh, I seee. Hmmm, where you located? You're probably going to have to do the silver solder the base that /u/brownellsInc suggested
Obama already suggested this to the right wing people. Don't like your government? Move to Somalia!
Oh honey, you're adorable. Start doing some internet dating, and become used to the myspace angle.
Holy crap, If this was a TV show, I'd totally participate. So long as I get to bring my own weapons. Shiiittttt. IE, you want to kill all men? here's a gun, go find the male.
Then they're ungodly hypocritical and are not worthy of such a position anyway. Lead by example.
Holy fuck, that is a hilarious joke, and I plan to use it with my asian friends.
Even for SFW boards, you keep a hidden porn board. I thought this was internet 101.
True that
Follow the letters to the key. Strip it. Put the hammer back. Insert bolt. Drop hammer. Ensure hammer strut is free. Point muzzle up at 45 degrees. Insert the hammer spring assembly. Ensure that there's spring resistance when you push it closed, before latching it in
That's how it works in Florida. Written permission. Carry your letter
fiber keeps you full longer
You're not wrong that worn (read soft) leather holsters can cause issues like that. That's why you buy a new leather holster, and try to not overly condition it. Without getting too off topic, I love leather, because of reasons, and there's all sorts of ways to ensure this doesn't happen. Don't use products that will horribly soften the leather (looking at you mink oil, thanks for ruining leather products) and still leave everything nice and conditioned. Saddle soap or bust. But, at the end of the day, be aware of the condition of your holster, and don't just randomly shove it in the hole, else it might go bang. It isn't *just* holsters that does this. Anything caught in the holster could do it, like sweater strings, for example.
They're definitely intentional, but there's no reason to wildly speculate. Shit, it could even be notches so that a tie on ammo holder wouldn't slide around. Lol.
Here's the skinny. The gat got sent from a ffl to your ffl. IT's still his property, until he logs it into his bound book, then does a 4473 and a background check. Your dad is in the legal clear as long as the box is not opened. So, long story short, you gotta wait it out. Sorry bro.
Some lady started the dad bod phenomina. Basically, it boils down to 'I couldn't date someone way hotter then me, muh feels, and crabs in a bucket'
honestly, does it really matter? Trying to understand the WHY can lead to dark dark places
^this
I spilled a gallon of acetone on my boots today at work, and was exposed to 90% nitric acid. Tell me again, feminists, how much you want my job.
&gt;soundtrack. Riiiigggghhhttttt, that's useful. Mother of god, this'll be a fun one. also, asses and leather, cool.
huh. TIL
&gt; It's like that fuckbuddy of mine who never even heard of Army of Darkness Wut? Seriously, what's army of darkness?
mother of god this looks awesome
