God may have your soul.
The reason why Krakatoa is always in the middle of the ocean in Civ5
Thanks Lorne Malvo.
Mein Furher, I can WALK !
This. Gotham is for me the dark side of NYC. I always thought Gotham would mean "GOTHic AMerica"
What about a drop of gasoline?
Also, some Stormtroopers carry MG34.
A Bioshock set in a derelict space station, in the 70's. A kind of utopian orbiting-around-Earth station, built by both USA and USSR during a Cold War break. Full of vintage stuff, weapons such M1 and AK47, and ideology shit.
About the Express, I'm pretty sure the car we take in BS2 runs just on a single line, from Ryan Amusments to Persephone. Informations panels on the platforms show two others lines, without location names. But yeah, the layout is a mess, there is not even a hub to connect them all.
They do in vanilla.
Londoners becomes "Londonien", Parisian is "Parisien" in french. So it didn't bother me :) We also say "New-Yorkais"
You could be able to upgrade them in destroyers, if Combustion was discovered before Telegraph.
Sur-natural wonder
Funny to see a city growing but still with destroyed buildings. Also, Washington is the Barbarian leader since his country is first on the list by default.
Then you delet it? How can he come back if not in your territory?
The guy said he could feel his blood "like water". I assume none of the rapers wore condoms? They all gonna die from AIDS. Problem solved.
Also 4 spies sounds strange. Op may use a mod that unlocks espionage a the early eras.
not yet
Dat border expansion.
Hope she has range+logistics+extra movement
Why this should be hidden? What are these rules? I'm new to reddit. This image is actually quite funny.
Funny how they were terrible at naval warfare and exploration, although being an island country. Was that cultural? (isolationism and stuff?)
OP: It happened to me once: instant reload.
You can, if the CS is liberated. It removes a kind of lock that prevent you to pass through.
You can only in case of liberation.
ooops yes
Infortunately ducal stable wouldn't work with Keshiks since they are ranged units and not mounted.
Pre-BNW, France had both musketeers and FL. CHateaux replaced the Foreign Legion.
Yeah, the Boulevard Périphérique!
Why is the academy planted on the marble resource? It doesn't connect luxuries!
I love that comic author. This one is good, the nasty face of the waiter in the last case is priceless.
You did.
Actually it was designed in 1939.
Your scout seems to be sailing on drugs.
But... but... Ships of the Line???
You should have moved your settler on the horthern hill. More production, defense, and possibility for Machhu and Newschwanstein
Good catch. The more I see the Star Wars movies, the more I see details. I need to re-watch TFA a third time. I didn't know star destroyer could land on a planet, I tough it was only in spaceports, like when Obi-wan embarks.
Since the Tauntauns can freeze on Hoth I believe they are exotic species, from a less cold planet. Perhaps a hotter area of Hoth, I can't believe the planet is entirely cover in snow.
I read somewhere that the star destoyer's bridge was inspired by antique triremes, with the rowers standing into the pits, the officers on the upper deck, etc.
Play England with Great Lighthouse/Exploration bonus/movement promotion. Super fast embarked units.
Seriously? That cutaway which in the vehicles book?
THANK YOU !!!!
Here, an upvote for you.
How can light travel faster than light?
I don't agree about the ejecting scene. I like the editing as it exists. The fighter is shot, blank. Finn awakens under the burning sun, with the parachute and the seat, we understand immediatly what happened.
Fetchez la vache!!
Build the Terracotta army and get a copy of it, then get a copy of it, then get
"In this sort of race, there's no silver medal for finishing second"
Russian paparazzis.
Good catch, ou can see the originals pavilions in the backround, which were demolished in 1937.
