I'm actually pretty sure buying plane tickets and not getting on the plane is illegal if you don't cancel them.
And not sure about the all ages thing. The website I linked might say, I'm not sure.
I hope you die next.
Fuck me and my shrimp dick. That glocal bastard.
So you're kind of a good person?
Ya snooze you lose.
Rest in peace Raven Nest and Roastbeast.
And then you never respond to my comments again. Subtle and no laws against it.
Are those my nuggets?! Are those my nuggets in there!?!
"In all things, a calm heart must prevail." -Fawkes
I tried my [best](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Snapping or pinching?
It's episode 188 - the [Woodstock Incident](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Call me Richard.
You're welcome
This is one of my favourite moments too. It's from Episode 10 - [Grandma](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Why are you so obsessed with eggs?
Fuck off.
I'll.. I'll change!
As much as Jake likes to come off as a dick for the sake of being cool, I'm sure he's actually a really good person. They both are.
Excuse?
No
You PRINCE!
His hand subtly grabbing Jake's dick.
They weren't keedin. They said right after that they weren't keedin.
Check your flair.
Stop telling me what I mean by shit.
But it's a total Amir thing to do. Ditching a date with your best friend so you can drink with teenagers who hate you, trying to gain their approval.
Yeah for sure. They should have ditched him or something, and r-tard was pretty stupid. But it was written pretty well and was believable.
Shame Vimeo doesn't work on mobile.
I'm a chicken of myself.
It's an inside joke, they explained it [next time she was on](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Enough.
Did you hear about the long-con at the farm?
I'm Scotian and I've never heard anyone use kg's.
It'd be harder for a midget to fall, centre of gravity and what have you.
NUNYA
At least I didn't drop out of college.
That's right. I'm quiet, I am clean and just between you and me I bake a mean frittata.
Pervert! That's illegal.
I love oblivion, over 600 hours on it, but it's pretty debatable whether it's better than Skyrim.
Every dungeon in oblivion was the exact same. Lol.
Do pregnant women suddenly lose all of their money?
this seems slightly against the law.
Gjettin HAHAHAHAH
Seems like it. That's wholesomely fucked up.
:(
I can't believe I'm making this comparison, but it would be similar to Call of Duty, kinda? Or any shooter really. As long as it lands in the hitbox it'll register?
Checking your comment history, you're a pretty huge dick man. Making jokes about weight, sexism, and rape? How is that funny? Short answer: it's not. It's not funny because it's not a joke.
Kind of agreed. Don't see the point of the whole fetch thing, but I'll still use the shit out of him.
