Yeah well good, that champion fucking sucks and isnt fun to play. I understand the zac criticism on not having a new skin until, but yorick actually blows.
Alot of things. But something simple that I despised before being with her was rap music. Like I liked some of the funny eminem songs as jokes or whatever but I never really liked rap music. Then she showed me a bunch of biggie smalls, tupac, ice cube, and even newer stuff like drake, lil wayne and kendrick lamar. I listen to rap like half the time now.
No its aesop rock. Asap rocky is a bitch rapper
Also his newest album is the ep with one catchy pop song, and the rest is shit even with a jayden smith feature. What a joke
Radiohead
So what you are saying, is that the harder to play champion, riven, is better than the simple champion garen, in terms of skill ceiling? Why would you want it any other way? I understand riven can be absurd, but the people doing crazy things on her play alot of riven and have mastered her combos, her cd, her limits essentially. Why punish people for being good and putting time into a champion. God this reminds me of the AWP circle jerk in csgo.
To be honest, Lee sin is best played in a non flashy way. Like sure you can insec and it looks cool and everything but it makes so much more sense to just assassinate early with your innate dmg, then build tank and just peel for carries. For real, if you can kick one guy back into his team mates so your team can get free dmg, that is so much better than kicking somebody into your team. If you want to do that, play pick champs like thresh, morg, blitz and get a tank jungler instead.
Take barrier since he's basically an adc and you WILL get dived, that little extra defense is incredible on him. Don't farm with soldiers early because it pushes lane and uses Hella manna. Just get good at last hitting with his auto, it's not bad. Against melee, bully your opponent when they go for cs with a good w AA q AA. Conserve manna though. Keep a soldier up at all times so you can escape with w q e. In team fights it is RARELY optimal to dive into the team and insec them back. Use the wall as disengage and to split the team apart. Stay far away and be doing dmg the whole time even if it's not on an optimal target. Your q cd is low late so you can contact lyrics redirect soldiers. Max q first, then w so you can have 3 soldiers put at a time. Morello into ludens or zonyas depending, then straight dmg or a situational abbyssal. Treat him like an adc.
I too have seen the David Fincher movie
Dexter season 4 was in my opinion the highest point of the show, perhaps the first season is equal. Anyways season 5 was like watching a show written by retards. I honestly do not understand what the fuck happened. And then they kept going and it stayed bad til it ended. It was amazing and one of the best shows on til season 5.
See I'm one of the people with the unpopular opinion that ac2 is by fsr the best assassins creed. Everything else felt like a money grab to keep the series going. Ac2 was fresh, new character, great new cities, aqesome mission structure. I don't know the other games after just make me think about ac2. I haven't played black flag though
I hear alot of people saying Brotherhood or Black Flag is their favorite. Guess we know different people.
Yeah, It definitely showed.
Pretty sure comms and video are not synched. Could be wrong but it makes a little more sense
Half Life 2, fallout 3. Couldn't choose one sorry.
Yourmoviessuck. Lots of good reviews and then lots of reviews of awful movies. I recommend watching his m night Shyamalan review videos
The best way to smile for pictures is to think of something funny like a Louis ck standup and then laugh because when you laugh you naturally smile
Is everything cringe now?
Well that would include everything I guess. We do not have many adjectives in the english language so I guess everything is cringe now.
This sub is the king of posting stuff that everybody has heard already several years ago. Bravo! I love the song though.
Oh my goodness. This is just too much. I'm literally can't dying
I hope you give her as much in return. That sounds like a 50's wife
Not everyone. My mother is a racist paranoid schizophrenic who I have blocked on all communication outlets. Obviously if you have a mother with great qualities, some of those qualities should be seen in other people, especially another person who can be there emotionally as a parent usually is. Just saying, I think people look for the good qualities in people, not necessarily their mother who may is e those qualities.
Ahh, alright. Good to hear
Yeah this album is awesome. Lots of different sounds in it.
Everything Everything -- Get to Heaven
All hardcore/metalcore. To be honest, even if you do not like the genre, or just not as into it as others, I still recommend Enter Shikari. Really, really strange British electronic/rock/metal band. I never know what I am getting into when I listen to another one of their albums. To see if you like them, I would listen to the song Juggernauts. It was the song that got them on the map on their album Common Threads. They have matured a bunch since then, and improved in nearly every aspect. Good luck!
Run the jewels 2 is 2014.
Well, this is a sensitive subject that could save your kids. You do not want your children to make a potentially life ending decision because they are afraid of getting in trouble with you. My dad did the exact same thing. I never needed him, but I always knew he would be there if I did.
Parenting is work after all. A work you can't leave at the office
I hate to break it to you, but being an analyst in the scene gives you free reign to...analyze whether it be criticism or not. As a team owner, you do not get to be an add on social media and make a fool of yourself. Thoorin is a journalist. He generates clicks and views so he can make money. I like regi, but it was obvious after the whole thing was said and done that regi was in the wrong. Gotta remember he's not just a kid on the internet. He runs a business where your image can hurt you if you fuck it up enough. Luckilly the pr saved him the apology and he has been portrayed much better since then. I'm sure he's a great guy, who got caught up in the moment and forgot who he was. The boss does not argue with the people talking shit. He says nothing and continues running the biggest brand in the scene.
Does the whole league team use tyons
The tyon is by far the best though
smile more
The only cool mispelling for drew ive seen was a guy i worked with named Dru. He was korean with a bunch of tattoos and an undercut. It fit.
Alrighty, I just do not know why people do not just go to the top posts of each month. Like as soon as I found this sub, I went through all the top posts of each month to find music. This will probably end up on the top posts of January. I am not mad that people found this band. I actually want them to be known, I just think it's funny that it gets posted again when it's on a top post of the month already. Not a big deal.
Aye aye capn
Ahh thats a shame. Fizz is actually really good right now lol.
I mean the time travel makes no sense. And the plot makes no sense. Sure it's a cool movie, but it kinda takes you out if you try to think about it. Watch YMS review of looper on YouTube and you will see what I mean.
Dude, there's a section for all Netflix originals and everything I've seen has been great. House of cards, bojack horseman, daredevil, narcos(my fav), and master of none. Thats just the tip of the iceberg. There's clone wars seasons, a bunch of comedy specials like Aziz ansari and john mulaney. There's easilly 15 more shows that I'm on my way to watch. Currently watching peaky blinders and maron on there now. Use it brah.
Yeah just go to search a show and there should be a bunch of categories under the search bar with Netflix originals near the top. Honestly watch Narcos.
Reminds me of sons of anarchy and boardwalk empire. Cillian Murphy is great though
Yeah I'm liking it so far. Reminds me of sons of anarchy and boardwalk empire
Yeah I gotta get back to boardwalk empire.
Could I have some examples? Genuinely curious
This is pretty fucking incredible. Not sure how this kind of practice could be performed in hospitals but it would be very useful. When I was working in the hospital, stroke patients in poor areas would show up past the window that we could treat them and would just have permanent damage. I remember a lady who said she fainted and came to the ER with her sister like 4 hours later then waited in the waiting room for another 4. We realized she had a minor stroke and there was permanent damage. Some people just have never felt the symptoms and a little bit of tingling in the hand seems silly to go the ER for. Not all strokes are full blown peter griffin level where the whole face droops. Sometimes it's just some tingling on your right lip or eye. The window for treatment is too small.
While I don't think you are a god with mastery, I honestly am not opposed to the idea that you must have some level of mastery on the champion in order to play them in ranked. No clue how the specifics would work, but I am just tired of looking at lolwiz and seeing that half my team doesn't even have 5 games played on the champ and zero normals on the champ. Gotta practice a lil bit before you go ranked
Sell me on it. With text or video
Play safe, scaling adcs that can farm well in lane. Mf, corki, Lucian, jinx, kalista etc. Ezreal is on the rise along with twitch as well. Focus on farm before trades. If you aren't duo it's hard to coordinate trades. So just tell the support to hold spells defensively and just zone so you can farm. Then do work in teamfights. Keep track of big abilities like flash, or malph ulti. You know what I mean. If malph ult is up or whatever catch spell and your flash is not, stay back. Let the malph choose to be kited or forced to ult someone else. When big spells like that are gone, do dmg forever, keep auto attacking and stay at the edge of your range. No reason to suicide to kill one guy. It's better they run and you get free hits on tower or get drag or something. Farm, stay alive, and do dmg safely. That's how you do well on adc.
Can shiphtur just retire already. The dude still can't even cs
