What is the special Item anyway?
Got some tips for a scrub like me then? I really can't stand this map at high tiers...
Silver Fang. I just like those Old-Guy-but-extremely-powerful-characters. Also martial arts are cool.
You'll probably have to improve it by a lot. My clan for example requires at least 1,6k recent. And we weren't even close to getting a tank for anyone. Got some camos though.
Now i can't help but wonder. What happened afterwards? Did Dan bust you to Jess or did he keep silent? Did anything more serious develop between you and Lily? Just by what i've read here you seemed to be quite into each other (as in more than horny). Is there a Volume 3 coming or do we have to buy that on amazon? Not that i would mind that much. Just asking.
Where else would the gunner and commander be o.O?
Lol i hopped in my t54, played like 5 games, circlestrafed a Jagdtiger to death an bam that's 2100 damage against TDs... I didn't even try for that mission. Just play like you normally would and you'll get it eventually.
The most important thing for the is mobility. I think of it this way: How do i combat derpguns, gold ammo and arty? Don't get hit or better yet: Don't get spotted. Sometimes heavies and stuff are fun but i think mediums can be more consistent because of their flexibility.
The thing that really annoys me about platooning with arty, is that it basically makes the platoon useless. You can't do anything a normal platoon can. No double tracking, no "take a shot for me and we'll rush him". Nothing more than maybe that one shot every thirty seconds. I'd rather play alone than platoon with arty. At least then i'm not guaranteed arty on the enemy team every game i play.
First off: Get some order in your rambling. It's ok to not be a native speaker. But this post is really hard to read. But concerning your problem: I would suggest to never rely on stuff like that. Just learn the armorprofiles of the enemy tanks. It's not gonna take that long. Also: Wich tier 8 are you driving?
I play it in a way that never leaves me alone. So i always stick around other targets and do my part by doing damage, tracking and baiting shots. Sometimes heavies really want to shoot me instead of the heavies next to me. And i'll happily eat that shot if i baited him out far enough for him to eat 3 shells in return.
Don't forget that sexy HESH.
Then please do tell me what that magical "three"-button loads into my gun?
Go into the game, mouse over the "HE" round and read its name. It says "HESH". I can read thank you very much. Also your tanks.gg doesn't say anything. Try selecting the prem heshround on the Cent 7/1. It's also listed as HE. The shell's name however is and stays HESH. Its just "HESH L35" instead of "HESH L37".
How exactly is the Cent 1 a painless stock grind if you haven't gone down the heavy line? That comet gun at tier 8... Makes me shiver.
Why did I know that you were going to show up and say that the moment I read someone badmouth the 260?
To be honest the "Prem tanks have to be worse than same-tier tanks"-idea has kind of lost it's purpose. They don't do pref mm on new tanks anymore so there really is no reason for prem tanks to be shit. The only thing they can't be is more powerful than normal tanks. And many are still worse. Look at the STA-2. Worse in every way but dpm than the STA-1. But at least it's competitive. Even the IS3-A fullfills that criteria. The DPM difference to the normal IS3 doesn't matter compared to the huge boost to mobility the normal IS3 has. I don't get why people want premiumtanks to be worse in every way to normal tanks? Are they just mad that they can't buy them and can't tell themselves that the prems are worse anyway anymore? As long as they don't outperfrom the standardtanks you literally have nothing to complain about.
Instead of nerfing russian premiums to shit they should just buff all the others to competitiveness. There is no good reason for premium tanks to be worse than same tier normal tanks. As long as they're not better than researchable ones everything goes in my book. Also pref. makes a huge difference for the Löwe. The pen difference might not be big but you're forgetting all the rest. The HP-pool of tier 10s compared to 9s as well as the DPM. An Action X will shred you way faster than a cent 7/1 will even though they have the same pen.
Why does everyone have the idea that premiums have to be worse? It's not better than the IS3 so there is no problem. It's not paytowin. Also it doesn't perform worse than the IS3. If it did it would have pref MM. And we really don't need more of those running around. Just accept that it is a competitive tank and not an XP-Pinata like some of the older prems. They should just buff the old ones just enough to be competitive (depending on pref or normal MM that is) and be done with it.
I would actually agree that those are kind of BS. However more because of the crews they came with rather than the tanks themselves.
I wasn't talking about the Löwes DPM. I still think the idea of pref MM would make a huge difference to it. Not because of what the Löwe does to a tier 10 instead of a tier 9 but rather because of what those tanks do to the löwe. If it could never see a tier 10 the bad armor would matter less as well as the dpm just because the tanks it could face in a worst case scenario aren't as good.
Make the spottingcap different for different tankclasses. That would give lights a reason to exist in tier 9 and 10 games again. Make it like 500 for lights, 445 for mediums and something like 400 or below for the other classes. Also it would make binocs viable again for something other than camopiercing.
I still think open top tanks should just get +5 to crewskills standard. Maybe as a counterweight to the disadvantage you get from being autopenned by any HE shells from above?
The thing that always baffled me is that the Xbox version has such but ugly UI. They put so much effort into making the game look good but the UI looks like a mobile-indie-wotclone. Seriously the Ammochoices at the bottom look like someone made a 20x20 sprite in paint and just enlarged it.
Those are the game mechanics. Just because you don't like them it doesn't mean it's not a good game. I hate arty and rng as much as the next guy but i wouldn't say that WoT is not a good game. I wouldn't be playing it if i didn't think it was good. While you and i consider Arty and RNG a problem, many people don't. Just don't generalize games as good or not good because of mechanics you dislike. That's just your point of view. Don't try to convince people that everyone must think the same as you.
A lot of couples around me actually do that. Of course it‘s not a real punch but rather a poke. But given Animes tendency to take things to extremes i can see where that clichee comes from.
I can see him teaching stuff to child emperor with his afterimage while dodging all of his attacks!
I just want to see Nagisa eviscerate Yanagisawa and spread his intestines all around the classroom.
I would just argue that they don't want WW2 tanks in swamps and shit to look pristine and new. Wouldn't make much sense if the battle consisted of nothing but fresh off the line tanks. I don't mind beat up mudguards and stuff like that. Makes it look more like a vehicle that actually saw combat than a revell-modelkit imo.
Honestly they can have it for all i care. The Fv4202(p) is garbage anyway and it would need like a bazillion buffs to even compete for a spot in my regular played tanks. I'd rather train my crew in a cromwell B than that piece of junk.
I did that with the E-75 too. Switched them to the E-50 once i unlocked it and put the E-50 guys in the E-75. If i had any intrest in the leo i would retrain one of the gals to be a light tank grill so i could fill my RU but hey too late now.
It would be intresting to know if that works in WoT. I know it worked in Warthunder. Back then i used to load a lot less shells to keep my front ammorack in the Bulldog empty so i didn't get blown up that much.
By that logic why isn't the HEAT-54 higher in the ranking?
I guess people progress down the missions at different speeds. I'm around 5.2k battles in and i'm on MT-15 for the T55 and the other 3 missions are at around 5-7. Getting those honours on the 15s can be quite annoying though.
Any resident unicums that might give us a hint if it's worth 20 euros?
Companies shouldn't try to create memes... I just seems so forced. Some PR guy: "Guys memes are the shit let's throw some meme out using one of the characters. Make sure to put no effort into creating something fun. The internet will celebrate it anyway!"
I would argue it's better than the Leopard 1. While mobility isn't quite as badass as the Leopard you can still keep up with the russian hovertenks and for it you get a turret that actually bounces stuff once you start using a bit of your gun depression. Also the AX is a lot more HE proof than the Leopard.
Luchs definitely imo. Just because of how many tanks you can wreck with the autoloader if you get to be top tier. However you sacrifice the ability to get marks of excellence if you like to go for those. Also the Luchs has a really weird Crew layout, wich might lead to you having to retrain some crew for gold to other positions.
Then go for the Luchs. Cutest tank in world of tanks and a bunch of fun. Pretty much the only lowtier tank i willingly play.
I'd still go for the Mutz honestly. I can't speak for you but i don't mind having my radio operator behind by a bit. I'd rather have that than play that horrible slug that is the panther 8,8. Other option for crewtraining: Get a Pz T25 or a Turan III. I got my first ever Pools medal in that T25. It's just a glorious little tank and it trains 5 crewmembers for the Panther line. So does the Turan III only problem being that it runs out of ammo constantly.
You can deflect the Hanzio ultimate? TIL.
D.Va or Reinhardt. Reinhardt because he's german and i like to talk to cool old people. D.Va since she is pretty much my age, shares hobbies and seems like a nice person to get to know.
Not to keen on all those low viewranges. Of course it's nice for light tanks because they finally have a purpose again. But when everything is as blind as an IS3 or even worse we are gonna see so much more of the "oh i got hit by invisible tanks crap that frustrates many players. Even when not bushsniping.
Book spoiler: In the books that had been taken care of. Petyr was planning on marrying her to a good looking cousin of robin after letting robin die in training with the royce guy. maybe they'll work that into the series in some form or another.
I think the first major one i realized is Ramsay. I still can't take him seriously because all i ever see is simon from misfits.
Also what is Mycroft Holmes doing in the Iron Bank?
I wouldn't be so sure about that. Even while they were still behind the books in season 4 and 5 they already changed a lot of major plotpoints and left out a lot as well. Seasons 1-3 were much closer to the book. I wouldn't be surprised to see the plots drift even further apart in the future. Although i have to admit i didn't like a lot of the changes D&amp;D made. It always seems to me that they desperately want to prove "Hey we're just as good as Martin at writing stories!" but they always fail. The whole thing with Littlefinger and Sansa is much more plausible and "littlefingerlike" in the books compared to the show. In the books he just seems way more cunning and more well informed. Like he should be.
Hey Ectar. Would you mind doing me a favour? Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to find the Idiot who thought arty top of the tree was a good idea and get rid of him for good. Not just remove him from the company. Remove his existence from the face of this planet.
It really was yesterday. Got oneshot by artillery that wasn't even gunning for me but for the Jagdtiger i was passing. Combine that with two other shots that take off 80% of my health in the two following games and you have a recipe for salt.
Wouldn't the jews wipe themselves out by doing this? Also being circumsized (some medical crap as a child not hygene or religion related) i don't quite see how it would stop me from enjoying sex. Even if it is less fun than for uncircumsized men i have no way to compare and well... Judging by the amount of fapping i do i don't see how that would affect my sex-life if i had any?
