No. I used to be a woefully poor student and I work hard for what I have. Shopping is a hobby. Everybody liked to look good. I embrace my girly nature. There is nothing shallow about looking good and feeling confident so long as you don't judge others by what they wear.
Exactly. There are never going to be theories we all agree on in this sub. Calling somebody out on it is just rude.
I work with engineers. Everything that could be simplified requires a long, tedious process. It's all about formality. And engineers are so dry that I feel like I'm in episodes of 'The Big Bang Theory'. And just about all of them wear such bland clothes for function rather than style.
I signed up for Arbitrary Day, Reddit Turns 10, and Disney. My matches are good people and I wouldn't mind being friends with one. And two aren't lurkers, yay.
To be fair, Mona acted dumb at times and her best friend Hanna didn't know that she was A.
The boys look alike and I think that Charles has been confirmed as a diLaurentis. He is either a twin, cousin, or half brother to Jason. Andrew can't be one of the boys as he is Ali's age.
Bethany had a family and was in the grave. The actress for her most likely hadn't been cast. We can assume that the Liars know what Bethany looks like even if we don't. I have a hard time wrapping my head around Mrs D having twins and Ali. Now Mrs D might have hid Charles (if it's her own) but she wouldn't be careless to have another baby.
People licking their knives. Urgh, it repulses me and I really want to say something to them.
Ali was Toby's neighbour for a long time if I recall correctly. It would be extremely difficult to pass a kid off as being four years younger than they are. You can't say, pass an eight year old off as a four year old.
I think it's either Sarah Harvey or Charles himself.
Ha I've never liked her. I used to be in the minority and would get downvoted when I expressed my dislike of her. And now it's popular to dislike her. She irritates me to no end. I used to find Spencer insufferable but quite like her now.
Velvet. And fake flowers on hats.
Britney Spears perfume. Now that probably doesn't sound that bad but it was from my ex's mother and every year I would get one. I hated the smell and so ended up with five unopened celebrity perfumes at the end of the relationship. Nothing like expecting to get the same crap every year.
How luxurious. Worth every penny. I would love a homemade bag one day. You've got good taste and know what you want.
My friends don't watch this show. And most people I know talk about 'Game of Thrones'. I'm not into fantasy. I'm a girly girl who likes literature, old films, drama, so this show is perfect for me.
I don't think that they would make the connection that Cece wore a yellow top. I actually don't think that Cece was there at all that night.
I thought that it might have been Andrew.
I find it interesting that there are (rightly so) downvotes when it's noticed that a cast member has put on weight. Yet a few of you mock Toby's chin, Sydney's lips, Tanner's hair, Paige's chin, etc. Be nice.
My theory that he was involved in a fire at Campbell farm which got him sent to Radley and why the farm closed down.
No, because he was a doctor when he was dating Melissa before the A shenanigans. If Charles had been doing A stuff before Mona, then Wren would be the world's most useless detective.
In my hipster uni days, I used to play 'Imitosis' repeatedly. I don't think I fully comprehended the lyrics but I had indie cred for 'discovering' him.
But Wren has been in England. A has been pretty hands on and would have had the satisfaction of watching the girls suffer. Charles is/was a diLaurentis so how would you explain that relationship? And Charles in the video has blue eyes.
I think that Charles thought that she was actually Ali. Maybe he didn't know the real Ali very well.
We don't have to literally see him in England as Spencer's mother was communicating with him and Melissa. If I recall correctly, Spencer said that staying with them was fine. There's no reason to not believe that he and Melissa aren't in England apart from saying that they aren't to fit a theory. A bit like how we don't need to literally see where the parents are if they're not relevant to the plot.
I just watched 'Josie and the Pussycats'. I want to see everything with Gabriel Mann.
'Well the last train out to Sydney's almost gone'.
'I like Aeroplane Jelly...'. 'My dad picks his nose...'.
Australia.
Jason and Andrew are different ages. Andrew is the same age as the girls.
Cece is quite a bit older than Ali. We can assume that the two yellow dresses were identical so it's very unlikely that Cece and Ali would have been the same size when they were kids.
But why would the parents go along with that? That seems twisted even for PLL that they forced him to be his dead brother.
Andrew has lived in Rosewood for quite a while. You can't pass off a kid as being seven years younger than they are.
I got into LK Bennett because I was googling her shoes. I have one pair of strappy heels that are gorgeous though expensive. And Reiss heels are so nice and not hugely pricey on sale but I'm being good. Gosh, for a girl who is into bags I do look at shoes a lot.
Maybe Uber A isn't necessarily bad. Maybe they can't control the violent and sadistic Charles. They just have their plan and are trying to get justice. We've seen good people be pushed into doing bad things when they're at their wits end.
Or maybe he kidnapped Sara because he thought that she *was* Alison. Maybe he didn't know the real Ali very well.
Is that a euphemism?
I really don't think he's a bad policeman. He's in a difficult position as he has loyalty to the girls but tries to stay professional. And he does do arrests like he's instructed to like with Egg. And if my partner had been hurt by a maniac, I'd be extremely unprofessional about it as well.
I just don't think he's Charles. We can assume that Charles is one of the boys in the home video. I do believe that the boys are Jason and Charles with the baby being Ali. Andrew is the same age as Ali so he can't be one of the boys in the video as he would have been a baby himself.
Downvote for 'duck lips'. Her lips are fine, be nice. I don't like it when you guys mock the actors' looks on here.
I'm so over the Toby circlejerk. I felt so sorry for him when he first appeared and was an outsider. He's been through a lot, what with being bullied and being sent to juvie for something that he didn't do. He of course got emotional and irrational and joined the A team. I'd do whatever I had to do to uncover the truth about my family. I like Spoby but I personally feel that Spencer is in the wrong most of the time when they argue. Spencer gets a lot of love on here but she's not a very good girlfriend. She cheats on him and acts bratty when he has to work late and can't bend the rules for her. The way that she acts you can't blame him for being a bit possessive. He does have to work on his communication skills a bit though as he doesn't do well when Spencer is being emotional.
I like the watch. Personally I'd stick to the traditional watch brands so Citizen, Seiko, Tissot, Casio, etc. A watch ought to be classic, not trendy. Maybe get her something with a thin strap. Michael Kors make popular watches though not to my taste and most girls like Kate Spade. I wore a steel Guess watch when I was at uni that was simple, adjustable, and not horribly blinged and logo'd.
You're lucky you've never had to deal with a cockamouse.
Emily is getting Single White Female'd.
Unlikely that Toby is Charles. There is about a five year difference between them and it would very difficult to pass a kid as being five years younger than they are.
I live in Aus and hope you have me! Maybe try and send it from retailers like Myer, David Jones, JB Hifi, Dick Smith? I bought my Macbook from Dick Smith and the prices are lower than from the Apple store.
Ayy...lmao.
I loved Anastasia Krupnik! Thank you for giving me a literary friend throughout my childhood.
Ha, you understand what it means? Always nice connecting with fellow cat lovers.
Ella Montgomery. She never really put her foot down with regards to Ezra. She was going to marry a guy who she suspected had been inappropriate with a young girl, despite having a young daughter herself. Terrible parent and no wonder Aria is the way she is. I think Pam Fields is a great parent. Emily is the nicest, stable, and most rounded Liar.
'Men don't really like oral sex. It's a vicious rumour that was started in the '50s'.
