yea tell him johnny
Who the hell would leave a loaf of banana bread uneaten
You rock!
I agree. Binding of Isaac has tons of hidden/unintentonal mechanics and it gives the game SO much depth. I've got more than 1000 hours in the game across both versions and I still don't know everything about it.
That sounds like an anime that I'd watch
Awesome thanks, this is exactly what I was looking for. The warlock one was funny to me. I remember once I drafted 4 flame imps because I thought they were so good. Never have I lost an arena so quickly.
You can (and should) do this for every god in the game
Like copyrighting candy from a baby
What's going on here
&gt;Dark Souls 2, for all it's faults is an amazingly replayable game. I've put so many hours into that game messing with different weapons and builds and doing lots of co-op and I just can't enough of it. I know this is blasphemy for a lot of people but don't get me wrong: I love Dark Souls 1 and I love Bloodborne but DS2 for me is king when it comes to replay-value. That's so weird to hear for me. I love the whole Souls series and played the hell out of DS2 when it came out, but once I stopped I never played through again. I've tried before but always get put off by the dodging and how hard it is to get regeared from the start. I just end up replaying Dark Souls 1 for the 20th time or so.
&gt;In my honest opinion, I would be completely dissatisfied with a product that I paid between 15-45 dollars for that can be beaten in less than two hours. The games we're talking about do not cost that much. Games like To the Moon, Proteus, Dear Esther, Papo y Yo, Little Inferno and hundreds of others are now essentially free. The developers will receive no profit if people beat their games and then return them. *This is not a good thing.*
What I wouldn't give to play this god, this is awesome. Fantastic work
WTB rare pepe
13 second intro what
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com/)
I didn't raise you to talk to me that way you ungrateful little shit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ragman_%28comics%29 Edmund likes nerd stuff. /thread
It's not boring, it's a puzzle to figure out the optimal way to go forward. In all honesty it's a very interesting way of playing the game. &gt;I got both cubes with the Book of rev and it did take like 6 hours Now THAT'S boring
It really isn't. 90% of the posts are basically just /r/gaming for Hearthstone. Posts like this are the rare exception. If you want resources you should look into /r/competitiveHS or /r/hearthdecklists
God damn that was fire
You can settle for sculpting us an Old Wa simulator :P
Animals are crapping in our houses and we're picking it up. Did we lose a war? That's not America! That's not even Mexico.
Agreed, /r/smite mods are great
&gt;I'm definitely not depressed. Unless you're a psych major or a medical professional, you have no way of knowing this. And no, not everybody has suicidal thoughts. In the world of psychiatry suicidal thoughts are ALWAYS taken seriously, especially if they're as persistent as you say. I'll echo the words of everyone else saying that you should see a doc, but in case you're still skeptical here are the symptoms of depression: Fatigue, changes in eating habits, lack of energy, no longer enjoying previously pleasurable activities, lowered sex drive, suicidal thoughts, trouble sleeping or sleeping too much, feelings of guilt/worthlessness, persistent sad and anxious mood and thoughts. Keep in mind that depression can happen regardless of your environment or life circumstances, and that it can be as much chemical as it is emotional. Anybody can be clinically depressed.
I just want to say I really like the casual atmosphere of threads and I hope they stay. Anyways, I've been rereading my favorite book recently, The Things They Carried. It's so good. I'm not a huge reader and I usually hate consuming a piece of media more than once but this book is brilliant, it's got so much depth that rereading it even for the 3rd or 4th time feels like discovering something new as opposed to just retreading familiar ground.
That's a great passage. I always describe TTTC to my friends as a book 100% made of quotes you want to show other people but can't because they wouldn't appreciate it without having read the rest first. I think my favorite chapter has to be The Sweetheart of Song Tra Bong. The idea of the jungle just seeping into somebody you love and infecting them is something so chilling, it's written and paced like a horror story. I love it.
I don't see it, what's Berserk about that shot?
If Lower Burg isn't counted then I don't think the Kiln should be either, it only has like 5 enemies right?
This is one of the best posts I've ever seen on this sub
It's Aphrodite disguised as Covert Ops Bastet disguised as Aphrodite
What were 2k and Insomniac like? Did you work with Insomniac during the development of any of the original Ratchet and Clank trilogy?
fkn savage
Oh god Keeper of the Groove sounds like a fantastic boss for Necrodancer
[Omae wa mou shindeiru](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCWbl8ajfA8)
Shadow Madness is probably the best, as Cabal helps to counter midrange decks and Shadow Madness hits a lot of midrangey cards.
Pretty fitting for Hercules, considering he murdered his wife and children. Wait...
Yeah. [The panel just after it](http://a.mhcdn.net/store/manga/176/163.0/compressed/k009.jpg?v=1387689466) is fantastic too, one of those very well composed shots that Berserk is full of.
Where did you get your degree in armchair psychiatry?
Yep. I cackle like an idiot when RNG does something really miraculous to ruin my plays, almost as much as I would if it happened to the opponent. Because it's funny, and it's just a casual card game. There is rarely, if ever, anything actually at stake.
Thank you for your response! And I agree, as a person who's been interested in game design their whole life, the rise of procedurally generated games has been very exciting to me. It's so fascinating that in games like that as you add more content the game just gains depth organically. The Binding of Isaac is a good example of this. I've often wondered about diminishing returns in terms of content when it comes to procedural generation, or whether it's possible to create "the perfect game", one with so much procedural content that it never becomes stale or boring to play. But I guess that's a little off topic. We Happy Few looks great so far, I can't wait to hear more about it. Good luck!
Very good point, I hadn't thought of it that way. I wonder, if this were considered an attack speed slow for the purposes of comparison how much of a slow would it be?
Why not just add a ward that can see through stealth?
What exactly is shitty or tumblr about this gif
Big Boss is Skull Knight, since Guts is Skull Knight's "successor" with the berserker armor. Which makes Flora The Boss. Griffith as Liquid makes sense. Zodd is definitely Ocelot
Eh I don't know, if we're talking everything up to the point where Griffith gets himself sent to prison (or even more so if it's everything up to just before the eclipse) then I think everyone would've figured out he's super shady by then. Especially if Miura just stopped and gave everyone a decade to think about it. It's obvious that Griffith isn't a saint, even pre-eclipse.
Does all that happen? I completely forgot. I guess I might have to reread it all again
What's your job?
This is awesome
DAMN YOU BUTT TO BUTT
To be fair Kickstarter might have the option and I might just be ignorant, but I've still seen overfunding ruin projects. Kickstarter has definitely been used for scams in the past though I'm not sure how they've turned out, and for a service which seems so easily exploitable KS seems to do a good job of weeding out the crap.
