&gt;breitbart i ain't clicking that shit
&gt;rival you have to compete for a rivalry
no
&gt; Go watch some TV. &gt;go get spoon fed a biased opinion nah.
&gt;Hillary claims ISIS has been using videos of Trump (past tense) &gt;nothing turns up, clear and obvious lie &gt;Hillary fabricates and edits a video from 2013 from al-Sabaab and tries to use that as ammo &gt;even though it's NOT ISIS and IT'S A FUCKING FAKE a very low energy edit
Better than being a cuck like bernie. &gt;raising some slut's kid &gt;too weak to stand up to BLM protesters &gt;can't control his mic &gt;apologizes to that criminal harpy fucking Hillary
They will win, gabbert will throw picks and be on the floor most of the game. We will get top 3 pick since we will get the one above CLE since they blew us out and the already one a divisional game.
&gt;What else can I help you learn about Trump? Tell me how he's going to make America great.
Tomsbula is the worst, he's lost out there and he is in over his head. Every press conference after a blowout loss he say something in the lines of "we are going to keep the same scheme, we don't need to change anything" The players look so low energy out there, missing tackles, failing assignments, giving up on plays, and drawing flags; it's a huge mess. I know we have lost alot of core players, but there is no excuses for the low discipline on this team. He hasn't prepped them enough in practices. He hasn't said anything about the terrible play calling on offense,and the suspect play calling on defense. Who the fuck does zone coverage on Antonio brown? Get em out of here
just stop, you're getting blown out.
[&gt; Once you are fully grown, you will know this.](http://i.imgur.com/eCLZm2A.jpg)
Because the NO defense was one of the worst ever, Sean doesn't pick defensive players, or create defensive schemes.
49ers Sean Peyton
Muh dick
&gt;mommy mommy, give me the jet so I could pick up Sean paypay &gt;mommy warm me tendies
This season went by too fast. It's like the time between the first game and today never happened. I need to get my life together
&gt;TYT into the Trash. "I do yoga" "i'm very extroverted" this video sucks.
they're getting stronger
That sense of optimism that we are going to do good and that our young players are going to step up
&gt; Greg Oden he isn't fucking 27,
They aren't winning games anymore, they are losing to SEATTLE, CARDINALS,RAMS. The other team are bringing blitzes, linebackers, stunts. They need to build a big beautiful wall around their quarterback. They need to get rid of all the incompetent coaches and replace them with smart people. This team is ran by stupid leaders folks, it's ran by very stupid people. Here you got Jed and the majority of the faithful hate him because he's a complete moron. He fired one of the best coaches they had since Walsh because of locker room political correctness and brought in a tired,low energy, and un-charismatic man. He can't get his team motivated to win games, he's terrible. I'm sure he's good at other things like pizza making, sure. However coaching isn't one of them. People, let me tell you, the only way this team will be great is if they fire all the incompetent coaching and draft great players. You need to get rid of Jed and bring back Eddie to make the forty niners great again!
our coach was fired a year ago.
Hoping he does a Robert Dwyer
beards are for dudes with overbites.
pete is like 70 going on 12
&gt;tfw BB will retire soon
seattle is hot.
I don't think I could take another seattle win.
the great rustling many tears shed the dust hasn't settled
Some people fuck dogs some people eat dogs some people are sexually attracted to the same sex some people fuck dead bodies some people are suicidal some people are pedophiles some like soccer some like football some don't eat meat some people do some people drive a ford some drive a Chevy some like hunting some like boating some people like the packers some people like the bears some like the Yankees some like the socks and some people are Nazis, get over it, It's 2016.
I bet the dinner they're having is god tier
Carr&gt;teddy Wilson is a top 3 if not top 2 QB in the NFL right now. Anyone who denies that is delusional. Hopkins&gt;ODBJ Romo should retire and Dallas should get Goff there i said it.
&gt; Trump planted him to sabotage the dems &gt;all that asspain on /r/sanders would be glorious
trump's interview got 3k dislikes in minutes. I despise that cunt Hillary
what? root beer?
That's like being CEO of Subway then being demoted to sandwich artisan.
If you don't like it than get the fuck off the computer.
mark sucks a good dick
lel
I'm to lazy to log in on yt
Eric mangini or Geep
Holly shit he's a cuck
I had a dream I met Lynch, kam, and some others at a convention. They all signed a blue toy sports car I was carrying for some reason and Pete was jumping around all happy and shit. Someone stole the autographed car and I fond it under a concrete bench in a massive building that was at least a mile high. Then I woke up. I have no idea what that means but it was strange.
She's hitler's daughter. Somethings habbeing.
If kelly gives yourk his tendies, he's good
what do we have to lose?
&gt;no mayonnaise &gt;no lemon &gt;no tomatoes What a shit recipe
I'm calling it how I see it. Seattle will win in CAR in blowout fashion. &gt;best receiver is ted gin JR &gt;against herman &gt;the only reason why they won last game because wager was out and lane is back It's going to be over by the 3rd quarter and cam is going to cry about lynch doing the superman after they lose the game and go 4-12 next season.
Holly shit. rams go back to LA, we get chip. wat a time to be alive.
MODS!
