I mean it's pretty self explanatory not to look at something like this, of course there's gonna be spoilers
He should've just keep melting down those swords. If he does it five more times he'd have had 64 Valyrian swords!
I'm just excited about the game. Rocksteady has done wonders for Batman games, and I hope someday it'll reflect on other superhero games.
My aunt drove a hummer. My aunt is also a cheating bitch. Coincidence? Probably. Related? Probably not. Shitty SUV? Yes. Shitty aunt? Yes.
For me personally my favorites are ES, Dishonored, Wolfenstein, then Fallout and Rage, Wet, and so forth. I dunno, they're super fun and great to play but I like my cities in tact, I like green of skyrim. Everything in Fallout is dreary, which I know is the point of the game of course but it gets kindve depressing
Bend my toes on my right foot. Got in an accident in middle school and lost most of the feeling in my toes
Obligatory edit: thanks for the gold kind gentlesir
Go to /r/books. Puts me right to sleep
Man of Steel. I remember losing my dad. Brings those memories up. I never ever cry, but [this scene is my exception](https://youtu.be/-j7lezDWh4M)
I got my first personal TV when I moved out for college, it had buttons on the top of the television and I mounted it on my wall. Never would've seen them. My family TV doesn't have any at all actually.
I really hope it holds me over until the next real elder scrolls. I love the Fallout games but my real love for Bethesda is in elder scrolls and Rage. And wet. And Dishonored.
Or theyre a right twat, makes everyone hate them, and then we sit and wait for them to let their guard down. Just waiting for Ramsay's day...
Movies? This is just what he does. Sometimes we get it on camera and that is mission impossible
Colin Farell and Vince Vaughn? They're far from crap in their fields of acting, this is a little bit out of both of their elements but I think they can pull it off. 10 years ago everyone thought Matthew M. was just pretty boy but he did some amazing acting in season 1
The first one was until the last line. I binged the rest of the season twice now because of Matt's last line.
It's my high school diploma. Has my name, grad year, high school on it.
Oh no my nerdism is an open book. From the Game of Thrones poster to my San Andreas map
The 99% do their job, go home to their families, live a normal life as good police officers. The 1% are the ones who cause an uproar in the US, as it should be. The unfortunate circumstance is that because of the 1% the entire police force gets blamed, and people like thw chief of police in this circumstance, who is doing the right thing by firing the officer in question, will still be considered a terrible person for being a police officer. It's a thankless job, and that's unfortunate.
Actually, if Damon's character was not around to fuck Scotty's girlfriend, Scotty might never have gone to Europe, and might've stayed in the US with his girlfriend. I would say the plot revolved around Damon
Shit yeah.
Some people are adrenaline junkies. The boost of energy one gets from robbing a bank could be that same rush someone gets from jumping out of an airplane or jumping a skateboard over the great wall of china
No matter what happens, don't let this one sway your choice of getting the next one that comes out or a previous installment. They are all amazing games, but ESO is nothing like the main series. It's basically an MMO that looks like Skyrim
Mandatory 2 ply toilet paper or more law
The Myxozoa. If they all grew to bear size they would flood the earth in their bodies. We would all suffocate.
1995 - either The Usual Suspects or Casino
For me it's Scarface. My first rated R movie. Not my favorite movie, but it was a notable experience to say the least
Knowing which guy has the biggest stick
I'm a phone salesperson at Best Buy and I was distracted half the movie about how there was all that Samsung advertisement, but every character had a white Galaxy S4. You would think Samsung would have hit them up with the S6 Edge like they did for Marvel
Nope, broken phone was actually a Galaxy S4 Blue, a Best Buy exclusive. Source: I sit in a chair 40 hours a week making crap pay selling those things.
For me it's the comidian Jake Johnson. Extremely funny guy, not in much. Seeing him in Jurassic World gives me hope that he'll be in more
I mean Chris Pratt is currently the most famous dinosaur trainer around as of today, but I wish Omar Sy would get a little love too
There's actually none in my area. Nearest one is 40 miles away. Sprint and ATT are near and that's it. I will never work for ATT because they're a terrible company, and as a sprint customer, i don't think you could pay me enough to hear about how bad their service is all day.
Now imagine this mod on a motorcycle, just flying through every car like it was nothing.
It could be a case of nurture over nature. He grew up around his father (against his father's wishes of course), he had to take some of his personality with that. I'm exactly like my step dad when it comes to everything but looks and height, but we aren't related at all
Got drunk, woke up with two girls. Both 6s, which means I had sex with a 12
The shit monster in Conker's Bad Fur Day
Cards against humanity is a good ice breaker
Who cares? I don't get why religion, race, or gender even matters when choosing a leader, just whoever is best suited for the job should get it.
Really just depends on the cat more than the owner. My cat is terrified of the outdoors, but my best friends cat has a little doggy door installed and the cat is inside only to eat
I'd build a kickass gaming computer, then build a mansion around it, then hopefully the rest might possibly cover my student loans.
The Departed, Pulp Fiction, Four Brothers.
Work at Best Buy. I get people (middle eastern mostly) who come in. One of my least favorite things they say: "What kind of deal can I get for this?" "None sir. It's Best Buy, not a fucking pawn shop."
Sprints. I get smooth jazz every. Single. Time.
Fucking Witcher. I'm great at similar games. But i can't play that game for shit.
Taking a shit in every state. 21 so far!
A bunch of subs got deleted, and nobody knows why their first amendment rights don't apply to private corporations
I politely explain it every time but every time it's the same 10 people. Last time i told one of them their price will be the sticker price every time, and to stop asking me to always cut him a deal
When kids started getting participation awards. It's bull shit
Girlfriend was pregnant in high school with a buddies kid. It was a rollercoaster to say the least.
fatpeoplehate," "hamplanethatred," "transfags," "neofag" and "shitniggerssay."
