Haha wow. You literally just murdered their entire team twice over!
Although very rare, there do exist a number of Devil Fruit users whom use their abilities to benefit society instead of using them for combat. Its just that a lot of Devil Fruit owners tend to be combatants because they occur naturally only within the Grand Line where strength is a major requirement. Mansherry's Heal powers come to mind. She's pretty much resolving her entire country's post-disaster first aid problem by herself. Other examples include Kuzan's Ice powers let him build structures to rescue stranded refugees, Magellan's Poison which makes him the perfect (vice) Warden and Ivankov whom uses his Hormone powers to cure people.
I remembered being a bit perplexed when they revealed the epithets of the Four Emperors, and that Charlotte Linlin's was "Big Mom". I wondered what the story behind a title like that could be, since its a bit weird to label a pirate that. I sure as hell didn't expect it to be so literal! A 120+ member family all directly descended from her!? DAMN! She's like OP's version of Genghis Khan!
ROTOM DEX!? AND IT TALKS!? C-can we battle with it? Also Kukui's assistant is super cute too. Hau and Lillie both look to be potentially great Rivals.
Junkrat really made all that happen. Not only dud the mine bounce save the team's Hanzo, but it also made this ridiculous POTG happen.
Yeah. If he wanted his wallhack so badly he should've just played Widowmaker or Hanzo.
The PIN only applies with to one player and everyone else gets knocked away. However if they are unfortunate enough to still get caught between the wall and charging Reinhardt (likely due to very close proximity), they will be squished as well and take the full charge damage. I once got a POTG by using the ult and charging down a Roadhog in Kings Row. The one charge managed to net me 3 eliminations from 80-100%.
No excuses for the Pharah and 76 who decided to jump down from the safety of the higher platform into the freeze field.
Between screwing up an item run on M-Abomasnow's comp and repeated failures to capture Kingdra (finally Great Balled it), I've burned quite a lot of money. Luckily its a rather relaxed week. Does anyone have details on Kingdra's Whirlpool ability? From my experiences its a rather simple "delay for 1 turn" type ability, but seems to feature an alarmingly high proc rate. It triggers frequently on 3-matches, and almost always on a 4-match.
Not quite. Paralyze has a lower trigger rate and has some types immune to it, which limit its effectiveness. Fairy and Electric are two examples of types immune to Paralyze effects (which makes Registeel pretty awful).
Well it goes Double, Triple, Quadruple, Quintuple. Since they normally all rattle off one after another in quick succession (Bastion players should find it familiar), having the massive sound streak end in HEXA KILL probably sounds rather underwhelming.
Considering the mere idea of a caviar flavored hotdog is making me cringe, this is a very apt analogy.
Buggy would probably stand to benefit more from Rokushiki than any other character we've seen to date. Shigan gives practically every small split part significant pierce damage potential and allows for unexpected attack angles (think Bara Bara Carnival with that) Geppou lets his feet fly, expanding his area of effect to greater ranges. Rankyaku would be fantastic when combined with his weird kicking angles (Bara Bara Senbei would be really interesting.) Soru makes him really slippery and difficult to pin down. Kami-e is the kicker. Paper physics would amp up his dodging ability like mad, making his individual parts act super weirdly and making fighting him the equivalent of attempting to punch a cloud of floating scrap paper. The only useless one is Tekkai, but that's more due to how Buggy's Fruit has insane potential as a dodging type fighter that can attack from super weird angles. Even then it has use as Buggy's independently floating parts bypass Tekkai's drawback of being incapable of moving, allowing him to harden his body parts for harder strikes.
Inferno Cop is here!? And he's not being used for zany comedy!? He's actually giving serious, plot relevant advice and counseling? This is madness!
I think the biggest problem isn't that its bad, but more than its a bit dull and decidedly average. And Ace Attorney being dull is the absolute last thing it should be, considering this is the game where you can cross examine a parrot. The biggest issue is the competition. The current season is full of zany, absurd anime (Space Patrol Luluco, Sakamoto), highly stylistic action (My Hero Academy, Kabeneri), character focused pieces (Kiznaiver) and "so bad its entertaining" works (Lost Village, Hundred) that Ace Attorney just ends up without any niche. The plot has literally been around for 15 years, and since its a direct adaptation there aren't any of the shocking twists and swerves that endeared us to the series in the first place. The result is that AA fans lose interest in it because they already know what's going to happen, and that non-fans won't take interest because there's a massive wealth of other unique shows this season that AA ends up being slightly forgettable.
FOR SCIENCE!
Praise Anarchy.
Isn't there a cap on the coins you can earn though? It may not be worthwhile for mobile players.
Out of curiosity, doesn't that mean slugging your guy in the stomach pretty much disables him for quite a while? Your Quirk doesn't specify physical enhancements.
Yep! Big One Piece fan here, and I loved Bellamy's Bane Bane Fruit powers, though I felt he underutilized its potential in many ways. However, I took inspiration from a myriad of other sources to further develop the power; Hitmonlee's limbs in Pokemon, Mario's Spring powerup in Galaxy (for terrain traversal), Luffy himself when it comes to force absorption and a healthy dose of physics. Springs can pack a shocking punch to them, on account of being massive force multipliers. It feels like a very simple power that manages to be similarly flashy and powerful, and I designed it similar to Iida Tenya's Engine in that it's a power you can realistically see used by a pro hero in the manga.
This is a really cool idea! I can actually see someone like this running around in U.A, and sounds like it'd make for a rather creative power too.
What an interesting idea. He's like Emporio Ivankov from One Piece. He's probably really confusing to be around though, since figuring out what pronoun to call gender-changed people can be difficult sometimes (speaking from personal experience with my friend's... sibling). What other pheremones can be generated beyond these types?
He's like Hagakure in a weird way. He's great at disguises and can be very difficult to find on short notice.
Considering we already have precedent for rock powers in the manga (Pixiebob's Flowstone) I'm surprised you are the first to think of it here. Elaborate more on the disadvantages, limitations, strengths and applications of the Quirk? More details the better, since it gives the OP a better idea of how you'd fight.
In terms of Quirk, definitely since he is capable of absorbing blows and negating forces. However, remember that many other factors are present in a fight and that having a stronger Quirk doesn't guarantee a win. Remember how Stain took down Todoroki super easily despite the latter having an advantage? Also notice how both OCs powers apply only to their limbs. Central body's fair game, which is a really big target. You can bet that's where they'll be aiming for in a slug-out.
Truly this was the end of an era. The Villain Alliance may have lost its leader, but they achieved their goal; killing All Might, Symbol of Peace. Shigaraki and Midoriya are now the succeeding generation. Also notice how Iida's still wearing the silly fake mustache. And nobody is paying any attention to it.
Notice Iida is still wearing his silly fake disguise mustache for no real reason. Even funnier how everyone treats it like normal.
A really cool idea to be honest. Unique in many ways with well defined strengths and weaknesses. Only thing I would reconsider is changing Undead to Zombie, since I feel it fits the Quirk better, but that's me being subjective.
Kaio-what?
Damn, Tsukauchi's design here looks way better than the boring suit and tie he was introduced with. He looks like the protagonist of a detective novel here!
The most exciting thing in a battle royale is seeing the wide variety of potential abilities people can come up with. Variety is the spice of life, and it'd be a bit dull if we ended up having too many similar Quirks fighting each other. Unless we get something like Kirishima vs Tetsutetsu. Then its funny.
Definitely seeing the parallels between Aizawa and Shinsou. I recall Aizawa himself criticizing the entrance exam for heavily favoring battle Quirks and causing other very useful abilities to fall through the cracks. Brainwash is very much on par with Eraser in many ways. Could certainly see Shinsou succeeding him in the next generation.
Perfect xD
Ah, perhaps 'energy' wasn't the best term for it then. Basically what I meant was that elemental abilities have a tendency to be rather boring, since many moves tend to devolve to "elemental beam fights". Kaminari's inability to shoot lightning actually makes him more interesting that way, since that's kinda cliche for electric ability users in most media. His ability to function as a human stun gun makes his ability more realistic and understandable, as well as giving us a realistic limit and expectation of his powers since this is how electric eels work in real life. Whereas if he was able to throw lightning then physics and nonsense get thrown out the window. This is probably the reason why I dislike Aoyama's Navel Laser, since nothing about it makes sense. But considering nobody can make sense of Aoyama, it ends up being more funny than illogical.
Perhaps you can FIGHT FOR JUSTICE in the next competition.
Yeah, things like that help make everything make more sense. Considering how your Quirk is extremely complex in operation, giving as much detail as possible would be of a great help in the event you get chosen. Perhaps you should specify an overload issue? The issue of focus should also be greatly elaborated on; say he catches a fist and starts slowing down the impact, what would happen if he suddenly gets kicked between the legs? In an overly prolonged fight, focus would be a potential issue since accumulated damage and fatigue would start wearing down on his concentration.
The springs are a type of muscle, meaning they can be manually contracted back into their original shape. Relaxing them a lot can probably cause his arms and legs to slinky out though. Over exhaustion can also lead to his springs losing power and their compact form, but since they are natural muscles, they will eventually repair themselves given sufficient recovery time.
Very... bizarre. The pacing of everything so far fits the track of the last two episodes being used for the climax fight of the USJ Arc and subsequent aftermath. No idea what a 14th episode could possibly be used for except non-canon shenanigans.
My favorite bit about all this is how the Genji just faceplants forward and slides across the roof.
I wouldn't mind, but I can't seem to find the profile. It seems to be buried underneath the pile of other submissions... Maybe copy paste it in a PM?
My Japanese is not proficient enough for a proper translation, but I have a general gist of it. I believe he's talking about the source of inspiration behind the manga. In particular he references Spider Man and Batman as big sources of inspiration in designing Midoriya. Also he sounds really excited in general judging from his tone throughout the dialogue.
I would be down for Burning Blood 2: Dressrosa edition if it means we get playable Senor Pink. Though this would also imply playable Rebecca, who would be rather dull.
Shellder spawns coins (Stage starts with two. Every 3 turns, it spawns 2 Shellder icons and a single coin) and Cloyster gives 100 exp. Gives us incentive to play for more than to hunt Shinies. Next week's competition is M-Gyarados. They highly recommend Raikou for some reason, so recommend bringing it with you into the Safari to level it on Cloyster.
Oh is that the case? I wasn't aware. Then that means I can gleefully murder Lando-T with no need to hold back then!
I derped out and forgot to pack a proper team. Hell, I haven't even captured this damn thing yet. My planned team is M-Gengar, Mamoswine, Zekrom and maybe Magnezone.
I'm considering giving to AngryChu for Super Bolt. That ability is nuts, so boosting its trigger rate would be nice.
Its dodgy proc rate makes it kinda iffy personally. Angrychu's proc rate isn't too good either granted, but it has a MUCH better payoff for what it gives. Add into the fact that its rather poor for Sky Blast teams (since you'll prioritize the Sky Blast match), means I can't really see myself using this thing. It probably has niche use in some stages with low HP/moves and Experts though.
I personally feel Penn has the advantage in this. While Jett has superior mobility and power, the very closely clustered buildings, narrow alleyways and assorted tight spaces means he pretty much has no means of using most of his tools. There is also the fact that a lot of Jett's ability's are AOE, and even one flaming feather is likely to cause a blaze from all the vegetation, meaning he has a very high potential for collateral damage. Penn most likely has the advantage due to his Quirk. A big part of Phoenix Feather's power is from heat, but glass is practically immune to that. Considering that glass needs to be handled in a high power furnace to even SOFTEN (not melt. Glass doesn't melt), I sincerely doubt Phoenix Feather can generate enough to affect him, meaning Jett has to resort to physical force to fight, an area he is woefully lacking in. All Penn needs to do is land a good chunk of glass in Jett, and his flight will be shut down. Terrain plays a major role in this. If the fight is in an open area, Jet has the advantage. If its close and in confined quarters, Penn overwhelms him. Considering how Penn has the higher Intelligence (5 vs Jet's 3), I'm certain he's smart enough to realize the terrain factor and stay indoors or try to bait Jet into a confined space. **Glass can only be molded at very high temperatures. It completely melts/liquifies at approximately *1400 °C to 1600 °C* depending on the composition of glass. Glass is made from a variety of substances, depending on the intent of use. Mostly sand, lime and soda are what most glasses are made of. There are many types of glasses ex, bulletproof, tempered, tinted, stained, etc.** **Melting is the process where a solid becomes a liquid (ex. ice melts to water) which is more or less abrupt.You see glass doesn't actually melt persay. Rather it goes through a glass phase transition. Meaning that when it comes to glass "melting"it's a more gradual process. It doesn't melt but it keeps on softening until it can sort of flow wherefore we can be able to mold it into whatever shape we desire.** Unless Jett can generate over 1000 celsius of heat (in which case his collateral damage is insane), Penn is unaffected by fire. Unless he opts to resort to physical blows, Jett has zero way of hurting Penn. Source of above quote: http://hypertextbook.com/facts/2002/SaiLee.shtml
Flying like a jet is impressive, but kinda useless in this case considering how small the town is. Go anywhere near that top speed and you'd have flown out of bounds. Also considering how your dealing with confined spaces, going too fast means you'll be likely to fly into a wall even when factoring a bird's above average reactions. Also bird reactions aren't too great. I've seen a lot of birds die from flying into walls and windows (and once a ceiling fan. That wasn't pretty...)
Highly unlikely to affect Penn's glass, even at full force. Remember, its a feather. No matter how hard its thrown, you can't expect a feather to do damage, especially upon a hard surface like glass. The idea of a feather shattering glass is kinda weird. The only dangerous property of them is that they're on fire, and so should be viewed as more of a mini-fireball than an actual physical ranged attack. And considering how glass has a very high melting point that conventional fire cannot reach, Penn is pretty much immune to all of Jet's feather shots and fire based moves.
