Maybe it is correct?
Roland was the coolest dude on the planet....
Gaige is one of the two most OP characters in the game. Who the hell told you that she wasn't great solo? My gods she has a 8 ft floating mech to work with.
The game came out almost 7 years ago and you still haven't finished it. Probably even bought a used copy of the GOTY edition. I seriously doubt you are the demographic that they are aiming at....
Doesn't dance. Wouldn't buy.
Isn't over simplification cute?
So black people are just burned white people?
Jenny is putting things in her cooter.
Wait....you've seen the movie 100+ times and think that Ruby Rhod is Chris Rock? You are the most unobservant person I have ever met.
I don't know. You're the one that whipped out the racist card. Do you think you are a racist?
There is actually a name for this: [Megatsunami](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megatsunami)
Hey kids you wanna see some sweet pics that have been reposted on here at least a couple dozen times before? FTFY
Duke Nukem
I will never understand the need to post or read these posts. Basically it comes down to, "Look, I bought things"
Okay, how about I wish death on the owners that have taken this poor retarded creature and done everything they can to milk her deformities for their own profit?
I wander why?
Corgis rule. Other dogs drool.
Guess you never heard of the red ring of death.
Child learns nothing from this.
I'd love to use Brick to punch everyone off the moon.
Not seeing a big market for this unless it can be configured for gaming
Wasn't that sort of a given?
They had a problem running Fallout 3 on the PS3. Why would anyone think they were going to deal with the memory issues they had with that game for FO4?
They had enough problems getting FO3 working on the PS3? WTF would anyone think that FO4 is going to be on it?
Dude it isn't your fault. Just blame /r/pcmasterrace
The problem isn't how much RAM it had, it is how it was broken down. Both the Xbox 360 and PS3 have 512MB of RAM, but where Xbox 360 just has a huge chunk of it for everything, the PS3 split it 50/50 between Graphics and Processing. Where they fell short is that they should have probably put more in the Processing and less in the Graphics. More like a modern computer. This split is why in the later stages of the cycle of the PS3 the Graphics were actually better than the Xbox 360 because in house designers like Naughty Dog showed people how to maximize the the Graphics RAM. Meanwhile Bethesda didn't care about that, they just tried to shoe-horn the game into the remaining 256MB of Processing RAM and caused all of the problems.
Great. The Flash just effed up your pizza.
It never ceases to amaze me the amount of stupidity in these posts. 'Too' much air? Really? Actually it is mostly pure nitrogen. Also, if the nitrogen wasn't in there the chips would break and get crushed in transit. So I would say that while it does have nitrogen it it, it isn't 'too' much for the task required.
You're an idiot.
Don't even try. This is another one of those facts that the reddit circle jerk just can't understand.
No it doesn't. Chips are sold by weight, not volume. More chips equal more weight so more cost. Unless the packaging becomes a problem, greater volume doesn't increase cost.
The argument is that the stunt was about if there is 'too' much 'air' in the bags. Everyone agrees that there is a gas in the bags, nitrogen, but to say that it is 'too' much is just stupid. First, chips are sold by weight, not volume. So the added air means nothing to the cost. Second, if you didn't have the nitrogen in there, then the chips would be broken and crushed in transit. That is why crisps like Pringles have to be made out of potato mash and then shaped to so they stack in transit. Finally, it isn't 'air', it's nitrogen. The nitrogen is there to keep freshness which means they don't have to put more preservative into the chips. So stating that there is 'too much air' in the bags just means that you are too stupid/lazy to actually know why something is done the way it is done.
So basically you're saying that Koreans are too stupid to check to make sure they are buying by weight and not volume.
That isn't what I asked there skippy. Just look at a bag and tell me.
Labyrinth did it better.
Damn you are a fucking moron. One simple question and you turn it into an argument. Sorry if my original question was asking for a little education about how food is actually sold in your backassward country. Remember, you caused this by. I just wanted to learn something about your culture. Fuckwad.
Don't. Buy. The. Product. Or are you such little children that your country has to hold your hand all the time.
Yea, this from a fucking idiot that can't even follow one simple request to help another person understand the issue. Just wants to sit there and whine like some punk. "Oh please daddy government. Protect me. I am just a simple farmer and can't be expected to take care of myself." whine whine whine.
Go ahead. Lay your head down. Knowing that you don't need to think because your government is looking out for all of your pathetic little needs.
Yea like assholes like you don't label an entire country of 400 million all the shit you label us. Please go fuck yourself.
No healthcare. You fucking idiot.
I thought it was way past your bed time. You know so you can get up and go to your WoW gold farming job.
tl;dr: Past your bed time child.
Seek help.
This is the stupidest shit on the planet.
Look at this skippy: http://www.target.com/p/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-playstation-4/-/A-15177872#prodSlot=medium_1_1&amp;term=witcher+3 Not only did I get to wait until they patched the one thing that was going to annoy the hell out of me but I can now buy it for $18 off.
Corgis rule and other dogs drool.
It never ceases to amaze me the amount of stupidity that surrounds what people 'believe' they know about this breed.
I can't count out Abbrederis because I saw him play in college and he just has this way about him that makes me think he is going to be great in the pros.
The real question is: Is he willing to take a pay cut so that the Ravens will keep him, since we all know that he was WAY over paid on his last contract?
