Only if batman gets preptime
Same as an elevator
That is a very good question, that maybe deserves its own thread. Im on it!
^^^Hail ^^^Satan *Blink* ^^^Hail ^^^Satan *Blink* ^^^Hail ^^^Satan
*Reality check,* *Reality check,* *Reality check*
But, but plasma!
I dont think dirt roads develop potholes or washbording if there are no water/rains. The road between the settlements would not be hard to substian, the rest wasnt much of a road. The raiders in the caynon probably kept that road clear. It was my understanding that the leaders of gastown and bulletfarm where Joes brothers, and he was the oldest and therefor ruled them all. They didnt seem super loyal, be he had the only know large source of water around. The bikers with have a underground in a cave somewhere. It seemed like not many solarcells survived the fall, and they couldnt make new ones
yeah, its more the ring of (inner) fire
Compare the center of the galaxy, and you will see that the maps have the same "north", while terra is in the "south" in the old maps and in the "west" in the new maps
Flash can reach lightspeed by himself mostly, add superman to that, and all the speed he got from the other speedster (who came from a race of energy beings who were all speedsters, who gave that speedster all their speed) and flash had a lot of speed to work with. 7 billion humans, superman, the other guys planet and all their speed.
probably their zombies
Pain is greater then plesure. Even the greatest orgasm is nothing to the feeling when the flesh sings. With that said, the fact that his human side was freed did change him
Later versions of him could remove these problems with the speed force iirc. He can choose if he wants to expeirence relatistic effects.
Our universe have been destroyed by an incursion. :/
every zombie ate galactus
Well, this beats my fanfiction!
Thats very much breaking the 4th wall.
Yeah, its not like a jedi should just lie down. "oh no, i lost my defensive weapon, i cant just use that blaster that is right beside me, thats a offensive weapon. huh, seems like will just die then"
&gt;They were just writing books to get paid. Aint that kinda the opposite of fanfiction? Having the owners permission to write it. Fanfiction is when you just write what you want, a unautorized fan writing their own fiction in the setting, aka fanfiction.
read the rules pal, you keep breaking the 4th wall to much. If you cant keep in universe, then this is not the sub for you
OP did kinda ask a 4th wall question, this is not the sub for this. When the entire question is 4th wall breaking, its not really any use to hold hard on that rule
&gt;Cyberdyne couldn't have developed the processor for Skynet without the Terminators' (1984) death after finding his parts in the factory. Why not? What makes you say that? Ofcourse they did, casue evidently, they did! Just casue some developer said it dont make it true. Also the parts he got from the terminator was from the future, after Skynet had upgraded itself a lot, so its not the same as the first time. The one he developed with the help of the scrap parts was probably more advanced then the orignal one. He couldnt develop the one he did with the parts without having the parts in the first place, but he did develop a similar one without the parts the first time around. Let me make into a real world historical example. Say you timetraveled and forgott your smartphone in alan turings house. Now, he finds this, with help of it, develops a very basic smartphone. He can now truthfully say "i could never have doen that without that timetravelers smartphone", becasue without the smartphone, he never did. But he did develop the predissesor for it, the first computer. Same here. Without the processor, the one he made was not as advanced. With it, he was able to make a new, more advanced, that he would never have been able to do before, without the terminator. The first time they did it themselfs, just that the second time, when they had the parts, it was only easier.
Ok
You can, and you are allowed to break the 4th wall if you are providing sources, discussion canon or invoking the word of god. What are not allowed to do is say stuff like "cause the author forgott" or awnser a question about if the ET universe is connected with the star wars universe with "Its just a easter egg". What you could have said, and would probably have been allowed, is if you taggad it as 4th wall breaking, And said something along the line with "(4th wall breaking) Its just a easter egg, its not canon. Just a nod to Steven from lucas.Lucas said so." Note: i dont know if its canon or not, just a example, as your current awnser is both against the rules of the sub, may be false, doesnt provide a source nor explaining why you broke the 4th wall, may be you just saying it casue you think these people are silly or stupid nerds trying to find a connection where its obviously just a ester egg. Im not saying you are a asshole, im just saying i have seen that happen.
Yeah, but even then you need to get rid of *a lot* of ice in order to make in the same shape as the wall. Even if the glacier is the same height, it will be much juch wider, and not have as steep sides. You will need to remove a lot of material to get it wall shaped, and by then it would almost be easier to just build the wall bottom up.
If they made less money there, they could travel to that other place in a few seconds.
Not hold back vs Horus, and the most important moment in Imperial history would have changed. If his first reaction upon seeing horus on that ship would be to blast his soul apart directly, then he could just teleport back down again, and the imperium would have a leader for the next 10 000 years. Or keep a tighter hold on the primarchs, being more open to them
I think its more that he just lets go of the hammer, stops summoning it mid air, so its momentum keeps going. To awnser ops question, it would probably start going in a circle to catch up to his hand.
Can we really get someone who have watched twilight to this sub? Is that possible?
The second layer of matrix is just a fan theory, [and here is why its wrong](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskScienceFiction/comments/38dekk/matrix_when_neo_said_i_know_kung_fu_after_loading/crumj0r) Zion was a second layer of control, not a second layer of the matrix. The Architect explained how people had been disconnected from the matrix due to the fact that they had rejected it. The first zion was probably a human city that had survivedm, and they saved the first rejected. Then the machines took control of it and used ot in their way of controling the rejected. People reject the matrix, wakes up, is taken to zion, this goes on untill the numbers of reject reach critical numbers and the matrix is in danger. Then the one shows up, goes to the source, restart the matrix, the machines kill everyone in zion, and the one chose 23 humans to repopulate it, and start the whole thing over again. It wasnt that the rebellions arose on their own, they were aided by the machines, that were the Architects whole point! Neo has those powers in the real world since he is like 50% cyborg, he has implants everywhere. He basicly shut those robots wirelessly, hacked their wifi if you will. Those who escaped the matrix didnt survive on their own, they always had someone to help them.
And he is probably slightly colorblind as well, so all the colorful phonecalls just blended into the background, making them invisible to him. What a pitty. All that power, and yet he cant see peoples phonecalls.
Vibraium is not as super as it is in the comics, it does not cancel out 100% of the kinetc energy in the mcu, and it seems like it does that only if they hit it dead center. Hit it from the side and plasma and bullets will bounce, but it still wont hurt the sheild. But its not indistructable, as we see in AoU
This is painfully shitty
/r/SWARJE needs this
/r/AyyLmao
*Time is not a straight line, its a web*
The calculation you linked didnt take alderaans planetary sheild into account, which is one of the best in the galaxy. But we dont know how much that would change
yeah, their orbitral weaponry is very exact, as seen with the laser in avp. From high orbit they manage top hit their target at a exact 30^o angle at the perfect place
Why would fox have the rights for Skrulls, are they gonna be in a future FF movie?
/r/noisygifs
To be fair, we did make a frisbee
When your entire race is dedicated to war and collecting biomass, you dont waste shit like that
yeah, their waste is their ammo
This is also very important, hell, they even trick him that Aragorn has the ring, and he knows that he wont be able to resist it forever, and that he is marching against him. Even if he for some reason had guards there before, he would send them to the gate, becasue, the end game was there
The nine can be killed, but iirc, every ~~mortal~~ non-magical weapon that struck them disnitigrated, making them bloody hard to kill. Or maybe that was only the witchking? EDIT changed the word, also what happend to the non-downvote rule?
It probably is, but since the timelords are so far beyond us in their understanding of time, its probable that we wouldnt understand even if he told us
I think that he just designed the training, and only personally trained commandos or ARC troopers
It was my understanding that Drogo would honor their deal, but not untill his son had been born, or maybe even grown up
Oh, missread your comment, my misstake
&gt; He stuck the Codex inside Kal-El so that the potential of billions of Kryptonians would live in his descendants. Oh so that was what that did
