Absolutely. Hooked me on reading again after a decade or so hiatus. Blew through the whole Silo series in fact.
Wow. She sounds like a two year old testing your boundaries. This does not bode well for cohabiting my friend.
After reading the comments, regardless of fault, one perspective I haven't seen mentioned (I don't think,) and possibly the reason she's still with you - she's fine in a relationship without kids. Right now she's got exactly what she wants. In this particular situation, I'm sorry to say, it's going to have to be you to do the dumpin' if you want crumb-snatchers that bad.
Why so concerned with what she was doing when she wasn't "with" you? Doesn't really seem relevant imo.
Money vs. no money. Whether it's "enough" or not is irrelevant in this particular situation. You take any job if you don't have a job and need money, then you look for a better job. Seems like you need to boot her in order for her to get motivated / educated to this reality. Sounds like she's quite content being supported for... 3 years now! Oh yeah. Pig in mud. Hell, I'll move in with you if you'll support me! I don't even have a baby!! ;P Bottom line though, you don't want to be with her - so, she needs to go. Since you do care about her though, maybe talk to her about this and give her a couple of months warning before the cutoff? Another poster mentioned speaking with a lawyer - after supporting her and her child and living with her for so long, there may indeed be grounds for support - I have zero experience in this, but it may be worth researching in regards to your locale.
Definite insecurity issues there. Maybe some hints of crazy - tread carefully. That was part of your life. There's nothing wrong imo with having simple pictures of an ex (nudes may be a bit more touchy). You shouldn't have to convince her. I believe pretty much everybody has pics of an ex. Hell, I've had a couple of framed pics of a couple of ex's out for years and maintained a great relationship for a year + with a woman. I never speak with them anymore, but they are responsible for who I am today &amp; taught me some important lessons in life that I'm reminded of when looking at them. She asked who they were once, I explained, and that was the end of that - continue great relationship! (in hindsight, maybe having them out in frames is indeed a bit much - she sure didn't give two shits though)
Ha! The '14 senior motto was "Excelsior".
Sounds like there's some enabling there. Possibly some growing up that needs to be done. Taking you for granted maybe. edit: oh, you added all the diagnoses (ADHD et al). I am not one who was made or trained to deal with that symphony of insanity. Sounds like he's still got a ways to go with fixing all that. You know that saying - you can't make somebody else happy unless you can make yourself happy (or something to that effect). Seems like he's not *quiiiite* there.
Dude. When she gets back, sneak into her change purse, &amp; get those nads back. Sounds like she thinks the ring's already on her finger. You're 21!? I think you should see other people (that are old enough to go out as well) &amp; have some friggin' fun while you're young! Let her waste her youth at home with no friends (?) doing... whatever.
Eh, sry hun. Sounds like this one's done. People change. People change their minds. Sounds like you actually want someone different as well (he's a heavy gamer - sounds like you're not, you want to do stuff - doesn't sound like he likes doing stuff). Quickie outside view - cut your losses, find somebody who doesn't game as much and enjoys doing stuff! (&amp; the texting thing, when in an agreeable relationship with a girl - I certainly make it a point to *not* text females frequently, attractive or not, frequently - I mean, wtf? Maybe I'm old fashioned.) Edit: words
Ugh - serial monogamist myself. Sux huh?! Is there a future time period (a specific date maybe?) that you'll be able to spend more time with him? There's no way you can *make* more time for him? Once a week does seem a bit slim (to me anyway - had a long distance relationship where we'd get together for weekends about once every two weeks). He just needs more than you apparently have available right now. I ceased dating a girl fairly recently for the same reason (well, the main reason) - haven't dated since, but definitely happier and back on the prowl.
As a straight guy, the best rejection EVER is... "oh... sorry... I'm actually a lesbian." I mean... she's not even attracted to your entire gender!! It's literally nothing "wrong" with you. I say go for it.
Just read the tldr... it's ok to get over an ex. (?)
You went through his phone without his permission after dating him for a month. Regardless of what you found... something ain't right here.
Wow... the one girl you've slept with gets to sleep with somebody else. Pretty sure I'd be more concerned (if you end up staying with her,) about the resentment in the future of YOU not getting to sleep with anybody else. I'm a horndog though. Hope she's ready to be in the doghouse for a long time. Also... 7 years, and just now discussing marriage? Seems odd.
Ah duh. You are correct, that is not crazy.
With moondoggie on this one - women initiating is HAWT. Seems like he just needs a little direction. Throw a spark of confidence his way, maybe it'll set his manliness ablaze! (lol?)
If you're married, why is he going out with "female friends" (even if there are other people there)? If I were married, *especially* if I'd cheated, my utmost concern - if I wanted to retain my marriage, would be not to make my wife feel uncomfortable or suspicious of me in any way. If my theoretical wife was always hanging out with "guy friends" without me I'd probably be a wreck too. Meh - I'm old fashioned. Perhaps he doesn't know it makes you feel this way? May be time for some couples counseling.
Sounds like you're the one who isn't happy. You want a girlfriend that has time for you and isn't a stoner. Seems fairly reasonable. If she's not willing to put in some effort to free up some time between work and weed for you, I see no end to your plight.
Can't believe this isn't higher. The most emotionally draining movie I've seen in a long time. (course, long time SW fan)
Indeed. Sounds like a giant pain in the ass. (TLDR - don't book via 3rd party.)
Indeed. I would personally still afford my parents a large amount of leeway / say-so in my life if still (even partially) depending on them for financial support / shelter.
You likely have her past experience to thank for her rocking your world. ;P
&gt;I am so afraid that she will come here and I personally will be like, "no I don't want this, it was a mistake" and I don't want her to fly all that way for nothing. Uh... so tell her not to come?
How can this situation even come up? If I were considering dating one of my friends ex's.... I'd fucking ask?! "Hey, would it bother you if I dated /u/S3MC? Oh no? Not cool? I completely understand man. No worries bud."
&gt;I'm just a little miffed that it didn't work out. Ugh... I know. I feel you. Different situation, but still communicate with an ex that is nearly perfect in every way... but I'm just not attracted to her like I was at the start (not her fault at all - &amp; she didn't change, but I did - plus it was long distance anyway), but yeah... pretty upset that I apparently can't "pick" her. Stuff just doesn't work out sometimes, but hey - makes us who we are, &amp; oh that wisdom... that glorious glorious wisdom. Worth it's weight in gold. It's good to question what (&amp; who!) you want out of a relationship. Don't ever stop.
Right?! I mean... I pretty much forgot there was missionary &amp; on top!!
Gotcha. Absolutely. Nothing wrong with getting other perspectives! Especially with a decision of this gravity. You've proved yourself wise, capable and intelligent already and will make a good decision. Regardless of that decision, these kids have a great aunt. Keep that bit up! ;)
Ugh. Terrible luck in relationships. Maybe a bad "picker"? While I do believe men are innately predisposed to "spreading seed", I think the majority of us are able to overcome that primal urge and see the benefits of monogamy. I "cheated" once on a girl I was dating, we hadn't even really had the "exclusive" conversation yet, but I still felt like it was wrong in my head. Ended that relationship after a bit, but have certainly never even come close otherwise because I remember what that felt like. Also been cheated on as well. No fun. Hang in there. Plenty of monogamous guys out there. After a bit of a problem with trusting from wife cheating / divorce - came to the conclusion that you have to trust them until they betray that trust. Can't live life not trusting. Not really anyway. But yes, as a man, a happy monogamous relationship is one of my life goals. :)
Would it hurt to give it a shot? Good paying jobs ain't exactly growin' on tree's these days. Sure, be skeptical! But go see if they've changed. You're probably a sure hire from past experience / references I'd imagine. That's fairly tough to come by. Don't like it? Meh- start trying to find something else while you're working there.
Wha? Didn't "think you were worth it"? They said that or that's something you assumed? Seems like there's definitely something you're not telling us here.
I'm so sorry this has happened to you. Was in a scarily similar situation. Suggested counseling, was informed it was "too late" at almost the same point you're at - maybe it'll work for you. Also, this is not your fault. She's been cheating on you and you're headed for divorce. I hope you had a prenup.
Couples counseling seems a bit extreme for a couple of 20 year olds who have been together for six months.
Hmmm... I think it's time to pry a bit - and this simply boils down to communication really. You expressed yourself really well through this comment - maybe base a "line of questioning" on it (or hell, show it to him!) You're super awesome for being so respectful and patient with this guy, but yep - you're a woman with needs. Virginity is a big deal, but it ain't (imo) THAT big a deal. Plus, he's 19, seems like it's time to get on with the gettin' on. No sexually mature woman of your age should be without tha good luvin's. If he's unwilling to provide that (or much less communicate his reasoning why), it may be time to throw in the towel. I, personally, wouldn't entertain the surrogate partner. Move on before you throw more variables into this complex equation.
Well, sure, I suppose it's technically *always* a viable option, but if they're already having sexual compatibility and communication problems six months in... that's a pretty big sign that there's something underlying that no counseling is going to fix in the long run. Have you ever heard of a twenty year old couple that's been together six months going to couples counseling?!
!!! &gt;OP didn't mention anything about communication problems... &gt;It doesn't sound as though either of them have made an effort to talk about it. Is this thing on? ;)
He's not a female virgin though. He's a 19 year old man that's been getting blow jobs and hand jobs from a 24 year old woman for a year now, while encouraging her to have sex with someone else instead of losing his "virginity". Perhaps she might respect his decision more if she knew why? I sure as hell would (if I knew why). My sincere apologies if I offended you with my "gross" comment.
&gt;and refused to perform oral sex Guy here, that seems like a deal breaker in itself. (doubly so for micropenis - that guy's doomed at this pace)
Thanks so much. Yep! Years ago, good now. :) Hang in there. You'll make a good decision. As a wise woman I know always says, "it'll all work out." ;)
I'd suggest reading "Ready Player One". (he should *love* that one) Also, it just doesn't seem like either of you have a lot in common. I generally find that pretty important in relationships. Not sure what you pictured yourselves doing when you envisioned your whole lives together. Regardless, it doesn't really seem like there's much you enjoy doing together. These are all things either you like doing, or he likes doing, and the other is being forced to do. Maybe have a talk with him about finding new things you both enjoy. Though, if he's not willing to give up some of his time (3 hours?! rly?) to do those, and actively work on a relationship with a woman... not much point.
&gt; (COmpress-DECompress) Holy. Shit. Was in pro-A/V for years, currently just a video/audiophile. Literally never knew that's what that meant. Knew what it was... just not the breakdown. The blatantly obvious crap that you (/I?) miss sometimes is hilarious.
Captain Phasma. J.J. has stated she'll be back. Wookieepedia re: armor... &gt;Phasma wore armor coated in chromium salvaged from a Naboo yacht once owned by the Galactic Empire's Emperor Palpatine. Its polished finish helped reflect harmful radiation, although the chromium served primarily as a symbol of past power.
Where do you see Harrison Ford? He doesn't appear in these photos. Wouldn't doubt it though. Seriously fucked up his leg filming (broken in two places, dislocated ankle, etc.) (also messed up other leg during emergency landing in his plane)
Ya, mostly 35mm. (Some IMAX, not sure if digital).
I can't imagine why.
Uh... "knowing is half the battle"?! ffs
*in front of friends!
Brilliant idea. Hell, even a non-acquaintance fireman would be more than happy to pay her a visit I'd imagine. One less person to worry about when they have to mobilize!
Sounds like there may be some real depression in there as well. Might mention that.
Negative (for the U.S.). We're taxed on the gallon, not the price. (US$0.49/gal avg.)
