i dont even know what to say to this. your over thinking things.
So good ROFL! Barry is a legend!
Its the same as every other girl on Twitter. I dont see why your obsessed with hating her.
Its been confirmed before that this isnt her.
i really really doubt she has implants.
Kers is as real as they come. Nothing fake about him
inb4 "what do you mean 'they'?" i mean friends, u racists LUL
totally agree. showing a little leg isnt going wild.
https://clips.twitch.tv/watchmeblink1/ExuberantGullJKanStyle
the text-to-speech on Kripps stream makes it alot more enjoyable.
Why would they release a patch the day they get back from vacation? It wasnt finished before they left.
Sorry you dont understand how US holidays work for big companys. They were definetly off for 2 weeks, just like they are every single year. 12 years later, people still dont recognize patterns in how Blizzard works.
pretty sure a girl could walk by Reckful, say "hi" and you guys would call her a leech.
how is this about reckful?
could use more context to this...
Hes not wrong.
Even I didnt realize what it was until he figured it out, lol.
It blows my mind that Sony didnt realize this would happen in the first place. When I heard Mitch &amp; Sony moving in together, I knew immediatly it wouldnt last more than a month or 2. Its SO well known that Mitch lives that messy rat lifestyle. He wasnt going to change.
OMG WTF DID I MISS!? Gotta watch the VoD tonight. Kreygasm
didnt even have to burp after PogChamp
My thoughts exactly. Half of the posts in this subreddit are just normal pictures lately.
This is gonna be good for the Lakers. Give it more time people, its gonna make sense in the end.
While Im fine with the trade, I feel bad that he has to leave sunny Cali for Brooklyn &amp; a team that doesnt look to be getting better anytime soon.
I cant believe how many Laker fans are overreacting &amp; already turning on Magic/Rob. There are so many pieces to the puzzle that have to be moved around. The Russell trade was only 1 piece. Give them time to create.
No. I hope they never do this awards show again unless they fit it in between the end of the regular season and the start of the playoffs, which probably wouldnt happen.
I thought it was a great move. I never realized how many Lakers fans feel in love with him until I came to this subreddit.
omg, Phil you make my head hurt.
Overthinking it. Guys just having fun before the big moment.
Sore losers.
Have fun with that dumpster fire team.
i like how Brooklyn fans think they get him, lol
All that &amp; its not even July 1st yet, when the real fun starts. Magic/Rob doing exactly what theyre supposed to so far. No idea what anybody could be mad about.
I hope so. Weve had so many draft picks the last few years and no ROTY yet.
No suprise &amp; no thank you.
I dont see this as a shot. It was clear, to me at least, he wasnt a leader.
Totally agree.
Uncalled for.
Probably next week.
Hes probably just trolling you guys since you overreact to every tweet.
The last tweet (crying laughing emote) just tells me hes laughing at everybody overreacting to every tweet he sends out.
They are doing great. I love to hear how hard they are working. The only people mad are the ones that have DLO posters all over their room lol
nobody is gonna be looking for a fidget spinner here.
lmao
they broke up like 2 weeks ago &amp; there are still new topics popping up everyday. If you hate somebody so much, why are you tracking their every move? I dont get it.
omg, Larry got robbed. Just look at these comments! Come on!
Dude Im pissed. That was clearly Nance.
Oladipo must know some Russian hackers.
I just noticed this too. Sure looks like it.
I heard sometime next month (July).
This is way overdue. I cant believe they put up with his shit for this long. Even with Phil gone, the Knicks have alot of rebuilding to do.
