We also have skinny cow for ice cream treats!
I add egg whites and a scoop of chocolate protein powder, and top it with unsweetened shredded coconut and a few white chocolate chips
Me too! So many toppings!
In recipes, big T = tablespoon, little t = teaspoon :)
That's a great idea! I've been craving chocolate covered strawberries lately, and I hadn't thought of trying chocolate pudding. Thanks for the tip!
That's correct, but I often see them abbreviated the shorter way as well. I'm in Canada but I'm by no means saying it's a Canadian thing. I read all my recipes online anyway!
100-calorie bag of popcorn, cup of yogurt, or a 90-calorie fibre one lemon bar are my top three choices. If I have a little more room to work with, I'll have a Quest bar or peanut butter on toast. Occasionally I'll have a scoop of ice cream, but it's hard to stick to just one serving!
Congratulations! This is something I've wanted to do for so long!
Same here. I guess I have what they call "resting bitch face" (not a fan of that term though).
Hey, that's fantastic! Hope things go well for you.
Same here! No side effects, no babies! Can't say I have the same gas issue though...
Half (okay, maybe three quarters) of a large movie theatre popcorn
I have emetophobia as well. Hope you're doing okay.
Sounds good! Do they taste pumpkin-y?
Hi Dawn! I personally don't have experience with any of those books, but I've heard good things about Feeling Good so I'm thinking about purchasing it as well. You might want to check out the [Anxiety &amp; Phobia Workbook](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1626252157). I finished reading it recently and I found it to be quite helpful.
Great, thanks for the reply! I'll try making them soon!
Once every month or two. But my credit card gives me points toward free movies, so I usually don't have to pay for the ticket.
Never heard of this "danger triangle". I've popped pimples there before and I've been fine. I don't think you need to see a doctor. Just keep it clean. I have health anxiety as well, so I know it's hard, but try not to Google it anymore. It won't help you.
A nice cup of tea, a big blanket, and cuddles
Looks good! Good luck on your exam!
"It's accrual world"
I got to sleep in, the weather was nice, and I went on a nice date with my boyfriend.
I went to school in BC, and I believe it was mandatory from grades 4 to 8. After that you can choose to take a different language but I stuck with French until grade 11.
That's true. However in Vancouver, I think learning Chinese or another Asian language would be much more useful. I've only met a couple people who are fluent in French.
I like CoverGirl's Clump Crusher
If you click on their username there's an option to view their diary, unless it's set to private.
I love Daiso! But if I go there I'll come back with a lot more than just that bento box...
Looks good! I think I'll try making the adobo!
I feel the same way. I could handle blood no problem, but not vomit
That's not always the case though.
Have fun with stats!
Well in that case, congrats!
[This](http://imgur.com/n8Z63nl) is what my printing looks like.
Makes things a lot easier when I'm reviewing my notes!
HAGS
That's good to hear! Hope things go well for you. Do you have any plans lined up for further treatment?
Love your hair!
It takes a little longer, but I find it calming and satisfying! When I have to write quickly, it looks more like [this](http://imgur.com/1NH3lNn).
Thanks!
Your breakfast looks delicious! I've gotta try these tofu scrambles!
Have a nice bath and a cup of tea.
I prefer chamomile, peppermint, or valerian root teas because they're quite calming. Right now my favourite is [Mother's Little Helper](https://www.davidstea.com/ca_en/mother-s-little-helper-org) from David's Tea. My favourite candle scent is lavender. Throw in a bath bomb or some bubble bath and you're all set!
Try it out! I just got into it recently. I'm usually a coffee person, but I've been trying to cut down on caffeine to help with my anxiety. Herbal teas work quite nicely.
Tagalog
Herbal tea. I'm not a fancy tea connoisseur by any means, but I love trying new flavours!
If she's that sick, it might be in her best interests to rest rather than see you, unfortunately.
Same here. Feels good to finally be getting help though. Better late than never.
I'm sorry to hear that! Perhaps you can consider switching to a different SSRI? I've been on Lexapro for two months now, and I've had no such problems. No bad side effects at all, actually.
Too well. If I don't set an alarm, I can easily sleep for 12 hours straight. I feel like crap when I wake up.
A good cup of coffee.
