usually pick up what i can after the headliner &amp; on my way out. sometimes you find something good for your efforts.
yeah people were trying to crack the code a while back to no avail
i'm waiting till the official release. no disrespect meant for those listening now, but for me it's like getting a fake id. gonna celebrate friday like it's my 21st.
we did this last year. just make sure you're together when you roll through security check.
it got taken down. maybe someone at /r/bassnectar ripped the files.
only friday's general sale is local time
big g &amp; nectar 2 years in a row?
the nh code is for the venue's presale which is tomorrow.
PL TICKETS ACQUIRED
that's pretty good given the lineup
this will be my first pretty lights show. my absolute favorite, i am ecstatic right now. live free or die.
definitely. second time seeing atmosphere &amp; tipper. first tipper show was pretty special (https://www.reddit.com/r/prettylights/comments/4kqiwd/pls_dropping_tour_announcements_on_twitter/d3hohf9)
any chance we could get a tracklist without downloading anything?
👋
gopher! (for fans of aesop rock)
and i'll probably end up missing that "interactive listening party" since i'll be at aesop rock that night fffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuu (unless it's at like 1130)
did they play bonfire like always?
enjoy the granite state. i'm not a resident (from mass), but i've spent a lot of time there. definitely stock up on booze while you're there, it's dirt cheap (bring some home). some of your questions are answered here: https://www.banknhpavilion.com/?page=policies idk about glass, but i looked at photos from the venue and didn't see any...might be better off playing it safe: https://www.facebook.com/BankNHPavilion/photos
i'd kill for purity ring. bassnectar playing flood on the floor last year ruled.
i'll assume this is only for the summer. need the full toby (hair and all) for the start of next season.
why not both?
stare at my calendar counting down the days till i'm in michigan
if only
i hope to find someone doing the robot at forest. the worse the better.
i guess i should've said someone ELSE. i plan to get funky for 4 days straight.
i don't disagree with most of what you said, but telling him to suck it up is hardly constructive.
we agree on the general message which is what counts.
i only left off the all good folks since op called them out. wanted to spread the love. yep, lnr will be at forest. one of my favorite discoveries from the lineup.
this sub - and wanting to be part of it - is 100% why i joined reddit. can't wait for forest!!!
can't wait to listen to this. saw him a couple weeks ago and it was crazy.
if we ever share a supreme pie i will give you my mushrooms. then we'll both be happy.
late night radio &amp; daily bread have been getting a lot of love on this sub, and rightfully so, so here are my *other* top 5 undercards not to miss skratch bastid shooka eprom russ liquid bass physics
i don't have an answer to either question, just wanted to say welcome!
someone in my crew went to tulane so that kinda counts for nola.
last year single day tickets were available after the headliners were split up. i remember buying a ticket for saturday only knowing bassnectar would be playing that day.
spotify as well. great friday treat.
no disrespect to your post, because i completely get the idea of fomo, but forest is the one time of the year where i am not constantly checking the internet. i let the forest guide my journey.
fomo = fear of missing out totally get the schedule thing, i use hard copies to keep track of who's where/when &amp; word of mouth for the "hyped sets" (obviously that's ahead of time &amp; you're talking about in the moment)
never really listened to tipper until i saw him in the fall. now he's one of my absolute favorites &amp; i'm super pumped to see him again with pl in august. highly, highly recommend catching him if you can.
i'll be at the nh show as well, can't wait!
came in to say shambhala
good find
it was a mistake to leave him home. probably the biggest snub after kessel.
an admiral ackbar-themed trap music totem would get a real chuckle from me
i'll probably check out floss pending conflicts
a question on this: would "resident dj" status mean bassnectar's a staple of the lineup or would it result in special sets, longer than other headliners?
carry the spirit of the forest with you into the real world
and the people
saturday around 4:30 there is a trolley that leaves the bar Doyle's and does a sightseeing tour around boston. unlike all the other tours you can drink on this one, they even stop for booze at the beginning. Doyle's is where they take you at the end of the Sam Adams brewery tour so you could do that first.
doomtree, houndmouth, earphunk, dumstaphunk and evanoff
