Pro tip: put meat in sealed bag. Put bag in iced water in the sink. Use ice water to minimise bacterial growth. Faster than a microwave and infinitely more delicious.
Agreed. Book javert is not a villain. He is someone bound by a moral code as well and is a tragic character. He doesn't believe in redemption, and when faced with JVJ's redemption he can't handle it and mills himself.
I don't want to see a ghost It's a sight that I fear most I'd rather have a piece of toast And watch the evening news --- Really. Pick anything from the song. But that's my least favourite.
I agree. Arguably the fittest man to play AFL in history and ran middle distance olympic times. But look at the midfield over that era and tell me who he pushes out!
There is also Deezer which offers lossless streaming. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_on-demand_streaming_music_services And a bunch of others I've never heard of.
It's actually life insurance. By an absolute mile.
Population Australia - 23m Greater Melbourne (4.1m) + Greater Sydney (4.3m) + Greater Brisbane (2.1m) - 10.5m, that almost gets you there alone. Only 1m short - and that's just using a quick google, I actually think Melbourne and Sydney are bigger than that, so might already get there alone (together with Brisvegas) They use to call it the Rockhampton to Adelaide line - it covers like only 15% of the landmass of Australia, but more than 85% of the population. I'm sure that if you just coloured in the coast from Brisbane down to Melbourne, that would get you &gt;50% for Australia.
If there is a more perfect video to sum up Carlton's season than those few seconds of the fumbling in the forward line, I haven't seen it.
He reminds me of Popovich. Gets the best out of people who may not be the most talented, excellent at developing talent in his team, and ensures that players put the team above individual glory. Adjusts the team strategy in accordance with his time - see the way the Spurs game has developed over time as their stars have aged. Similarly, is kind of a teacher of coaches the same way Pop is. Also quite clinical about things (although Clarko gets more emotional than Pop).
Hawthorn v Brisbane, the "stand in the shade" game. Hawks fans gloating, followed by becoming apopleptic about all our guys on one wing of the ground and then getting smashed in the last quarter. edit: 1995 at the Gabba - had to look up the year.
You ruined my proposed post. Almost at the bottom and I get all ready to write a very clever (I swear) about it being a surprise that no one put Hawthorn, and then you go and ruin my post. And it pains me to say it but, apart from the first year, I've grown quite fond of the Pies with Bucks at the helm. He seems a genuinely good bloke as a coach, with the best interests of the game at heart, and not the figjam he was as a player.
Aaah, the old Liam Shiels argument. Everytime he touches the ball, which is not infrequent, commentators say he's underrated. Not any more gents.
Shaun Hart for Brisbane. Won a Norm Smith, but apart from that, he's never mentioned when people talk about that Brisbane midfield. It's always Voss, Akermanis, Black, Lappin.
Kind of proves my point
2013 win from first. 2014 win from second. 2015 win from third. So my guess is we have to finish fourth to guarantee fourthorn.
OWEN WON-ONE. UNLIKE FREO, WHO ARE OWEN ONE-ONE.
You prefer he goes to Port Arthur?
http://twitchy.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/i-award-you-no-points-and-may-god-have-mercy-on-your-soul_new.jpg
Happy to see stratts get some recognition. Not sure gunston deserves it this week
Don't forget the wind that would swirl around like a MoFo when you were there (and add to the cold)!
It's his daughter. Relax people.
Brad Scott's emotions
Thread is dominated by Richmond: Dusty, Doull, Nason, Gaspar, Vickery, Geoff Raines, Arnot, Deledio's hair early on.
Ok ok. I was tired. He did have terrible hair in my defence. My bad.
If a current player, would have been the best choice, alongside Peak Pavlich, Peak Riewoldt, Peak Kouta, Peak Lethal and Peak Zac Dawson.
I think Burgoyne is actually a good bet that hasn't been listed. Yes, gets smashed in the ruck, but is proven midfielder, defender and forward - albeit not the tallest.
The Hawks isn't the worst! This feels like a first in the space of jumpers in recent years.
2014 was a better game, even though a more lopsided result. That's still the best I've ever seen Hawthorn play. 2013 Hawks just sort of cruised and did enough to win. Skill levels were low and there wasn't much excitement. I haven't watched it since. I've watched 2014 multiple times.
The reality is he would never have become great at Hawthorn and may have been lost to football forever. The guy obviously battled personal demons his whole career; the time in the country was needed to clear his head and get to a better place, and the Geelong culture for better and worse probably suited him better. The 1987 signing was a bit weird, but in the end - I don't see this as a what if.
TripleM has been out-shitposted. Time to step up your game boys. Can we get some speculation on what brand of dried pasta a selection of random players prefer, perhaps?
It's just the erection you have for how we played on GF day not dying down. I actually think in '13 we were the most dominant across the season, but our finals performances weren't as solid as in '14, where we dominated the finals series. '15 we obviously had the loss first up, and the most difficult route to the flag of the three.
Yep. Will all be highly tailored based on age, injuries, needs. I remember years ago one pre season hawks deciding Franklin needed to get bigger to be better in marking contests. He had his worst season after that carrying the extra weight, so the next pre session they realised their error and he slimmed down again. Similarly, when khunt came across, he had to lose a bunch of weight to get the aerobic fitness level required. Basically he needed to be a tighter khunt. Different strokes for different folks. EDIT: marking forests -&gt; marking contests, although the former probably more accurately described Franklin's biggest weakness for a key forward - pack marking.
I'm glad someone appreciated it
Not sure I agree with Smith. He's not an on field leader the same way Hodge is, directing traffic, etc. I think Birchall or Stratton would be a good captain, if they decide the time is right for Hodgey to hand it over.
Based on nomenclature alone, all time Hawthorn great Mitchell Lewis.
'&gt; be AFL online media stooge '&gt; first day on the job '&gt; AFL announces it is considering bringing back the substitute rule and restricting interchanges to only requiring a mersenne prime number of interchanges at the end of the game '&gt; AFL also announces third Sydney team, this time in Cronulla, to be given Geelong Falcons, Oakleigh Chargers and any other club that BT has described as a "football factory" as a recruitment zone '&gt; Go on BigFooty to try and defend it '&gt; Godwin's law achieved in four seconds '&gt; Go on Reddit '&gt; Roasted by /u/howcouldubezaharakis '&gt; Go on youtube '&gt; Get cancer from the comments '&gt; Dead at 24
Great batsmen. Lazy fielder. Remember he and Dhoni having a falling out over his fielding when Dhoni was captain, so assumed he was the target.
Swordfish @ 26%. Terrible hacking scenes, but it's not about that. I liked Jackman and travolta and the ending. Can't believe it's only 26%.
St Kilda have never won a game at one of their home grounds, so are zero per cent. there. Conversely, Sydney, Brisbane and Carlton all have 100% records at the ground. The ground is Westpac Stadium in Wellington (NZ). Edit: one to won. Don't know what came over me.
I love this stat.
The top 12 active players for win % all either play for Hawthorn or Geelong, with the top 5 all being Hawks.
Fitzroy are like the Seattle Supersonics. Neither of them exist anymore.
And we had squandered so many opportunities, gifted them so many goals. At 3/4 time, I was thinking this is one of the big chokes given our form that season, and that I would never hear the end of it. Thanks jeebus for Burgers and to Chris Scott for his policy of never tagging Sam Mitchell.
Worried about getting smashed into goal posts or hit by drink drivers.
Well, technically the Swans won three of those flags back when they were in Melbourne. So I say he's got NSW covered too.
The AFL actually did something right? I know kids. I'm scared too.
Buying housewarming gifts. Do you ever notice that they always sell cups in packs of four? At least that's always been my experience.
Given what it inspired, the reconciliation that took place and what seems like Monkhorst's genuine remorse and contrition at what he said and the fact that Long and Monkhorst now get along - I think it's one of the more inspiring stories in totality.
Priddy. Good game. Let's go to the pub to celebrate. Can you flag four taxis to take us all there?
Does that give you a fourgasm?
