This fact cannot be stressed enough
No duh. It still wasn't opened by a golf ball tho
Andrew Wiggins fucking sucks. I can’t trade him, and I can’t bring myself to drop him
/sad trombone fart
2-4-1 isn’t as much of a thing in Points from what I can tell. Wiggins accrues fewer points than most waiver fodder currently
ZBo is currently still a better basketball player than any of the youth behind him. Joerger loves ZBo. Eventually he’ll likely get rested in favor of giving the young bigs minutes, but he’s going to help more than not for the majority of the season
And Ted Thompson is stepping down. The football gods are doing good work!
Yeah, he almost outscored my entire team tonight. Woof
He almost outscored my entire team
Any update on Draymond?
Everyone’s coming in here to talk about Gerald when the superior Green (Draymond) lit it up tonight
I really don’t care for the Titans, but I’ve rooted for the Packers for longer than they’ve been local
Holding in 10 man without IR. Would've looked to trade if I weren't undefeated
Same. Feels bad man
Sleeping so hard they call me Rip Van Winkle
Without treat reinforcement/training, my Boykin Spaniel would find family members by name. We’d say “Go find X,” and she’d first go check their respective bedroom and then search the rest of the house. She knew us by name. It was the damndest thing
Boogie plays every game and is incredible
Why would you ever try to throw hands with James Johnson? He's a legitimate Chuck Norris-esque badass
Harris has been great. Such a high floor, which is what you need to mix in with some volatile guys, even though he can explode himself. He won't hurt you. Though, I feel like I can't really decide who I'd like best between Harris, Barton, and JRich. They all kinda function the same way for fantasy purposes, but I'm not sure who the best own of the three would be
Memphian here. This story is disgusting and just a mess. Even if everything had somehow been consensual, it’s still a man in his 20s having relations with a minor after being tasked with guiding said minor through faith. It’s a stain on Memphis and the Christian faith as a whole. It’s a stain on humanity
Now to debate grabbing Sabonis by dropping Collins or Jaylen Brown. I feel like Collins probably will break out. He’s been very good even in small minutes. Brown frustrates the hell out of me
In a Points league, DLo just got dropped by the Turner owner to grab Sabonis because of no IL. Should I drop Jaylen Brown, Gary Harris, or John Collins for DLo? I have Bron, Boogie, Draymond, Simmons, The Lord, Donovan, Dunn, Ingram, Wiggins, and Conley. Part of me is thinking Brown, but I also think he could be awesome, but I think DLo must be grabbed
JRich
DSJ probably? Bradley has been very bad in Points
DLo for Points, but LaVine can be more helpful for a lot of builds I'd imagine
Dunn, Collins, Mitchell, and Draymond all went sub-15 for me tonight. Three of them were waiver pickups, and Draymond has been awesome though, so it's no biggie
Trades are borderline impossible in this league. I’d be making the drop for DLo because the DLo owner ran out of healthy bodies and is fighting for a playoff spot, but couldn’t work out a trade in time to be able to win this week. I figure I’d rather have DLo than either of them, but I can probably afford to drop Collins now and swap him for Brown once Collins starts seeing more minutes. Brown has been very meh to bad in Points for over a month, but he can play SG, SF, and PF, he sees a ton of minutes, and he plays for one of the league’s best teams, so you’d think opportunity would arise
I'm not sure how much value Chriss is going to have as long as the hip is an issue
Barton for Beas methinks
I'd drop Fox yeah
Drop Jaylen Brown or Collins for DLo? Points league without IL where trading more or less doesn't happen. DLo just got dropped by an owner who ran out of healthy bodies this week and is fighting for a playoff spot. My team is pretty stacked otherwise. LeBron, Boogie, Draymond, Simmons, The Lord, Mitchell, Dunn, Wiggins, Harris, Ingram, and Conley, in addition to Collins and Brown. I'm in first place currently with the playoffs as a near lock, and Brown did have a good game in London, so I'm leaning Collins for now, just to get DLo on my roster
I agree. Pick up Lauri out of that list
If the Grizz can trade Tyreke, I think that's a sign Conley probably will come back. If they can't, it's because they couldn't get a solid return or because they're going to shut Conley down and need Reke in order to get fans to attend the tank
He shall rise again. Fear not
I don't disagree, but I definitely figured Waiters would hurt his value a bit if he came back. Now he should be a lock to keep playing big minutes
1. Do I think Memphis will trade him or at least try? Absolutely. They want a first rounder for him. 2. Do I think he’ll get shut down if he’s not traded? Only if Conley comes back strong. They’ll end up resting Gasol, Conley, Parsons, and Evans in some combination as they tank it on down 3. Do I think they’ll play him to he pukes to show they want to win? Memphis doesn’t have a loser mentality about it yet. This season breaks one of the longest playoff streaks in the NBA should the Grizz miss. They plan on trying to build a winning roster around Conley and Gasol, and they plan on showing off what Reke can do in the meantime. If Conley gets shut down, Reke will feast in loserball as he has most of the season. If Conley comes back, they’ll probably try to run some sort of successful offense with both Conley and Tyreke in an attempt to get Tyreke to sign another deal in Memphis. This season has been painful as a devout member of Grizzlam, but Evans is pretty much the only bright spot so far
If [as] wants to go to a hard TV-MA (i.e., say fuck, cunt, and cocksucker), BoJack would be an ideal syndicated show to help launch Adulter Swim. Still, its best syndicated home will depend on its editing
I completely disagree with the idea that he’s just not that good this year. He was playing incredibly before he hurt his back, and his performance now isn’t merely a regression to the mean. He’s in a slump because he’s playing well below what had already been established as average for him this season
This...is not ideal
Pretty much everyone behind Tyreke is trash. Maybe give some run to Selden and Brooks, who both *might* be basketball players, but Ben McLemore is terrible, Andrew Harrison is terrible, and the rest of the roster is made up of Conley, Gasol, and misfit veterans who play below average ball. I don't see the Grizzlies outright benching Evans for Brooks and Selden though
It's exactly this
What's a king to a god? What's a god to a non-believer? Who don't believe in anything?
Either or both Dedmon and Collins in Atlanta could make serious noise in the second half
The only issue is that he’s on a one year deal
My top three picks, LeBron, Boogie, and Draymond, plus Donovan Mitchell gave me a good evening. 3 30+ games and another 26 from DMitch! Andrew Wiggins on the other hand...
Then I went Conley, Wiggins, at 4 and 5, so that’s rough haha. Got Simmons though
R/usernamechecksout
Soon. Sooooooooon
Par for the course
I’ve made good and bad drops, though I’m undefeated in Points (about to go in 2nd in total points, but I beat the guy who’s overtaking me), but I can’t top OPs two men remaining, and everything around there is a product of incredible management and/or bad drafts.
