I pledge allegiance to the House sound. I'm going with Carl Cox.
ITT: downvote anyone who's okay with short preview ads. Pathetic.
Tell me more about how you'll consider switching to HBO, because I'm pretty sure they do this already.
Either that or a live version of "Flash."
La La Land, Flash, Shake &amp; Pop, Harmageddon and Pillz should get you going.
Same tent, same canopy. You. I like you.
I wouldn't doubt it. Haha
That's great. He's got my vote.
Why? That's how things work. If you want it, you have to pay for it.
JUST DO IT! WHATRYOUWAITINGFOR?!
I'm not making any guarantees, but what part of northern Illinois?
Ok. You continue to be naive. No sweat off my back.
Are you 15? Because it shows.
The addiction is real, future family.
I never doubted you, L!
I'll have one of Gibbs or Bronson, please.
WELL SAID! That thread from yesterday that you mentioned was shitty. Glad to see it called out.
That's pretty awesome. Happy anniversary. You couldn't pick a better place to celebrate!
Besides BTSM (of course), which set should I absolutely, positively, not miss at EF?
Word. Will do.
Not all of Green Velvet's music is on Spotify is all I meant. I get exactly what you're saying; Bassnectar is bigger than GV. That much is true. At the same time, you can't discount GV by saying he's a very small name, as stated in your original post. It's all good, though. I still got love for you and Bassnectar. I'll be at both sets for sure.
Good deal. Thanks again. See you in a few weeks.
Who knows. Everyone's got an opinion.
Fill it with ecstasy and call on me. I'll be there.
She Just Likes To Fight
These are great. I bought one! Thanks!
Adaptive Rotation Lock is one of the first apps I install on any Android phone. Great choice.
Fam.
For the inevitable return to camp at 3 am?
Thanks!
Garage sales. We picked up four queen-sized sheets for $3.
Look into the Xiaomi Yi camera. I just purchased mine. It's a lot cheaper and reviews are pretty good.
Same here! I just picked up the Xiaomi Yi camera. It'll be here tomorrow. I'm just about set.
Does it grind your friend's gears? Because that's what matters most...
This guy sounds like a prick. Hopefully there's no need to remain friends with him after the Forest. Good luck to your friend!
I'm saying screw it and having a blast wherever I end up. Conflicts be damned.
Yeah, if I had an extra ticket, I'd try to make an extra buck off of a random. I won't lie. But a friend of mine? Face value, or less than face value, just pay for gas or Spicy Pie for the weekend. Shady people gonna shade.
I picked up the white ones. These blue ones are nice, though. May have to pick them up as well.
Solar-powered?
It's Michigan, I doubt you'll have trouble finding good bud. Last I heard it was 30 for an eighth? Your mileage may vary, of course. I'm riding clean and planning to pick up there.
Just ask "AM I BEING DETAINED?" over and over again. Then they have to let you go. /s
It's my first time, but I doubt we'll have trouble.
Dick's has their 10x10 Quest canopy on sale for $50 right [now](http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productId=2935027&amp;cp=4406646.4413993.4414966.35612666&amp;categoryId=13086151).
Shit, I pay $60 for an eighth in Chicago. $35 is nice.
Thanks. Purchased a five pack. When do you think it'll arrive? Before the forest?
I look forward to meeting you! :)
Diplo called my wife a hood rat on Twitter once. He's awesome.
I haven't received anything, either. All in good time, my friend.
[Here](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00CWZE642/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_1DhCvb0MMPH3R) is the mattress I picked up for the Forest. Reviews are great and they're not made of PVC so they don't lose air. I filled it up and left it up overnight. I didn't notice any air loss.
How big do you think it is?
