Well, I've not followed what other companies are offering, but in the past I found Feral more or less best value. Could you give some competitors that you think are better value? Note that Feral have not enforced bandwidth limits for ages., except for http and transmission traffic.
Yeah- read what Lemon says to you because he is the boss of Feral. For more than a year, I think, my bandwidth figure reads as a few GB per month as my actual traffic is for the types of traffic Feral does not count. It kinda makes sense; I think by now Feral has a lot of long term customers like me, who are in any case using much much less than the theoretical bandwidth limits.
It's a terrible road. Also prone to awful jams when it's nice weather at weekends and people are trying to go to Scarborough etc.
1) compromise for historical reasons. 2) benefits employees in retail. But I agree, for corporates and for consumers, I cannot see the benefit.
It is likely she would change, but bear in mind all cats are princesses and princes, and you are kinda forced into lifelong slavery when you take one on. But you had them already- you surely know that. PS Plus on top of that, they are plotting to kill you. Seriously- yes she would change, but it might take a couple of years. Or it might be overnight if you're lucky. One thing I do know- it's impossible to predict whether a cat will want to sit on your lap.
An adapter is fine, but make sure you get one that is stable- you could always just run it off an extension lead. I don't know about NZ, but here in the UK Feliways have just come out with a more stable design; of course that means we had to buy a new one as the refills only fit the new diffusers....
Do you live in Newcastle?
This post is brilliant, but will make no sense to anyone who's not been following a recent mad person who keeps posting this. https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/3z4w8q/uk_ppl_am_i_ugly_like_this_going_outdoors/
It's safe, but the tl;dr is most people suggest using an old version, 2.2.1 which you can get from filehippo or oldapps.
Franks but not French?
There's quite a lot of cutesy over here e.g. Boux Avenue sleepwear. Primark is low-end; my gf says it's better for men than women. Maybe that's why my Primark stuff has worn very well.
Yeah- I read on your post history... You are from in or near Halifax - well, no wonder you feel what you do when you go back- that end of W Yorks is just amazingly beautiful. But more than that, that end looks more to Manc than to Leeds (Bradford is in the way) and you even support Man U. If you are planning a family, it's a no-brainer that it's better for children to grow up outside London. We're in the other end of W Yorks, in Castleford. But because of the attractions of your end, we will more often go out there than locally (e.g. Shibden Mill, the Gray Ox, the Fleece at Barkisland, the Ram's Head at Denshaw/ Saddleworth) and probably the pub we've been to most often (not that this is so often) is the Turnpike between Ripponden and the M62 J22 - which is a perfect stop coming back from Manc and all points West and North. By London standards, 35 miles along the motorway in 35 minutes is the equivalent of 6 miles in traffic or on the tube....
It's the identity of the EOD man, for me.
If not more. I've had an external on 24/7 for 6 years now. However, now I've posted this it will no doubt fail tomorrow.
Mind you- your first sentence says it. There are lots of good providers. It should be a market where if you are unhappy, you were unlucky- most customers of most providers are very satisfied. I have found whatbox, bytesized and feral the three most recommended, and all have a staff presence in this sub for extra support. If you are unable to admin a dedicated yourself, don't get one to start off with. Go managed with one of the many good providers.
Feral hosting (I've been with them 5 years s a customer); the other two most recommended are whatbox and bytesized. Those three are very reliable; if you go elsewhere make sure to get better value than they offer. You can download all the what freeleech torrents and seed them.
Everyone gets burnt once or twice.
I've got good stuff from Arnold and Arnold. http://www.arnoldleathergoods.co.uk/
Posh restaurants with rooms- very romantic- Yorke Arms at Ramsgill or Black Swan at Oldstead.
Have you watched NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS New Orleans?
It so much depends on the winter we get. It IS going to get colder though. If you haven't been to Snowdonia though, it is lovely for all sorts of reasons. If you can bear other people, I recommend joining a walking/ climbing club because everyone shares car rides and there's no disadvantage, therefore, to have no car. As you say, any larger area is far more accessible with a car. Snowdonia is compact, for example, compared to the Lakes, but it has several micro-climates- with a car you can decide when you get up in the morning where you are going.
OK, well funnily enough I had some spare minutes today when i was out with the car and really had to use up the time (I was waiting to pick someone up from an appointment) and so I actually went in the Asda where I get inhalers and bought a spare. So this one was issued today and expires end of Oct 2017- that is 21 and a half months. My previous one from them (because of this thread I asked them to check!) was on 10 march 2015 and expires Dec 2016 (like yours!). I also googled for you and the shelf life seems to be 24 months. http://www.medsafe.govt.nz/profs/datasheet/v/VentolinCFC-freeinh.pdf So one presumes they buy in a batch and sell it gradually- that means your current two were likely obtained some time between December 2014 and spring 2015.
Oh I know! Richer Sounds has a really good set of customer policies. For example, they do an extended guarantee service that if you do not use, you can get a refund of your premium at the end of the 5 year (or whatever) period. It's worth asking them.
Like a lot of people are (or used to be) I was brought up a nominal Anglican - the line always was that British people say 'I'm not very religious' when asked questions about faith. Now, as Brit, though, the Anglican church means the Church of England to me- unless there is a world congress or synod or something, I never ever think about Anglican congregations abroad. I actually love the cultural side of the Anglican church, but I think it is in a really difficult position a) it tries to be inclusive (we say high church and low church) and so deals with pro- and anti- women clergy people and gay clergy people b) its buildings are impractical and expensive here, because largely old and listed c) its forms of service and stuff, as well as the bricks and mortar mean it's much harder for it to adapt than for non-conformist churches. I warmed to Rowan Williams over time, especially when he wrote the Narnia book, I'm not sure about Welby. I think women clergy are an obvious good thing, but I don't have any view on how the C of E and Welby relate to other Anglican churches abroad. In the UK, the obvious divides (apart from Christian and other religions and no religion) are between Catholic, Anglican and Non-conformist.
Yes, of course they are great fun. I'm a really old member now of most of my trackers, so in many ways the BP are not so important to me. The BTN multiplier is really excellent for promotion- at the start you think the BP required are improbably high, then you realise it really rewards long-term seeding. The PtP system allows you to earn enough BP to keep yourself with enough credit always to download. However, more recently, when I've been experimenting with daily freeleech torrents, I've seen that actual upload earned is much higher. I totally agree these are much more satisfying systems to experience than ones with a small number of points per day or whatever.
Gosh! The wheel of fortune has turned in your favour big time!
Yeah, do it when you move in. The supply will stay on anyway. Without the meter readings your contract cannot start. And before you are in it's not you using the power. Basically- the people moving out will give a reading as they leave- you give one as you arrive- the energy company sees they are the same and go from there.
I think we looked at about 50 places before we bought one. Assuming your mortgage adviser has said there is likely to be no issue, I'd start now. BUT.... It's gonna depend a LOT on how fast the market moves in the area you want to buy in. We saw a couple of episodes of Location Location Location recently and thought they were really true to our experience. 1) in London, a couple of buyers / sets of buyers were looking around the £300-450k mark. The flats were terrible and even after having their offers accepted, both sets of buyers got gazzumped. It was a lot of effort for nothing. 2) in Yorkshire, a couple of buyers had a budget of £200-250k. They couldn't get exactly what they wanted, but they had plenty of time to manoeuvre and in each case got a lot of property for their money. One set of buyers went for location above everything, the other went for the house looking and being right at the cost of location (it was more countryfied than she wanted) but it was not a property we saw- it happened after the programme was filmed. So it's more helpful to look now if you are buying in a slow-moving area. Dunno how people manage in chains in fast-moving areas, one might have to get an offer on one's own first...
Bad breath.
Flaki FTW!
Similarity with the NCIS "original" episode is disappointing if you watch both together.
Linux? Well, I did it on rtorrent with the sed command; full instructions on bib's forum thread, it's method 3. (Obviously when the website returns!!)
Hmmm. You mean Butlins gave the reviewer a free holiday? They still say Center Parcs is better though....
I run mine using a thin client- https://www.feralhosting.com/faq/view?question=76 though if you are not on Feral you may need to do the manual install not the script to get the info. Basically I get a deluge install that looks and feels like a desktop client. Your seedbox provider may or may not support this!
I only know second-hand (friend was a reservist) but yeah, joined means joined the Reserves and then means joined your unit. I don't think you are ever locked in. My friend just decided after serving for a while they didn't want potentially to have to kill people. Unless you are actually mobilised, which may not be war, it may mean helping fight Ebola or clear up after a natural disaster.
Actually, for it to be an offence, doesn't one have to bully some's real ID, not an alias/ username?
David Blackburn (link below). Done 2 jobs for us (originally recommended by several neighbours) and one for mum-in-law. Best tradesman (of many) we've ever had in the house, (or on it!). BUT he's Ponty way.... https://www.yell.com/biz/ideal-roofing-and-fascias-pontefract-7620224/
I agree with your first 3 answers. Here we basically have furnished and unfurnished. Very roughly, unfurnished means you need a van to move in and furnished means you don't. So for furnished you expect bed, yes, closet, sofa, cooker, fridge, usually washing machine, table you can eat off, and some chairs. Yes, usually there are curtains or blinds or at least something to cover the window. As the others say, when it's furnished, there is an inventory. I have been in places where there was stuff like cutlery and crockery, even pictures, but basically it was possessions of the landlord that he did not want to store elsewhere, so rubbish, basically.
Are you a tourist, or working, or living? The centre is nice, Clifton is nice. Try https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/ and https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/comments/1se191/comprehensive_list_of_things_everyone_should_do/
Yeah, tbh he confused me by telling me in a post once he did NOT like cakes. I have to say I felt betrayed and , yes, bullied.
Ring up schools / LEAs advertising vacancies that interest you?
When you say "literally"..... It doesn't bear thinking about.
with a chute.
Oh no! Have you met me IRL? Know any good careers in the Army? Or the French Foreign Legion? Oh sorry, it's racist mentioning the French.
Anyone driven incredibly fast on an autobahn in Germany?
UCL is a great university. Do you want to be in Central London? That could be a very good or bad thing about it!
So what you do is disable the VPN and the torrent client, then access all the non-VPN trackers/ sites together and then log out and (re-)enable your VPN / restart your torrents for actual torrenting, is that right?
Phone trading standards of your local council and also maybe Environmental Health and ask the latter if they have heard of him. At least you have telephone numbers- even if they are fake, there may be a record of them being associated with a scammer.
1) Do you have it in writing about service history? E.g. was the car advertised as such? 2) are you planning to keep the car a while? a) if not, it's bad because you won't be able to prove it's been properly serviced. b) if yes, you are keeping the car for a while, it may not matter, and it may be good the other way. In the sense that the mechanic was servicing his own car and would have given it plenty of TLC. Estimate how old the car will be when you sell it in the future. Look up roughly how much it will fetch at that point. Depending on how much that is, presence or lack of a service history may matter. If it ends up being an old trade-in, it's not going to matter. If say, the current cost is £10k and you want to have £4k-6k when you trade it in, I'd be more concerned. 3) When you say dealer, do you mean a main Peugeot dealer or just any car sales place? All main dealer used cars will have been inspected and approved, in theory.
To be serious, OP, I have to agree with my friend here that Somerset is a lovely county to live in. This is speaking as a resident of West Yorkshire (but not born in Yorkshire; however I am now fiercely loyal/ patriotic about the place, unlike Mr/Ms T above). I do not know Taunton at all, but it is surrounded by lovely countryside such as Exmoor and the Mendips; both the North Devon and Jurassic coasts are really close and West Country people are very friendly. The weather and the quality of food/ drink ingredients are good. (I do note some areas of Somerset had much too much rain last winter). Bath, Bristol and Exeter are all also not far away. Most English people would regard Somerset as a really nice part of the country.
