gold, it was just for sega as far as i know
I'm a former coder my self. Used to code cheats back in 2007 for CSS and CoD. The problem with these mini updates every 1-2 days is that, well, they are mini. Usually coders have just update offsets and netvars, as an update doesnt mean the cheat is detected, just outdated. So I would rather make a very good AC than a "unhackable" game. VAC idea of sig-scanning isnt too bad, but in the state that is right now, is pretty easy to bypass it.
Ok, so you split up the functions in different branches n shit. Good. But now you have a lot of code to merge. And the same code may be necessary for 2 or more functions. That just won't work.
He was always along my favourites , but in MK9, I was disgusted. They made him like shujinko, doing ( fightinig in this case) blindless, influenced by the " I got to prove something..." cliche. In MKX they make every character, especially the females bitching about him being liu's inferior
Oke, but what could've you done with his older personality. He was even more like Liu Kang, peaceful and respectful. At least now they give him a different personality. I understand that you really like him, you probably wanted him to be the MK tournament winner in the first place. Anyway that backstory, with him being the first choice of the Shaolin is head-in-head with your "driven by duty". His duty was to defend directly earthrealm but he declined. And is probably a back story written by NRS in 5 mins, according to it he was probably better than liu kang. Well the same shit goes for Bo Rai Cho , he could probably takr Goro, Shang Tsung and Shao Kahm all at a time but he was from Outworld and didnt help with the tournament in any way.
Or you have a high sens. This could cause the consistency
No, he is so right. So many bad decisions, especially after WW2. Ok you won a war( lets be honest, they won the East on their own so grats). But after that they decided to close themself in their country, on the mentality " what happens in Russia, stays in Russia" when the whole world was opening, civil rights were establishing, freedom n other shit. But they were trapped in because of the leaders' being so "patriotic". They just wanted to do things on their own and look where they are now
Your arguments are so awful 1) oh man, there are human involved, aswell as 16 tick, trust me, you can get OW so ez. 2)Even if pro players would cheat ( ofc not, they risk too much wtf), you think they cant hide their cheats?
Tho, with the inflation of ranks many LE are now GE
When large playerbase still is at 60 fps 128 tick are just a pain in the ass , afaik. In my class there are 8 CSGO players, 1 with a super computer, me with stable 250 fps on high, one with 150 stable fps and the others around 60 or below. Tho one of them plays on a 128 awp server and he said everything is smoother but sometimes he is moving in frames. No no, no 35 sec when at LEM I still get paired with people without mic/ dont know to call out/ refuse to call out/ cant read the radar.
Oke but in Dota 2 there are no cheaters. The reports are just for chat/ griefing/feeding/ abuse of spells, abilities. You cant have a limited amount of reports where there is at least a hacker every other game
But the guys who are playing with those who cant read the radar shouldnt be punished tho
TDM...
i'm on vacation so i have to play on my potato laptop, and altough its a 64-bit system, running the 64 bit does nothing. Though, -dx11 works wonders
Lol , you wish dat. Probably 4.5k are twice as better as you are. The problem I that, the knowledge of the game, mechanical skills scales with the MMR. So there is a bigger difference between 5k and 3k than 3k and lets say 1-2k mmr.
Its the 5h 32 min meme. I thinks its from the Reborn patch yesterday of 5.5 GB
tho, you can swap it, dont ever sold it. Its still pretty good at splitpushing lategame. Altho he will not be able to manfight many carries In ultra late-game( anyway, you should've finished the game 20 mins ago wtf) he is still super good at splitpushing, and is a big nuisance as he becomes pretty much unkillable if the player is good. You should swap it for MKB most of the time/ Rapira as a last chance to win. So as a carry, you dont really get rid of an item, you just fill the stash with others so dont ever sell the big items. As I gave an example above, you may need that BF for pushing fast until enemy respawns/ butterfly so you can move faster
1. It was very popular back in wc3 dota, so the tradition goes on 2. Well, I must say, its a pretty fun hero tbh. Landing a skillshot, knowing that if you do it you have a guaranted kill its pretty satisfying. Doe, the more the game goes on, you pretty much become a creep with fat HP cuz no one in pub itemise him correctly
Nope, June reached 7999 MMR, look in NoobFromUA last video, in description
S4 4k mmr confirmed Boosted scrub
3 in a row - killing spree 4- dominating 5- mega kill 6- unstoppable 7- wicked sick 8- godlike 9+ beyond godlike
So would you call yourself roughly the best player in the world? Or just the best pubstomper?
If you have been paying attention at diplomatic problems, you can see that Russia ripped Crimeea appart from Ukraine and they stick it to their country ( sorry, I'm not a native english speaker, I dont know the terms for this actions) though western countries does not recognize Crimeea as being a region of Russia. So to punish them, they withdraw all their money and credits invested I Russia banks and facilities. Probably Valve, as an american Company, did this too for politics so the server is not actually situated in Russia
You all talk like you never been frustrated in a game because teammates were feeding/didnt listen
Thats because at their level they dont "screw up". And even if you are at least 5k you wouldnt see any team screwing up. But you, I behind team, you can screw them up by taking fights when their advantage isnt so high. If you turtle in base for like 30 minutes you just drag the game, you will get starved and eventually outfarmed totally. Please dont tag "weird" an action that is actually quite intelligent and should be "normal" and logical
Okay, I meant its not worth turtling if you dont got a super good highround team or super good ultra game. But in his game you just cant do that. Gyro will probably outcarried them, leshrac probably still kick their asses. Anyway, did he actually win that game? 6.83 was a different era. It doesnt matter how many kills they had. Early game, mid game, doesnt even matter. The game was like this: Early game, try your best, farm something bla bla. Mid game: someone is gonna get raped, either you or them. Doesnt matter. Late game: Hoho haha.
&gt; following Christ is truly the best way to live your life. What if you follow Christ but don't believe in God(as I do). I know much of his teaching, probably all lead to God but I don't believe it. But i think his teachings about love, forgiveness, bravery and many others made the world we know now a better world where we learned to respect others. God or no God, i think Jesus had a major role in the development of civilisation.
I don't believe in God myself( although i think Jesus' teachings were great and had great impact on the development of civilisation) but i don't understand something about christians who refuse science. Science and all the theories about creation ( e.g Big Bang) do not disapprove the existence of a Creator. There could be a God who thought all beforehand: the big bang, universe expansion, universe cooling, supernovas, blackholes, physics law etc etc. If God is infinite, i think his creation would be the same
But how did people even wrote Genesis? I mean we can't really take it literally as NT for example where people who wrote it actually saw what happened while Genesis, I hate to say it, but people who wrote it could have been clueless. Or God could have told them how he did ofc but still, you get the point. Also even if God did told them how he did it, i mean, trying to explain star nebulaes or whatever to shepherds, might be hard, all they really need to know was that God created the world
&gt;unique role in His world. I would like to disagree. I don't believe that we are truly the only source of life in this whole Universe nor would i think that God would have waited 13.7~ billion years old to create us if he did not have other plans too
So how old exactly so you think Earth is?
I don't want to change your opinions, i actually truly respect you for believing in them but sometimes seeing is believing is better than believing is seeing. i think its better for believers, even non-believers to think at the Bible as a human construct intended as an expression of faith in God rather than a divine construct intended as an expression of control over humanity
I mean if you take this path, you could also just state scientific arguments which are based on evidence not a 2k+ years old book. You have to consider that even if God explained to the guys who wrote genesis how he created the world, they were a bunch of goat-helders, try making them understand black holes or star's nebulaes etc.. All they really need to know from god was that he created all
Well, what does world mean? Isn't his world his whole creation? Or do you think that there may be another God ?
&gt;I believe love and forgiveness are the most important things about Christianity You found your answer right there. If you love him, i think religion should not get in the way. Just my opinion, religion may mean more to you than it means to me Now we get to the fact that he lied for years, about something you care. I suggest counseling for you two if you still want to give it a chance. But first disscus about things
Well things i don't understand about religion or Christianity for that matter. I hoped they might enlighten me?
I didn't ask for Bible verses. I mean i wouldn't believe people here actually take the Bible 100% literally although i've seen some Young Earth people
Related to your first argument, is the Bible actually 100% word of the God. I may be wrong but i think its best to see the Bible as a human construct intended as an expression of faith in God, rather than a divine construct intended as an expression of control over humanity. Also infinite regression is possible if you think about it although its waste of time IMO. One could argue that, okay, God created the universe but what are God's origins then?
Hehe i guess it sucks to be bound to percepting only 5 dimension, one of which we have no control upon(time). It would be awesome if we could actually find the secret. Perhaps God would be proud of how far his Creation went :). That if he would not destroy us for being a threat lol
I can respect that but I do not actually think that you stone your kids for disobeying. Nor slaving people. Am I right?
Noticing what? I do not believe that Earth is 6000 years old or whatever. I mean yea, Bible suggests it and i can respect people who believe it but Bible also suggest to stone your kids for disobeying or that slavery is fine
Regarding 6, doesnt corruption require morality integrity to begin with. Do you believe that stars have such things? Or did I missunderstood your comment?
So you imply that if i go right now and hit my kids head with a stone is not morally wrong? Whatever then. what's that rational worldview? Ok then. What were the 1000-1 BC people if not agricultors or goat-helders? Engineers? This was not meant to insult them, i was stating the facts, the people from 2000years ago simply lacked knowledge(not that we don't too now)
Ah alright.
But you are wrong anyway. Nobody said that humans lived billions of years ago. Maybe 100k years. The Earth is tho ~4.5 million years old as science states right now. then there is no reason to believe that Earth is 6000 years old when there was found a human skeleton(Lucy, you probably heard about it) dated much much older than 6k. then if human lived with dinosaurs don't you think that there will be some drawings on caves' walls? Or any record of their existence if humans really lived with them. then when the meteor actually hits and dinosaurs die why humans live? Also the cloud of dust would not disipate in 4-6k years so again, theory cracks up. Even if god told Moses how he create the world to write Genesis, be sure that he would not go in details but give him symbolistic explanation(The 6 "days", Adam(Man, bringer of life), etc). All they really needed to know was that God created world not how he did it
http://paleo.cc/kpaleo/fossdate.htm I suggest you study what you claim before stating things like fossils are dated via DNA
But how did they get corrupted(amerindians) if they never heard about jews' God and his Son
For 1 i would go Miracle- especially right now
My bad, i have to read what words are forbidden
Yet people before jesus who believed in Jews god( mainly jews ofc) weren't so peaceful. And God even did encourage them( example when Jews enter Canaan, they murder canaanites. Jesus, though, through his teachings, he made a better world where people actually respect eachother
