The turret thing wasn't a glitch, but a game mechanic.
It doesn't make sense for an ODST to carry a turret, period. The mechanic was left it because it was fun.
&gt; there's some story that's behind his new look How is that not confirmation of an in-universe explanation for the Chief's new look? &gt; Chief's armor change isn't mentioned in game This is probably the closest thing to evidence against the nanomachine theory, but that's a stretch. You know what else isn't mentioned in the game? Why there are suddenly Spartan-IVs. Does that mean they've always existed? Of course not. &gt;Chief's new undersuit matches the redesigned undersuit used by the SIVs &gt;Blue Team's Mark VI resembles Chief's redesigned armor, not his classic set. &gt;We know that's their Mark VI because of the H2A terminals Yes, Blue Team stated field testing Mjolnir components that would later be used in [GEN2]. At best, that helps explain the similarities between the Chief's upgraded suit and [GEN2]'s design. &gt; There are in-universe examples of Chief's redesigned armor prior to the events in Halo 4. There are also in-universe examples of the Chief's classic Mk. VI, such as his appearance in Halo 2 Anniversary and Spartan Strike. The comics generally use the "current" version of the Chief to avoid confusing casual fans. It's the same reason you have a statue of the Chief wearing his upgraded Mk. VI in the #HUNTtheTRUTH trailers. &gt; The battle damage sustained in Halo 3 is still visible on his new armor And there are plausible explanations for it's presence. Canonically, you never really see the Chief's armor until after he crashes on Requiem. It could easily have been sustained during that fall. I know you can actually see it in co-op or when you die, but those aren't canonical occurrences. &gt; Signifigant scarring to Mark VI cannot be repaired by nanobots. What does this have to do with anything? The Chief was in cryo for 4.5 years. Cortana made the upgrades while he was out. The nano-machines aren't something built into the suit. &gt; Chief's armor was repaired after defeating the Didact rather than replaced. Again, what does this have to do with anything? &gt; His new armor has thrusters which weren't on the classic design Mark VI. Cortana upgraded his suit. She could have easily added these. &gt; Concept art for Halo 4 showed Blue Team using nearly identical armor to Chief's That's not Blue Team, those are just Spartans. The art book even labels them as just general Spartans, and it's part of the section on the multiplayer. I have checked the evidence, and I find any idea that the Chief's new look is simply artistic severely wanting. I was on the side of it being simply an artistic change when we saw that first Halo 4 trailer, and continued to defend that position for months until I started seeing evidence that there was an in-universe explanation.
I doubt it will change your mind, but here's another quote from Frank O'Connor: &gt; "There's some fairly radical modifications to his armor," O'Connor said. "Some of those are an artistic evolution, but some are connected to the story. We just can't talk about it yet. He's been in space for a long time." [Source](http://www.ign.com/articles/2011/12/02/master-chief-will-change-in-halo-4)
&gt; Aren't you the person who runs Halo Canon? I am
I certainly don't ignore the inconsistency of the nanobot theory, but I accept that there is more to the Chief's armor than just an artistic change. Maybe the nanobot theory is wrong, but the fact that evidence exists to refute the idea that it's simply artistic change is too much for me to ignore. If I find something compelling to discuss regarding the subject, I'll gladly bring it up again. However, as I stands, the evidence, to me, points to the conclusion that the Chief's armor in Halo 4 is an upgraded variant of his Mk. VI. I don't really care for the explanation, and the communication was piss-poor at best, but to me, those are the facts.
&gt; Please tell me you wouldn't quit too. I wouldn't, and I don't.
It's not concept art. More that likely, that's from one of Halo 5's terminals.
Those were vague overviews. The real design requirement and specifications would have been with Materials Group.
Looks like we might be waiting to find out who the red Spartan is. I was hoping all of Locke's teams would be revealed next week, but it looks like they might be saving that for GI. Still, this is fucking awesome! EDIT: Or not. I forgot these issues come out a month ahead of the stated month.
Currently, Naomi is the only one we know of. You could argue someone like Serin Osman, but she's only a Spartan in name. Likely, though, the GI article just said that to make things simple.
Oh yeah, there are plenty of potentially active Spartan-II. I'm just saying that Naomi is the only one we know of, for sure.
Where did they state that? Also, the level in question take place only 8 months after Halo 4's campaign.
I know. I never said it went missing after Halo 4. However, it only went missing a month or so before the Chief woke up near Requiem.
Removed for potential copyright issues. The video's back, but without these particular images. Only stuff from the video GI posted yesterday.
What's to say they don't? The fact that they have the thrusters would seem to suggest that they have upgraded. [From the Jet Pack article on Halo Waypoint:](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/universe/tech/jetpack) &gt; Though the next spiral of GEN2 Mjolnir refinements will incorporate an integrated set of thrusters
At that point, though, you might as well call it [GEN2]. It'd be like saying that Jorge in Halo Reach was wearing Mk. IV, even though everything had been upgraded to work with the Mk. V platform. Also, since I missed this before: the statement about Spartan-IIs still using Mk. VI was from the Halo 4 Essential Visual Guide.
How was the food?
It's cool. I don't expect everyone to be canon-savy, and I certainly never mind explaining things. Happy to have helped :)
It was confirmed a while back (not long after the beta, if I recall correctly), that it would only by body and helmet customization, just like in the Beta. It's sad, but I do understand why they did that.
You lucky bastard! Unfortunately, all the bookstores in my area are pretty diligent about sticking to release dates.
What new Promethean are we talking about? The only new Promethean I've heard of is the Promethean Soldiers, which is just a new Promethean class.
Eh, don't sweat it. Plenty of people are making the mix-up. I was fortunate enough to have been online when that whole thing happened. Halo Archive originally said it was the Didact (MECHA-DIDACT!), but it was probably an hour or so later that Frankie's post was posted on twitter.
I'm just going to post here what I posted over in /r/HaloStory I'm honestly not sure how I feel about this. The story of The Fall of Reach has been told twice, now, and explored in other media (Hunt the Truth, Halsey's Journal). Do we really need another re-telling? Unless 343 is planning to integrate some stuff from Halo Reach, smooth out some kinks in the timeline, maybe finally address how Jun got off the planet, I can't say I'm all that excited. Further, I'm almost certain that this is only going to be playable through the Halo Channel, and if it's anything like Forward Unto Dawn or Nightfall, this will probably make it way to physical media, screwing over customers who bought the LCE.
For the most part, but the built-in jet packs are new.
I would like one of those better, but I'm much more interested in seeing new content.
That is really cool, but at the same time, I kind of have to cringe at the though of cutting up those comics. Still, amazing work!
Kenya: I beg to differ. From what we saw at the end of Halo 3, the area didn't look all that bad. Again, the amount of plasma output to exterminate the Flood infestation and to literally glass the surface would be quite different. Vale: Fair enough, but I think that, given what we know, nominating her for Spartan-hood isn't all the out-there. Besides, she'd received additional training post-augmentation, as do all Spartan Candidates. Home Fleet: By the end of Halo 3, there were only a few ships left (a handful, as Hood put it), but we don't know how many ships were out on other deployments at the time of Halo 3. Remember, Human slipspace travel at that time was incredibly slow. 4 days from Reach to Earth was considered speedy, and we're only talking about ~10.5 light-years. It's very possible, as some have suggested, that ships from other deployments were called back to Earth to make up for home fleet's loss. And I would ask: would ONI really need to cover up the losses? The area around the Portal site was likely quarantined for a while after the end of the Covenant War, and if it wasn't, ONI surely would have done so given that they wanted to activate it. Don't get me wrong, I'd like this stuff directly addressed, but I don't think the problems are all that severe.
I understand what you're saying, but I'm not sure I agree. That's just never the impression I got.
Well, I don't want to derail the topic, but you're welcome to PM me.
That, I can agree with. I need to re-read those sections, see exactly what they said.
I personally figured they were bred and rapidly grown, but that could also be the case. Still, I wish they'd directly addressed it.
&gt; Is it common enough knowledge now that there was a Human-Forerunner war before the firing of the Array or did she just not understand the full implication of what Solitude was saying? I kind of figured the second is more likely. Solitude's statement could mean a lot, especially since it has no context. We as fans know what he was referring to because we know about ancient Humanity. Vale likely does not, and might not know what to make of Solitude's statement.
&gt; I take it some people know of Ancient Humanity though? Some, though it isn't clear how many. Lasky was pretty open about his knowledge of Prometheans being ancient Humans in Spartan Ops, but it seemed pretty clear the it was news to Thorne at the time.
&gt; Lasky knows, and he isn't even ONI Though Lasky did say that the UNSC knew about ancient Humans. But that's another discussion. It is entirely possible that Vale knows about ancient Humanity, but I see no reason why she would have to know. In the case of Lasky and Palmer, it was relevant to their campaign on Requiem, and it's possible that they learned it directly from the Chief during Halo 4's campaign. Vale, as a diplomat to the Sangheili, wouldn't need to know. My overall point is that her lack of reaction doesn't really mean anything, since without proper context, Solitude's statements wouldn't really mean anything. They might make her think, but she was in a desperate situation with the singular goal of survival. She wouldn't have time to think about the larger implications, if those even came to mind. We as fans know what Solitude was talking about because we have the privilege of a bird's eye view of things, a privilege most, if not all characters, lack.
*Infinity*'s trip to Requiem only took ~~a few hours~~ a day, thanks to her Forerunner slipspace drives. The reason the trip to the Ark took so long was because the Ark is over 260,000 light years from galactic center. Requiem is in the Milky Way, making for which shorter trip.
I should amend myself and note that it was a day, rather than a few hours, but here's the source: https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/forums/db05ce78845f4120b062c50816008e5d/topics/learn-what-happened-today-in-halo/9e7159ac-143a-4e71-bcfd-622db8f7c3a3/posts?page=7#post123
Weird. That's basically every game of CE I've played on the MCC.
As a privately owned business, Wal-Mart has every right to deny any sort of business they choose, such as decorating a cake with the Confederate Flag (never mind that's not what that flag is, but that's another discussion).
It would be accurate to say that the Breakout arena is the closest we've seen to what the War Game simulator looks like without the holographic enhancements. However, I'm not sure if I agree with the notion that respawning in purely multiplayer-flavor. Given 343's recent trends, I'd say it's like there is an explanation for respawning. One idea that comes to mind is a Forerunner trans-location grid like we've seen on the Halo rings or Requiem (though on a much smaller scale). When a Spartan "dies", he or she is teleported to a new location to "respawn".
Only in split screen, though. I'd happily take some performance issues if it meant split screen came back.
I would be genuinely surprised if it did.
The HRUNTING/YGGDRASIL Mark I eventually led to the Mantis. In some respects, the HRUNTING/YGGDRASIL systems are superior, but I think the overall mobility and agility provided by Mjolnir has advantages, too. Both armor systems have their advantages and disadvantages, depending on the situation.
Absolutely, but put him against an army (all at once, not bottle-necked like in the games) or against an aircraft, and the Mantis would be a good choice of combat vehicle.
My thoughts exactly. Still, it looks damn cool!
It only makes sense since the Warden is part of Warzone. *Infinity* really only would have had the chance to add him after the events of Halo 5.
Could be, but I'm still more inclined to think it was recovered from Genesis.
That's 343's old address. I'd recommend your Brother send the letter to Microsoft's headquarters with something like "ATTN: 343 Industries" on the envelope. Microsoft's address: Microsoft Headquarters One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052
God, those ugly Phantoka/Mistika forms. *shudders* I loved the 2015 sets, and while I don't hate the 2016 sets, they seem a little too generic compared to the uniqueness of each Toa set from last year. Still, they were a blast to build.
Theoretically yes, but after Meridian, they had no reason to believe he would return until Osiris encountered him a second time on Sanghelios.
