condemn wouldn't push her towards the jungle path. it would make riven stay approximately where she is when she starts Qing. that's how condemn-cancel works. After the condemn-cancel, Riven will still be in vayne's auto range. a condemn-cancel on a fixed distance dash (like fizz q, or yasuo's e) is very different from one on a non-fixed distance (like pantheon's w) where the target will be pushed slightly further away outside vayne's auto range also riven needs the black cleaver proc to get the most movement speed to run away. she's also slowed by botrk, and vayne's got bonus MS from botrk. riven's not getting away.
syndra?
I was expecting the Lich King to freeze the water and chase after them... but then I realize they're out of time T_T
Yeah Malph could've gotten a triple if he W active autod someone one more time, then Q'd kogmaw.
How to do Lee Sin Spotting?
According to most people in this thread, apparently a bug gets caught in lee's eyes and he misses 100% of the time... wait a minute
Diamonds = One trick hecarims -&gt; All diamonds are Hecarim mains. Logic
Inb4 Ao Shin turns into the next Blind Monk
^what ^about ^rivershen? ^... ^I ^said ^too ^much
"How did doran fit his suit in that little ring?" - Donger
&gt; This Nami probably stole your ult URF mode nami?
Mundo backdoor tomorrow.
by sion.
*Bard &gt; I want to see his Bard hard carry. ftfy
[Yeah! Be Decisive!](http://gfycat.com/DisgustingTheseElkhound)
It's kinda awkward for Lucian
Christmas came early
To me, this joke was repeated for centuries
5 fingers. QWERT I bind T to taunt
annie stun isn't chainable. she still has cooldowns. learn to accept defeat, you've lost this banter
what if riot's talking about New Skin irl? for like cosplayers and stuff I'd love an Urgot Skin :)
You could say he's in the reverse Master League.
Riot just needs to bring out that MR sunfire thing from PBE so singed can get sum nice itemis
Whoever's urethra sphincter is looser will open up. Thus male kegel is born.
[NSFW] they will poop in your penis hole
You shared it to imgur. the calories obviously counted.
Work = Force x distance particles have a constant Force... the math checks out
How can life steal leave an entire team? what are their ADC gunna build for sustain?
they do follow the 5 second rule. just like how 7 dog years is 1 human year. 5 cow/sheep second is actually (how-ever many years grass live) in human years. That's why hindus worship them as gods. because they are literally immortal
so what your saying is... fences = mirrors. why don't they install fences in public washrooms? it's much cheaper
grils keep friend zoning me in taco bell. gg
then you killed him again right? double kill?
azir, thresh, velkoz also, rengar and ekko E if you count them as ranged :/
Yet another completely useless yasuo tip: Windwall is considered a skillshot and is negated by other windwalls.
why not just give his ult a leash range like W so that he can only go so ham without giving up his get away card
rengar's passive gives him 600 to ~700 range in/upon leaving a brush we're talking about autos. if we're talking about skills, then I would've included xerath Q, R, ziggs R, and shit tons of other thing that Braum and Yasuo don't block
meh windwall is pretty useless in mirror matchups anyways. it's basically just whoever gets tornado first, e-q to the minion nearest enemy yasuo for the knockup and free damage. or psych them out with random E's then Q from another angle
"boy, put your hand down." -judge rivington
There is no cure for autism. best course of action is to take preventative measures. get vaccinated for autism
because it's equal or opposite. it just so happens that it's equal 100% of the time
just add 20 before every 2 digit number.
More like S+
yes because mirror matchups are 100% 1v1 no junglers involved, no supports involved, no top laner with tps involved. strictly solo matchup.
It's called the shurima shuffle
Gragas took advantage of a drunk Ahri ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I thought the Shurima shuffle's the whole combo. what's the point of calling his ult shurima shuffle when we can just call it emperor's divide?
So mercury's a sailer moon fan... I always took it as more of a dragon ball planet.
you need to sexually please your wifey and pay more attention to her. clearly you're a bad husband
just realized that Ekko's face paint is an hourglass. Zhonyas first item ekko, confirmed
ordis is such a troll
