He's running a mix of medium and low settings, and the fact that it already looks better than consoles with these settings (besides shadows) gives me hope for stunning ultra visuals.
Then play DayZ/Arma? Those games are about as hardcore as it gets, but it seems with the term "hardcore" comes broken messes
I beg to differ. The game is already vastly superior now compared to launch. Originally the game wasnt reaching 30fps on a Titan X maxed, now of course, frame rates have pretty much doubled across the board. Also, BS on the 70fps low settings. Im getting around the 50-55 mark on the high preset when running 833p on windowed (but i get to use max render res to make up for running in windowed) and the game looks fantastic. tl;dr, this isnt DayZ. Every other week this game is getting updates and is already miles ahead of how it was at launch. DayZ hasnt improved at all
Thanks, i was pretty happy with the cost around $700, since a friend of mine lent me a spare copy of Windows 7 which I can update to Win10 whenever the need arises. I also got an NXZT340 case (i think thats what its called) and it looks beautiful. For my first PC, the cable management alone is amazing since i can basically shove any unused cables in the space behind the motherboard
I haven't had that issue yet. The more intensive games I own DO go up to the 4 gigs according to MSI Afterburner, but I've yet to encounter problems based off of going above 3.5
Good points. Honestly Im not too worried about the Division since the latest gameplays scream "downgrade" (though I have heard the PC version looks miles ahead of console) As for FFXV, which is currently my most hyped this year, I dont really know how that'll turn out. Yeah the engine has problems, but PS4 can run 25-30fps and just look at how insane that game looks. From my experience, a 970 is about 3x as powerful as the graphics in a PS4. (Going off GTAV at 80-90 fps on high-ultra, and Shadow of Mordor easy 80+ maxed)
Funny enough, I have this exact kit of RAM, though the specs may be different. 8 gigs, DDR4, 2600mhz But how'd you change the color? Mine's blue
Funny enough, I had a dream that my shorted out PS2 started working again, so I plugged it in and it ACTUALLY worked. Spent the next month binging Kingdom Hearts and Battlefront 2
The entirety of the name "Tom Clancy" is realistic, gritty, possible scenarios, which was why Tom Clancy was such a famous writer.
I love when games do 1:1 scale locations like this! AKAIK this game is a pretty flawless 1:1 scale of Manhattan, and I love how massive all the buildings are and how to scale every corner is.
Well the fact that GTX 970 is recommended is great, that means I can max this game with ease :)
If anything, you'd be CPU bound. Getting an AMD CPU is a major slap to the face with the insane advantages of Intel CPUs in most games. According to a few rumors here and there, a 970 is the recommended GPU, but you're CPU isnt even meeting min req (which is an i5 @3.1ghz)
Usually when a dev says something along the lines of "not at launch" its just a PR way of saying "nope"
Use the Amazon trick to get a free key. 1. Preorder a copy of the Division for any platform you want (this does not force the beta code on the plat you chose, so you could preorder PC and redeem beta for PS4) 2. Check your email, you'll get your Division beta key there 3. Redeem beta key through the Division beta site 4. Once redeemed and linked to your account, cancel the Amazon preorder So there you go. Amazon doesnt charge for preorders until the game releases, which is why this works
Wait, Uverse is what fucked everything up?! I always wondered why port forwarding was so broken, and its because of AT&amp;T?
He wanted to see what heaven looked like
I remember hearing something about a "something" launched to the moon's orbit that COMPLETELY missed because some idiot used yards instead of Meters. I honestly don't know how someone could fuck up that bad. If you're a scientist, you use metric, simple as that
Tomb Raider, Hitman, Ashes of Singularity, and all the MS store exclusive games like Forza, GoW, and Quantum Break. Needless to say, many more are following
I didn't say I was cheering on DX12. I have a 970, which I was promised had DX12 support, but since there's no async compute (god dammit Nvidia) I have little to no benefit
PS4 has internal
Love my S340. Used it in my first custom rig (the one I'm using now actually) I absolutely love the thing
Only once have I seen a gaming employee who cares about PC gaming. I was buying a Steam card to get the Witcher 3, and the woman there was like "Have you considered the Fallout Nuke bundle?" (Mini nuke with all the Fallout games inside of it) She was insanely enthusiastic about it, and said she got one herself because she loves Fallout. And considering the bundle had only PC versions of the games, I'm pretty sure she was PCMR
Didn't know I was a peasant for not using a TV for my PC gaming. Maybe I'm interpreting wrong, but this gives the impression that PC gamers at a desk are considered "peasants"
Got my 970 for $300 at Best Buy (normally $380). They price matched Microcenter, but the reason I didn't go there to begin with is because where I live down in the Sunshine state, there are no Microcenters for at least 20 miles out
Probably my biggest one, Counter Strike GO. It's the game that made me lose my "shaky hand" in FPS games (when I saw an enemy I'd have a mini panic attack and pray completely off target)
Division or Far Cry 3 please :) I would just say the Division, but I'm sure that has some demand on this post
DOOM or Far Cry 4 please :D
Canceled Blizzard game
Because of their damn purchase options, I bought Origins without intending too. You'd think for the sake of customers they'd put the cheapest offer first
Strange. I've gotten 6 legendaries out of my 16 boxes ive opened I guess RNG is a bitch
No
That's a special case IMO. The whole point of the Retina displays is to have the resolution just right, so that the average distance you'll be viewing the display from, you wouldn't be able to distinguish the individual pixels, which I can totally do on my 1600x900 22" monitor compared to my 1136x640 4" iPhone. Honestly I think the whole idea of Retina displays is great. Why go for more when you won't notice it? It's just wasted performance, especially on a mobile device where battery comes into play.
Technically, the 3DS has a 3D display without requiring glasses, and in some games can look quite good, others, not so much. A lot of developers use the 3D differently too, I remember playing a lego Star Wars game on 3DS, and the 3D made it look as if the screen was the front face of a box, and you were looking down at the game happening inside of said box
Must be the locked 30fps with dips to the low 20s. And dont get me started on motion blur
Same, but i have 3.8
Can confirm, while better, it still sucks. Where I am, I have 35 down 5 up, and have no data cap (AT&amp;T) and I just barely convinced my parents to not get Comcast (75down 10up) which had a cap "But its faster" they said "But its a trap" Ackbar said
At first, I really liked uTorrent, until I discovered Deluge. Love at first sight
I really wish I had waited a few months more before making my first custom build, but I couldn't help myself. For only $70 more overall I could have got Titan X performance instead of a 970
Is that Rainmeter I see? If so, what's the clock called
Can confirm. On the last day of school a senior drew it on the board and under it said "when X happens"
But Hardline is so "meh"
He's practically getting a Titan X for $400~, I'd say that's worth
The online mode is currently in closed beta IIRC. That said, you could pick up the not-so official multiplayer version to test the waters for when online does release.
How can you dislike a community full of dank memes and calling out companies on their BS/sucking the dicks of others? Sounds pretty gr8 to me /s
I remember a few months back when me and a few friends re-installed Halo PC on our gaming rigs. The sad part is, one of our friends PCs didn't have the popup for unsupported hardware... FeelsBadMan
Right? I thought I was the only one who was bothered by the fact the story was recycled
That god damn OP. ITS SO GOOD
Idk man, Chaika is cute and has god-tier eyebrows, this chick looks like she's gonna kill a certain MC soon
Well the "New" 3DS has 3D that doesnt really require you to be at the proper looking angle. That said, I haven't tried it myself
What did I do wrong? I said that looking at my phone screen looks better than my monitor, and for more reasons than just the PPI, though that is a big reason itself
