Or, Mom has almost no capacity to stand up for herself, nor, by extension, her daughter.
[Panic attacks are very treatable](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment%20for%20panic%20attacks). So is [depersonalization disorder](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment+for+depersonalization%2Fderealization+disorder).
No legal advice, but I think you might want to start by posting to /r/relationships. Maybe you, your mother, and your grandmother need to have a sit down and discuss what limits you want to draw and can stick to, and present a united, consistent front. Once you do that, you may find the police responsive. Right now they probably see no point in getting in the middle of a back and forth between various members of the family. Bear in mind that the three of you may not be able to reach an agreement, or your mother and grandmother might prove unable to stick to a plan. So, instead of trying to "save" them and dealing out physical justice to your brother, you might be well advised to save yourself and your stuff. In other words, decide what your own limits are, and stick to them.
You can meet with your mother and grandmother tomorrow, but like I said, by the sound of things they are not especially likely to want to or be able to set and enforce limits. Although they may not be as physically strong as your brother, they could always call the police if they felt unsafe. That they don't speaks volumes. That is a choice they are making. They may be your family, but they are competent adults, and you can't protect your family unless **they** want you to. All you can do is protect your own valuables and money. Move anything that you don't want to see disappear into your storage space tomorrow. Hire people to help if necessary. Until you have your own living space, your room should consist of your bed and a small suitcase and/or backpack with a couple of days' change of clothes and your toiletries. You have to take care of yourself. If your mother and grandmother cannot agree on a plan of action or stick to it, you cannot save them. It is not your job to save them. It is not possible for you to save them. You may have to walk awak from this situation. I'm sorry.
Unless he was an impulsive person who got a little too excited about owning an expensive and fast car.
Are you waiting for your parents to say, "Oh, you're right, thecagedbird_screams, and we're wrong. Go enjoy your freedom." Because they won't. It's up to you to be tough enough to endure being cut off by them and set limits. Maybe you'll have to block their calls for a while. Are you saying that you can't support yourself unless you live at home?
This person may be mentally ill. This is really not acceptable or normal behavior. Everybody makes mistakes, because we're human. You surely might have done something wrong with this girl. Well, it's her responsibility to tell you *there and then*. "Ow, you stepped on my toes," or "Hey, don't interrupt." "Oh, sorry!" Done. That's how friends are supposed to act. I've done some really stupid-ass things to my friends. They tell me what's wrong, I apologize, we move on. That's how it's supposed to happen. If somebody saves up some hurt or misdeed, says nothing, and then has a huge blow up over sins you had no clue about because they didn't bother to tell you, then that person is a colossal asshole. That person hurt you terribly and is a vindictive and cruel person. But for them to be one way, and suddenly switch and be another way, and not have anything specific that you even did wrong--the quotes you provide above are suspiciously vague and nebulous--then she may be mentally ill. There are some personality disorders that are characterized by the person idealizing others and then suddenly and violently changing their opinion to complete devaluation based on some tiny perceived slight that a healthy person wouldn't even notice. Do some reading on personality disorders. It's not you, it's her. I would say that the part where you two were close and trusting was real. This part, where she is evil and cold to you, is the mental illness. Unfortunately, you would probably so better to move on, but please don't blame yourself.
Having seen and gotten involved in my share of dying businesses, you're not necessarily doing him any favors by propping something that is still on the way out at the sacrifice of your health and sanity. If he's doing something wrong or is undercapitalized, it would be better if he acknowledged what was wrong and either fixed that or walked away before going horribly into debt.
You can't leave until September for safety reasons? Care to elaborate?
How long before they are old enough to go to school? i don't care how disabled they are, they legally have the right to an appropriate education.
Depends on the state. The child has some say inthe court, but until the court modifies it, the police will enforce the standing custody order if the mom calls them. That being said, the best thing OP can do is call the police whenever he feels unsafe--meaning verbal and physical abuse. For instance, OP, when she locks you in the garage, do you have access to food, water, bathroom facilities? If not, you can call the police.
I'm thinking, the more elaborate the wedding, the more dependent they'll be on others to finance it, and having more time to plan and complexity gives Kate more time and excuses to meddle. If everything is simple and the couple themselves are paying for things, the mother-in-law has less say. Although, having written this, she will probably try to stick her fingers in everything anyway, so yeah, the real issue is standing up to her.
Same here. I immediately named them Ashley and Brandon.
It's a species from the African sahel, so it needs space, lots of sunlight (or UVB bulb during the winter), and a grass and vegetable based diet. Also, look up the phrase pyramiding tortoise sulcata. Although this is commonly seen in captive tortoises, especially sulcatas, this is something you need to prevent.
Good Lord, what an absolute loonfest. Regard this as a learning moment. In the future, if you have your own business, remember the importance of drawing lines with clients. Document everything, use contracts, and fire your clients when necessary.
Your life was jeopardized with your last pregnancy. Pre-eclampsia is no joke, as you well know. It's one of the big reasons why women died back in the bad old days. Perhaps you're afraid of becoming pregnant. Regarding your career frustrations, I want to urge you to develop a career. If you have these frustrations, it's for a reason. Also, you never know what might happen in the future. Something might happen to your husband and then you would be in financial peril. Whether or not you have children in the future, you need to be ready to provide for yourself. This is from my personal experience. I gave up two great jobs for my husband, and it turned out to be an unwise decision. Now I'm middle aged and trying to rebuild a new career. People aren't so eager to hire middle aged women. Please don't let this happen to you. No matter how this turns out, and I do hope you take everyone else's advice to seek professional help, please take steps now to be able to hold down a job, and if you do end up having kids, their young, dependent years are short. Stay employed!
Almost any king of grass is okay, including your law, if you haven't used pesticides or chemicals. [This page](http://www.sulcata-station.org/diet.html) has a list of different grasses you can feed him.
Another thing to consider: it costs several hundred dollars to file for bankruptcy.
The father should sue for custody and ask for a psych evaluation.
"Mom, we've talked about this. I don't see any reason to talk about this further." Leave, go to room and close door, go to another room and close door, go for a walk, sit in your car. It is wonderful and loving for them to support you in your illness. It is reasonable for them to have house rules while you are under their roof. It is pointless and abusive to continuously harangue you for something that in 2.5 hours has to have been completely clarified. No matter what your situation and what your religion, you have a right to basic human dignity, which includes not being verbally harangued endlessly.
Do you have any friends or family from before you were married? Reach out to these people, even if you feel like you could die from shame, even if you haven't contacted some of them in years. I'm betting that there are more than a few of them who would be thrilled to hear from you and support you in various ways--a place to stay, a recommendation for a lawyer, an old car, a job tip. These people are out there. Look for them. To your ex's face, be "fresh as a lettuce." Act sweet and non-threatening. Never let him guess what you're about to do next. Step 0. Document all interactions with your ex. Step 1. Make a back up his computer. Get a new computer that's all yours. Don't let him know of its existence. Change all your passwords. Step 2. Reach out to friends. Get the best lawyer you can, even if you have to borrow money (what's going on with your family?). Whatever the lawyer says, do. Step 3. With the help of the lawyer, women's shelters, and friends, make an escape plan and get out. Take the kids, but bear in mind that there is probably no reason for you to get full custody. Take your lawyer's advice and stay legal. (Adultery makes no difference in a divorce case). Step 4. Once you're out of the house, file for divorce. Bear in mind that once you move out, as long as you're upholding the terms of the separation agreement, he does not need to know where you live. All correspondence can go through your lawyer, and the kids can be picked up and dropped off at school. EDIT: this goes with Step 0: Take care of your body. You won't be able to make all the new and renewed connections you have to make, love your children,find a job, find a new place to live, and survive the various legal proceedings that are going to take up your time for the next couple of years, unless you find a healthy way to deal with your stress. Eat your vegetables, stay away from caffeine, alcohol and refined carbs, spend at least 1/2 hour every day doing something that makes you sweat, get enough sleep, practice some form of meditation daily, and get yourself and your children into therapy.
That's awesome. I didn't like that some of the commenters on the last post seemed to have the attitude that just because they were kids you should suck it up. Nobody should have to endure being harrassed daily.
The "Yes I'm 18" button is so that the website is not held liable for showing porn to children. If you lie and say you're 18, that's on you.
In small towns, his butthole is tiny, dark, and fetid. You can barely fit a donkey carcass in there. In Chicago, his butthole is as cavernous as the sky, and produces ill winds that swirl about the highways with a howl that would curdle the blood of Al Capone's pet banshee. This is accompanied by the almost equally colossal assholes of lesser and demi demons. This, actually, is why Chicago is called the Windy City.
Public drunkeness, disturbing the peace. It wasn't that arbitrary. Sorry, but your friend sounds like a bit of an entitled jerk. If you're drunk, get rowdy indoors or in some venue, or behave yourself in public.
Send a death certificate along with the letter, then.
Engage with him as little as possible. Be vague, pleasant, noncommittal. I'm with pretty much everybody else in this thread in thinking you should get out this week. Make a plan, keep it secret, and GTFO. Don't answer his calls or emails. Save voicemails and emails from him. And DO NOT COMMUNICATE WITH HIM directly after that.
Just like keeping her from having an income keeps her dependent as well.
Confusing, right? I wonder if the mother knows. If the mother is clueless and thinks she is being supportive, OP should have a sit down with Mom and make an arrangement to stay with her immediately. If Mom shames OP or tries to make her stay with this guy after hearing that he tried to choke her daughter--OMG that would be too awful.
Sex us fun. You are young. It is hard to control strong impulses when you are young. Fortunately, you were intelligent enough to know what to do to take responsibility about it. Over the next couple of weeks, if your girlfriend feels like she is about to get her period and then doesn't, she may be pregnant. You know who can really help you? Planned Parenthood. They are amazing about giving away free, high quality condoms, because they know that people who don't have much money still like to have sex. Here's how you will channel your worry into something productive. Do some research and find the nearest Planned Parenthood. Make an appointment for yourself and your girlfriend in which you tell them the whole story you told us here. They should be friendly and non-judgmental so that the next time sex impulses hit, you will have a plan and equipment in place. They will also help you plan what to do in case your girlfriend turns out to be pregnant. Good luck, and here's hoping your girlfriend's "little red friend" appears soon. P.S. You should keep going to that pharmacy, because it sounds like they've got your back.
Can you give us more information about the girl/woman?
Only half of students have developed the capacity to reason abstractly by the time the graduate from high school. The tough part is that you need to be challenged to reason abstractly in order to develop that capacity faster.
That's hilarious. There are girls who spend literally the entire day putting on makeup. Then they infect girls around them by passing their stuff around. Then they get mad at you for handing them a paper because can't I see they're doing something?
...who think the thread is actually about how much their teacher sucks.
It gets to the point where there are so many apathetic little shots that once you make a seating chart that disttubutes them perfectly, they shout at each other, making the problem classwide.
The phrase "please don't, that's inappropriate," uttered in a low, almost kindly voice (implying that it doesn't bother me personally) goes a long way for me. Then say "thank you" when they stop. I don't see how any parent could fault you for trying to keep things "appropriate." That word is your friend.
There are teachers who make the students write down the objective, agenda, and homework every day. That way if a kid refuses to do so, it's on them.
And the worst part is, one of those kids might be a lying bully, but you have no way of knowing which one. Usually it's more that they are egocentric and think that everything they do is justified and everything the other kid does is wrong.
That's a very solid rant. When I was young, we were challenged as elementary students. I slowly came to realize how very unusual that was. I think if I had been educated "here's-how-to-do-it-now-do-it" formula day in and day out, I might have turned into the worst student out there.
He could smear the lower part of the window with Vaseline so that the window violators wind up with sticky fingers.
It's really noble of you to be working on a way to keep Dad in the picture. But if Dad isn't that motivated to see the boy, I want to present some problems that you may confront. I have a lot of experience with moving a boy around because my ex was in academia. You and your boy would enjoy what I did: lots of dislocation without the support of military benefits and social structure. Yes, we got to see the country and had many unforgettable experiences, but you can get the same by vacationing. It really hurt both my son and I to keep saying good-bye to friends, to have to abandon community and places we had grown attached to, to have to keep finding new doctors and dentists and schools all over again. Fortunately, my son turned out to have very strong social skills, so he always managed to make new friends. Many kids are not so lucky and would struggle a lot more and end up being socially isolated. Small children, and boys in particular, need space to run around and act like the little monkeys that they are. They deserve a living situation which is appropriate to this need where they won't end up breaking things and getting yelled at a lot. They need parks and playgrounds and they need friends in those spaces, because playing even with a cool, fun mom isn't ever going to be the same. They need to have things like bikes and skateboards and basketballs, and these things are going to get dusty and dirty, because children need physical, unstructured play. Kids also need a certain amount of toys and art supplies. Whereas I agree wholeheartedly that many modern children have too many toys, it is normal for kids to develop interests, which may be intense. Some of these interests will fade quickly but some of these will develop into lifelong interests. Toys and play develop a child's mind and imagination, and playing with their friends develops a child's social skills. I learned about math and reading diagrams playing with blocks and Legos. Both my son and I spent much of our childhoods building elaborate imaginary cities with people, buildings, cars, trains, and airports, and both alone and with our friends, concocted ongoing and complex dramas of crime, natural disasters, attacking monsters, international intrigue, and noble sorrows and grand tragedies. You need a box of toys to really get that going. Kids need books. Sure, you can cycle out the books they've outgrown as you acquire new ones, and you can rely largely on your local bookstore, public library, or the Internet, but young children find tremendous comfort in re-reading certain beloved books over a number of years, and older children deserve to enjoy having a favorite book or two that is all their own--an encyclopedia of reptiles and amphibians, a Spanish-English picture dictionary, a book of sports cars or WWII airplanes--whatever your kid loves and finds continuity in. Kids need a place to do their homework. That place needs things like a stapler, glue, markers or crayons, pens and pencils, a pencil sharpener, and scissors. They need enough space to put the posterboard flat and still have some room for the supplies when they're working on that project on Volcanoes or Martin Luther King, Jr. You need room for a laptop and a printer and a backup drive with daily backups for that inevitable day when he spills his drink all over the laptop. To live in a tiny house, you need to be tidy and organized. you can t let the dishes just go; you can't let the laundry pile up. You have to curate your possessions ruthlessly. You have to organize your papers perfectly so that you can locate your 2012 taxes, passport, or that receipt at a moment's notice. Most adults have to work at developing this skill. It is the rare child who has the remotest interest in this skill, let alone the capacity for it. In short, this is how I see it. In the past, kids lived sod huts in the woods or tepees or tenements, but this is not the past. Those kids of history were living in an environment in which everybody else was in similar conditions, so they were adapted to that. Some of those kids were made stronger in some sense, but many did not thrive. Your son lives in a day and age and culture in which his companions will be watching TV, playing with toys, participating in sports, riding their bikes, and playing video games. Much as you and I might decry the detritus of the modern age, or we find the vulgarity of television and the repetitive violence of some video games off putting, the reality is that sheltering our kids from these things does not save them from their effects; it only isolates them from their peers. Kids use chatter about popular culture, sports, and toys as a way of relating to each other. Maybe one of us should do an AskReddit about what it was like for kids who were sheltered from these things. My unscientific impression, gleaned from reading and anecdotes, is that such children tended to resent the isolation that comes from feeling weird and out of it. Kids need friends. Moving around is awful and can be a risk factor for depression or isolation for some kids who aren't very socially adept. Kids need stuff. No, they don't need a McMansion full of stuff, but you are living in a modern society, so your kid will need at least a box full of toys, a computer and printer, some sports equipment, and a variety of school supplies. Even if you possess the minimum of these things that you can get away with, all this will take up space. To help your kid socialize, you want him to be able to invite a friend or two over for sleepovers. In a trailer based tiny house, I don't see that happening. Kids make messes until they are developmentally capable of being tidy and organized, which might not happen until their early twenties (think of college). The smaller the living space, the more you will either have to clean up after him or nag him to clean up. I have two close people in my life who grew up moving a lot and having to ruthlessly cull their possessions. My bestie was the child of migrant workers, and was only allowed to keep whatever items could fit in her pillowcase. My sister-in-law was a military child with a very strict mother who threw out most of their things every time they moved. Both women were profoundly affected by their childhoods. They have complex relationships with their mothers, and they regard their childhoods as a hardship to overcome. Neither look upon their childhoods very fondly. Both strived hard to earn as much as they could, and both now live in large houses. As a toddler, your son is currently focused on what makes him happy or sad at the moment. This will quickly change. By the time he is in kindergarten, he will start making friends and wanting to socialize. He will be increasingly rambunctious, he will want toys, and he will, over time, grow increasingly resentful of a mother who chooses what he will regard as a lifestyle of self-denial and transience. I think you should abandon this plan of trailing a disinterested father. You need a two bedroom living situation, or at least a one-bedroom where you sleep on the sofa if you're super desperate, and the boy gets the room. There is a happy medium between McMansion materialism and transient, unstable poverty. Stay near your family. Let your boy have some space and a box of toys, games, and books. Let him have the best of a normal, modern childhood (it's not all bad). Let him have friends for keeps. Try to make your house the one his friends want to come to. Let him have a pet, if he wants. Take some pressure off yourself. Save up for your tiny trailer home for when he turns 18. Who knows, maybe he'll want to join you.
Just adding to the pile-on. Woman, ADHD-PI, diagnosed in my 40s. ADHD was the first thing that came to mind when I read your post. If this is the case, be prepared for a lot of disbelief and people running on about how everybody has adhd because of modern life and how kids are misdiagnosed becase they aren't allowed to be kids anymore and shitty parenting blah blah blah. It's not fun. However, you have to understand that no matter how hard you try, you can't stop being who you are. It may also be that he, too, has a form of ADHD. He manages his environment ruthlessly in order to not feel overwhelmed by clutter in his visual field. He overfocuses on the XBox. Who knows. For your own sake, it would be good to start this journey to learn if this is what's going on, and if so, how to manage it. There's medication, which trust me, is not the mortal sin people make it out to be if it helps. There are certain practices that can help tremendously, too. For instance, I have a hook by the door and my purse goes on the hook the minute I walk in the door, no exceptions. My keys are on a carabiner that clip onto the purse, or onto my belt loop, no exceptions. However, this is /r/relationships, so we have to deal with your husband's coldness. I'm sorry, honey, but I'm a little worried about that one. The two of you have been together for most of your adult lives. Maybe it's just over for him. If it wsa just your disorganization that was the problem, you might have a guy reacting with frustration, but loving at other times, or appreciative when you do make an effort. I don't know if your husband is self absorbed, if he thinks a woman should be a maid, or what. I'm saying, start the journey to see if you have ADHD for your own sake. But you are who you are. Maybe it's time to have a sit down with your husband and ask him point blank if he is still in love with you and if he still wants to be married. You're looking for a Yes. If he says Yes, then off to couples counseling you go. It can't be all on one person. If he acts like everything's your fault, that's not acceptable.
The situations are completely different. In that thread, what was concerning was erratic behavior and verbal abuse from both parties. Even assuming the wife didn't want the husband in the kitchen, the obscenities yelled in front of the children is unacceptable for married partners and parents. Housework was the least of those people's issues.
I want to second what /u/davisdoglady said about therapy for all. This little boy has been through a lot what with a druggie, unstable mother, seeing drug use, a revolving door of skanky guys, and now his mother being jailed. Spend some time reading about child development and temperament. There is little understanding in our society about what constitutes normal child behavior. Furthermore, all kids are different, and furthermore, this poor kid has surely experienced very little stability or consistency. He may have odd behaviors like food hoarding. He may have a hard time believing or trusting adults because of having been lied to so much. He may be a bit wild or immature for his age. Learn as much as you can about what you're getting into, what to expect, and what to do about it.
That's not true in all cases. In California, they put the couple's financials into a computer program called the Dissomaster that the court is obliged to follow (unless the parties voluntarily agree to some other deal). The program runs the same no matter what the gender of the people involved, even if they're same sex, whatever.
Are you actually bringing up that tired old lazy Mexican stereotype? Because if you had actually lived in California, you would now how absolutely untrue that is.
Hmmm...idk about New Mexico, but in Cali life is expensive and you better be on point, at least when it comes to business and work, or you'll find yourself under a bridge abutment.
Ask the first friend if you could attend part of her next session with her. Tell the second friend that she needs to seek professional help. It would be like her saying to you all the time, "That cancer sure hurts like hell," expecting you to make it better, while not seeing a doctor. Then you get a scalpel and some bandages and poke around in there because you feel bad and she is reaching out to you. I wonder if you aren't trying to compensate for your friend who died by trying to rescue these two. It is exhausting and terrible, I know from experience. Everybody deserves some mercy and a helping hand now and then, so they can *help themselves up*. If that's not enough, if your friends are doing this every day, something is wrong. Either they are not taking responsibility for their own lives, or they are not open to the changes they need to heal and get stronger, or they are attention seekers, or something. Whatever it is, you need to shut this down. You are not doing them or yourself any favors. At this rate they are going to drag you down with them. You have the right to protect your own mental health. Talk to their therapists, school counselors, family, SOs, whatever they have. Stop letting them dump all over you and force them to deal with their problems appropriately.
This person does not love you. They like the convenience of having a friend with benefits. I hope you are not dependent on them economically. If so, please take immediate steps to remedy this. If not, please just leave. Don't ask permission, just leave. They are wasting your time. As long as you are tied up with this person, how will you ever meet anyone else?
Oh myy, you do flatter! I look forward to your response with interest.
