That's exactly what "worth it" means in that chart...
cumulus mango and autumn sky 20pg/80vg 0mg
sounds yummy
The shipping was free and that's the only reason why I haven't called the post office and bitched them out about it. I can understand it taking awhile for it to get from NY to Houston because of all the recent flooding, but 10 hours to get from the hub facility to my local post office is ridiculous.
0mg nic 80/20
I have no real need for the box but i do want a black or white subtank mini
reddit enhancement suite helps
ill probaby upgrade right away. but im willing to deal with any BS
love the name
then why waste the time to set it up in the first place?
I'm not questioning the site itself just the store section which receives no attention from the owner.
Then why bother to have an online store in the first place.
no sry
I'm the same way, the only reason I ever go to a B&amp;M anymore us to pick up some juice when I'm low and don't feel like waiting for shipping. With the ludacris prices and and often rude employees there isn't much of a reason to support most of them.
awesome
80/20 0mg
high VG, 0mg
a secret
Welp that just another reason to make me not go to California
In order to be a "good" politician you need to have no real beliefs or values and just sell your vote to the highest bidder.
You say that until they push a bill through classifying E-Juice as a Tobacco product.
raising the smoking age will have very little if any effect on underage users.
It wantonly did this to me and I haven't messed with and settings, but thanks for the advice I'll look at it.
Throughout the entire match, it makes torping harder.
Everyman I've tried
I think all of us that own it did the same and a lot of us that didn't own it, bought it.
Possibly but it was working fine with the mods for a week or 2
Green apple and grapefruit
Sweet sunrise 80vg 0mg nic
Black IPv4 and 2 Sony vtc4's, please!
100843543
I love trying new rda's
Love the color scheme
Myst, Fruit Salad, Candy Apple, Acai Berry, and Frozen Hell Thank you!
Paragon Little boy Franken vape 0mg
Castle Long is the clear winner, live the UI
the issue persist, at this point im probably just going to reinstall.
BLAME CANADA!
Sweet
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Peanut butter and jesus
If only it wasn't ugly bulky and awkward.
In all my years(25 of them) I've never seen anyone that ignorant. I hope you and your friend educated him.
Only when I accidentally click the icon, I get out of it as soon as possible.
This is all you need.
How about we at least wait to see a release date before pre-ordering. That being said I will most likely pre-order it when the various editions are announced.
Comfort of grip? I don't know about you but I hate the edges on most box mods.
Good thing it wasn't a corsair
He's right though... Am I missing something here?
1. Can be cheaper. 2. You can control what ohms the coil is at. 3. You can choose what quality if cotton to use. 4. You can choose the type of wire used. Basically as long as you have the patience, dexterity, tools and materials required there is very little reason to buy pre-made coils(unless you have a tank where rebuilding is stupidly hard)
