I'm having this same dilemma. I have an old Getzlaf jersey from 2007 and then a Lovejoy jersey as it is but I want the new jersey we got this season. I wanted to get a Silfverberg but I'm waiting until we re-sign him or something. I thought about getting a Jackman jersey but we only sign him 1 year at a time and I don't want him leaving as soon as I buy it. I REALLY want a Kesler jersey but he's another one I'm not sure about contract wise.
Yeah if he re-signs with us, like another 5 year deal, I'll definitely get his jersey. Hopefully on a sweet new 3rd jersey too.
You must have watched a different series than I did then. A few bounces go our way instead of Chicago's and we sweep them.
Haha I'm glad someone else from here saw them too. I got a picture with both of them. I was beyond stoked! http://i.imgur.com/dwM6S9W.jpg http://i.imgur.com/jCBpXGP.jpg?1 I didn't notice Gabby until I noticed Beauch so it wasn't a total shock factor I guess you could say. He was there with his wife and kid. His wife had a Ducks hoodie on, his son had a Ducks beanie on (he actually took the picture for me) and Gabby, as you can see in the picture, had a Ducks hat and polo on. I told him thanks for a great season and I hoped he could bring the cup back home to Anaheim next season. Providing he's still our coach.. Beauch was sitting 2 rows in front of me and I recognized him right away by his nose. I just went up to him and said "hey I know you're with your son and I don't want to bother you but is there any way I can get a picture with you?". And he was super nice about it and said yeah sure go ahead. I then told him that even though he might be disappointed about how things turned out that I was proud of the guys and thanked him for a great season and how I hope we re-sign him. But then I felt bad because I was the first one to get a picture with him then about 9-10 more people came down and wanted pictures haha. Gabby didn't even know Beauch was there until he walked through the aisle to go up and get something. The look on each others faces was priceless to see. They chatted for a bit too then Gabby and his family left after around the 4th inning. Beauch happened to stay all the way through the 10 innings. http://i.imgur.com/fRD5gbv.jpg
You mean he needs an explanation on HOW he scored the goal? If he has to ask why he needs to score a goal I don't think he understands the game very well.
An original six team with more fans than a 23 year told team who is playing like utter shit right now...not surprised what so ever. It actually happens rather often. I'm a STH for the Ducks and we get outnumbered by opposing teams ALL THE TIME. EDIT: And it's the fucking Wings, so duh.
I will be there my fowl brethren
He's done this 4 times now. 3 of those 4 results in the GWG being scored right after his turnover. I'm sick of this shit. But I guess the bright side was we didn't lose because of him.
He punched Quick in the head seconds before this too. I ALREADY ADORE HIM!
Had Bobby Ryan stayed we'd actually have a real LW to play on the top line with Getzlaf and Perry. Also, I'd REALLY love to have Beauchemin back instead of Stoner or Bieksa.
:( I miss that frenchy. Now we're stuck with that pylon Bieksa.
DOC
Didn't see anything wrong in those clips. In the first clip, he had the puck with Stamkos so obviously he'd be controlling him as the center so that's not position locking. Then he took the faceoff and didn't switch off right away but still chased you to the net. You said he never switched off of center but yet I saw he was using Hedman and chased you most of the time until he saw you just go to the top of the zone and try to cycle in that second clip. Plus, you could have only been going for cross crease all game which made him play a skill zone defense, we don't know. I don't use skill zone unless I play someone who ONLY tries to go for cross creases and I've read on here a lot of people are the same way. Hate it break it to you but you just come off as a dude who got beat and is now pissed about it. EDIT: I see you deleted the second clip showing the fact that he indeed did NOT position lock hahahahaha. So now you're trying to give a guy a bad name by lying because you lost. Ooof.
Perry - Getzlaf - Zetterberg is the best line I've ever used.
Perry - Getzlaf - Benn has also been quite great for me as well.
YEEEE LOVEJOY
I did the same with a real-time all base Ducks team. Got to D1 but could never really compete with my squad. You gotta remember it all comes down to the dude with the controller in his hands 9 out of 10 times and not the players you have. BUT, I will say it was awesome being someone 5-0 or something and looking at their squad to see they were running an all MOV or TOTY team. Good times.
My MOV Kesler is seriously unreal. I've had him on my 2nd or 3rd line and no matter what roster I've used he's been absolutely unstoppable.
You're 66-1-1 with this squad? http://www.huthead.com/16/rosters/create#BbXBbXBa5CcnAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABbkCsiBbwBchBbvBbxBavBdBBdoBcYBdfCt3BbSBcWBamBcNBcPBbXBa51 Are you playing single player against the cpu?
Which is bizarre because he's awful IRL
Nope. Not one bit. We got Kesler in return and he's a way better player. I look at Bonino how I look at Palmieri. I loved them while they were on the team and they were great but they never would have been able to fully reach their potential with their roles on our team. Definitely happy to see him playing so well though.
100% don't care about him. He was essentially useless for us and we even tried him on every line. He couldn't even cut making our PK line which is also kind of a head scratcher. He never fit well with us.
MOV Kesler and MS Cogliano. Also, base Johnson is insanely fast and I think plays faster than his 92.
Well, in my personal experience it's worked EVERY time I've been in there. Whether I'm trying to trade a player or looking for a certain player. I've even had people specifically help me look for a certain player just because they wanted to. Never even asked them either. The trade/sell threads are probably one of the best on this sub hands down.
Might help if you said what your current lineup was.
I use hybrid controls too and I've wondered this too. This same shit has always happened to me where my lines go 1-3-4-2. And my 4th line will also stay out the longest too. It's really odd.
Hate to break it to you but that graph is just for news headlines if I'm not mistaken. So this literally has NOTHING to do with bandwagoning what so ever.
Damn. And then someone gave you a Toews tonight too? How come all the dudes with unbelievably stacked teams alway win these "giveaways"?
&gt; Ever since 1999, each Final has went at least 6 or 7 games except 2007 LOL SORRY OTTAWA
bought some coins off him and he was extremely fast as well as polite. would buy from again!
good luck haha
Not trying to judge but, THAT is the funniest joke you've ever heard? I must have missed something then.
Oh ok I just thought I missed something hidden or what not so I wanted to make sure haha
Too bad you aren't on PS4. There's 3 (185k, 190k and 245k) up of him now with the LPS being 200k. Hornqvist's 91 TOTW has a LPS of 107k on PS4 too so you'd be short haha
Office Space is a classic. He had a million to work with though and not 150k haha
LOL HILLER
Yeah my MOV Kesler with the C on him got out skated by a back skating Clayton Stoner..
It's all good. I didn't want to remain competitive anyway
You act like us Ducks fans don't already know this shit haha. He was our coach before he was ours unfortunately.
Why? He's definitely not worth the 4m a year we're paying him. Sorry.
Wait so where is this game plan at? Never saw one in that awful article...
Heatley was one of the worst card I've ever used. Had him on a line with MOV Perry and MOV Getzlaf at the time too. Such a bummer too because I was excited to use him.
When I get home I'll try and find the TSN and NHL.com articles. They're all a little different but give decent info and examples.
Game 7's at home.
Bought 400k off him. Went quick and easy. Would buy from again.
bought 200k extremely fast from him. would buy from again.
Fowler will get traded before Lindholm does. I LOVE your positive attitude about Lindholm winning a Norris but I think I have a better chance of marrying a Victoria's Secret model.
LOL you're bitching after 2 collections? I did every NHL collection and the highest I got was base Wheeler..
Hate to break it to you but bases of Zetterberg, Nyquist and Kronwall won't add up to Seguin's LPS.
There isn't a SCE of him...
