the bricks have been deemed a total loss lol.
That can be arranged...on the next electioohh who amid kidding.
RIP to my nigga Boo-Boo
Still more entertaining than the May-Pac fight
So musicians don't work hard and aren't legitimate?
The face of regret the guy makes before being KTFO is priceless.
Never forget
Yeah when I shop for fruits raw veggies I hit up Food town or Foodarama. Kroger really jacks up the price on produce. 99 cents for ONE lime? GTFO
Looks like "new yok"
Who?
I saw a few victims that where passed out by 6. We poked them with a stick to make sure they were alive.
I Was there and have a [pic](http://imgur.com/ocLyW4P). Too busy dancing to take more.
Yeah I remember the last post.
I can smell the grilled crow from here.
Yes every time she sings "Talking Body"
That shouldn't count lol. That was beyond epic.
Curry looking [like](http://static1.businessinsider.com/image/4feb7ca06bb3f7526200000a/cristiano-ronaldo-struggle-head-shake-gif.gif)
They can snitch on each other when it's something tiny like this but not when people's lives are fucked by police brutality?
Applause for doing your job? The job where you VOWED to Protect and Serve? Fuck me.
I hope the inmates find something else about him valuable.
Athletes are entertainers, children are children. Do you applaud he garbage man when he picks up your trash?
Mexicans were here before Texas.
Let's nip this in the bud.
Les would rather own a hockey team than have one lease Toyota Center with a different owner. If the money were right Les would jump at a Hockey team.
You aren't missed.
2 NBA Championships&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;a minor league Mickey Mouse turner cup Ps. It's easier to sell more tickets when they are free with any taco cabana purchase.
Never too late for a Salary dump
I was there. FPSF in H-Town
Omg this happened only 505 miles away from my house! I'm heading to Katy.
Mars stage.
I don't know a skinny Fred....
Yep. I have to drive to San Marcos to get fix (dozen) once or twice a year.
I've been praying for this Costco to open for 3 years. No more driving into greenway in the afternoons!!
The customs wait during summer is hell. Came back from Europe and had to wait almost 2 hours to get through customs but you should be fine getting to hobby. The driver could take he beltway to 45 south if need be.
Kind of car?
The beginning of training camp.
Like many animals the yuppies migrate north to the heights during the summer for their patio bars.
But I though corporations had our best interest in mind? I thought regulation was a bad thing?
You might as well be wearing a wife beater too.
Sergio Llull is the Finals MVP
You know Hood is an abbreviation of Neighborhood right? Thus the idea of keeping Neighborhoods intact. Let's not turn the word Hood into the new "Thug".
Next date leave that in your car as "trash"
Bear claws up, don't shoot.
Pro tip: leave that in your car as "trash" next time you pic up your parents to go somewhere. FREE DINNER and maybe even some gas money.
I got beer thrown on me by some jerk Mardid fans (of course) during the Clasico game. It gets packed and rowdy there. Fun for me but I could see it being too rowdy for some.
My religious beliefs allow me exemption from your man made rules. /s
That guy is a giant racial troll. Don't give him the pseudo internet fame him wants.
The grand Jury won't charge this trigger happy dude with murder. You can't approach people unarmed and not expect to be shot in the State. Seems like people take pride in that. The Way of the Gun in Wild West Texas. 2015 or 1915?
"How are these legal"
I forgot to tie my laces and I've been wearing the hell of the shoes for 4 days. Went to a concert and really broke them in.
