The cops clearly know they're there and ignore them. So your point doesn't make much sense. Why weren't the adults arrested/detained then? Because the cops knew they weren't a threat and reacted accordingly.
Fucking ketzero.
He still kinda has a point, he doesn't owe you your play style or your kill mails.
Not really.
Winner.
Are you? Obvious satire is obvious. Jesus kid.
Sounds like a kid. Writes like a kid. Tastes like a kid. Probably a kid, kid.
its' good for pew. C5 static to do some small scale jewing/gank, null for roams. I advocated heavily for some of my previous groups to move into a hole like that.
Well, the instant you replied you downvoted. So you were upset. You can try and play it off now, sure. But we both know the truth.
Send support a picture of your bank account status for them to unlock it on your phone.
Everytime I stop by PFR's systems they stay docked up in station, playing station games. For a group that doesn't care about killmails they sure seem like everybody else in existence.
Even when they "adapt" they're affected by emp, the duration is just shorter. Funnel them through a kill-zone with 1-2 emp grenaders, the rest with guns, usually makes short work of the mechanoids.
That one doesn't seem too bad, but some of the killmails I saw were literally all in the same minute. So yea, ban hammer.
Brown v Texas man...lol
What was this exploit?
I've never heard of appeals using jury, it's always just been judges.
In the reply from the OP with the conclusion, he's asking if anyone knows any no win/ no fee lawyers for a lawsuit. For a professional victim, wouldn't he already have these contacts on hand?
I was watching this video...and was thinking "Hey I know that voice". Then I heard Kira and was like "wtf ok this is crazy" Then I got my head out of my ass and looked at the post names.
Spotted the corporate shill.
Uh....15km was the keep at range.
The sun would provide the heat! Probably not enough but would be cool.
Just press Q. Works on any distance.
T1 nano. Don't those like...not even take any fitting?
Prosecutor was "not re-hired". Not fired or anything, just his contract was not renewed.
Why do you have that heretic flair.
If they weren't nerfing dread dps vs subcaps I'd say that was a terrible idea. As it stands, it's only awful.
I've abused the shit out of dread dps against subcaps. http://www.eve-razor.com/killboard/?a=kill_related&amp;kll_id=619522 25 finishing blows because we managed to land a web or two. I also made my eve fortune out of shooting sleepless guardians in wormholes with dreads. https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/1vfphq/how_to_be_space_richtm_like_calmatt/ Believe me, I know how to use a fucking dread. And I fully, 100% admit, dreads are overpowered versus subcaps at the moment. This nerf versus subcaps is only a good thing. I shouldn't be able to wave my dread dick around and fuck everyone in the mouth. Yet I can, and do. Coming to a mouth near you, 2016.
The guy's name is Tricky Dutch
He was webbing un-overheated at 15km. So, even with links, he's slightly faction fit. Pretty sure the point was as well but can't be arsed to go back and look.
Dutch communities in EVE are about as much terror as the Dutch are in real life. :)
What's the point of ascendancy implants if everyone else in the fleet doesn't also have them? Feels like there's way better implants in those slots to have.
Ok dude wtf. You can run c5 sites with a marauder, not even crazy faction tank. And you died in a fucking c3. Seriously. I'm like, mad for all the wrong reasons here.
Probably not. Gilas have great alpha and everyone underestimates them. 0 m/s would've given a penetrating or wrecking shot.
Hey If you're careful and know what to look for you can make money on these, I've done it. Got to about 200mil profit then accidentally bought a vexor for VNI prices. Still positive! I just stopped when I was ahead afterwards though.
Do you mean for turrets? Not really. The closest you get is that there's typically "dual" medium guns with the lower tier caliber. Less range, less dps, but better tracking. So cruisers can get frigates harder with frigate tracking, and battleships hit cruisers with cruiser tracking. Analogous but current rapid missile doctrines are actually superior to most other larger caliber missile turrets unfortunately. And why not? Cuz fuck you. No really turrets are mostly fine atm (except minmatar medium arty).
We're all PL alts. I'm also a RLLO alt. Also been accused of being a brave alt. And a HK spy. And NC. one time. Jesus Christ you guys are paranoid.
Only times I used them was in legions and...oh....my god....you're right.
Well that's rich.
Come on, really? Illegal immigrants?
He's captain, now.
better
wh space
&gt; The math of suicide ganking has been finely honed. There's no real risk in it. The math of suicide ganking has been finely honed. There's no real risk in it.
It's funny, if you hang it from the mirror they can also (legally) ticket you for an obstructed window, and there's plenty precedence for this. So either way, this ticket's getting tossed, especially with the PR.
How can you tell if someone lives in a wormhole? There's be about 3 battle reports and reddit posts.
He's about half on point, and you know exactly the point he's trying to make. Instead of addressing it, you're taking advantage of his lapse and acting like you have no clue what he's trying to say. You're both ass-hats, unfortunately.
Wtf? Spoons? Like...silver? Sourch: American. Not fucking sorry.
Answer: Probably. Are the numbers in yet? No.
Dunno why the downvotes, in SF where I drive this is absolutely true and is exactly what I've been doing. Uber does tend to surge higher though so I'll compare the two depending on the area I'm in.
I drive in SF. If I drove for Uber for 10 hours I'd make $150. Take 35 out of the earnings for gas, and minus the mileage for depreciation and I'm making less than minimum wage.
