the jungle hat is so unfresh i make it a point to target people wearing them and ensuring that I try and kill them at least twice a match. The jungle hat is gross and it is a crime on squid society. Its very existence is a mistake and patrons of the item are accordingly also mistakes for having thought such a heinous thought. i'm only half joking.
a kid hanging out in the wilderness when said game is set in a metropolis / acropolis area is quite unfresh
so lets have a bunch of knee-jerk reactions just like yesterday
THIS IS WHAT I WATCH TANKETBALL FOR THE CLOSE GAMES THE YOUNG TALENT THE PING PONG BALLS #AND THE LOSSES
#[MFW TJ WARREN HAS 29 POINTS] (http://i.imgur.com/CYW3P6i.jpg)
try OKC ORL or LAC - GSW, either time
Dammit pels we can't tank at full efficiency if you guys also keep losing games
If we get the right package. I do not expect to be getting the right package anytime soon.
I can call a hater when I see one
That makes way too much sense for it to ever happen. But that third team who would get Waiters and Morris... holy shit that'd probably be a really good team.
ah ha HA I LOVE MEMES
Why you being a hater?
buy wii u, play splatoon, lose fuckin mind
Remember, timmy's unfortunate life is the entire reason he was granted fairy godparents in the first place
It's okay, he's gonna change it in four years
SQUATS JUMP ROPE LUNGE SQUATS and remember to ice your knees that's all it is really after a bit of training I bet you'll be close to doing [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Bwpi-LLv2k)
so much of it
I was 6'4" at the time of that, 6'5" now and I can't jump as high as back then (I was touching the top of the square back then) but I can get to dunking height much more easily now.
i just mostly did track and field (high, triple jump) but it didn't help as much as just doing squats, lunge squats, and jumping rope. I would probably emphasize lunge squats and jumping rope the most out of all exercises in terms of verticality. Because verticality is a combination of explosiveness and strength; you also can't go wrong with incorporating some dead lifts into your routine (maybe some cleans as well) but if you had to do the bare minimum to reach 10'6", i would definitely stick with lunge squats and jump rope.
at this point i'm willing to believe that hornashit is now simply a myth, is this guy real
Going back to .52 gal after running with a dual squelcher was like "HoLY shIT LOOK AT ALL THiS POWER". First time gal users will probably be mindblown by that weapon.
if you are using a tentatek or other weapon w/ suction bombs: using a suction bomb right at it will make the bomb explode immediately. if the enemy is close enough to the wall that will immediately splat them. Seen it work way too many times for it to be a gimmick.
AWIIIISE CHICKEN AWIIIIIIISE
YOU CAN DO IT just channel the spirit of Skinny Lowry
Don't consider comedy as a career path then, you kind of stink at it
&gt; not complete idiots Jury's still out on that one, too
Im happy with Booker but I lowkey wanted Portis at 13
Damn I wish I could link that picture of Saitama saying "ok"
I dream of a day when low-success teams can all run rampant in the playoffs again Talkin suns, nuggets, kings, pelicans, timberwolves, blazers (i guess), jazz, and for pity; the lakers as an 8 seed
Wow devin you are good at basketball
Teej's form is so much different than booker. Teej hatches it back like Rashard Lewis and has little arc on his. Devin's is pure textbook and has that y = -x^2 arc to it
and warren for that matter
WOOOOOOOOOO THE DANK TANK ROLLS ON POST YOUR TANKEST MEMES
[this was more applicable last game] (https://i.imgur.com/ms4zVtC.png)
this went from Greg Jennings/Marshawn Lynch to /r/undertale real quick
Deandre Jordan is Tyler the Creator
bro speights tho
whoo wee what will be next for our favorite orange fuccbois whoo wee
#HE LOST FEELING HOLY FUCK so glad he's feeling better at least.
rose where do you find your splatoon stats / current loadout?
Holy fuck that guy just got shat on
How people draw well on miiverse befuddles me. My personal accomplishment was drawing a Lennyface for Naughty/Nice Splatfest.
For the good of the tank, I hope both of you guys win today :3
jesus i knew we were bad but i didn't know we were THIS bad
Good god kill me now
I cant stay positive for a tank anymore this shit fucking sucks massive horse cock
I find it ridiculous how much crossover there is between the splatoon gamerbase and the undertale gamerbase
if only he had a jumpshot
plus he already has the postup game of a PF
Honestly if we just catch Brooklyn and get that 3rd worst record I think we have a shot at Simmons
