Just random kids, hers are definitely on the boat. But the second she put them on the boat, everyone knew she was going to die. I swear the Night's King only turned up because the world demanded she die for being too predictable.
Ser Gregor? Ser Gregor is dead, we all saw it, they even sent his skull to Dorne as proof dammit! I have however heard there's this new knight on the scene called Ser Robert Strong, I bet he stands up for Truth, justice, and the incestuous way. *looks side to side shiftily*
Next season just opens with him on a gold throne with black trim picking his gold grill with Longclaw.
Hehe, cooldown... geddit?
If, many seasons from now, they kill The Night's King, and nobody tries to shotgun his horse, i'll be severely disappointed.
Can you imagine being the White Walkers though? Just full on living, forever, untouchable by the mortals, and then boom, the one thing that can fucking kill you turns up, and some human has made it his bitch and is riding it while it melts your asses.
A1) In your example, unless you're employing that researcher, they still don't have to give you shit. They don't have to even acknowledge the flaw exists, and if you attempt to prove it, we've seen in very recent news they can and will blacklist you from flying as a potential risk. So not only is it not comparable, it doesn't have the outcome you're expecting either. 2) The EULA is a legally binding document. This wasn't something they just shat out and threw onto the front page, it was crafted by legal professionals for the explicit purpose of covering their ass. And while the sale of digital GAMES and AUDIO. An account as part of an online-only experience remains the property of the games creators, because at no point do you actually own a license to hold a copy of the game, as you do with other digital media; you rent an account, or in the case of League, they let you use one for free as long as they're okay with you using one. 3) Game currency has no financial exchange value. In other words, once you own the currency, you have no right or ability to trade it back. The currency itself HAS a value, but only between yourself and Riot. in the same way that a coupon you have for x off at a restaurant is worth x, but in real terms the coupon is not classed as having a financial value. I don't just write this shit without knowing what i'm talking about.
It's whoever manages to kill every other contender by this point XD
The other sword wasn't sharpened nor a full sized blade. It lacks additional weight and a cutting edge, which would focus the amount of pressure exerted on the blade into a smaller area. I don't doubt that it wouldn't be cleft in twain immediately, however I don't feel the video in question accurately represents the probability of the sword breaking.
Yeah, it's kinda bugged me that this sort of gladiatorial combat wasn't espoused more in the series. Even if you're using slaves, which many Gladiators were (technically they sold themselves into a type of slavery to their combat master, at least initially) you don't waste the good merchandise. Why have a man die in a fight once, when he can fight another 20 times and still give a good show? Sure, some are fodder, but even the slaves can be more valuable alive than dead.
I just want to throw out that, after the end of this episode, what I expect to find next episode was called in advance; http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/375l8f/s5_postpremiere_discussion_507_the_gift/crktluf
Personally, I'd rather have 975 skins with particle effects, but it's each to their own I guess.
Moobeat's S@20 notes indicate there IS a sound effect associated with his cleaver but a bug has disabled it at the moment, at least in the video he posted. What that sound effect is I don't know but I'd say it's most likely a twongy sound of some kind. EDIT: Your wish is their prescient command, here's a link to the sound - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muDSNkV3lyA&amp;feature=youtu.be
Yeah because what Riot really want to do is give Disney's legal team a collective orgasm.
And a white Chroma for the Mario reference.
Hang on, you go take a look at that splash art again, and look me in the eye, with a straight face, and tell me he doesn't look demonic.
He's one of them, he knows the pain of having to pee sitting down. They weren't gonna challenge a brother in blood.
Granted it was an extremely prolonged nudity scene but as a somewhat veteran actor, and gen her nudity scenes in 300, I wouldn't consider it totally unthinkable. I do agree though that the actual content of the scene could easily have put her off and that's fair enough id totally understand that. I don't think she owes the fans anything, but I also think it's a bit ridiculous to refuse to do a scene you would've done or dos do a few years ago because you've decided you're above that now. I'm not saying "this is clearly what she did" just that as a hypothetical itd be a bit hmmph
Nah they'll still be around next season.
You've no idea what you missed. I was expecting it and am used to that sort of gore and even I was sat there shouting "Jesus Christ. Fucking hell!".
"Not like they would give skins away for no reason" you mean like they did at Christmas?
I think you might have had a different monopoly to the rest of us. In the UK at least, the monopoly set was a very simple "get all 2/3 colours, stations whatever, and you will win X Prize" but there was always a specific ticket, e.g. Mayfair, that would only produce or distribute roughly the number of prizes there were. There was no subsequent draw unless something went wrong in a big way; if you had all red or all yellow properties you won that prize. End of.
Some of us just like the Pool Party skins. I intend to get the bundle either way and I don't play Draven or Mundo, and don't even own Zac yet. But I like the skins so why not.
I work, I have some spare cash, and I'm working to unlock each champion eventually. Zac is osomeone I refunded a year ago because I didn't get him, but my play has evolved since then and now is the time. Same goes for Draven; I'm trying to expand my horizons and I like to at least have on skin on a champion if I own them, especially given I enjoy playing a fair bit of ARAM. There's only 1 or 2 champions where I will always buy their new skin, and before now I've only really used RP to buy new release champions with their bundle, I mostly use IP. Besides, it all goes into a game I enjoy, I spent £90 on Battlefield 4 and barely played it, so I'm not too fussed about putting money into a game I'm actually enjoying XD.
Sorry, did you just accuse Riot of supporting segregation by keeping regions geographically separate to maximise player experience on their servers? You just played a race card I didn't even know existed right now. It's not like you're prohibited from forming an account on any other server.
Because it's going to be financially sound to fire the long term graphical development team and hire a bunch of short-term server engineers who in all likelihood don't want/need a temporary contract position if they're of a standard to get the repair done ASAP. And then get rid of them when they're done and have to hire a whole bunch of new artistic talent from a field that talks to each other a lot and have already seen a bunch of their colleagues fired for doing nothing wrong. Great plan!
Sorry, I only have a needlessly large one. Best of luck though!
Rengar, Nidalee or Fisherman Fizz are also acceptable.
Even the later comments in which he makes veiled discussions about champion kit?
Where's you get that idea? There's been no confirmation of it ending anywhere, I for one would assume that it would continue until 9am PST everywhere, unless there's a reliable source that says otherwise.
Something like 6 seconds according to the PBE but it's not confirmed. He's not an assassin or fighter, he's pure tank. If you overextend on him the slow/stun combo and his swallow will let him wear you down while his E prevents you from doing the same, he basically forces extended engages.
I'll judge you on the fact that you feel the need to go guns blazing about a simple point that a lot of those who complain to Lyte are not telling the full picture. Your attitude is the exact sort that gets people into trouble; I'm right and no amount of experience or expertise could possibly contradict that, and I should condescend anyone who disagrees with me. Take a chill pill about this shit and maybe you'll keeps clean account and even enjoy the game more.
Well here's a link of him actually saying it; http://picosong.com/gJmb/ It's pretty much as I was trying to describe it, with an elongated sound in the middle instead of a short sharp 'o'
Actually they recently started putting some 'fluff' animations into The rift when certain skin/champion conditions are met. It's probably not too hard to use this principle to apply minion skins under set conditions too.
Glad to hear there are other people like this floating through bot matches. My girlfriend and her best friend have been dipping their toes into league via bots, and the friend had a right asshole in one of the intermediate matches flaming because she wasn't particularly skilled (granted she probably shouldn't have skipped beginner bots but hey, it's fucking bots y'know?) People should just chill in the game in general, but they should REALLY chill when it's co-op mode.
Pretty much. If you want to get involved in a competitive scene with established ethical guidelines and poaching restrictions, not the best idea to ignore them and assume that because you're not YET a member they'll ignore it and let you in.
Actually it's more akin to saying "If you want to move to America but we have solid evidence like previous convictions for something we consider a crime while you were in France, chances are we will stop You from moving to America." Which happens all the time. The only difference is that the 'evidence' in this case isn't something he did that is punishable where he is NOW, but that doesn't mean it isn't unacceptable where he wants to be.
As far as I'm aware it auto-pings where he's going on the minimap when he casts it
Why would you not want Santa Bard with a beard like that! Having said that I also want Oh TannenBraum so y'know...
Alistair's passive is aoe magic damage for a few seconds after he uses an ability which would attribute the kill to him not trynd.
From the image it looks like part of your tail will clip the ground through the extended landing gear. Once the wheels are horizontal the rest of the craft tilting would cause a clip, and if the game detects that it used to spawn at a slightly higher position to resolve the problem. It definitely used to do this before 1.0 and I doubt they removed it as before that you could end up with some weird bouncing issues as the plane was forced out of the ground. So in all likelihood your changes have raised/shortened the back end just enough to remove the ground connection.
Throwing this out incase it is actually still an issue when I get on later today; When I was last playing I spent awhile trying to land a VTOL dropship on the Mun made with the Extraplanetary Bases mod. It was badly balanced and I went through a bunch of attempts before it finally survived landing and I got it docked to my base. But for some reason even when the ship was totally stopped, and when it no longer existed and had been joined to the base, I kept getting the 'cannot save collision course' warning as I tried to exit. The game was still auto saving after certain actions and it saved with the base attached together but I'm wondering if this is something I'm gonna keep having or if anyone else has experienced it. My only other vessels are 3 satellites in orbit around the Mun all at aoe and happy.
Same, I never cared about getting out there until I had a long-term plan, I wanted a solid base set up on the Mun with easy tourist travel In my brain before I stepped foot outside Kerbins SOI and something always got in the way. Mostly a decision that I could make this look better and id start again from scratch.
She was picked at a time when she was a solid and useful pick both competitively and in standard play, but skin development takes 2-3 months. They can't just drop everything and half that time because design doesn't work that way. She was an understandable pick at the time she was chosen but when the season ends everyone just thinks about the last six weeks and decides that's what the meta has been all this time.
Sounds like it's gonna be a Pokemon trainer then...
As well as Thresh, Karthus Hecarim and Mordekaiser representing the Four Horsemen.
Cow goes moo, Frog goes croak, Horse goes neigh, Dog goes Ed...Ward....
I actually really agree with this; pinks have a cap but there also visible and provide a TON of utility, and last forever. Blue trinket have a ton of utility, last forever and are visible. So I'd say the basic green wards generated by yellow/SS/jungle items should have a 3 minute timer, their basic invisibility, and have no cap. That seems more reasonable than the doublefuck we have now.
I want him to finish and I look forward to it but we're used to waiting. Besides nobody wants to put that much stress on him he's not exactly young and fit and we still need to get another book out of him!
Might wanna throw this out to the League of Legends and DOTA crowds as well. They may not be MMOs but they grab a huge cross section of people and will give you a good contrast in player experience I think.
