AD Thresh needs to catch on
But Coast didnt even look that good on paper.
O.O
An ass that fat will float
None of the teams this split look like a complete dumpster fire tho
By that logic then /r/WhitePeopleTwitter
Im glad it didnt show their ping.
10/10 disengage.
you know what he ment tho, we all did
I got the Santa Baron if that counts
He had to have like 6 michael Jordans of sex change ops. Cause I seen these pics and thought "whos that milf?"
Im like 4 5 seconds from downvoting.
&gt;I'm legally blind POP HOL IT DOWN!
English Majors
Yes, yes they do.
Didnt make it to Ohio aswell
Pats and Giants
/r/WatchItForThePlot
Holycrap I saw these vids like last year and instantly felt improve ment in my play. U the real MVP
We got CurryShotGG and now we have GuacShotGG
Who dont got no bitches?!
This is why I quit using CV. Shits annoying
Its a fun game but I like Faction vs Faction MMOs. I like the idea of fighting "the other guys"
I swear I played like 6 dawngate games and the next day found out that it was getting shut down same with IC
Snack
my toaster cant run it
I heard Amanda Baynes turns up
but the Vi flair
Mines was 60% last season
50min or more. If a CS record ain't broken then it ain't a Jin Air game
Aye LMAOKAI
I thought this was Cortana /r/windophonematerrace
FIFA is beast even tho im trash
I need context on this.
Yep, rooting for the Cavs now
They just got a gamebreaker on Rekkles
Yea when I first started playing PC game. I tried to map everything to a game pad.
Seriously I've tried that, my hair grows too fast
I have one right now, but Ive given up on wave a long time ago. Im content with girls going "ohhh u got good hair".
I know right makes me mad that I never kept a fro till I was grown.
the amount of work put into this im surprised its not sponsored.
Medium Sean doesnt sell
CLG vs T8 in spring is giving this a run for its money tho
/r/mildlyinfuriating
I think he was flashing from Sona/Kogmaw and Malphite was just there.
Daaaaaaaaaaaaanger zooooooooone
() {} /\
What was wrong with Cait tho?
lmao, thats awesome
Their pretty good. Its just Kevin Smith diehard fans overrate his work online, then people watch em and see that their pretty average.
