No trouble with its water resistance?? That seems like a bit of a dangerous trip for an Apple watch.
Haha as an incredibly inexperienced paddler, this was my first thought!
Have you personally tested this? Because that's good to know... if it's true haha. Doesn't say that on the website.
Honestly, you should try cutting out carbs and dairy from your diet. Cleared up my eczema in only a few months! It sounds hard, but it really isn't after the first couple weeks.
Seymour Hersh's story about how the killing of Bin Laden was a lie. Not because I think that the story about killing Bin Laden was true, but because I really believe that he died of health problems between 2003-2008.
I don't see it... what are you referring to?
Thanks. I just bought the PassportPlus plan from AT&amp;T, and I'll be turning all of my apps off. I was just wondering if bluetooth can draw data for whatever reason. Like when my watch does heart rate, or checking the weather and other things it does in the background, can that consume data even with my phone not using it? That's my real question.
Fucking THIS! We just need to learn how to be skeptic about a fellow subscribers post without being a dick about it, while also not calling anyone who disagrees with a post a shill.
Agreed... They are just two cheeks of the same ass.
Rothschild is back now...
They are the reason for all the US interest in Syria right now, so you should probably care.
&gt; Note that none of Obama's executive orders would have prevented attacks like San Bernardino, Paris attacks, etc. No laws are going to stop the FBI from orchestrating these reminders of "WHY THEY NEED US!"
I mean, Oz may be a hack, but he did get a lot of shit for speaking out against GMOs.
If it isn't true, then why get all butt hurt about it and reprimand Lorne Michaels???
Really glad they don't come to /r/conspiracy for that...
Therizinosaurus, also known as a Deathclaw.
Two cheeks of the same ass
I thought it was "all for the old people"?
Just look at all that asbestos on the piping.
They can smell the menstruation!
Can you provide an example of some videos that you consider "CGI fakery"? I too am genuinely curious.
He said "front page"...
And if you like this, then definitely read Graham Hancock's new book, Magicians of the Gods. Mind = Blown http://www.amazon.com/Magicians-Gods-Forgotten-Wisdom-Civilization/dp/1250045924
Someone should let B.O.B know that.
You mean all of the data that NASA "lost" in the 70's? Yea, totally verifiable. Or what about the "moon rocks" that we brought back? When Holland tried to verify them, they found out it was nothing more than petrified wood. Where is this "verifiable evidence" that you speak of? Not trying to be a dick, genuinely interested.
You clearly have not done any research into this topic if that's all you think the argument is based on. Sounds to me like you are putting way too much emotion into your argument. If you are actually interested in having a civil conversation about this, give this a read. It's long, but worth it. http://davesweb.cnchost.com/Apollo1.html Edit: Or just downvote me... that works too.
I appreciate you taking the time to read this and respond. For the record, that link was just part 1 of 13 (just click next at the bottom of the page). The rest of the parts are extremely informative, and covered many points that I had never heard before (including your question about the pictures taken). The author does a great job at explaining his theories, the debunker's arguments, and why they don't hold water. Please keep reading, because there is a ton of scientific analysis to challenge what was done.
Or are they just trying discredit all of what he says by using his belief in flat earth?
Greatly appreciated! I'm still completely on the fence about this whole thing, so it's nice to hear some logic from either side.
I am also at work. Will respond later, otherwise my entire day will be shot.
Shooter 1: "Great idea. I'll check Facebook."
Executive orders.
Nowhere ITT does anyone call it a false flag. Just because this community entertains the idea that these events could easily be scare/control tactics, doesn't mean "actual bad things" don't happen. Bad things happen. Everyone should still ask questions. If no one does, then what's stopping TPTB from actually committing false flags? The MSM has become the most controlled, unreliable source of information there is. Just because they say something, doesn't mean it's true.
I never said a thing about Obama. Also, you seem to be uninformed about how executive orders work. http://www.cnbc.com/2014/01/28/executive-orders-what-they-are-and-how-they-work.html Looks like now you have learned something intelligent and useful today. Edit: Changed misinformed to uninformed
Obviously a complete gun ban would not be tolerated, but that's not what I worry about. It's the small, incremental actions that creep closer and closer to a complete gun ban. And while I agree with you a lot of people said that about Obama, Hilary has been WAY more vocal in her career about being anti-gun. It's pretty much the only opinion that she has been consistent with. (For the record, I'm not a Trump or Bernie supporter either. Gary Johnshon 2016!)
Spreading irrational fear is pretty much the name of the game. "Social control is best managed through fear". And at this point, I look at anyone who is a die-hard Republican or Democrat the same way I look at super religious people. They're just different sectors of the same organization. Or, to put it more eloquently, they're two cheeks of the same ass.
Too true, sir.
Religion or race doesn't matter to me nearly as much as the amount of media coverage an event receives. Anytime there are non-stop live feeds on every single channel, rampant speculation, and no visual evidence besides a bunch of clips of cops playing on a loop... Then you should start asking questions.
Have you read Magicians of the Gods? It's Fingerprints but with updated material/findings and theories. Totally recommend!
I just want to add one thing to this discussion. My biggest problem with the "mainstream theories" is not so much the plausibility of the mechanics, but more with the academic community that governs the theory. This video should illustrate my point. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ziu2ygE_Wc What you see is Zahi Hawass, the worlds most respected and renowned Egyptologist, throwing a tantrum about Graham Hancock's presentation for the debate they had planned. Once I saw how closed minded and arrogant this guy was, I realized how much closer Egyptology is to a religion rather than science. The idea that his entire life's work has been a lie makes him completely closed to any new ideas, even if they are based on newly discovered evidence. I now assume this to be true for most (if not all) other areas of academia. Also why those who propose alternative theories are cast out of the scientific community, like they try to do with Graham.
Well what's your explanation for Göbekli Tepe? Edit: Feel free to respond whenever, I don't feel like getting into a discussion right now either.
Where did you see that it was an automatic weapon? I've been trying to find out if it was or not.
One way that something like this could be possible is if only a small amount of people that were actually in the club that night were in on it. Guy comes in with an AR and starts firing off blanks. Everybody is terrified and starts running for the exits. Once outside, they are no longer able to witness the events within the club. Obviously a decent amount of people would need to be involved, but that would be way more likely than everyone in the club being in on it. That way, there is at least some aspect of legitimate panic/fear/trauma/etc. because most of the people there just thought they escaped a real shooting.
That's what I figured, as most AR-15's are semi-auto. With such a high death toll/injury level, that makes me even more suspicious.
Probably just a ploy to get more time.
I completely agree, I was just stating how a "hoax" scenario would be possible, rather than a false flag.
Doesn't matter who wins, neither Hilary or Trump will be good for the people. If you really want someone who will (at least seriously try) to make a difference, Gary Johnson 2016!
That I would just chalk up to eyewitness unreliability. Embellishing the story for the cameras. Regardless, this entire situation is sketchy as fuck.
Interesting, it was there yesterday... Wish I could remember #5.
You're hurting this entire sub's reputation when you say stupid shit like that. Can't tell if you're serious or just trolling intentionally. I get what you're trying to argue, you just need to get a lot better at arguing/debating.
