&gt;It isn't about the overwhelming white majority. It is about changing things that don't need to be changed. You want a black Human Torch? Make a new character, give him Human Torch powers (Johnny wasn't the first Human Torch, nor the last flaming hero.) Yes, *that* is how to keep people from getting angry at changing the race of the character. There would *totally* have been less outrage at the new Fantastic Four movie if Michael B. Jordan had been cast as the totally new character "Stohnny Jorm/The Human Candle" and the character had replaced Johnny Storm. *No one* would have gotten angry at that!
As we all know, if the prequel trilogy had just laid off the CGI, they would have saved everyone's' childhoods. That's how this works.
I mean, I try to, but I realize I probably very frequently fail to uphold it. I just hate when people offer that handwave-y solution as a way to avoid actually self-examining. What makes it even worse is when the other side is clearly throwing back just as much rudeness, or when the original "rudeness" was people overreacting to feel right (for example, one side saying something like "Look, I've clearly explained this to you three times already, actually read it before you respond next time" and getting called for being "condescending"). Then it feels like an even dumber cover story.
Also, in cases like this where it's referring to a movie, there's just no way any of these new heroes is going to get a movie before the well-established titles like Fantastic Four, Iron Man, etc. So you can make as many of these new characters as you want, but you can't give them the 50 years of history to catch them up to the big names.
And that problem is magnified exponentially with the movies. There are, what, 40 Marvel comic titles (just as an example) running concurrently at any one time? Meanwhile, the MCU has essentially introduced seven "titles" since it began in 2015, less than one per year. And they really can't run concurrently, as they're essentially limited to 2-3 "issues" per year across all of their different titles, meaning that each character sticks around for a while and more or less blocks any new characters.
Orioles fan here. Yes, please (see article). That said, I feel like our team and farm is thin enough that I'm not sure what we could offer...
Between all the starting pitchers seemingly collapsing at once, Bundy and Gausman, and Eduardo Rodriguez's impressive start, I'm starting to rue the Andrew Miller trade well before I thought I would.
At the same time, she also never showed up in Beast's bed in an attempt to seduce him like she did with Magneto.
No, she kept the movie anonymous for professional reasons. A random commenter on the Guardian article claimed that, and it became the top comment in the ensuing Reddit thread until the poster deleted it after too many people pointed out that it was a totally unfounded claim from an anonymous commenter.
Also, let's talk about the other issue: [all these untalented young actresses clearly getting roles based on looks alone](http://np.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/3843yw/the_age_of_emma_stone_jennifer_lawrence_and/crsb2n1).
Why is that important, though? It doesn't really change the observation, just changes what we get out of it. Let's say that the characters are never supposed to be the age of the actors and are always aged to match their partners. That means that either actors are almost always playing parts younger than they are, or actresses are almost always playing parts older than they are. Why is that? What does that mean? Why do we overestimate how old young actresses are, or underestimate how young old actors are?
No no, you guys don't understand, they're playing characters who are supposed to be the same age. That totally solves the issue. Or what about, look, it is what it is. But unless all of Hollywood is very openly discriminating against older women in a single concrete way that I can point to, it's really not a problem and we should just stop discussing it. Or what about, look, it's what the people want. Sure they've never been given the alternative, but that's clearly because Hollywood must have done oodles of research on the topic confirming this view and just never released any of it. [uj] Jeez, that thread. I feel like I see new mental gymnastics every time it comes up. Also, shout out to the random anonymous accusation from the Maggie Gyllenhaal thread getting upvoted as a fact without a source this time around.
I don't understand why this is bad. People know it's not real life. It's not like movies and other media can influence peoples' thinking about topics. DAE Lucy and Gravity need to show accurate science so that plebs don't get influenced by wrong science?
I do kind of agree with the second point. I actually walked out of the theater feeling a little exhausted from the almost non-stop barrage of action scenes. It didn't ultimately make me not like the movie, but it was definitely a little bit more than I was expecting, to the point where the final chase back through the canyon gave me a sense of ending fatigue.
Just based on stats, is say no. But his stats are better than several other enshrined "innovators" (Tommy McCarthy, inventor of the hit-and-run, comes to mind). And Hoy is a fascinating story. I wouldn't campaign for him to be inducted, especially given the number of worthy players on the outside of Cooperstown now, even from his era. But I also wouldn't mind if he was elected, either.
I mean, what other blockbuster franchises do they have if they lose Bond? Considering that and Spider-Man are their one-two even with less of a stake in them than most other studios have of their franchises... I mean, after that, it's basically just 21 Jump Street, right? Plus attempting to restart Men in Black and Ghostbusters?
It really just hasn't been the same since they stopped lobbing underhand from 45 feet away to where the batter asked them to throw.
Pleb? Bay-fan?
&gt;Under what conditions, in your opinion, is someone *allowed* to make a movie What's with this "allowed" business? Cameron Crowe was "allowed" to make this movie-it got made, no one stopped him. Are people not "allowed" to then criticize his work? Does it exist in some space above discussion, or is the only discussion "allowed" for it to nod and agree with everything he says?
I'm afraid I really don't. He made the movie, people are criticizing it. Why exactly are they not "allowed" to feel a certain way and speak up about it? Are people only allowed to discuss issues that you personally think are merited? What's different between saying "I think people should stop discussing race in Aloha because I don't think it's an issue" and saying, say, "I think people should stop discussing philosophy in the Incredibles because I don't think it's an issue", or "I think people should stop discussing politics in American Sniper because I don't think it's an issue", or any other limiting of discussion?
No, I'm totally serious. Why are people not "allowed" to discuss some aspect on the film? I'm trying to figure it out based on what you've been saying what qualifies as "worth discussion" and what qualifies as "not", and all I've gotten so far is that you personally don't think it is. I haven't "accused" anyone of anything.
I'm finding your weirdly hostile and combative tone really off putting, considering all I did was ask an honest question of why you used "allow". And I haven't said anything in relation to any other user, I just dislike when people use terms like "allow" to make it seem like a free speech issue when it's not. Crowe made his movie, people commented on his movie. No one is being "silenced" or anything ridiculous like that. If people think it's a discussion worth having, no need to tell them to stop.
It's like these people have never seen /r/funny. Is that what they want, all subreddits to get "discussion" like that in /r/funny? ...Actually, imagining all subreddits I visit to get comment sections like /r/funny is terrifying.
This was a nuts game overall. Gonzalez and Hunter for the O's combined for 8 innings, 10 K, 4 hits, 0 BB. It just so happened that three of the four hits were solo home runs. But combined, the pitching line for this game was 17 IP, 8 H, 21 K, 0 BB, 4 ER. Not a bad pitchers duel. Another fun fact, those 8 hits were spread across only 5 batters (the repeats: Carter 2 HR, Springer HR &amp; 1B, Jones 3B &amp; 1B). So outside of those 3, the teams combined to go 2-49 with 1 2B and 18 Ks.
Oh good. Someone in /r/movies brings up Rotten Tomatoes in a way that seems to indicate they have no idea how Rotten Tomatoes (or reviews in general) work. In other headlines, today is a day that ends with "y"
"This isn't hypocritical. Reddit is many people with differing opinions where it is impossible to determine a prevailing sentiment, while Gawker is a single monolithic entity." [uj] Yeah, both parties are pretty hypocritical. Although I find Gawker media is a lot like Reddit. As long as I stay in certain areas (Deadspin and io9, mostly) and ignore the rest, it's fine.
Sounds right. That's when you go into a cocoon and re-emerge all mature and competent and stuff, yeah?
Well, at the very least, that was the best use of the link to r/theydidthemonstermath I've seen in a while.
Just remember, everyone: * Fantastic Four=Unnecessary reboot * Incredible Hulk=Necessary reboot Only a pleb can't tell the difference between the two.
It is still something they worry about, though. They're paying players millions of dollars in high stakes game, and the last thing anyone wants is a fluke injury in a crucial game (especially to an Astro, now that they're young and in the playoff hunt) caused by something like Tal's Hill, even if it is unlikely. I'm gonna miss it, but I totally understand it.
The just said on the broadcast that it'll still be the sixth-deepest park in the game, so not too huge of a change.
It's a good thing that we have replay so that we can get just some of the calls right. /s
Between hearing Joss's story with Avengers 2 and Josh getting stressed with FF and Star Wars, I'm starting to get the impression that working on one of these massive franchises is more exhausting than I first thought. I had always assumed that with the massive support network and budget and all, it would offset the other demands some, but I guess not.
&gt; Seems like for Star Wars they're hiring mostly proven people. Have they though? Outside of Abrams, they hired Trank (Chronicle and now Fantastic Four), Gareth Edwards (basically Monsters and Godzilla), and Rian Johnson (big releases are basically Looper and Brick). All talented, sure, but none has more than two "big" movies, and I'm not sure they're uniformly bigger than Marvel's directors, which has included more established names like Joe Johnston, Kenneth Branagh, and Joss Whedon, and a lot of names on par with those guys.
Between hearing Joss's story with Avengers 2 and Josh getting stressed with FF and Star Wars, I'm starting to get the impression that working on one of these massive franchises is more exhausting than I first thought. I had always assumed that with the massive support network and budget and all, it would offset the other demands some, but I guess not. It seems even being a longtime fan of the material might not be enough. That's a little sad to hear.
[uj] Seriously, what's with all of this "marketed wrong" crap? I hadn't heard much about the movie, then saw the trailer and decided it looked funny enough to check out. Did nobody on /r/movies have that reaction, or were they trying to pretend they had superior tastes in anticipation of it flopping and it didn't work? I've definitely seen worse trailers get a pass over there of nothing else.
Instead of discussing the quality, let's instead list the cast members. SO MANY FUNNY PEOPLE, WONDER WHY IT DIDNT DO BETTER?
Not sure if you meant that literally, but if so, it's the idea that the people at the far end of the "social justice" spectrum aren't that different from Nazis, the KKK, what have you at the other end. Closely tied to the golden mean fallacy as well. It seems to be picking up a depressing number of adherents in some corners of Reddit.
At the same time, is there really anything he could have said that would have convinced the people who had already decided otherwise?
He's probably just parroting it (exceptionally poorly) from other comments he's heard. Like I said, I've seen more and more of the reactionary segment of Reddit saying something similar to justify their views.
I feel like Anthony Rizzo at 5 is a stretch, especially above younger guys at more difficult positions with a lot of success like Machado and Arenado. And I feel like they delved into the minors a little sooner and harder than they needed to. Only other big gripe I see so far is Scherzer (and maybe Kluber, to a lesser extent) are a little old, but that's probably fine since you get pitchers are more likely to flame out from injury. EDIT: Credit to Jim Caple for an interesting pick, but Shohei Otani feels like a reach when there are players like Jason Heyward and Jose Altuve still available. I'd take spotty success at the major league level from young players with more potential over a 20-year old NPB to dream on. EDIT 2: I don't know about Shelby Miller at #30, given who was left...
I feel like every year, a huge number of the picks fall into recency bias. This year is a little better than years past, but not totally without.
Oh yeah, nothing against Rizzo. I definitely think he should be one of the thirty picks, but #5 seems early. I'm especially against picking that high on a first baseman unless they're really special and/or have a longer track record. Maybe if he had another year or two under his belt at this level of play.
I can see not wanting to jump on a first baseman too soon, especially with young aces or up-the-middle stars available. But it seems weird having Goldschmidt at #14 and Rizzo at #5.
I can see an argument against Sale if you're still concerned about his mechanics being an injury threat.
On the topic of underrated 29-year old third basemen who came out of nowhere three years ago, it's kind of ridiculous the Matt Carpenter didn't pick up a mention. But when you don't even get to Josh Donaldson until halfway through the second round, I guess it makes sense you don't get to Donaldson-lite.
I've always said that there's at least one surprise team per year, the issue is just figuring out ahead of time who it would be. I just never counted on it being the entire AL. It is interesting, though, that for as surprising as the AL has been, the NL has been about as by-the-numbers as you could have guessed this early in.
Machado is pretty easy to understand, at least. He's a year younger than Pederson and already has a full MVP-level year under his belt.
It's interesting too because Kershaw is two seasons younger, so there's presumably more left in his arm. Not sure on the thinking there, unless everyone other than Pedro Gomez was trying to avoid drafting pitchers (which may have been the case, I guess).
I feel like that's less of an uncertainty than predicting a two-way 20 year old in NPB though.
