This sounds like it's entirely your fault. You think you're a 'romantic,' but what are you actually doing to demonstrate that? Utterly nothing, it sounds like. You're doing the same thing as the people you resent. You think the kind of ideal partner you'd like to attract, who places great value on commitment, is going to be happy about you "hooking up" with random men so you can "get off"? So it sounds to me that like so many others, you care enough about these supposed 'ideals' to make little posts on the internet and crown yourself with silly titles like "New Age Hopeless Romantic," but are are too lazy or incompetent to exercise them in reality.
Explaining again and again that neither Venezula nor any other country is or has been socialist gets very tiresome after a while. Whether a country is 'really' socialist is something people on both sides spend far too much time whining about. What's incontrovertible is that these countries *attempt* to be socialist, which in my eyes makes their failures just as damning.
I never said otherwise. I don't think capitalists generally believe capitalism means wealth and success for everyone.
What are you talking about? Very low amps for what?
Discharge or no, walking on carpet isn't going to generate a 10,000 Volt potential. (EDIT: I'm wrong, yes it can and will.) And besides, these components tend to be mostly conductors or semiconductors. They wouldn't have very low current discharge if a 10K voltage was applied.
You can see visible arcs and sparking way more vibrant than a static electricity zap just fine from a 12 Volt car battery, which is probably only 6 Volts on each terminal from the ground.
...Well dammit. You know what? I'm completely wrong and you're right. I should have just googled static electricity in the first place. I was thinking of that little machine they have in school labs where you wind it up by hand and move the two metal terminals together until they very visibly arc an inch apart, and thinking there's no way you get 100K Volts on that dinky piece of crap from winding it up by hand for 20 seconds. Thinking of Van de Graff generators. But nope, they're both just simple static electricity and both do indeed get up to voltages that high, as do humans on carpet. I have been humbled.
I am getting really, really, goddamn tired of hearing 'love' and 'hate' preached to me by news outlets, advertisers, and politicians. I am getting really tired of being spoken to like a four year old watching Barney. I am getting really tired of hearing grown, adult men saying "You just need to stop *hating* people and *love* people!" The fact that this has seemingly become the standard argument for a variety of issues by grown, adult men is a staggering display of the idiocy of these people and probably the general population. I am getting really tired of people who don't know the first thing about me thinking they have any business whatsoever telling me 'love' and 'hate' is.
If you don't even know whether you have a conflict or not, it sounds to me like you need to go back and think on things. Every conflict needs a resolution in the sense that you need to introduce something to the audience that wasn't there initially. There's no meaning in a drug addict who has a miserable life as a drug addict and nothing else really happens. That's pointless. It's meaningless. Why are you even talking about it? And that's the question you should ask yourself. Why are you even talking to us (the audience) about this? What do you have to say to us? That being a drug addict sucks? We are already know that a thousand times over. If you're writing a story, it needs to be because you have something to say to the audience. So why are you talking to us about this? What is it that your story has to say?
Yep. It's a big problem. If characters aren't doing much except being a part of a background, you should probably compress your story and get rid of them.
The core of all drama is meaningful conflict and resolution. Start by thinking long and hard and very seriously about what you believe about the world. What's important to you on a fundamental level? What do you believe about the nature of man? The nature of the universe? The nature of love, or of violence, or of science, or of 'society'? The nature of friendship? The nature of loneliness? The nature of power? Of courage? What do you believe? It should be something you believe in on a very deep level, ideally something you can see reflected in your own actions. And when you've decided on that belief, ask yourself the reason why you believe it. That belief should form the core of the conflict of the story. Which is probably the main thing the protagonist is struggling with throughout the story. And the reason why that belief is true should be the resolution of that conflict at the climax.
There's not going to be multiple protagonists. There's not going to a 'division of labor' or anything like that among 'classes' for a half dozen or so reasons, unless BioWare is incredibly foolish. Which unfortunately is not out of the question.
&gt; Whichever one you don't choose becomes a squadmate, and some dialogue and quests change based on which background you picked. Hopefully not, since that's a very bad idea. Unless the change is more or less trivial, as in the original games.
The less, the better, in my mind. I wasn't thrilled with the race barriers in DA and have always outright despised the class barriers. I really hope BioWare does not listen to all the calls for class interrupts and whatnot. Ideally they would drop the class system altogether, although the story reason for biotics makes that rather difficult. (In that a normal person can't just learn biotics.)
Here's something you should take to heart: A thing being 'realistic' (in that it would be likely to occur in real life) is never, *never* justification by itself for that thing to happen in fiction. There are are infinite amount of things that are very possible, even incredibly likely in real life, that would unquestionably be horrible writing or horrible game design. For example, consider a very important character being shot in the head and immediately dying on a completely 'routine' mission against weak enemies they've fought a hundred times before. A mission that has really nothing to do with the plot or central antagonist of the story. No build-up. No foreshadowing. This is very 'realistic' (in that it's quite possible and even likely to occur were this sort of thing to happen in real life.) And yet I would have a very difficult time coming up with a scenario where it would be anything but unforgivably incompetent writing. Also, I didn't say anything about it being "racist."
Nope.
Incorrect. This is nothing but pretend reasoning conjured up to try and avoid the obvious and irrefutable reality that acceptance of transgenderism demands gender abolitionism. You cannot have a 'gender identity' if gender is a literally meaningless thing. And gender cannot be meaningful if there is no perception of it. (No gender 'roles'). The concept of a real 'gender identity' but no 'gender roles' is therefore entirely nonsensical.
Ask yourself this question: Why don't we throw away the dictionary and replace every word with "Hugs,' 'Puppies,' 'Love,' 'Kisses' and words of that sort? No more meanie words that make people feel bad. Only happy lovey words that make people feel good. Is that okay? No, it's not okay. It's moronic. Because that's not the purpose of language. The purpose of language is convey information and meaning. The purpose of logic is to provide us with a path towards truth. Throwing those tools away when we don't like them because they don't always make people feel good about themselves is the height of idiocy. Oh, and speaking of logic, you don't get to disagree because you feel like it. You have to provide reasoning. What is your reasoning for disputing my other comment? ("You cannot have a 'gender identity' if gender...")
That's a load of drivel. First, this is not evidence. You have absolutely no idea how you would feel about it. You cannot possibly predict how you would think without gender influences. For all we know, gender is a concept we've been absorbing since literally our first day of life, nursing from mother and absorbing on a very subconscious and crude but very real level that to be a woman is to be a nurturer. But secondly, let's pretend you're correct and you still feel 'wrong' as your sex even never encountering any sort of gender. You grew up in a Skinner box with only food and water. If this is true, how can you possibly argue gender has no biological component? The idea is as absurd a person deciding they are tired of being a 'Zharlog' and want to be a 'Nimskwe.' Literally meaningless words and concepts.
If you accept that gender has significant biological components, then you have no basis for claiming that gender roles are 'socially constructed,' as you tried to claim in your first comment. Your entire argument quickly falls apart after that, as in fact does the entire concept of transgenderism. So...there we go. I just " demonstrated that I'm wrong in a logical manner," exactly as you requested. Do you believe otherwise now? Also, the burden of proof is entirely on you. The evidence on my side is overwhelming. The fact that gender is remarkably consistent across cultures over the world who had no contact with each other is staggering. The fact that all sorts of animals and insects with primitive brains and certainly nothing close to any sort of moral-and-role-enforcing-'society' nevertheless engage in very rigid gender roles is tremendous. What evidence do you have? A fantasy on how you 'think' you 'might' feel with not a shred of evidence to back it up.
Yeah, I'd agree, I would tackle the amnesia first. Who gave it to them? Why? An enemy? If so, why were they left alive? You might be better off fully embracing a modern fantasy setting to give yourself easier answers to these questions.
The frequency of processors can't really be compared unless they're the same model. It tells you how fast the processor completes clock cycles, but not how productive each cycle is. A processor that completes more calculations per cycle can be far better than a processor that completes cycles faster but is less productive per cycle. They really ought to advertise them as flops per second or something of the sort instead of just frequency.
I don't think there is one, honestly. I just use benchmarks. Basically looking at Tom's Hardware and Anandtech to see which runs better.
I don't want to be reminded of that steaming turd unless some actual work is going into fixing it. As in, continuing the plot of the Milky Way. I would take that sort of reference as an insult and nothing else.
What they wrote in the original trilogy on the topic was nothing but a stupidly incoherent mess that I can't say two words about without running into a gaping plothole. So let's really hope not.
I suppose we'll find out if Bioware thought up anything. Might be something to do with not having Mass Relays. That being said, I don't really think 'space' would be an issue, in that an advanced race must necessarily expand to all available territory.
I remember when I first got ME 3 and the damn face import didn't work, I was able to pull the proper codes off the Xbox onto PC with a program called Modio and a flash drive. Might look into that if you're really dedicated.
Lol no. More like 'these are the themes shoehorned into the last five minutes of the third game in a laughably incompetent fashion.'
I'm incredibly concerned this game is going to be very sub-par story and writing wise, but it's not because of a lack of information. It's because of the information they've showed us. That, and what was present in DA:I. The gameplay, graphics, and animations of the series have always left me very satisfied overall. Not perfect, but no video game is.
I don't care what Patrick Weekes or any of the other writers say. Not only is their competence under extremely serious question, they have every reason to fudge the truth to make themselves look better. By the way, what kind of ridiculous nonsense is 'friends' as a theme? You could say that of literally any work of fiction where characters work together and like each other. What role did 'friends' play in the resolution of the central conflict? What role did 'alliances' play? Completely and utterly zero. He would have been more accurate to say 'magic problem solving Crucible button' is a theme.
Irrelevant if it's not properly done in the story we see, which it isn't. The guns the characters fire need metal slugs and the starships need fuel. That does not make mining facilities a 'theme' of the series because the characters needed them to be effective.
The mass effect is not a theme. It's not a conflict. It's a tool the story uses to try and make the technology plausible. And that's really it. Conflicts are what drive stories, not this.
You're not seeing anything new. You're seeing the same speech, the same threats, the same plan, the same defeat you've seen a thousand times before. None of that is 'new' because it comes from a character the same as all the others before him but is painted green now. Or has spikes on his ahead. Or is short and has a beard.
&gt; A human antagonist has a very obvious advantage over alien overlords or galactic conspiracies: By this you mean 'human sized'? Since actually being a member of the human species has nothing to do with it at all? A salarian or turian could fulfill the role of a 'small level' antagonist just as well.
Are you out of your mind? How hard is it to understand that these are not 'aliens' in any meaningful sense? They speak exactly like humans, act exactly like humans, move exactly like humans, think exactly like humans, want and desire the exact same thing humans do. An asari is literally - literally - a blue human with a slightly different shaped head. That is what BioWare does to make an asari. They take a human and make her blue and give her a fringe. Just like a dwarf is a short human with a beard. Just like an elf is a skinny human with some tattoos. Are you really so gullible that you think that when BioWare goes into their software and changes the skin color from pink to blue a character magically transforms from a relatable, sympathetic, understanding mind, to a mystical, mysterious, foreign creature beyond our understanding? Because an artist at BioWare clicked the 'blue' paint button instead of the 'pink' paint button?
What is this book supposed to be about? You've got a setting, which is nice, but it's just a setting. What's the plot? What are your characters trying to accomplish throughout the story?
Make very, very, very sure your tragedy is actually meaningful. Do not make the overwhelmingly common mistake that just because bad things happen ,your story has anything worthwhile to say or that your audience has any reason to care. The worst failing a writer can commit is to be pointless. Also, stay true to your tone. If you're writing a tragedy, make sure your audience is aware of it. Surprising them in the last five pages is not clever or innovative, it's stupid.
I certainly wouldn't mind an antagonist that shares the protagonists size, resources, and skill set. (Something seen very rarely in video games. Usually antagonists are either physically huge compared to the player, rich enough to fund entire armies against them, or have some power or ability the player doesn't. Very rarely do you see an antagonist who succeeds not because of special abilities or resources, but because he's more skilled than the protagonist and that's all there is to it. Although unfortunately players of RPGs seem to generally be vehemently enraged by the idea that 'their' character is not the most badass person in existence ever, ever, and are incredulous of the concept of them losing a fight simply because they were the inferior warrior.') I could do without the rather cartoonish team vs. team, however.
Make sure to check your taskbar and that you're not running any other applications, if you haven't already. Windows and particularly new computers with Windows have a tendency to run a lot of unwelcome crap passively. After that, check if other games work. Preferably more modern games, if you have any. That should tell you if it's a resource issue or not.
I didn't say anything about it being rational or plausible or not. Plausibility is not the issue. I'm completely aware people can and often are stupid and petty. The issues are, firstly, making your audience care about your story, which hinges on them liking your characters, and, secondly, making sure you as an author are honest to the audience about your characters. And since dramatic stories set in physically adventurous and dangerous settings (such as post apocalypse) pretty much universally try to portray their characters as capable, intelligent badasses, that means making sure your characters actually *are* capable, intelligent badasses and not clowns who can't accomplish anything.
&gt; Yeah, institutionalizing your opinions is usually called fascism. You should probably not use words you clearly do not understand.
Sure. Education. Lesson #1. Nobody intelligent is going to take you very seriously when you invent silly definitions for things you don't like and nonsensically tie them to things that have nothing in common for very shallow and obvious shock value. Like fascism.
It's almost tempting to go back. Buy a month's membership, walk around Varrock, do all the noob level quests again, hear all the music, go fishing in Catherby...Maybe I should...I don't have to ask Mom to borrow her credit card and promise to do my homework anymore nowadays. Is the Grand Exchange in there? I hate that piece of shit, it was so much better going to World 2 Fally to the swarm of people buying and selling everything. Are there crowded words, or is everything deserted? Also, isn't it like the tenth anniversary of the Falador Massacre?
It's a sign of the Post being willing to pay clowns for their work so long as the topic is vaguely hip and progressive sounding.
I wouldn't be so sure that loading actually will be faster. Might be, but who knows.
They do, but I think loading times might have more to do with the read speed of the hard drive. Don't know enough about hardware to say for sure, though.
I would really recommend science instead. (Not biology, though.) I finished my minor in math a little over a month ago, and the bulk of what i was doing I didn't fully understand and was pretty much relying on memorization, and some of it I didn't understand at all. I scraped by Calculus III (Vector Calculus) with a C on my second try. It wasn't until E&amp;M 2 that it started to click as real values with meaning that were all there for a reason instead of just a jumble of symbols. Point is, whatever that point in math is where it stops being mostly memorization and starts being an interesting and intuitive puzzle is probably above the level all but a very few people care to commit to.
Grunt is too high, and EDI way too low. But not bad, as far as internet rankings go.
Keep : - The basic persuasion system. These were some of the best written lines from Shepard in the game, both well reasoned and well spoken. - No class impact on story, or un-forshadowed companion impact on missions. This is how it should be. - Some sort of missions analogous to the 'loyalty missions.' In other words, missions that have a personal connection to a companion, with lots of dialogue and involvement from them. These were some of the strongest character moments of the series. DA:I shows how to do this very wrong. Do not copy it. - Romances that as much as possible tie into the plot. LotSB is a perfect example of this done so, so right. The romances in DA:I (and pretty much all RPGs honestly) are an example of doing it so, so wrong. There is really very little point in a romance 'story' that boils down to "I like you, do you like me? Let's bang." Of course, that's more or less how Liara's romance is in the original ME 1 as well...it took time to develop.
You really should be careful about getting your perspectives on the world from television.
