Not this year though, next year's market.
Fucking interleague.
They're stretching him, perhaps to enter the rotation. I guess Perez goes into the bullpen? Speaking of David Carpenter, he's been pretty bad this year. Though I really miss Shreve. I don't think I really understood how much our bullpen was stripped until the last couple of series. It's not just Kimbrel.
That didn't amaze me. I'm amazed we got them to give us Wisler and pay BJ's contract.
&gt; Fans of Sabermetrics are largely like Tea Party members.....people who took a good idea way too far. One uses numbers, logic, and try not to let their biases get in the way, and then there's the Tea Party...
Any segment of the population is going to do that, it's human nature. Who ever said Derek Jeter is the worst shortstop in the history of baseball, was going to say that anyways, with or without sabermetrics. That could be done with traditional stats too. Someone could replace dWAR and UZR with Fielding Percentage.
Not Feastmode!
3/3!
I know it falls under what you're talking about, but I have real doubts anyone will beat Ripken's record.
I'm weirded out by Tony La Russa bobblehead night.
I don't think we'll compete this year, but we might be close. Next year will be more interesting, with some of those pains gone. Imagine a matured pitching staff.
I didn't understand why Dodgers fans were so sad to lose him, now I understand why.
Were you inspired by Ted Danson...
I hope he's ok.
She's like 20 years younger than him...
I hope my future wife looks like that when she's that age! She's 59...
I think I'm most intrigued by their risk category. They list Matuella, Aiken, Hooper, and two other RHP as the riskiest players in the draft.
I guess this also means Peterson is in the long term plans for the team.
We did last year.
Cunningham's best case scenario is a 4th OF probably. I don't think Gosselin will be on this team for the long-term. Perhaps his future is trade-bait.
You're pitching coach looked angry.
I hope it's Fredi G, but I think he'll go through the entirety of this year.
Do you think the prospects are noteworthy or minor pieces?
The Braves get their best draft in a while. Whitley likely becomes the best player in the draft. Brady Aiken does not pitch in the MLB ever.
San Fransisco to match the new typeface.
/r/theydidthemath
I remember hearing it in 500 Days of Summer.
I thought this was also the bold predictions thread. Aiken's medicals sound really bad.
Try Khan Academy's course on SQL.
Agree about the concerns. I think Theo and the Cubs' scouting team will get whoever they think will provide max value for them.
No more cool high fives with Peterson
It'll be funny if he becomes Trout 2.0, and that many teams passed on him.
He's been playing pretty well for someone who's had a hand injury.
Not my favorite band, but the Rolling Stones.
Simmons just missed it.
I think they bought a handheld camera for the first season and then returned it.
I think this is the weirdest one. The trend of Aiken to the Dodgers sounds like a sure thing. Never heard Happ to the Braves. EDIT: Feel like I'm spamming this sub, so I'm gonna just put this [here](http://www.baseball-reference.com/draft/2015-mlb-draft-preview.shtml).
I mean they are both good GMs, but I don't really see the comparison. Rizzo has almost double the money to work with. Their strategies seem quite different. I understand they both get good value, but the Nationals seem much more "stable" in comparison to the A's.
They don't usually play a catcher after a night game if the next game is a day game.
Not a fan of Tyler Stephenson.
Uribae
Probably won't impact him too much. Just interesting drama the day before the draft.
Imagine the shit storm if it was Rodgers or Tate.
Wow never seen his face.
I'm not a big fan of the guy personally. I think a prep arm would be better, not to mention you should draft the best player available not for need.
Tim has really came a long way he used to be so uncomfortable on stage.
El Capitan
Finally snap!
Well that was fun! I thought their would be a lot of time leftover with no hardware, I was wrong.
I doubt it. Don't think he'll get any more money this time around, if he wants even a chance to play he has to do it now. Whoever signs him will have a lot of leverage.
