[Kelly Brook from some shitty movie](http://www.xvideos.com/video224433/kelly_brook_sex_compilation)
But, IPR and stuff.
[Now, the NZC states that they did not reject the offer](http://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/cricket/81053404/new-zealand-cricket-rejects-reports-they-have-pulled-out-of-daynight-test-in-india)
I don't know what to believe. :(
Right. Although, most countries have their home seasons during Oct-May.
&gt; why not go for a ball change, much earlier than the 80th over? That would require a fundamental rule change and we don't know what is the exact duration of overs that are acceptable for the pink ball, yet. Also, SG ball is used in India. SG don't have a pink ball that is comparable in quality to the Kookaburra one. BCCI have decided to use the Kookaburra ball in the upcoming day-night matches but we don't how they would fare in the Indian conditions.
BCCI said nothing, the media is creating baseless stories.
Not specific dates but, the Tests would be held from the 1st week of November to the 3rd week of December.
Yes, swing has to do with overhead conditions which these two have not exploited well in the previous 2 matches. They bowl 2-3 good balls in an over but the other balls release the pressure. If they were playing against a better side, their figures would have been completely different.
1st Six by Zimbabwe in the series?
No.
Go for the Soundmagic E10S. It provides a nice balanced sound and has good build quality. This is a good page on budget earphones: http://thewirecutter.com/reviews/best-headphones-under-40/
Why the /s?
Good stuff from Rahul, getting a move on.
Yeah, but generally if the company is not sponsoring them, players tend to play with a sticker-less bat.
OnePlus 3 Compact?
&gt; Anyone who actually matters in your life will call/TXT when they want to talk. FB adds absolutely nothing. This. FB just adds clutter to your life. The unnecessary and annoying notifications just ruin everything.
* Is the skin bloated or close to stock? * What's the battery life like? * Do you have any idea about its international availability?
Oooh, where have I heard that before?
WUT WAS THAT?
WOW, that is a long presentation party!
What? Fastest Player? Stylish Player? WTF?
Atul Wassan. WHAT A CHOOT!
&gt; Jadeja&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Axar I'm not so sure about that.
&gt; with the top two teams playing off in a final. There's no point in organising that.
It would depend on the batsmen, tbh. If you ask the South Africans, they'd say that Nagpur against Ashwin and Jadeja is the toughest pitch in the world, whereas if you ask a sub-continental player, it may be Headingley.
It would be the same for Nepal and Afghanistan. Their home matches would be held in India.
Overtime, the administrators and curators would realise that they don't need a heavy covering of grass on the pitch for the ball to last 80 overs. BCCI should experiment with different kinds of pitches in the Duleep Trophy to test out the viability and durability of the pink ball.
Does this require a VPN?
Yes, but some of them have a myopic view of the situation. They think that interest in Test cricket would decline in Bangladesh if they are in the 2nd division, because it is a "lower" division. They are not thinking about the future where they could actually be a competitive side in the format. Even most of the users from Bangladesh on this sub vehemently opposed this structure when it was first mooted.
&gt; Also they probably aren't interested in playing the Netherlands or Afghanistan Which is pretty rich of them. They complain and bemoan the lack of fixtures against top sides but aren't themselves willing to play against sides ranked lower than them.
Test league, ODI league and now this. It's an exciting time for the sport.
&gt; It isn't any less of a truth that top teams never wants to play test matches with us Yes, that's true but Bangladesh has also continually favoured LOIs to Tests. Also, they haven't invited lower ranked teams like Ireland and Afghanistan to play in Bangladesh.
I think the rights of the matches may be sold collectively. So, if a broadcaster buys NZ vs India, they'd also have to buy the rights for NZ vs SL. It would be awesome if there was some sort of paid streaming service where we could watch all the international matches.
The exact details are not clear, but yes this would help cricket reach a wider audience. This would also help in getting revenue for the less lucrative matches and it may make it easier for a viewer to access matches taking place in a different part of the world.
Another option that the PCB could look at is staging their Test matches in England. There may be certain logistical problems, but they would get a better crowd and the timings would make it favourable for the viewers in Pakistan.
&gt; We play test with Zim often [Right](http://www.espncricinfo.com/bangladesh/content/story/953861.html) &gt;Ireland and Afghanisthan DO NOT have test status. But, they do have ODI and T20 status.
Don't think CA would schedule the Day-Night Test at Perth even if the series has one.
Yeah, but he practically ruined the team. Most of the players have come out and said that the team environment during Chappell's tenure was toxic. TBH, there was too much drama off the field when he was the coach of the team.
Noiice Cricinfo link, mate.
&gt; anus is on the bowling side
No. I didn't carry a second battery when I had a phone with user replaceable battery. Also, I have faced major battery issues in phones with a user replaceable battery, but that could also be due to the general improvement in hardware technology. Secondly, a phone without a user-replaceable battery actually makes it less cumbersome to change the SIM card and restart the phone.
Yes.
I'm just waiting for the conspiracy theorists to come up with a story which says that Kumble was selected for the job just because he is "close" to Ganguly, Tendulkar and Laxman.
Depends on how they structure the qualification process. Even if England qualify, a 2-3 week gap in their season every 4 years isn't going to be catastrophic for ECB's earnings. There are too many meaningless matches currently in their schedule.
&gt; he said he wants to carve out a home-season window I think he meant that India would have a definite home season in the months of October-November and possibly Feb-Mar. This season's schedule definitely adheres to that statement and possibly we would see similar scheduling in future seasons.
As expected. It's a dumb decision.
Oh yeah, I remember that thing.
Why are these special edition phones from Samsung so expensive? I doubt that they would cost that much to build. These phones are an easy way for Samsung to make some cheap cash by charging a $100 premium and selling it to the general public. But, they price them exorbitantly and sell them in some inconspicuous way just to attract some headlines.
Yes, that's why they should make more of these units and sell them to the general public for $100-150 premium. People would lap it up and they would extract more profit out of these phones.
