You can verify his Judo rank or lack thereof in about 15 minutes. Judo is REALLY REALLY strict about keeping records of who has what black belt rank.
Step 1. Actually train BJJ. Step 2. Participate in the subreddit community in a meaningful way via discussion. Step 3. Write stuff that is applicable and accessible to the community you are posting it to. You violate pretty much all of those. You don't train BJJ, you don't participate in the community, and your post itself was poorly written and kind of crappy.
If your post were written better maybe that would have come across.
Yup. That's the most straightforward way to lose weight.
www.joshjitsu.info It's primarily focused on BJJ and BJJ related training philosophy. Some of the articles can be more widely applicable, like http://www.joshjitsu.info/2011/11/circles-pyramids-shotguns-and-lasers.html but most of them would only be interesting if you are training in grappling of some kind.
Pretty much. He's able to get the bow and arrow, so never has to transition to the back. Imagine not being able to get that grip, so instead of finishing with the bow and arrow right there you have to hug them instead and take the back. I do like his pressure on the collar like that, I'm going to have to try that setup.
Everyone had BETTER be washing it regularly in this subreddit.
Same stuff I use. Works great.
Um, Cobrinha always has been and always will be my #1.
Sure, but mount is worth as much as it is primarily because it's a dominant striking position. Your submission options are actually a lot lower from mount than from side control because of the angles you have to work with. So awarding 2 points for the lift seems a reasonable compromise and a way to encourage good behavior like blocking the lift or releasing.
Video views aren't even peripherally related to this topic. Kimbo Slice has more views than Rodolfo, doesn't make him a more respected or admired fighter. Your anecdote is not evidence. You can say you feel that way, you can say that people you know feel that way, but you can't use that to make a sweeping generalization about the community view.
&gt; but the biggest problem would be that your opponent would have to be wearing something you could easily grip that wouldn't rip or come off This isn't true. Using your feet to pressure the biceps even without any grip allows for a pretty effective defensive guard, especially against the untrained. And a solid wrist grip without sleeves lets you do almost all of the same spider guard technique if you want to. However spider guard is used in self defense to slam upkicks into your opponents face, not do anything fancy. You just post on their biceps, then kick them in the face, then return to posting.
/u/rand486, king of the internet, comes through again.
I appreciate the concept behind that, but the setup for that guys leg lasso made me cringe. I don't think I would ever go to the leg lasso until I cleared that trapped leg. Otherwise you lose a lot of your control and ability to sweep, and set yourself up for things like this kneebar. I suppose it's good to know this in case someone fucks up and lets you trap that leg and still throws the lasso on.
We're bigger than /r/martialarts and more active, strangely enough.
You don't have the upper body extension that you get with a spider hook, which means your opponent can pin your bottom leg, clear the lasso, and continue to pass. You should use the spider hook until you clear the leg. RDLR + Lasso is not a place I would want to be. I'm sure there are some people that play that position really well, but it's a lot of risk for little reward in my opinion and I would rather play elsewhere.
Reduce your volume, increase your weight. Replace all of your isolation work with plyometrics. Keep the big compound lifts. Lat raises, cable crunches, curls, facepulls, tricep pulldowns, those can all go out the window. Drop your reps from 5/5/amrap to 5/3/1 where that last rep is 90% of your 1rm.
Switch for a couple of months, see what the change does for you, how you feel and how the workload feels. Then once you have adjusted to the heavier weights, if you are starting to lose the hypertrophy that you want then pick up the isolation work again until you hit the balance you are looking for. You are unlikely to lose a lot of your definition while you are still lifting because it's not as if those muscles aren't getting worked pretty hard. You might be slightly less swole at the end of the day, but you'll be a hell of a lot stronger.
Sure, if it's a violation of german law the way he's doing it then that's on him to deal with. But it's also a normal and common practice for all MTG players beyond the most casual. I don't know if that will make a difference to the german courts or not.
This is one of the times when I recommend a break from BJJ For about 3 weeks, then start weight lifting. Squats will fix your knees if done properly.
How come the only thing I remember from reading these books is my favorite characters getting murdered every 20 pages, while the TV show seems to have them raging across the landscape in invincible fashion?
OK, I watched the video twice more and I didn't see a single instance of an active RDLR hook. The bottom guys leg is pinned, it's not active. He can't use it to do anything. This technique is Dillon stepping around a weak hook unopposed in order to hit a kneebar. If the bottom guy had a spider guard hook and was pressuring up so that he could free that bottom leg and use it as an active RDLR hook then that kneebar option becomes a hell of a lot more difficult because you don't get a free step over. This whole technique relies on your opponent choosing to go to the lasso without an active hook.
Someone reaches out to shake hands and you establish the dominant sleeve grip and start reaching for the collar.
What crash? I haven't had a post caffeine crash since 1999 when I stopped taking caffeine pills. I was up to 3000mg a day of caffeine at that point, which will make you hallucinate just FYI. I drink coffee up until like 2 hours before I go to bed....
Apply steady force in the direction that they are weak in. No need for bursts generally speaking.
I've seen 4 year olds doing well in the kids classes. Wrestling/Grappling is a very natural behavior for kids and it's easy for them to understand the idea of it. A gym with a good kids class should be a great place for your kids at the 4 year old mark and up. 3 might be a bit young for it still.
Consider it a magic trick. I can still do pushups on just my thumbs. It would take me a bit to get the hang of doing a single thumb again, but it doesn't do anything for you beyond look cool.
No, but I did have one of the Serendib Efreet's that is the green card with the blue mana symbol. I actually was able to hunt one down when I started playing again and pick it up as a bulk rare. It has a place of honor in my binder just to remind me of the good old days.
Depends on how much pressure you are putting on the arm and how resistant someone is to pain. If you are hyped up on adrenaline and concentrating on fishing a knife out of your pocket then you might not even notice that your elbow got torn apart until well after you have stabbed a dude to death. Adrenaline is a crazy thing. That's one reason why I don't rely on joint attacks if shit has gotten super real. If one presents itself I'll hit it and transition away since damaging an attacker is generally helpful, but my goal is never to hit that armbar. My goal is to get to mount or knee on belly where I have full control and full view of my opponent. then if they start digging in their pocket I can take control of that limb and stop them from getting whatever they are going after. I can also keep an eye out for additional people who might be coming to kick my head in, and I can strike or disengage as needed.
The is if you are unaware that someone has a knife, and you have already engaged them. There are ways to correctly control a person to prevent them from deploying a weapon. You should use those. The person in our example video did not.
It's because it's a staged video from a Ninjitsu school. The knife is fake, the blood is fake. That's also why the armbar looks like first day whitebelt shit done by someone who has had an armbar described to them, but is trying it for the first time.
I can think of a few people who would have a problem REALLY cranking on an armbar, even in a situation where their life might be on the line simply because they are the kind of person that just really doesn't want to hurt someone unless they absolutely have to. It takes a certain amount of will power to follow through on something that you KNOW is going to fuck someones joints up that bad.
To combat the wispy stuff I pull my hair up in a topknot like that and then get my wife to shave that under layer of hair off. It cuts down on the heat and eliminates the wispy stuff without sacrificing my glorious flowing locks.
Hey JiuJiu! I haven't seen you post in a while! Welcome back to the party!
"An armbar" is not spiderweb. There are control positions which can also allow you to armbar someone, but the armbar itself is not the control position.
&gt; it forces you to stay still Ahh, here's your problem, you're shitty at grappling.
Adrenaline is a hell of a thing. There is a real precedence for people getting their arms seriously fucked up and not even realizing it until hours later. So you shouldn't ever 100% rely on pain to incapacitate an opponent. If you get a chance to break a limb you break it and you keep going and use that to facilitate the choke that is going to make sure the person is no longer a threat.
You guys are always so obsessed about the idea that some random other dude is going to come out of the shadow and kick your skull in, yet the VAST majority of evidence indicates nothing of the sort. Should you be aware? Yes. Should you shape your entire repertoire around that possibility? No. I can choke someone unconscious while watching for additional threats and if need be using that person as a human shield.
No-Gi ezekiel. Force created by wrapping your fingers over your forearm.
No, Grapplemania in July. We're going on vacation to Florida the week before Richmond, so I won't be able to double up the trips.
You learn an enormous amount in your first few months of BJJ, but you are generally expected to roll very early on. The curriculum is going to vary from gym to gym. MOST will have some kind beginner instruction that lasts for a few classes to get you familiar with the ideas of BJJ, but after that you learn with everyone else.
Ok, I am giving WAY too much thought to that $350 level...
Yeah, my wife and I play a lot of Skyrim and Fallout, which has a TON of customization. I still fire up some of the early final fantasies on emulators sometimes.
Any thoughts given to continual expansion of the game world, additional ongoing challenges, etc... or is it more likely to be a one and done kind of project with no future expansion after the release?
Let's not get ahead of ourselves here, not sure I can get a 350$ expenditure approved by my finance department on the sole grounds that it appeals to my sense of vanity. Edit: However, I do have the perfect picture in mind... I'll put on all of my medals at the same time and take a truly obnoxious picture.
Only on the weekends ;).
I Didn't realize physically assaulting someone and drawing a firearm was the correct action towards a disobedient teenager...
Sityodtong is one of the best Muay Thai gyms in the country. If you can train there do it. Boston Muay Thai also has a pretty damn good Thai instructor. Your options are fantastic.
You do suck at every aspect of jiujitsu. You're a whitebelt. You're supposed to suck. Blue belts also generally still suck. So do purple belts. Brown belts are starting to kind of get the hang of it. Most black belts are pretty ok. BJJ has such a depth of potential expertise that you are going to be awful at it for a VERY long time if you compare yourself to other people. Worry only about whether the you from today is better than the you from six months ago.
Which is why I work very hard to be mindful of what I'm getting out of every minute I'm in the gym. I drill without screwing around. I roll with focus on developing a specific part of my game each time. I try to wring every bit of benefit out of each class. Because of that over the last 12 months I've not only caught up to where I was before my 8 month layoff, but surpassed that and now find myself rolling competitively with brown belts that were clowning on me 8 months ago. Training with focus is super important.
