Hahaha oh man that is some genius writing right there. Let's just forget the fact that the Stormtrooper who gets shot and wipes his blood on Finn's helmet is white. That's just a failure to pay attention. What I find funny about this article is the fact that if, as this fella would like to believe, the Stormtroopers are all black then how is that a good thing when you consider the fact that all of the First Order apart from one mixed-race woman are white. So his idea of this amazing Afrofuturist parable is essentially a world where black people are used as expendable soldiers who are fully controlled by white people with English accents. Bravo, sir!
Any country which requires kids to pledge allegiance to a flag at school is fucked in the head.
Hahaha those guys just love plucking bullshit out of thin air don't they?
You're completely wrong there chief. Smoking increases the chances of you developing lung cancer or heart disease. Nobody has ever said that smoking is the sole cause of lung cancer and nobody in their right mind has proclaimed that non-smoking-related lung cancer has nothing to do with any other carcinogenic materials they may have ingested.
Pretty sure that's not how he's living his life, mate. What is he supposed to be in perpetual fear of?
Seriously? Again? This is yet another example of someone misrepresenting the packaging inserts that come with the vaccines. That is not a list of things CAUSED by the vaccine but a list of things which have been observed post-vaccination. So if someone took the vaccine, got the flu and then reported that t the manufacturer, they'd have to put 'influenza' on that list. It even says right there that there is nothing to suggest a causal relationship. Some people just aren't very good at reading I suppose.
I, Partridge: We Need to Talk About Alan It's the fictional autobiography of much-loved UK TV character Alan Gordon Partidge (played by Steve Coogan). The book is just incredibly funny and had me in tears on almost every page. It got to the point where I was pissing off housemates with my constant laughter. It is an incredibly funny and well-written book which captures the characters insecurity, vanity, pettiness and arrogance perfectly. Needless to say, I had the last laugh...
DDP winning the title in a 4-way match with Sting, Goldberg and Kevin Nash on a Nitro in 1999. He lost the title to Sting in a really good (Ganso bomb from Sting!) 1-1 match earlier in the night but then got the chance to win it back in the main event against the 3 biggest guys in the company. DDP was always my favourite, along with Sting, and I went absolutely crazy when he won the belt back, and the crowd did too if I remember. I miss WCW...
Well, partly that's the case. Being overweight is seen as a sign of vitality and health. The connection with wealth isn't so pronounced though; especially in smaller communities where people are a lot more familiar with each other. It seems like you're trying to make a point but I'm not quite seeing what it is...
It's the final sentence I was wondering about. Anyway, never mind.
Unfortunately Harris Hawks aren't allowed to practice bird law. Sorry.
You nailed it. I felt the same about the Jedi in the Prequels. After all that wondering what the Jedi were really like and being so excited to see them, they turned out to be oblivious arseholes. "You're not training Anakin, it's too dangerous." "But Qui-Gon died and I promised him." "Ah, okay the, train the boy. What could go wrong?" They were so inconsistent and so blind to everything that was going on and were just douches. Mace Windu is he worst culprit. What a tool. Luke is totally right. The Jedi thought they were all-knowing and wise an it turned out they were just arrogant and blinded to reality. It makes perfect sense that Luke should feel the why he does in TLJ and that Yoda agrees with him.
Couldn't disagree more there, chief! Luke died because they parked on the beach!?! How do you make that stretch? Poe's plan didn't work and was unnecessary. That's the point you're missing. Finn and Rose should never have been sent on the mission. The plan was already in place for the evacuation. Poe's mission actually cost more lives because it led to the Rebel plan being given to the First Order. Luke has nothing to do with Finn/Rose and their storyline. Everything Luke does is going on without them having any influence over his actions whatsoever. Terrible writing, indeed. People are throwing that line out so much these days and the sad thing is that they do so whilst also displaying a clear lack of understanding of movie writing and plotting.
Why? Do you think that soldiers in war have access to high-level strategy? Was everyone on D-Day given a full breakdown of the entire operation, or were they just told their parts and given the task of carrying out their own missions? Exactly. Holdo was in charge. The vast majority of the crew followed her because they respected the chain of command. It's only Poe, a couple of pilots and Connix who mutiny. Everyone else is getting to the transports with no fuss. Poe is the one who has the problem,not Holdo.
Captain. He got demoted. Poe doesn't recognise Holdo, if you remember. He's heard of her, but he's surprised when he sees that this famous military commander is a slim woman with purple hair. He's all 'THAT'S Admiral Holdo!?!'. Holdo says she knows who Poe is. That's why she knows that he was demoted by Leia. She just knows that the future of the Rebellion should lie in the hands of level-headed strategists who look at the big picture, not arrogant pilots who look at everything through their cross hairs and do things such as losing an entire fleet of bombers on a mission.
Hahaha, there's 'poorly written' again. Despite the fact that her character was very solid, consistent, well-acted and well-written. She's from a planet that was exploited and persecuted by the First Order, so her and her sister joined the Resistance. Her sister made the ultimate sacrifice and Rose has to deal with that in the context of the larger fight. That's not a poorly written piece of exposition and it's not shallow either.
Well, he was in the First Order from when he was essentially a baby. With the First Order having a mobile base/command centre with a crew of 2.5 million, then it would't be a stretch to imagine that Finn trained on the Supremacy at some point. He's had a good 25-odd years on those ships and bases so it doesn't surprise me that he'd know the layouts.
She didn't though. What would the net benefit of Finn killing himself have been? Would it have destroyed the big gun or would his rickety little speeder have disintegrated first? Luke Skywalker had already made his decision, so they wouldn't have stopped that whole thing. She fucked up his chance to eedlesly sacrifice himself, sure.
Yep. People just missing details that are right in front of them and blaming their lack of understanding as 'bad writing'.
No he wasn't!!!!! Clearly! He was on the inside and was fed nothing but propaganda from birth! He had no clue how the galaxy worked.
Exactly. And they try and cover their personal distate with accusations of 'lazy writing' etc. When in reality, the fault lies with their own inability to understand what's going on in a film.
&gt;Why didn’t the resistance ships have time to refuel before evacuating? Well, how much fuel did they have on the base? &gt;Why didn’t they evacuate earlier? It seems they went as quickly as possible. &gt;Why are they even evacuating considering the First Order has been completely devastated at the end of The Force Awakens? They haven't been. Look at Snoke at the end of TFA. He's not all 'We're screwed! We're completely devastated by this attack!' Instead, he just tells Hux o bring Kylo Ren back for more training.
So, it's rushed, but also goes on too long? But then it could have been made better by trying to squeeze EVEN MORE into the segment by inserting Captain Phasma trying to chase them down? So what is it? Was it rushed? Was it too long? Or did it need more story squeezing in there (somehow making it neither longer, nor more rushed)? Hmmm...
The First Order didn't haven DJ anywhere. He was just there because that's where he was. He's a chancer and a wheeler-dealer. A casino seems like the right place for him. He wasn't a rebel agent. Watch the film again.
Absolutely. I was exactly the same.
Hahahaha, oh right, so because we didn't see rich arms dealers from 30 years in the future on a mining platform or on a peaceful planet with little-to-no military to speak of, it's incongruous? Gimme a break. There's a whole galaxy out there.
..... Leia is no rebel. Er......
That's not a very good comparison. The Republic is a galactic government, not a national one. Their leadership is completely decimated as well as a big chunk of their fleet (we see this in TFA) which is in orbit around the Republic capital. The New Republic has been crippled. Those who are left evidently ignore the Resistnce cry for help and have abandoned 'the cause'. The Resistance is now the new Rebellion and must do things for themselves.
Leia was rich. She wasn't bad. It's not 'rich = bad" it's "people who get rich selling weapons to the First Order = bad".
Absolutely. "Duh.... Picasso is rubbish! That doesn't even look like a real person. Lazy painting!"
No. He attacked Kylo Ren because he was trying to protect Rey. Rey is his motivation, not the greater goo or the ideals of the Resistance/Republic. He wasn't a coward for escaping the First Order. He as brave. Then he faced up to them on Takodana. He's not running away out of cowardice, he's running away out of selfishness. That's what changes in TLJ.
It seems you missed the point.
Good job it doesn't go on for an hour, then.
How?
He realises why he personally needs to get away from the First Order. However, it's over the course of TLJ that he decides that fighting for the downtrodden is more important than escaping the First Order's tyrannical regime. It's not about him realising the FO is bad, it's about him resolving to fight against it.
Which ways?
Caring about animals being mistreated isn't 'PETA'. It fits the attitude of the Rebellion/Resistance perfectly. One of Ghandi's most famous quotes was: “The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.” The Canto Bight story echoes that very well.
It'd be easier if so many people criticising the film hadn't just completely missed what was right in front of their eyes. They were probably so busy trying to figure out how Snoke could be Plagueis that it passed them by.
No, that was the point of the scene.
Well, the problem I have is that people are missing key details and chalking it down to bad writing. When the reality is that they just didn't see it. I think the vocal majority is here now because - as has been discussed at length - they spent 2 years speculating about TFA only to have all their theories shot down or ignored. TFA was great fan service. TLJ was something different and that has rankled with people.
Ah, we agree then. My apologies!
So Poe was wrong when he said the weapon was charged and Finn's sacrifice would be pointless? Yes, Luke sacrifices himself after Finn is rescued, but he was already going to do what he did. He didn't die because of Finn. Finn thought he was going to make a difference. He wasn't. He was blinded by his desire to beat the First Order and didn't think about the bigger picture. By the end of TLJ, he gets to where Poe was at the start of the movie. "Any victory, no matter how small, is worth fighting for". But Poe has learned his lesson and tell Finn not to sacrifice himself needlessly. It fits together very nicely.
You've missed a huge chunk of what's going on. Poe's mission fails because that's the point. That's the story. Poe needs to learn his lesson. He sends Finn and Rose off on a pointless mission. His rashness puts everyone in danger and he has to learn that lesson. Again, it's not laziness. It's just people missing key themes. As I saw the film, DJ probably was the codebreaker they were supposed to meet. The fancy guy at the table with the slick hair, moustache and beautiful women in tow didn't seem to be to the be the kind of person to be having sex with Maz Kanata (as she implies). I could see DJ losing his brooch whilst gambling and getting himself thrown in jail more than I could see that other guy being the master codebreaker.
She said he would be wearing the brooch, yes. You don't think someone like DJ would bet that at the casino before getting his ass thrown in jail? Maz said she trusted him. She evidently has a history with him. The suave guy in the casino didn't look like that person, to me. This illegal parking thing is hilarious. You've really focused on the wrong thing here, haha. You cold go back through any film - including the original trilogy - and find a dozen characters who the whole story relies on. "GOD!!! In Star Wars, we're expected to believe that the Jawas make their money by salvaging, fixing up and selling-on droids. But then we're supposed t just accept that they'd try and sell an R5 droid with a bad motivator? Like they'd somehow miss such a common detail like that? LAZY WRITING. Uncle Owen should never have bought R2D2! It's just poor." "Why does Darth Vader spare Chewie in ESB? He doesn't need him. LAZY WRITING!" "How does the Empire build a whole base on Endor without the Ewoks fighting back, but then some strangers come and all of a sudden they want to fight? LAZY WRITING!" I think you're just looking in the wrong places, here.
Yes, that's the theme which Lucas was trying to get across. He just did it extremely poorly.
Well, you can keep seeing the parking thing as being the crux of the whole film if you like. You'll be pretty much on your own, but that's your prerogative.
Like Luke, then? He has no Jedi training beyond a short lesson on the Falcon, yet he can call the lightsaber to his hand on Hoth? MARY SUE!
If Rogue One had nothing to do with Star Wars, it wouldn't be a great movie either.
No, it's the opposite! The fanboys have been the most vocal critics because the movie wasn't what they wanted.
Poe tell Finn that the weapon is charged and there is no point in him going on his own. Finn's ship is also disintegrating as he flies towards the weapon. He's not going to beat them, he's going to die needlessly.
