Instead of playing our football on campus like normal, we drive over an hour away to the point where our rival is closer to the game than we are.
Ah yes the e39 (luxury line?) wheels. My dad has the same ones.
Some people (myself included) do not like the idea of someone else (or machine) washing their car.
M logos on wheels and steering wheel are part of the M sport package, most people would say those are fine. The big M badge on the grill is something else because it only comes on actual M cars.
hahahahah
&gt; Virginia at UCLA 12:30 p.m. PT FOX Whoh what?!? Huge surprise, thought for sure this was going to be the 10:30pm EST ESPN game. On one hand, we get Gus Johnson week 1 so HELL YEAH. On the other hand, was looking forward to UVA having to play at 10:30pm local time to counter us having to play at 9am local time last year.
&gt; Thurs. Oct. 22 CALIFORNIA at UCLA 6 p.m. PT ESPN ESPN will be lucky to get 50% attendance at the Rose Bowl. 6pm on a weekday in LA? Good luck...
I don't see what the big deal is?
Oh I thought it was due to the late-night (relatively speaking) kickoff time.
&gt; so I went and got the keys from her unlocked drivers side Your mom keeps her car keys in the car?
Username checks out
I don't think Disney has a spare Gameday desk not to mention all the talent just hanging around in Burbank.
Ah good point.
Notre Dame to UCLA
Is that a thing? I've just always spelled it "whoh", but "whoa" doesn't look weird to me either.
Only two SEC games for ESPN gameday? Yeah ok....
Yes. Which is ironic because the man who is tasked with teaching him said mental game came to us from you guys.
DB is completely different because we have 5 returning starters for 4 spots, and an extremely stacked two-deep that Willis never cracked. I'm not worried or surprised by Priest's departure.
Waze, wAze, waZe, wazE, WAZE! Sorry, I just really like Waze.
Beautiful color combo, and its a manual to boot. Only real negative I see is no iDrive.
This is very, very cool. Thanks for sharing.
[Matt Barkeley walks into a Barr...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv3Q2FAqcdw) I also really enjoy how the band's live tune syncs up to the "drop" right as the hit happens in the first FOX replay. Bonus: Gus Johnson screaming
It's gonna suck pretty bad for us west coast folk too. 1pm kickoff and 5pm kickoff on a workday?
That's just damn impressive
So a BUTT ran around without a shirt... seems normal enough to me.
I believe the equipment managers still do this (the cross-town flag football game during Beat SC week, not the equipment stealing).
I'm confused. You don't have any West Virginia flair.
Post title seems to imply that just device between city and east bay will be suspended, but linked article says system-wide suspension.
Weird. I would have guessed they were high on something else.
ABC*, but you're still right
+1 Capital One 360 for savings. Brick and mortar banks such as Chase and BoA give you &lt; 1/100 of ONE PERCENT interest of savings. Why anyone would have a savings account there vs. and online bank like Capital One is beyond me.
lol bars in westwood. good one.
So you take 101 -&gt; 237 -&gt; 880 North instead of taking dumbarton? That's a lot of miles...
I'm convinced 880 South -&gt; 237 West is why my company has work from home
ah what the hell
Or that 6heismans guy
Does STANFORD-OREGON in 2012 count?
Can we please ban all links to bruinsnation [dot] com on r/cfb?
1M only because it's much more rare and they aren't making any more.
Do they offer coding aside from the products on their website? I'm interested in getting mirror folding coded.
What do they ship you and what was the cost?
Which is hilarious, because any developer who cares about lightweight performance uses Google Docs instead of Microsoft Office.
Exactly. I'm saying the excuse for 'older' people who use Windows machines and then mostly use their computer for Excel is hilarious because it's not like developers who use macs don't need spreadsheets too, they just use Google Docs.
&gt; Tough one. SF. Is so appealing, but the recent tech boom has honestly changed the city for the worse and the costs in SF have made it quite unaffordable and crowded. Your budget would not work as well in SF as it might in other parts of the Bay Area as suggested, such as Albany or SR. &gt; Normally for one of these "where should I live in the Bay" posts I would agree with you and heavily promote the south bay (born and raised), but I wouldn't wish commuting from the South Bay to Marin County on my worst enemy.
this. no amount of cool nightlife is worth it if you're spending whatever free time you do have commuting.
UCLA is notorious for having 24-hour parking that expires at 7am. So you see a lot of people at 6:55am in line to renew their parking pass.
2 things: 1. try socalbmw.com instead of going through individual dealership online inventories. It aggregates all the results from all socal dealerships for you :) 2. Have you considered custom ordering a brand new car from Munich (yes, I know the 1 series isn't made anymore, but the M235i is a fun little guy that is closer to an e46 replacement than any F30 today)? If you lease, you'd probably end up with a very similar monthly payment as a 4-yr old CPO, and full service and warranty as well! Feel free to PM me if you have any questions about custom ordering or leasing.
long term argument is valid. good luck with your search!
Those rims look sweet with the white car and black accents. Are those CF mirror caps from BMW or aftermarket?
+1 backing in, +1 end spot. This guy's ok in my book.
