I'm not even going to click on the link and say it's crossfire. Edit: I fucking knew it.
We should put a time and day dude.
Ty dude.
My attitude is not a problem, fuck you for saying that... *sigh* /s.
I love quake, but tf2 took rocket jumping to a whole new level, I honestly feel it's the best form of rocket jumping there is.
I've honestly never seen that. sounds like madness.
Running faster with a scout* :^)
I actually have a bind to switch right click from crouch and secundary fire, I literally never use the fucking awp lol. Also all pistols in cs and css had 250 movement, even the deagle iirc.
And the flag you usually use to remember where they are, are the bodys of your enemys/allies 8)
&gt; mfw somebody says jumping is the hard part
yo error if u dont script you wanna gimme bhop lessons? im fucking kidding its obvious
[Then you will love this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=NZm0EBN0RZ8) There was a better map which on the vid lasted aprox 15 mins but I'm too lazt to search it honestly.
The joke dude :(
Sure [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDgKAPisrWo), for some reason Phoon deleted it at like 4 mill views :(.
There are more of this types of map but they normally don't have any type of specific names so I can't fucking find them. They are godlike though.
Yeah by "circle strafe" I ment strafe jumping, for some reason used a really old name I heard on it. Also I do still think tf2 rocketjumping is harder than strafe jumping and I never really got into it on quake and just learned it to the level of being 100% efficient on maps. On cod4 though I fucking loved it on [cod4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF3qy_s6_a4) though. Also I just realized every single game I got into has strafing, damn.
Tis' fun though.
Ah, makes me remember when 30 minutes was insane, now we are getting times of 27 mins easiely on solo runs if done correctly. Damn
Ah. Explosions on the source engine. Since I'm a roamer on tf2 I'll try and exlpain it. So bassicly explosions in the source engine work in the way that they don't do wallbang, so bassicly there can be a smal ledge (literally can be 1 cm) and if your explosive lands on the corner of that ledge anything behind that ledge will not take any damage. This whole thing is not related to your clip though, the thing just bugged under the stairs for some reason and you can see it on the last few frames.
You are actually right, they are the most buggy shit on source lol.
Rockets on source are bassicly a nade that explodes on impact, the hitbox is a small as a nade's.
&lt;3
I can't even stairstab on pubs, like fuck. I will stick to airshots n shit.
Made me remember an insane pogo shadowburn pulled out from badlands mid to second door to not market garden but scape plan a medic
Atleast you got 5x gold LOL. Also looked at your history since I remember your name on dayz reddit before, you are shadowbanned there for the looks of it dude.
Want to play it? I have it installed so I'm up for it. Also Battlefield 2 is f2p now.
I remember playing ctr and never understanding why it presicely happened. That game was fun though, been actually thinking of running it.
The good ol' "Vip" weapons. God that fucking game on the p2w side, shit.
The thing is that, it's true to some degree. The thing about Dota is that the barrier of entry is so big and so.. ruthless (I've had countless smurfs on the first 50 hours it's astonishing) that a lot of people try Dota2 and come back to LoL in like 3-4 days. A lot more people would play Dota if it was easier to get into imo.
I'm personally one of the rare cases that at 1600 hours I haven't spent a single cent in the game (or in steam after 6 years, still got the games I wanted atleast) so I have no attachment to games except for hours played and I normally bursh them off since I know I can get better at other games. After trying Dota for the 50 hours like I said the level of smurfs and blaming there was going around was huge with the added intentional feeding to the side, that added with the number of items (Actives!) and overwhelming at first number of heros and shit is just really hard to get into. Also the LoL player have put some much time in learning the game that to switch to another one is almost impossible unless the game is dead (like cod4, I miss that game :/). The Dota barrier of entry makes this even worse than it should be honestly. Csgo is the same deal but atleast it has the bonus that it's a fps.
Don't forget the chick with big tits showing in the middle of war!
Makes me remember the 6s elitist on TF2, they didn't like change and looked down to everybody who accepted it. Thing is that it's kind of justified to some point cuz before this year every change made in the game was horrible for comp and broke the game so it got black-listed lol. Also now I just realized I've never really shown anything from tf2 and I mention it a lot since it's my fav game huh. Might aswell show something from the class [I play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNYVip5d9_A), the only reason I chose this vid is because of the play at 2:32, oh and the rocket at 2:54 which misses actually airshots a sniper which is pretty funny.
Yeah, it's not that bad though. I'm personally used to it since in the fps genre before it was so popular, no idea why though.
Yep they did! It's pretty good now, go try it out! Nothing to lose since it's f2p.
Holy fuck you're actually from NA. I thought every Dota player was on EU or something, fuck! Sure I'll add you dude.
Don't forget about Lina.
Yeah I do know, it's still interesting that somebody was uh... Horny? Enough to do them. I actually find the video but I'm not sure if I'm allowed to post it.
Thanks for confirmation.
I underestimate a lot of shit lately honestly.
Zhonyas is insane, it needed the small nerf. I would honestly buff ap somewhere else and nerf zhonyas to make the mega defensive item not be viable as first, like fuck. Imagen adc building GA as first item and being viable.
Actually Soulstealer has been used before as a comeback item. Try it out next time you are loosing hard and have little gold. Get one good teamfight or pick and begin stacking. This has also been done on pro games.
From I like it, into retards. Nice argument m8. Should become a politician or something.
Renekton has kill pressure, maokai just tanks like a fucking rock. I would honestly say mao is safer due to being untargetable when he uses his W I think.
Overall was pretty good, gods could of been much more, flexible? The battle just felt so slow for battle that are supposed to be between gods, it didn't really showcase the game apart of the gods and music choice was just... Bad... I feel like classical music would of been better (a more upbeat one) on this since gods are supposed to be this old mystical thing.
God fuck IB, left my IB school this year. Shit is useless where I live and doesn't leave you any free time + the school starts looking at you as just a grade, they don't help shit on lower grades students and exort the higher grade students to participate on every single fucking thing that the school wants them to or they make their life impossible. Also I won't even start with the over-importance that they add on sports. Kids on private schools over here are going mental on the last year and then just drop out of uni and leave everything behind, some have suicided IN school and others have picked up drugs. Even though I have gone to the uk because of it and seen this happening over there it's horrible on the top tiers. Also I won't even start with the number of depression and individuality. It's fucking bullshit. I'm amazed my sister went through with it but she loves studying so I guess that helped her.
Oh god dude, you fucked up on selecting shit. Atleast we don't have a problem on spanish over here since we actually speak it, but learning it? You're fucked. I just wish families weren't as demanding with grades on IB, saw one too many kids just ruining their lifes just because they were so presured at home, hope you are not one of them dude &lt;3. Also sorry if I'm over speaking with that, it's just a close subject to me since a really close friend almost died because of the stress of IB. I'm just glad I left that school and I'm on a much more chill one now, I know I can get a bright future without the IB nightmare.
Yeah I never want to take it again, it's easy, but too time consuming and I don't enjoy that, I love games and doing random shit and I'm not going to be able to do that as much when I'm on uni or working. Might aswell enjoy my time with something than later regret it. Also from the little trip I had to NA due to physics (just a school trip, can't even remember what it was for since I just fucked around), the IB over there must be even worse.
"Headzots" I haven't heard that in ages. The number of private cheats on csgo are insane, but the high profile private cheats are something to be scared off, they are so suttle but effective at the same time, hell the really go ones even look like mouse movement. I'm honestly amazed they allow players to bring their gear to LAN, I would make them be stripped off any electrical shit they may have and play with the same mouse/headset/keyboard/mousepad or anything similar on other steam acc's. The only thing I can see this affecting is skins. The number of flaws this game has anti cheat wise is insane.
Something that all people should understand here. THEY WEREN'T BANNED FOR THROWING, THEY WERE BANNED DUE TO RECIEVING THE SKINS. If they never recieved the skins they would have NOT been banned like Skadoodle iirc. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvP5O30WWKg) is a video of Thorin explaining this if you guys want to know. Now should they be perma-banned? Fuck no, there were no rules in this shit before that, now should they been punished? Definetly. If rules were in place before this incident and they said that a perma-ban was going to happen, then yes I would agree with this, but they werent. This perma is bullshit.
Wait, they actually don't pay them? Fuck...
