Or Phil forgot to set aside some time for band rehearsals despite accepting the $50million...., certainly Trey should not be faulted, he did far more than should be expected and took his part quite seriously.
Hopefully people will start buying from their local butchers. I am quite sure ( as sure as a vegetarian of 25 years can be ) that your local butcher will not only give you the country of origin he will give you directions to the farm where the cow lived a happy life, and it may just be within a 20 minute bike ride of your house.
Woodstock. Festival Express. Both have some great proshot videos. Both have out takes as well of the band enjoying others music-hanging out, as well as previously unreleased video.
There is a small portion of them doing Monterey Pop but their performance has never been officially released due to legal dealios.
The Human Be In. Death Of The Haight Funeral. Few other videos from 68 as well. I have all of the above but in storage, I know Im missing a bunch. Justin Krutzman compiled a bunch for a video montage, great quality.
Grateful Dead Turn On Your Love Light - Woodstock 40 minute pro shot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUeHBtAMifo
Sun Stones. They are a yellowish crystal-mineral stone that glows if held up to the sun. They can be found on a few beaches around town. Ive never seen them off of the island.
I am in the exact same boat. 297 light, never raided. Ill add my details when I get home.
Love it! I havent played DnD seriously in 30 years but man that is the kind of thing I used to dream of, deluxe for us was drafting graph paper that was ruled to to the mm.
1976 JGB is some of my fave music in the world. So damn mellow, beautiful and THAT WHITE TB GUITAR. That guitar tone is just so damn unique and yet quintessential Jerry. They could release the entire year ( if they had them ) and I would be in heaven.
Do you DL Flacs ? If so I can link a ton.
http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=575049 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=570156 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=568483 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=560433 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=546082 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=545856 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=534099 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=533529 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=519687 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=519687 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513940 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513842 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=513752 http://bt.etree.org/details.php?id=512150
Hit him up for some tickets next time hes in your town!
I can happily help, really not any different once you are set up. Do you use Mac or PC ? Do you have a torrent client ( a program that Downloads the torrents you click ) ?
Ok, PC is easiest of the two. So the first thing you need to do is right click desktop make a new folder call it Music say. Next DL qbittorrent ( link below ). Install program, click the DL link on any of the torrents I linked, in a moment your qbittorent will open and ask where to dl it to ? Click the window, hit desktop, and your new music folder, ok. Thats it. Qbittorent will run all your download torrents including movies, music, comics, books etc etc. It is lightweight ( will not use up any memory ) and does not track you with cookies etc. qbittorent is very easy to use and completely intuitive, it does not " play " your files, it is just used for downloading. http://www.qbittorrent.org
If you want a great free audiophile program to play your flacs without converting them try Aimp3. It makes most other players sound and look as bad as they actually are. It also plays 24bit, flac, sacd, dvda etc. etc. http://www.aimp2.us/aimp3-download.php
GDT is the most over fluffed under delivering film maker I can think of. Pacific Rim was beyond horrible, ive never witnessed worse dialogue and acting in a movie theatre in my life. I still have not made it through Crimson Peak, its painfully written and horribly acted despite having maybe the best cast of any movie this year. It takes an incredible amount of work to make the cast of crimson peak act as terribly as they did.
I just puked in my mouth.
Mountains Of Madness.
Completely agree, I had not seen a movie that bad since Yor Hunter From The Future and that was 30 years.
If you are homeless or dress homeless you will be left to drink in peace.
I was 16 mid 80s. A group of friends and I had a friend whos parents went away every weekend to their cottage. We had weekly psychedelic experimentation. These sessions started off with a movie being the focus; Altered States, 2001, Cronenberg movies, Ralph Bashki films, blacksploitation films, animated movies like Secret Of Nihm etc. One night it was Pink Floyds The Wall, and the power of the music combined with the substances and visuals eventually our nights became highly planned and focused music appreciation sessions. We started off with Pink Floyd and that slowly expanded to The Grateful Dead. Then we got copies of The GD Movie, RCMH ( Dead Ahead ), So Far etc.
Great post, still the most legendary cockblock of all time!
I disagree somewhat. Not the show, obviously some of the most incredible moments, and that show has brought me to some very special places ( talking to you Christmas Eve 1993 ). Its the sound quality, its just not exactly perfect. If you listen to it side by side with many bootlegs or any other official release from that period you will find the soundscape to be particularly shallow. If you listen on some good headphones side by side with the Charlie Miller remaster of the show ( bonus you get to hear the entire show ) you may hear what I am talking about. https://archive.org/details/gd1973-12-19.sbd.miller.97361.sbeok.flac16
edit- There is another version where Charlie patched in the Phil bass solo that Phil famously forced Dick to cut. I need to dig in my HD to find it.
Put on some headphones and CRANK this Here Comes Sunshine. You will not be the same ever again. https://archive.org/details/gd1973-12-19.sbd.miller.97361.sbeok.flac16
I think Phil thought it was a bit self indulgent, but the backlash from the fans that got back to Phil taught him a lesson that the band were a bit too close to the music and that they should take a step back and let the fans have it how it was played.
CBC and CFUV are all I listen to radio wise. Thankful to have these two in an otherwise desolate and hopeless Victoria radio landscape.
streaming is lossy. you would have to dl the show from btetree for the actual comparison.
That was not a fun half of football. Seahawks look flat and uninspired. I expect a diffent Seahawks second half.
We sure did not win that game, The Vikings lost it. So glad we have another opportunity to play again with this group, because this game would be a terribly lack lustre way to end the season.
Only a complete loser headcase would think this win would be something to gloat about.
You dont think 10 points can beat The Panthers ? /s Ya, we need team brainstorming starting right this moment.
When I was 17 I camped out over night to buy tickers to his Glass Spider Tour in 1987 at CNE Stadium Toronto. Despite all the changes I went through in my musical tastes in my life Bowie never left my music collection.
You can not buy meth and crack 24-7 out in Prospect Lake, lets be reasonable.
Try to buy a 10kilo bag of rice, a 10 kilo bag of lentils, a 15 kilo bag of flour and a 10lbs bag of dried beans. Keep those in the pantry for the next 3 months and add them to dishes. We eat a lot of mexican, and I make my own pizza doughs 1-2 times a week ( and scones, banana bread, muffins etc ). Seems to save us a lot of money. # not saying you are wrong, I was back east in Ontario for a month and groceries were %25 less expensive, my guess is wayyyyy more competition is the reason, I have brought this up numerous times here in other threads, but for some reason any talk of more grocery stores coming to Victoria gets people upset and + downvotes.
Its mushy and tasteless, but it is not horrible.
Rebar - Almond Burger is incredible and very filling. Fantastic toppings. No fries though. You can have it with a side chop salad that is one of the best salads in the city though. Ferris Oyster Bar - Their veggie burger is very unique, it is basically 50% sunflower seeds, sounds weird but its good and unlike most veggie burgers it is crispy. The downside is it is kind of greasy and so are the fries but thats ok once in a while. Pink Bicycle - have two, a bean one which was very mushy, and a chick pea one which has a great consistency but a strong taste, cumin maybe ? The buns, toppings and fries are great though.
I did not hate Bin4s version, it was ok, I tried it twice caveat to go, i bet they are better fresh. Costcos is just their version of Moneys Garden Burger, the original is much better IMO, they don't have much taste but at least they are not fake meat which I find gross.
Its a fake meat type burger, TBH that is not my fave type of burger, so I am a bit biased.
Try Rebar, ive got quite a few carnivores hooked on this one.
Dead Beats is a food truck, they do a cashew burger that was pretty good, not sure if they run in the winter, but they are everywhere in the summer, and they have good fries as well. Its a bit small and expensive relative to some.
Looking forward to trying this, thanks!
Will be trying this, thanks! Have never eaten in Logans I dont think, seen some good shows there though.
Where at Uvic ? I heard at one point there was a veggie restraunt there, we drove up and nobody had heard of it?
Dude, you HAVE TO try it!
Moneys come in 6 packs, can get them at Lifestyles. They also have a veggie breaded cutlet at Lifestyles that i like even better, put that on a bun with toppings and homemade fries.
Thanks!
Is it open on Saturdays?
Thanks
