I feel like these rules are too based off of interpretation. To what extent would it be considered to be expressing excessive profanity? What about the definition of advertisement, or the definition of racism, or most importantly, the definition of "insulting?" Words that may seem insulting to one may not be insulting to others or may seem very insulting to some, due to the way they interpret the statements. Ultimately, these rules are not really definite; the vague definitions weaken these rules.
I've checked the logs, and we're attacking Four Island. Adjust fuel accordingly if needbe.
Just my laptop I guess, thanks for the giveaway :)
Rust please, thanks for the giveaway :)
[Here's a short clip you might enjoy :)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXYmFqEkCGQ&amp;app=desktop) Thanks for the giveaway :)
Portal is the one game I would show anyone wanting to get into PC gaming. Absolutely try it out.
Humble Bundle and GoG are the other sites that I'd recommend buying from. If possible, I'd recommend buying from them instead of the Steam Store, because Humble Bundle can often get you great games for very cheap prices (and supports charity), and GoG (and often Humble Bundle) offer DRM-free game downloads, meaning that once you buy the games, you get the keep the files.
Rocket League :) If you have that, try out Ori and the Blind Forest. Amazing platformer with a beautiful soundtrack.
Lego Marvel Super Heroes is the Lego game that saved the franchise (I think) so try that out. Lego Batman 3 is basically the DC equivalent of that. Also tried out Lego Jurassic World and it was pretty good. Not as good as Marvel Super Heroes, but still pretty good.
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Rayman Origins please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Played a little bit of that as well, it's decent.
Don't Starve please, thanks for the giveaway :) Received Rocket League and Lethal League from my secret santa this x-mas :)
Doodle God please, thanks for the giveaway :) A husband and wife go to a restaurant. The waiter approaches the table to take their order. "I'll have your biggest, juiciest steak," says the husband. "But sir, what about the mad cow?" asks the waiter. "Oh," says the husband, "she'll order for herself."
Thanks for the giveaway, and happy birthday :)
987, thanks for the giveaway :)
Sanctum: Collection please, 21, thanks for the giveaway :)
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Indeed it is. He didn't give me anything in THE league though (which I wouldn't have done anything with because Rocket League is waaaay better :) )
Thank you so much, happy holidays :)
Happy birthday :)
[Somewhat related](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpCgqWiTGpo)
Psychonauts is a buck on Steam right now. Amazing game.
Psychonauts is only 1 buck and is absolutely amazing :)
I noticed you don't have the Stanley Parable, it's on sale for about 5 bucks if you want to try that out!
Good luck with the job interview :)
Psychonauts is just one buck right now, absolutely recommend it. Also try out Ori and the Blind Forest :)
No problem, let me know what you think of it :)
I absolutely agree with the guy who says buy the Bioshock Triple Pack. After that, you can buy Fallout New Vegas, Fallout 3/Tomb Raider, and then Borderlands 2; alternatively, don't buy any of those games and get Wolfenstein: The New Order.
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Create a scavenger hunt of finding the most obscure things on the internet. Some things could be a little easier (for example, finding 10 Steam Accounts that still own Air Control), although you can also force them to try and find obscure facts or other obscure things (for example, try and find a $9.00 half-eaten candy bar on ebay, guess screenshots of obscure movies, or perhaps force them to watch hour long videos in order to answer questions about certain details). Again, the possibilities are endless!
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
So it's not an AAA game, but I'm looking forward to this indie game, based off of collectathon platformers like Banjo Kazooie and Super Mario Galaxy: http://hatintime.com/
GRID please! [Still one of my favorite gifs.](http://i.imgur.com/f7rJAZ7.gif) Thanks for the giveaway!
21, favorite band is Pink Floyd. Thanks for the giveaway :)
This might sound scandalous, but I'm going to tell you to download Project 64 and then emulate Conker's Bad Fur Day. There really is no other game like it.
Thanks for the giveaway :)
21, GTX 970, thanks for the giveaway :)
I can agree with pretty much all of the suggestions in this thread, and I'll add on my suggestion of Grim Fandango Remastered. The definitive adventure game with a great story.
All three are amazing, but I like Ori the most.
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
KoToR and KoToR II. Empire at War is also worth your time.
Rocket League.
Psychonauts is a buck and is definitely worth a look. Fallout New Vegas is only $2.50 and is similarly amazing. If you're looking for newer games, Ori and the Blind Forest is absolutely worth your time and is absolutely beautiful.
Favorite game that I got during the winter sale would have to be Ori and the Blind Forest. Absolutely beautiful game with an amazing soundtrack and intuitive gameplay.
Definitely! Can't get enough of collectathon 3D Platformers :)
Definitely recommend Bioshock Infinite, and Wolfenstein: The New Order
Game I'd be interested in would be Fallout: New Vegas, thanks for the giveaway! Right now, I'm just watching the AGDQ livestream of Resident Evil, otherwise known as Door Simulator Remaster. It's a pretty good time, check it out! http://www.twitch.tv/gamesdonequick
Thanks! They're up all week, so don't forget to check them out!
Thanks for the giveaway :)
