Wow this thread isn't even about Chelsea and they got shit on twice in a row god damn.
Should be noted that they were away fans in France.
I got 10 in 3 months playing the game, it's all about luck bro.
Havelange is Darth Sideous of football.
Neither are great options though, especially the second which would rightfully piss everybody that already owns the card.
I saw a BGH joke in the middle of a discussion about the corruption investigations there.
I'm not sure if he couldn't handle, because he's doing a *much* better job with Sarada atm. He just fucked up with Sakura and that's about it, there was plenty of opportunity with her as a character that's supposed to be one of the strongest ninjas in the world and he still treats her as a mediocre ninja with OP heals. Not unlike how Tsunade is perceived as much weaker than the average Hokage.
Isn't Lady Liadrin the Sun Cleric card?
Can you explain me what picture are you talking about? I only see the o e with the innkeeper and the shadowed one.
Well, they are rusted, as Kurama and Naruto said themselves.
Plot no Jutsu is a form ninjutsu. Talk no Jutsu is when you add the Speech element to it, and Speech is Naruto's kekkei genkai.
You can also just click save.
Definitely post 30.
She probably knew where they would meet.
Yeah, not even Naruto went all "Sakura-chan?!?! D=&gt;"
Because it's not in beta anymore.
Trust me, there will be no hate towards people that buy this. People are throwing a fit atm because for god knows why people think that releasing cosmetic alternatives as a buyable options means that Blizzard has been spending all their developing power in them instead of their deck slots and new game modes. It's unreasonable and shortly anough it'll be understood that these are, in fact, a good thing for Hearthstone, even if most people don't really care about them (they're options for people who want options). The prices are a reasonable complain though. It probably won't fade out because even if they only want one or two alternative heroes, 10$ for what they offer isn't good. It's almost half a full adventure.
Notice that the area around the portrait and the Hero Power is different!
That fucking New Classes introduction at 3:14 reminiscent of Sailor Moon, oh my god. That seemed like Rage Orc's videos, does anyone know if there's an original video with that?
The Santos player himself said it was a penalty, I don't know why people in this sub are so fast to call something a dive...
Better than Cristiano's, lol. Jokes aside, he doesn't take many free-kicks, so probably a good one.
And a filler one.
Depend on how good the burritos are.
Agreed, the first half was pretty awesome. I don't remember the last episode we had with some epic music, shit going on and actually good animation.
And why the fuck bitching about it is good? The group of people working on things like this is completely different from the group of people working in new cards and new features (and you can be sure that they are). Like someone else said, it's like complaining about card balancing to the artists. We should be glad this was done because it's an not gameplay-related improvement done by people not working on gameplay, and then keep asking for content to people actually working on gameplay so they can put it in a higher priority list (that still would take months to get shape). Keep in mind that until BRM there was *very few* people complaining so much about lack of content as people are now, but suddenly everything that is not new deckslots or tournament mode will be cashcowing. Yes, I'm certain that they're working on deckslots and thinking about how to add new modes and ladder (and which), but these things take *time* and they weren't on top of most people priority lists until these last few weeks. It's not the dev's fault that the size of their team is so ridiculously small compared to the money they make and the size of the playerbase. Blizzard seems proud of it being that way and is probably using the game to fund other ones like HotS and Overwatch, but it just turned out that it is incompatible with Hearthstone's growth. People are asking for much more features and faster than they can provide them, we got mobile platform just a month ago and they still need to constantly think about new cards being added. If Blizzard decides to give the team proper support and investment they might be able to keep up with demands but until then we'll need to get used to improvements being slow.
But we can be reasonable here, it seems.
Funny how anyone who disagrees with you is labelled as a fanboy.
It's really immersive into Kvothe's story, it feels like I'm reading a diary or something and it's one of the biggest reasons I love the series. It feels like a normal life, except it's in a fantasy world. Makes it feel rich.
I have no idea what you guys are talking about :D
I don't like him less at all, it's just easier to point out his problems. Kvothe and Denna are my favorite characters though, so there's that.
Iirc Patrick mentioned a desire to write a book from Denna's perspective. He said he isn't good enough of a writer to write from a teenager girl's perspective so I'm guessing we won't see anything like this for *many* years. But anyway I'm looking forward to it and it's good to know he wants to do something like this.
It's surprising and funny the ammount of people that get some character's visuals wrong. For a long time I thought Bast was black, and I have friends who didn't realize Wilem and Kilvin were, and one that was sure Ambrose was blonde. Patrick is so subtle with descriptions that you kinda create a visual for the characters by yourself and assume he told it, when in fact very few other than Kvothe and Denna are very detailed. Other than that I feel Denna is also prone to a *lot* of misconceptions about her character by fans.
You ravel.
You didn't call be fanboy a single time, but some of your reactions are ridiculous. First of all, if you're using a Forrest Gump reference that says someone isn't smart, than you're saying that person isn't smart. Being a reference is not an excuse. And then everyone who disagrees are fanboys who just go along. The fact is that there are people flipping about skin options (which *is* a good thing for the game) that has absolutely no relation to people involved in gameplay features. It's a bonus, for the people who wanted it. You can't ask an artist to balance the cards or a programmer to fix the ladder system. And there's also people like you who *still* flip about an interview he did over a fucking year ago where he talked about (legitimate) worries about increasing the deck slots, revolting about the circlejerk that they're "too confusing". Let's all ignore how they all mentioned multiple times over that new features, modes, deck slots and ladder improvements are all good things for the future of the game and how they would try to implement them eventually, shall we? It's obvious everyone who doesn't are just fanboys.
You *start* the game as a class, a race and a faction, how is any of that unlocked slowly as you level up?
Same with the mobile platform release. Ben Brode said that having a mobile version was a new feature and people got angry with that.
He's wrong and you're right, it's a Japanese thing. Chinese has a *lot* of Ls.
This is beautiful, great read.
This actually looks like you!
He already has one planned, Laniel Born Again (or something like this) will be out after D3 and is about a woman in Modeg.
Which one is Silhouette?
Yeah price definition is the hardest question here, would they more than double the sales of the cut the price by half? But I agree with you there, I think that with an accessible price they would sell much more of these. It would make people (like me) consider buying more if not all of the heroes instead of just one for their favorite class for exemple. Unless they give frequent promotions, which would be reasonable.
People were also willing to spend for cosmetic alternative heroes, but the price was too much. People wouldn't be happy if each deckslot costed 5$, and they would move on to complain about a lack of tournament mode.
Arena is supposed to be the place where *everyone* is the same and with equal opportunities and chances. Seeing an opponent with a golden portrait or cards would reveal that he's a quite experienced player would break that, so it's understandable why they want to keep the Arena as this homogenous place.
I liked it...
Neymar is secretly a girl, a real life Mulan story.
Juventus is doing a great job shutting down Messi, and Evra particularly.
Well Europe used to considerably favor tall and strong players over technical ones not too long ago. It used to be their thing.
Europeans used to, too.
It was in slow mo.
