The easiest thing is to get a new band, but I like to come up with creative fixes too. 1. Determine the ideal position for the loop. 2. Drill two tiny holes in the existing band. I have drills smaller than 1/32". You could force a pin through using pliers for grip on the pin. 3. Find suitable leather from an old coat or shoe upper. 4. Cut a doner piece the size of the loop that you want. 5. Sew the two ends of the loop to the base of the band using the two holes made above. You would use the two holes as well as wind the thread around the outside edge of the band. 6. Use nylon thread if possible for strength.
I don't know the age or model of car and that could help. Why is that tape around the hose? Check the fluid levels and see what is leaking. If it is brake fluid, drive slowly and guardedly to service after filling it. An oil leak you can keep topping off until it's bad enough to warrant a fix by way of mess and expense. An antifreeze leak is tricky. Most leaks get worse and antifreeze is under pressure so it can get worst fast. The insidious part is that air is drawn into the system and causes hot spots in cylinder heads that eventually can cause a blown head gasket valued at many times the leak repair cost, sometime the whole engine. Leaks can't be ignored until you know exactly what you are dealing with.
A vice is generally mounted on a workbench. Anyone with a workbench and vice probably has an abundance of other tool including scissors. For lengthy cloth, I have an electric pattern cutter. The razor-blade in the vice would not be good for cloth or paper because there is no slicing effect. Still, i don't discount this idea completely as there may be a use in cutting something. Cheese? No. String? Yes Fingers? FoSho
That all seems rather intense for a new year's resolution. Step 1: Have some discipline. Step 2: Make a decision to change at any point in the year when you discover change is desired.
Generally all you need to do is pull out those remaining thread pieces along the seam. They will pull out more easily from the back. sometimes it helps to take the material and roll it between two fingers on each hand to loosen them. You can also use fingernails on the back or even a seam ripper very carefully.
It's a nice looking watch because of the color. But it is a cheap watch with a movement equal to what is found in a dollar store watch. The band is proprietary and not made for any type of replacement or repair. The buckle end that you show from Amazon is designed as a replacement if you have a suitable mating end on your band. Your picture does not show the buckle end so I can't tell if you could install it.
Since it is new, don't screw around. Craftsman stuff is returnable. Go with something else. I suppose you could play around with shimming the short side with washers, but why? I never have this problem with mine. But again, I leave the jack in place when under load. It never moves. Use a proper dolly if moving a load.
It's a bedroom door so you probably can't hurt anything. The problem is that you loose 1/16" or more of door space at the closing side and this usually causes issues of jamming, tightness, rubbing, etc. If it does not and you can live with the "custom" look, OK. It's not that hard to carve out the space for hinges with a chisel, but there are risks of damaging surrounding wood. There are tools for it, but old craftsmen can do it quickly with simple hand tools. Scribe the position with a pencil or whatever. Take the chisel and hammer in the perimeter. You are both marking the position and setting the depth with this procedure. Then chisel in from the edges to avoid damaging other areas. Try to go about the right depth. You can shave the space deeper as needed. One key to his is to have an ultra sharp chisel. I would be using a 1" or so, but I have an assortment. Actually, what I really do is use a Dremel type rotary tool with a router bit free hand if necessary or with a small table. Depends on what tools you have. But I still would set the depth with a chisel on the edges for accuracy. PS&gt; A "5-way" tool also works as a good chisel for these.
Based upon reading your answers to the posts, I surely suggest you contact a professional for service. You will end up paying for a service call. The actual repair could be very minor. There may be some simple reset. On the other hand, a control board may have been damaged by the surge when power came back on and that would be costly. I lost a security camera to such a surge this summer. I think this is your best move.
Usually, refrigerator/freezer trays have a stop mechanism at the far end of the travel. It's not very complex. It consists of a "speed bump" at the end. You were caught speeding. Place the tray in the slot and lift it over the speed bump and slide it in. Pass me a beer.
There are not many parts to this device. It's mostly a heating element and a heat sensor. The wiring in your picture looks pretty clean. So I guess there is a short in the heating element. It would be unsafe to use if it did start. Consider yourself lucky. A heart transplant of the element is probably not warranted financially. You could confirm all I'm saying by testing with a multi-meter. Check the resistance of the element. It should measure a few ohms. If it measures zero, you confirm a short.
I'd certainly hold off on spending money at this time. I have seen a simple reboot like you did last for six months or until the door was left open by a kid or kid like adult.
Agreed, unless this is the end that the dog chewed up.
I've ruined lots of glasses and screens with compounds. Be sure to post pictures of your results and the technique you used.
Congratulations! Your reply makes my day. PS&gt;Yes, sometimes I just scribe the pattern with a utility knife.
I knew where this was going when you said "set of scales." You only need one scale for weight checking and I suggest a digital model. You don't want to be subjectively reading an analog one. Stop eating sugar and all processed food. That is all.
I can confirm this answer. And I add that you can take the old belt and measure around the circumference. Then measure the width. The angle of the V if it's that type is a factor also, but just eyeball it. Better yet, measure the inside width and compare with replacements. Hardware, appliance and utility vehicle stores stock a wide assortment and can match. Further, Note how much play you have for adjustment of the belt. You may be able to use one slightly longer or shorter as a replacememt.
Looks like a 3/8X16 machine thread to me. I'd hold it closer to the ruler to be sure. This would be an extremely common size, although the head is less common. Depending on what you use it for a simple he head might work as well, but not something with a tapered head. When you find what you think is a match at the store, hold the threads next to each other. The threads should nest together perfectly.
The internal connection where the prong of that plug meets the wire inside is failing. This drives the resistance up and causes heat. Eventually there will be arcing and more heat, even fire. You can't continue to use such a plug. A cheap plug end can be purchased at the hardware for a few bucks. You would need to strip the wires back to install it. If you are unfamiliar with the procedure, have a friend do it, and watch if possible.
Buzz killer here. This is the time to consider various ways to gain a job skill. Either go back to regular school or a trade school of some kind. Learn how to cut hair or something. I realize these things take start-up funds you probably don't have. There must be "gub ment" programs available. If this direction fails, find a job with a tradesman who could eventually sponsor your for a trade. My details may not work for you, but the direction is bullet proof. Your first goal should not be a job and money. It should be finding a way to improve your skills.
Off hand it sounds like the drive stripped a gear. This is the buzz. You know it has power. There is no generic fix. You have probably already tried to coax i to work by manually helping it to dance. If that doesn't work you will need to disassemble it and observe the defect, probably a stripped gear.
From the picture it looks like that pivot arm is pressed into the chair portion. You don't have equipment to remove it unless you could cobble up a drive piece with a C-clamp. You could beat it out with a hammer and punch if it were quite loose and I bet not. Your next alternative is to design some bracket to duplicate the function. This would be the job of an avid tinkerer that owned perhaps a welder and an assortment of metal pieces to fabricate with.
I have no experience with this product. Facing a $400 alternative, I would surely give this a try. You will only be working with the damaged part and not spreading the damage. You can always replace part.These products largely depend on the skill of the applicator. I could see cross-purposing this material on siding, garage doors or mail boxes.
I'm not positive what I'm looking at there. When the rust is that bad the screws could be hopelessly rust-bonded in place and require drilling out. Other times just the head is rusty and the threads are pristine. So try removal first. Heating is helpful in making them de-bond and unscrew. A small pencil torch would work. Don't over do it. It looks like a good Philips head on the one. Always use the perfect size driver and push hard in while turning. Another approach is an impact driver that imparts torque and "normal" force at the same instant and can break threads loose. But don't bother buying one if you don't already own one. You could try putting the proper driver in place and tapping a few times with a hammer in hopes of loosening it. And of course there is the obligatory suggestion to wet them with a "Liquid Wrench" type product and let it sit an hour. Lastly, you could deeply slot the heads with a Dremel type tool and a cutoff wheel. However, the head looks so small that the head would probably split off the first time you tried to use a flat head screwdriver on it. That's all I got now.
Yes, but you can always purchase an annuity with a portion of the cash received and achieve the security of yearly payments of the level you choose. And remember, the cash up front proposal is merely the discounted cash flow of the long term payments based on estimated interest rates. The Lotto itself buys an annuity with that SAME cash when the winner chooses long term payments.
I don't drink at all-any more. I work out constantly every day and keep track of my pulse and bp. My resting pulse is from 38-46 as a rule. Rarely, in summer it will spike to 98 or so. I know I'm in trouble and that trouble is dehydration. I need to re-hydrate to avoid an afib type situation. Dehydration is related to alcohol consumption. I suppose as a laymen that might partially account for your experience.
You may even be one of the lucky ones. One study I read compared the fitness of people who were sedentary and those who worked out. They measured various criteria on control groups of sedentary people before and after workout programs extending so many weeks. They found that most former sedentary people did increase fitness with the change to a workout schedule. However, some people actually LOST a level of fitness. In other words, this small percentage actually was fitter by maintaining the sedentary lifestyle. It doesn't work for me. Just throwing it out there.
Speaking as a long term wearer of glasses and frequent flyer on the accident express here. I have had body crashes while skiiing, running and biking that involved head and eye impact while wearing glasses. At no time has a lens ever done more than crack or get abraded. However, the frames have done substantial damage to my face and eye area. One bike accident required a dozen surgeries to the eye area that cost 10's of thousands out of pocket. I have always wondered if not having those frames there would have saved me damage or allowed worse actual eye damage. On the other side, I also spend time in the woods and frequently am impacted by branches that hit the lenses and they prevent what might be serious corneal damage. So there is a trade-off. As far as the difference between cheap and expensive frames, I can't see how a cheap frame would hurt you more than an expensive one. Sure, they might break and require replacement. But an expensive frame is not going to save you from damage either.
If you had consumed a meal including beets, that would look like blood and be harmless.
I agree. And the more he tries to fool with it, the more he owns the job. You can see that the wood thread is covered with material other than wood and the wood piece was sunk in plaster. If I were fixing it I would use a 3"X1.5" block of wood screwed to the wood in back. Then pre-drill in the center of the new insert and thread the knob in that hole. After that I could slop plaster to fill or leave it for the next guy.
I can't see a way that it is dangerous. Sometimes if you see such spots on the inside where it cooks, it can be a sign of a hot spot caused by microwaves that are not stirred properly. This can sometimes be a problem if it overheats. But your spot is OK.
I can hand feed pencils fast enough to sharpen more than I'd ever use. People still use wood pencils?
Almost all the threads look like they are pulled rather than torn. This means there could be hope in the hands of a real professional. I remember the old Ban Lon shirts would get a thread pulled out and look bad. I could stick a thread puller in from the opposite side and pull it back through so the look was perfect. That was a single thread. I see the coat is made in China. Just how expensive was the coat as that is a primary determinant of how much should be spent.
I would suggest the wall anchors that pull in from the back and use machine screws. The reason is that this type is designed for removal and replacement more often than the ones that merely cut into the drywall and use self tapping screws.
Used furniture often goes for pennies on the dollar. Some especially high end items could be better. You could attempt to sew your couch together with nylon thread and a curved carpet needle. I have doubts about the thread pulling out of that material that looks like thin vinyl. The major reason you see that tear is because the inside fiber is light color. I suggest you color that light area with matching color. The color will be readily absorbed by the fabric. This may be a better solution than risking a greater pull out of threads. I've never seen indelible marker in that shade. Maybe a dab of wood stain would do it.
It has broken rather cleanly with a single piece rather than chips. You already know that it was not very secure to begin with. There is just not enough meat behind the plate. I would NOT use screws. I would use clear epoxy or fast wood glue as suggested and get the best appearance I could. This will be quick and easy. Then I would add a second lock that is more secure with long screws. This could involve some creative thinking for placement.
First pull that stick out of there. Then you will have a hole that you can fish through. A tiny "easy out" could work, but you would need to be sure not to apply much pressure because you don't want to expand the hole. Use just enough pressure to grab the stub. A tiny screw would work as well too. Again, restrain yourself from tightening it. I would not wish to disassemble a laptop for such an easy task, but if you were looking at it from the inside, there may or may not be a way to push the stub back out.
Those screws look very short. There should be a vertical 2"X4" or 2"X6" just beyond the exposed wood. I would find some 4" #8 screws to replace the existing ones. They will grab the wood from behind there and secure the plate. Pre-drill the holes with a 1/8" drill to prevent cracking and apply some dish soap to the screws before driving them home.
Assuming you have retraced your steps and R&amp;R that part again with the same result, there are two main possibilities. Either the part you received is bad or the original diagnosis was faulty. Try putting the old part back in. Look, the friend made it work without the new part even temporarily. That suggests the control unit may not have been the cause.
Those adapters seem pretty solid. The drivers load and it works. You will see Windows doing its fine work. The glitches come more with the headsets, mainly the cheap ones that I bought too many of. Sometimes they pair up. Sometimes they don't. Sometimes they appear to be paired and still don't work. Sometimes the mic doesn't work, but the earpiece does. So stick with a reputable source where you can get a full refund or return. My worst experiences have been with eBay direct shipments from China.
If the control panel is getting hot, that suggests some high resistance in there. Maybe a wire is loose or a connection is dirty. You could fix those. You could not have done anything wrong operationally by using is in any mode. Test the other functions to see what works. Read the microwave manual and practice with it so you have that option ready A basic microwave has two functions, power level and time. They generally default to full power and that just leaves selecting the time. When the bell goes off it's calling you for dinner.
If it's just Yahoo and Hotmail, they have had issues where their server has been hacked to give up email addresses and passwords. Changing your password does not help if a hacker has the whole database.
If you don't have name tags on them you may be catching the same frequent flyers. Who doesn't like a vacation and some strange? I predict it will be fine. Google says 10 miles is the magic number for relocation, but not over 40 miles.
Invest in a decent respirator($25), not a simple dust mask. The carbon canister will take care of the odor and protect your lungs. Put the mask in a sealed plastic bag after use to make it last longer. This is a tiny investment over the long haul. Use it for paint, ammonia, bleach, etc.
I use an unfolded paperclip for emergencies. For example, when shopping for a TV in a store or garage sale without a cable hookup, at least you can tell if there is any picture on any channel.
I think your ideas are on target. I would not use L-brackets. I would use 4"X4" plywood plates and long screws into the studs. They might be 3-4" screws, pre-drilled and soaped up before driving. The cabinet just tilted away from the weight and because it was not balanced to start with so your idea of shimming is good. But pull it into the wall first.
If you have an old extra computer with any Windows OS you can buy a cheap web cam for $15 bucks and install it to free iSpy with motion sensing. Just let it run. I changed to this route from true security cams after many failed after weeks or months. I find web cams bullet proof. Of course you need one that will focus at a distance.
The fruit flies did not multiply that fast. You had hundreds to start with. The vinegar device does work. Maybe you need to perfect it a little though.
I assume it is broken between the two arms there. I too see the head of a rivet or pressed in pin of some sort. You need to get into position to pound that pin out from the other side or drill through the center from this side. You don't need to drill the full diameter for a stable fastener. I would start with a 1/4" hole and go from there up in size if needed. Use a smaller starter drill. You might even be successful in taping threads in it so use a 13/64" drill and try taping it 1/4-20.
Some will automatically do that up to five minutes. It's a feature that saves time. I'm all about using as few clicks as possible whether it is the computer or microwave. I use the microwave many times per day cooking anything from eggs to sweet potatoes. I will use a time like 1444 for 14:44. Over time I know about what I need. For example 777 is really 8 minutes and 17 seconds in microwave language using modular arithmetic.
