I came here to talk about the Patriot but OP already mentioned it. there was just about nothing accurate on the movie. The main character doesnt even exist and is created from two real people. On top of this the climactic battle (i think Cowpens) wasnt even that important to the overall war...
Oh i forgot about the 13th warrior. its a movie about a middle eastern prince who goes to Scandinavia and ends up joining a group of vikings who go on a journey to liberate/save another group of Scandinavians. He cant speak their language but slowly learn it over months of listening. eventually he crafts his own sword and is accepted by the vikings and pretty much becomes one of them by them end. Edit: fixed spelling
the crystal itself creates the power, it is held by a containment field in the saber i believe there is an actuater that activates the crystals energy, like light on a photograph type chemical reactions. i dont remember but i read somewhere about it, its just been years.
pretty much during that period. However during the conquest of christianity, especially spreading to english isles and such it was really just one of those "hey they worship something other than christ. Lets kill some of them, persecute the others and eventually theyll be scared and join us" If you really look into how we got the current visuals of the Devil it is actually based on and very similar to a Celtic deity who was pretty much the personification of nature to the Celts.
Austria, Australia, Argentina
if it were highschool i would have a bunch but university not so much
only 2 people on the show are from New Jersey, but pretty much everybody i know hates new jersey...
American here. You hold the fork the left hand especially when using it to hold food when cutting with a knife. Although, when i travel outside my state i sometimes get weird looks for it.
fair enough, i actually enjoyed it for what it was, just the blending of history and fairytale kind of bugged me.
tumblr
Music. whenever im not thinking about something i have some sort of music in my head, usually symphonies and such but thats my favorite kind of music
Captain Hook in the original story was trying to save the kids when they got too old because Peter Pan would kill them because they werent kids.
upvote because you beat me to it.
Yoda's birthday. he's been around for 800 years (by the prequels) he's been the head of the council for how man of those?
yeah in the original story Peter Pan was actually the bad guy. (the stories all had a twist or horror of some sort, like Cinderella had the two sister cutting their feet to fit the glass shoe) Captain Hook was just trying to save kids before they were killed.
1812 Overture, finale. Cannons galore. I considered Always Look on the Bright Side of Life, but that would be more leaving the battle (sorry for no link cant post it atm)
I picked a fight with my brother who is 5 years older, because he got me in trouble. Long story short i almost got stabbed...
Peter Pan is actually the bad guy. Captain Hook is just trying to save the kids Peter kidnapped, because when they get too old, Peter takes them into the forest and kills them.
Being stabbed with a spoon. It has to penetrate 2 inches into me.
Hot chocolate and Mcgriddle sandwiches breakfast is on me, forever.
if I read this 4 hours from now, that would be me.
hey can i get my bass amp repaired?
this is like the 5th thread ive done this on but Captain Hook is actually the goodguy in the original Peter Pan story. Captain Hook was just trying to save kids from Peter Pan who would kill his kidnapped kids when they grew too old.
i just made a similar comment.
nah, its a thing my band friends and i do, see other reply, i honestly could care less about my Karma I'm on reddit for laughs during school.
Personal favorite my friend came up with: I want you backing: Michael asks a girl to sing backup for him.
i bet getting all of them at once would be pretty difficult
I thought about replying with something about amnesia, but i forgot what i was gonna say
O
this is very common, as many southern roads are placed on old paths between farms and such, as infrastructure wasnt need for straight roads, as many farms were self sufficient for the most part. I should also mention that Vehicles are prepped for cold weather in the north, school buses get special prep for super cold weather.
TLDR: video can be used if mentioned by anyone, or taken from a security camera If the video were taken by, say a security camera on a neighbor's house, the Police can ask for that film, or even take that, and it WOULD hold up in court. Also, if any person were to mention a video during court proceedings, the court would ask for it, and at that point even if taken wrongly, would hold up because of a court mandate.
If my memory serves correctly, Herman was the second big one after GHG, who was popular in the 1910's and early 20's, Herman became Green's "rival" (even though they really never crossed paths) in the late 20's and 30's. Where Green focused and played more xylo stuff, especially rags; Herman was the first American 4 mallet marimba soloist, and he played all kinds of pieces, particularly versions of classical music, and piano music set for Marimba solo over either an orchestra or piano accompaniment. (source: my private lesson teacher who specializes in early percussion)
Drum corps method, that i apply even for concert applications: Play 2 mallet runs/pieces while holding 4 mallets, and dont let the outers touch the board, builds hand strength and keeps outers from messing up a piece
i believe they meant non-standard design, rattan mallets bend over time due to moisture and general use
...ok... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"Harry Potter, the boy who lived, come to die" entire plot of the movie...
*A man chooses a slave obeys...*
the site itself isnt, a major group of the users are however, as the site was founded and is based in a strong left leaning area.
whats the first name of the main dude from that Hamilton musical?
How many percussionist does it take to change a lightbulb? 1 to do and then repair and tune everything else while the rest dick around....
more as in going away from A=440, thats what i thought they mean, however im not sure.
thanks, that really makes sense as the ones i was looking at had marimbas with low pitch more often, for a richer sound.
Avengers Wars: A New Hope Basically Civil War but in space, and maybe they will reconcile
I wonder if OP has ever driven on an Ohio highway... Way more potholes there than on the side roads.
I-75 north of Cinci has been under constant construction since the 70's... and still has hundreds of potholes
i believe the specifications for the new Gerald Ford class' rectors was around 300 MW although i may be wrong.
fair enough on the TMI, i completely agree with naval reactors being safer on a number of points
construction season hasnt ended since my mother was in high school
The real problem is that even Americans dont know, The media, all of them rarely tell the whole truth. Almost every "poll" they give, has been manipulated, or given to certain people to give the answers the media wants... (source: uncle works for a major media source, and covers political issues/gives "polls")
TLDR: CS is easier to work with for competitions and is built for precision whereas CoD is built for speed. CS has been around longer, and is built for team tactical co-op play(ie: slow, precise) that has real world stats built in, and places more emphasis on being precise and attacking first. CS is built for PC and therefore is easier to set up for a major competition. CoD is built for individual play with fast rounds and easy to use weapons. It places emphasis on speed of rounds and of players, and uses easy to use weapons, that dont take as much skill or practice to use effectively. This takes the precision away from gameplay by allowing someone who is attacked to turn on, and kill an attacker much more easily than in CS. CoD is developed with consoles in mind more than computers and with that, is more difficult to set up for a major competition.
