He had two pro bowl years in Denver.
Barwin, Matthews, Cox, Peters are some names I'm thinking about right now.
Happen to have any VODS of you playing it? It's fun but it's not working for me when I try it. Feel like I'm missing some nuances. (I am bad, that is a large part of why.)
We should trade him considering how stacked we are at the position. We will get at least 2 firsts considering his incredible blocking.
They are basically pet dairy goats, they aren't being raised for meat.
iPhone 5s.
He's still learning to talk so it's a little early for that. I'm a vegetarian personally but his Mom (who took the photo) and Dad are not. They do eat vegetarian meals occasionally. His parents are animal lovers and he has been around animals since he was born. Multiple pets in the house, Mom took him to the barn to meet her horse, loves looking at my fish tank. So I doubt he will end up a vegetarian but he will definitely have a healthy respect for animals. The goats there are basically pet dairy goats. They aren't being raised for meat.
No, it's not, retard.
Good stuff, and thanks for your link to your previous post. You should start a blog.
No.
3 NFL championships, including the only playoff victory over the guy the Super Bowl trophy is named after. That's reality. But even if the idea that the Eagles are without a championship was not ahistorical idiocy, hanging your hat on that idea for a podcast name is something a Cowboys fan would do, not an Eagles fan. But hey, do it if you think being proudly ignorant about the history of the team you are talking about is going to get you listeners. I think this thread is pretty good evidence it's not the best strategery, but keep fucking that chicken if it's what floats your boat.
Don't sleep on Hollywood Huff either.
"Regional" brewer is probably the best description for Yuengling, not craft but not InBev either.
It's not like it's totally undeserved, ya know.
Meanwhile, Jason Peters, better player...is in the building for voluntary workouts.
Well duh, I just said that.
That is an extremely lucrative career for an NFL guard. The reason he didn't make more over that time is that he sucked ass until he got to the Eagles. And even now, he is seriously overrated by a lot of observers. There was basically zero impact when he was injured last year. He is overpaid for a guard. He's whining and holding out over his contract. He's old. His response to his coach saying he couldn't get a trade offer for him was to tell his boss "Deez" (Nutz) on Twitter. Why the hell would anybody keep him around for a contract THAT NOT A SINGLE TEAM IN THE ENTIRE LEAGUE would take on for even a 7th round pick? &gt;Mathis played in nine games: the season opener, when Nick Foles was the starting quarterback, and the eight games that Mark Sanchez started. Over the seven games that Mathis missed, the Eagles averaged 122 rushing yards a game. Over the nine games he played, they averaged 127. The difference was negligible. &gt;It wasn't when it came to protecting Foles or Sanchez. Foles threw 311 passes last season, Sanchez 309. But Foles, who started seven games without Mathis, was sacked on just 2.8 percent of his pass attempts. Sanchez, who didn't start a game without Mathis, was sacked 6.9 percent of the time. That's 21/2 times more frequently than Foles. You can say that disparity was based largely on Sanchez's tendency to hold the ball, or Foles' to get rid of it. What you can't say is that Mathis made the Eagles' pass protection, or their run-blocking, significantly better last season. Chip Kelly definitely wouldn't, and as everyone learned again Thursday, his is the only opinion that counts. http://www.philly.com/philly/sports/eagles/20150612_Kelly_dismisses_another_star_who_wouldn_t_buy_in.html#vj60qo5O0qUlQCfV.99
You say that. **Every single GM in the NFL says no** if the cost is even a 7th round pick, and one team even if they don't have to give up a 7. They had two years to get him. Not a single GM in the entire NFL did it. Guards are not a hot commodity you break the bank for, they are easy to replace. I just gave you the stats for his missed time, the downgrade from a "top 5" guard to his backup was basically non-existent.
A second job to pay the bills? Lol.
Yes but he actually deserved to. As you can tell by the fact that a team later traded for him for a first round pick and more and then later gave him the big money he wanted. This was because he was an elite player at an elite position in his prime, not an over the hill guard who not a single GM in the NFL would give up a 7th round pick for with his overpriced contract.
So did Mathis!
According to some website, not NFL general managers. And again, at an easily replaceable position and old.
No, the racist Washington team. Being the last team to integrate, and then only under threat from the federal government...leads to a lot of old school fans in the South.
Over two years.
The Summer Wheat is priced higher than other Yuengling products. I'm a huge fan of it.
Heh, I would love to see an explanation like this article did for Philly of why Ocean City water tastes like it does. For a place without booze, you would think they would make the water taste good at least.
Bookmark it CC, you know they will be eating these words pretty soon.
It started out weird as hell, but once we get to the point where the player himself has declared himself a CC fan...we have transcended all that. This is the offseason of CC. Embrace it. It's fun.
You can't really go wrong with any team aside from the Washington, DC team. (Because of the racist name obviously and also the shitbag owner, you don't want to be a part of that.) Eagles would be a good choice. Tons of history, the team was named after a New Deal program to help get people back to work during the Great Depression. It's the city where America was founded, so why not make it your team for American football? The team has had a lot of success in recent times so you aren't jumping on with a loser but they haven't won a championship since 1960 so you can't really be accused of jumping on a bandwagon. The team also has an innovating, fun coach and is always entertaining to watch, win or lose. If you are a big Reddit user, you might want to check out some of the various subs for teams you are interested in. You might find a group of people you connect with, and really having fun with fellow fans is the most awesome thing about following a team. One neat thing that recently happened on the Eagles sub is that a redditor who has made it his mission to post every article he can find about our second year receiver Josh Huff because he is a big fan was rewarded with Josh Huff himself [returning the favor.](https://www.reddit.com/r/eagles/comments/3a2dn4/ucc2560_destined_for_breakout_season_on_reagles/) We have also had players like Evan Mathis (now former player) comment on the sub from time to time. The team and Reddit seem to have a pretty good relationship. Also, [our long snapper is a magician.](http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=8677690)
The Father, Mother, Warrior, Maiden, Smith, Crone, and Stranger.
Sure, much like the invasion of Iraq was all about defending America from Saddam's WMDs.
To quote Alexander H. Stephens, Vice President of the Confederate States of America: "Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition."
DeSean got a penalty for his [Nestea plunge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPAOx85dhpk) because "going to the ground" is a penalty. It's completely idiotic.
Yeah, I wish the beer prices were lower so I could just get hammered so I wouldn't care. :P
I do plenty of flagging of people coming from all perspectives and am generally satisfied with the results. But I do feel like flagging may be something the site problems are centered around. When Matt was burning out I had comments deleted a few times and when I asked why it became pretty clear is was just flag based, which I had never seen as the case before. Usually there is a judgement call. I think there is just so much being flagged now that they are getting overwhelmed. I really don't like having this conversation about the wider site issues in terms of a thread about concerns from trans people. I think transphobia validly deserves extremely strict moderation even for borderline stuff, I just don't want to see that level of moderation on every subject. The thread about joking about religion that is going on now is where I think it is more clear the demands that are going to be placed on the mods just can't be met. Some of the demands are ridiculously oversensitive and nobody will be happy with the result.
Yup, as I said I'm gonna keep my eye out for neat stuff.
I text them "thx." It's much less formal than saying the whole word.
Yup, but if it was a criminal they would be treated like they killed a human cop.
Early Simpsons was a bit more challenging to the social norms of the time. It's hard to remember but it used to be a very controversial show. A working class, dysfunctional family in some ways left behind by the American Dream as a reaction to more perfect sitcom families of the time. Lisa was intellectually and emotionally suffocated and Bart was a complete failure in school. Homer was basically a dumb brute and Marge was so unhappy she seriously considered cheating on him. I don't think BB really does any of that sort of thing, but I also think maybe it just doesn't need to be done as much compared to when the Simpsons were new. Society has changed for the better in a lot of ways.
You can use just about any marinade you like the taste of. A balsamic vinaigrette is nice or just something store bought. There a thousand varieties of BBQ sauce out there. When I was at the store last week I bought some sort of Sriacha marinade sauce, a sweet Carolina mustard sauce, and some buffalo wing sauce. Gonna use it all for tofu. You could probably toss some crispy tofu in with any pasta dishes you do. Sandwiches or tex-mex type things like Burritos are an option too. It's a pretty versatile ingredient, it may be better to think of any recipes you like and then imagining how you can add in tofu. It has such a neutral taste on it's own you can do it with a lot of things.
Yeah. It works great paired with the MacFarlane shows because, as much as I love them, there isn't a lot of heart there. The contrast really highlights what BB does so right.
[Routine medical emergency.](http://www.independent.co.uk/travel/news-and-advice/kuwaitbound-plane-diverts-to-uk-after-declaring-state-of-emergency-10349688.html) "A spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said: "It was a routine diversion for a medical emergency." It had been due to land in Kuwait City at 9.25pm (BST) tonight. The ill passenger was taken off the plane and is being treated, a spokesperson for Heathrow Airport said. The flight is expected to continue its journey later today."
We can find creative ways to make punters suffer without touching them. Ask Matt Dodge.
Nasty Nate!
Make yourself a whiskey sour before you start!
And fewer turnovers! Kempski seems to blame fast pace, but turnovers are really what put Davis in an impossible spot even if he could fix the burnt toast issues.
Why not just bring back the guy who arranged the other side of that trade?
Andy had almost two decades of coaching experience at the time. Duce has only been a coach since 2011. Duce has more dues to pay before he is ready.
Forgot a period there, sport.
So you wouldn't hire Belichick if he was available?
