Manteca, bigotes, gigante, pequeño, la cabeza es nieve, cerveza es bueno.
Thats not fair, almost everyone says "us" when referring to their team.
IS THAT A WATER JOKE OR A HYGIENE JOKE? BECAUSE EITHER WAY FUCK YOU BRO
JOKES ON YOU. I'M SO USED TO SEEING THE DODGERS LOSE TO THE CARDS IT DOESN'T MAKE ME SAD ANYMORE .
NO YOU HAD IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME
I don't think winning one for Cleveland would really mean that much to people outside of Cleveland. I mean the reason why it's seen as special to a national audience is because the city has had such a long drought, but if they won, the legend of the curse would dissappear and people would go to treating Cleveland like any other sports city. I'm sure he would instantly be hailed as the greatest Cleveland athlete ever, but in regards to pretty much anyone else it would just be another championship a year or so after it happens.
Yeah I agree. Callapso is straight garbage and should be DFAed as soon as possible. I don't even see the sense in giving him At-bats when we have Guerrero who can play 3rd and has been a fantastic hitter so far this season. I feel so bad for our pitchers when they go and see that this is the kind of lineup that is supposed to help them.
This is all Mattingly. For some reason the FO blindly trusts him.
Thats true but he continues to play them over better players though. No roster is gonna be perfect, it's how mangers utilize the best players they are given that determines how successful they are. Unfortunately, Mattingly is pretty bad at that.
Well his worst games against you guys came in the playoffs on national TV when everyone was watching. And that's probably the only time many people have seen Kershaw pitch against the Cards, so they base their opinions around that.
His sample size in the postseason is small enough where it's fair to assume there are some anomalies. I feel given more opportunities in the playoffs his overall stats will start to even out and go more towards his normal numbers.
I just looked and he actually had 2 really bad games in the playoffs against you guys, I completely forgot he gave 8 runs in the first game of the NLDS last year. So I stand corrected haha
He said he hated how he demanded to be paid like a top end WR when he didn't show up in big games, not that he got 16 TDs in the regular season. You can hate a player who produces good.
That's fair, I'm not saying Brees is the undisputed best playoff QB. I just feel he gets a bad rap in the playoffs usually because of how unsuccessful we've been outside of 2009, when it's really our defense that's let us down.
definitely agree Romo is a much better QB now, and he's playing at an elite level that he certainly wasn't at before. If we didn't have Brees I would love to have Romo.
Well he's an Angels fan so I'm sure he'll miss Rodney's blown saves haha
The Bashtros have arrived
All you need to know is: 1.Fuck the Giants and 2. Fuck the Cardinals
Ok......http://i.imgur.com/wF5GwnA.gifv
Well the Bullpen has been a lot worse recently, so our BP ERA is gonna keep climbing if the trend continues.
&gt;Trout is gonna look good in a Yankee uniform in 15 years. FTFY
Yeah that's true haha
Because one Dodger fans rankings represent all of us haha
Brees was never on the block, those reports had no real evidence except that "Graham got traded so maybe Brees could too". We have no one who could play at even 1/10 the level of Brees so it wouldn't make any sense to trade him. People just wanted clicks so they made articles about it.
I find it so funny and enjoyable that I can't even be mad about it
I agree. If they would have won the NCG I think many people would have considered them a top 5 all-time team. Their schedule was absolutely ridiculous and they crushed every team they played except Bama.
I hope Joc is part of it too
I think Vogelsong will get kicked out of the rotation over Heston. The kid has been awesome this season while Vogelsong has been medicore
I respond to a comment. Again.
You succeed at karma whoring. Again.
Damn I really love that show, I should go watch it. Again.
So I graduated yesterday, and I just looked at my yearbook with all the signatures in it this morning. This girl I used to be super close to and who I was bascially in love with during my sophomore year, wrote that she had a big crush on ME sophomore year. I don't really know how I feel about that haha
Stanton won't even be a FA by 2020. I don't know how they figure on getting him.
I hope you are being sarcastic haha
Cashner or Ross for the last pitching spot maybe?
Saints legend Kevin Williams
Yeah the D-Back have actually won a world series this century, unlike some teams.........
Yeah that wasn't Donnie's fault at all, he did all the right things IMO
That sounds completely fair Lol
http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/f.gif
The Jocpocalapse is upon us
SD just had a blackout
Yeah I'd rather have Harper or Frasier if I got to pick.
This is fucking hilarious and awesome at the same time
Yeah but Cano has been one of the best players in the game for a long time. I wouldn't veto the trade since it's a little understandable given the way the two are playing, but I think Cano's ceiling and floor are way better than Panik's.
The trade is ok, but I'm just saying it's a little early to say Cano is done. When he is on a hot streak he is 10x better than Panik. I think Panik's avg. will be good for the rest of the year but his power looks a little flukey.
True, but this is a huge step in the right direction. I am very happy that this was the decision that the court came to.
I hear George's answering machine song everytime I see that gif. https://youtu.be/yg-TqEFYcfM
So your saying he's better than Jordan?
This pretty much sums up what most people think hacking is
