He was a great servant to Liverpool. He did slump in recent years but that happens to ageing players and anyways it's not like Liverpool were doing well in that period either. The abuse he gets is insane, I don't get it, a good player who got on with it, never complained or went to the media and he was never in the media for a negative reason!
I need to hear the sound!
*Drowning in comments calling him a pussy
Thats it, now to find out what the hell its called!
I apologize, normally I couldn't link it because it's an app on your phone but luckily someone uploaded it to youtube so [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bssFYCaGytA&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m28s)
Thank you sir!
What is it with all US city skylines that make them so beautiful?
I was born in 1995, I would have loved to live through the 80's. Just for the music alone, absolutely sensational, I bet!
Let's get Ings done too, so we can move on to better targets!
The comment "A future single mom" made me laugh way more than it should have
Great, love being able to go to a game!
Sure have, I attended the UCF Penn State game last summer!
That's fucking insane...
Imagine an emergency vehicle trying to get through this...
I'll miss those legs...
So much intent in it, I genuinely thought he threw the ball until I saw him turn back and run with it
The off season is in full effect!
He has lost a lot of weight since that was taken!
Lose the border, first one for sure!
As if we need more shitty press
Why is it that so many famous people are morons?
Pissed of TFB in the Cincinnati game was awesome, that game for me was a real statement of intent from New England!
For such a big dude, he has impressive quickness and mobility!
Some are, some aren't, lads on international duty but none of then would be in Liverpool, I would imagine!
Basically saying "we came joint 3rd in the league last year"
When he breaks the final tackle, I lost my mind, incredible effort and determination from Incredelman!
So much pressure on those knee joints!
He hits Lockette so hard, way to compete to get there and make the interception!
Nasty fall on the punters shoulder
Our sidebar bet with /r/colts?
Catholic schools!
Especially when Lynch reached the half yard line, I'm ashamed to admit, in that moment, I thought it was game.
Be on look out
It's actually insane how quick the whole site can just implode in a few days.
Need to change those background colors!
Absolutely nothing to hate about the afters either..... ayyy
Take it and run!
Oh come on, it's hard not to love Jules!
He's just a lad enjoying his off season, this happens to lots of people on holiday. It's just because he's Jack Grealish that makes this a big deal, stupid!
Having two wealthy clubs fight over him can only be good, more money for LFC!
Don't be silly, Ogre 2 didn't enter the game!
Glad they turned up, two guys who played hard for New England. Deserved their rings and deserved to celebrate with the greatest owner in sports!
Calling us fuckers isn't helping you out here
I'd love to hear Stevie's genuine, honest opinion on the state of LFC at the moment. All this praise about the club and its players recently has me skeptical!
£10m scares me, correct me if I'm wrong (don't know much about the kid) but that figure seems insane!
Some of the highest posts on here include the words "don't upvote"
Chi town is beautiful!
Maybe he's hinting about Gerrard in his prime, a box to box role, like the new Schweinsteiger, hopefully!
Is there a concert on in that park?
I'd have to agree!
