I'm going to show this to my guitar students. "Better practice hard or you'll be replaced by Lego robots."
I used to have insomnia - and still do some nights. These are some of the things that worked for me: * Brush teeth and change into pajamas at least an hour before going to bed. Some people learn to associate brushing teeth with waking up in the mornings, and feel more alert afterwards. * Make a quick list of things to do the next day. Make sure there's a pad and pen beside the bed. * Always have at least two alarm options - phone, watch, alarm clock etc. Some people worry about sleeping in so much that they can't sleep. * Phase in sleep. Don't shut off the TV and expect to fall asleep right away, you can't do it. Transition into quiet. TV off at least half an hour before bed. If you read, all other lights should be off. Get a reading light dimmer, and about 15 minutes go to a lower setting. Your eyes will strain a little harder and will want to close. * Give yourself some time after the lights are out to think about things. I like to think about snowboarding through powder or riding my bike through a forest. I don't think about my day, about work, about tomorrow, or anything that can get me riled up. That's my time. * I don't worry about closing my eyes. If I'm relaxed, they'll close on their own. * If I can't fall asleep I try to figure out why. Is there something I need to write down? Is there a noise I'm not used to? A light that's distracting me? Do I have to pee? Even something small, like the fact that my pajamas are twisted, will keep me up. Like I said, these things work for me. I hope they can work for you.
You can probably sleep on planes, trains and automobiles too, you bastard!
I actually think it's brilliant in a meta art sense. There's always a larger commentary being made in an art project this big, and the fact that these images were effectively stolen is part of that message. There's the whole "living in public" social media angle, the voyeurism angle, the "authentic private moment made public" angle, the copyright angle, the question of whether we own anything in the Internet age including our own image, as well the beauty of taking something transitory and almost meaningless like an Instagram post and turning into a lasting work of art. I'd really like to hear from the artist. I'd also like it if the artist, his point made, gave half the money to the original owners of the photos.
Yep. Should have replaced Jon. I have no idea who the new guys is, but John Oliver was a perfect choice.
If only America went after wall street criminals with as much vigor as they go after steroid users in baseball, refs who rig NBA games, corrupt European soccer officials, NCAA football championship designations, etc.
My Dark Souls Dream: When you complete the game the first time, you get to enter the bodies of NPCs in the game - random undead and creatures. You can't go out of a given area, but can attack other players as they come through the area. If you complete the second time, you get to come back as a lesser boss. If you complete the game a third time, you get to come back as a bigger boss. Eventually you can play as any character, earning the souls you steal and adding them to your own.
Shitty spelling aside, what is it with Americans - especially the right, but not entirely - vilifying the politicans they disagree with to such idiotic extremes. Obama is Hitler. Obama is a secret radical Muslim. Obama is coming for your guns! Obama is a socialist. Obama is bringing in Sharia law in the U.S. Obama is a traitor. Obama is a dictator. Obama is Illuminati. Obama is a lizard. Obama is the Antchrist. It's natural to dislike politicans from parties you don't support, but I can't think of any democracies where dislike amps up into such intense, polarized, unreasoning, unrepetent hatred! You don't like a politician, you vote them out. It's not some some endless battle of good vs. evil where the soul of a nation is at stake, it's a four year term at the head of a massive bureaucracy with a ridiculous number of checks and balances, followed by another four year term.
Thanks for that!
MK8 wasn't available for download yet, while MK7 and Super Mario 3D were the same price.
People can technically live anywhere if they choose, they're obviously choosing to go elsewhere. A better question would be whether families are willing to live in cramped apartments and condos that are ridiculously overpriced, while earning wages that are lower than in many other cities. The answer, according to the decline in households with children, is no. They can afford some kind of life, but it's not the life they want.
Agreed on the LPC getting killed again, although you'd think they'd have learned something by now. I would not make it a full merger, I would only make it a temporary coalition with a handful of goals - including bringing in proportional representation or ranked ballots and conditions for calling the next election.
A lot is going to happen before the next election, especially when the Liberals and NDP start savaging each other. Remember, the CPC also polled low for a while before rebounding the last time around, then they did better than expected on election night as the usual suspects turned out and the usual slackers stayed home. The NDP/Lib split vote, the result of Jack Layton's popularity, also handed the Cons about 34 seats and the majority if memory serves. As the below polls show, the Cons are still the most popular party overall, with the Libs and NDP more or less tied for second. http://www.threehundredeight.com/ These riding by riding polls suggest that the Cons will win a minority government at the least, with a lot of split votes. http://www.threehundredeight.com/p/canada.html The only thing that can stop a Harper minority - and possible majority - is to form a coalition before the election. If parties form a coalition after the election, which is an option, there are going to be a lot of unhappy people on all sides. EDIT: What I meant by "unhappy" is that a lot of people are going to consider the coalition government illegitimate - including everyone who voted CPC, and LPC/NDP diehards who won't compromise.
Always the brother who gets laser sliced into cubes.
You'll be thinking differently on the eve of the election when the CPC is sitting at over 35% and the returns start coming in. I'm not saying this should be a permanent coalition of the centre-left, but a temporary measure with one purpose - to bring in proportional representation and end this situation where less than 40% of voters are choosing our government.
At my daughter's elementary school, the boys are extremely active and the girls are driven off the field. Technically they can play, but they don't want to - the boys are assholes to each other and to the girls. There needs to be some kind of organized recreation during recess, and the field should be divided in two for boys and girls.
In my school district it's up to the teachers until Grade 8. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. It was also the case in my niece's school district which was in the GVA. Are you serious? Are you mad at everything all the time, or just when you read things on Reddit?
What's Jay-Z saying about this?
What's with that beard? It's like he's hiding something.
Seems weak and does nothing to address organized crime or raise taxes for education and health care. This is the only issue where the LPC have the lead. If legalization is inevitable, the same way gay marriage was inevitable, then stop dragging feet.
I'm not saying do it tomorrow, but have a plan to phase it in. If the election is November, then shoot for September 2016. It's not like we don't have a template - both Colorado and Washington State did it, and in less than a year.
PR win? They could have done this a few years ago when the issue came up.
We're still too far out for the polls to matter, and the Cons always make a strong comeback in the last month. Plus, their followers actually do come out to vote, while the natural constituency for the left - students, young people, immigrants, urbanites - stays home. 4 out of 10 people don't seem to give enough of a shit about anything to take an hour out of one day every four or five years.
Mexico also gives these companies massive incentives to build factories - hundreds of millions in cash (not loans), plus a favourable tax rate.
That was a protectionist move of sorts - VW is going to continue to buy parts made in Canada. I actually know a tool and die maker who makes parts for VW, so it's nice to know his job is being protected. Still, I'm sicking of Canada fighting for scraps. When you compare Canada to any of the Scandinavian countries or a juggernaut like South Korea, we don't have a lot going on when it comes to building world class manufacturing and technology companies. We seem content to sell off our resources with adding value by processing them into usable, finished products.
You're getting the Cup back. Four first overall picks in six years will see to that.
I actually hope I'm wrong, and McDavid isn't that great. I'm so pissed off at the draft - one team gets four first overall picks in six years, while Toronto has had exactly one first overall pick in the entire 52 year history of the draft - Wendel Clark. I really think they should rotate things to make it somewhat fair, or do a completely random lottery. Teams have a better chance of going from worst to first than they do of rising from the middle of the pack.
I really think that most people are naturally polarized to consider two choices at a time - this or that, in or out, on or off, do or don't. When it comes to politics, they want a simple choice - and luckily the LPC is making it simple to vote for one or the other. No nuance or equivocation, which is all the LPC seems to offer these days.
I'm more referring to things like health care, education subsidies, the social safety net for workers and seniors, etc., which all parties support to a certain degree. However, I'd suggest the NDP platform (past and the things Mulcair has said) is a little stronger on those things than the other parties.
Mulcair: I will vote against C-51 and repeal it if elected. Trudeau: I will vote for C-51 and will repeal parts of it if elected. Mulcair: I will bring in proportional representation. Trudeau: I will create a committee to discuss the possibility of changing to an alternative of first past the post. Is it any wonder the LPC is getting creamed in the polls? Do Trudeau and the LPC believe strongly in anything?
Just curious, but why would you saw Obamacare has turned into a disaster? Most of what I've read suggests that while it started out as a disaster, it's actually been quite successful - more people are insured, medical costs are rising more slowly, people aren't being denied coverage, etc. - and getting more successful as time goes on. It's not a universal or single payer health care system like every single other country in the OECD offer its citizens, but surely it's better than the past?
I'm not saying he hasn't done anything, just that he hasn't done or said anything of consequence that has had any effect on the polls. The voters want some red meat and he's giving them broccoli.
I know a lot of people that have been severely misdiagnosed over the years, one of them fatally. One person, a father of a six-month old, broke his back at work. There was no spinal cord damage, but he was going to be sidelined for about eight weeks. Then he started feeling ill, and intense back pain - more a week after the injury than immediately afterwards. He went back and was told the pain and sickness was normal, stay off his feet, blah blah. Then it started to hurt more. He went back and was told the same thing. Then he started feeling really bad, went back and guess what - his organs, injured in the same accident, were infected. They rushed him to the hospital, but it was too late - he died. If they had taken his temperature, poked and prodded around his back to find the source of the pain, taken a blood test, or considered the fact that he could have injured organs in the same accident, he'd be alive and well today. That's just one person. I know siblings that were both misdiagnosed - her with a broken vertebrae, the brother with a belly button thing that was horribly infected and could have killed him. They sent another guy I know in for surgery on a broken wrist, but luckily he decided to get a second opinion on the way to the hospital (it was feeling much better), and was told he would be fine in four weeks. This is just the tip of the iceberg - if I include my father in law's misdiagnosis (he actually picked up a parasite while travelling), my friend's mole ("it's fine" to "it's cancer" in a week), and other issues, then I know dozens of people that have been misdiagnosed or mistreated. And they wonder why people Google things...
Actually got busy when writing and thought I abandoned it...
Fictional quasi-sport - Quidditch is the dumbest game ever conceived. 150 points for catching the snitch, "the team almost always wins"? Why not have a 50-point shot in basketball, or a 30-point kick in football. JK Rowling is a great writer, but not much of a sports fan.
Given the birth rate, and especially teen birth rate, on reserves, it's fair to say that we're letting down one of our most vulnerable populations when it comes to reproductive health. Are we making it too hard to get condoms? Are we not teaching sexual health at a young enough age? Are we not making the knowledge and resources available? Are we letting religious leaders who don't believe in contraception call the shots? (For the record, the current pope is actually on record advocating for smaller families, but still won't approve of contraception.) Seems like an easy issue to fix with education and an investment in health care.
I honestly don't think our licensing program for trophy hunters takes into account other things that can impact wildlife populations - food scarcities, accidents, poaching, etc. All it takes is a bad couple of salmon runs, a few poachers and a couple of trucks at the wrong time and suddenly we go from a "healthy population" to an endangered one in a given area. I understand that these hunts do raise money for conservation, but I find that a little offensive - we really can't find money to preserve something rare and beautiful unless we allow people to hunt a few of them?
Soccer is one sport where statistics make the winners fairly easy to predict most of the time, but anything can happen - home crowds will help, and might influence a few refs as well. Whether they can upset three games in a row is left to be seen, but I'm hopeful!
Somewhere a gopher is running for his life while "I'm Alright" by Kenny Loggins blasts in the background.
Meanwhile you can't have a flat surface of brick or concrete anywhere in Canada that doesn't get tagged by young shitheels who confuse their elegant squiggles with artistry, and this guy's portrait is just sitting there, begging to be vandalized. If government won't force its removal, somebody needs to do something.
I'm more speaking in terms of cultural use of First Nations symbols and culture than an actual political change. Obviously some things are a little more difficult here - lack of treaties, the fact that there are so many different First Nations languages, etc. - but celebrating First Nations in a symbolic way will have a huge impact on the way they're viewed and view themselves on the national stage. The hakka at rugby games has nothing to do with treaties and everything to do with pride. I'd like to honour our own First Nations the same way.
And a combination payday loan, pawn shop and gun store.
His jaw is too fucked up to bite any bullets...
Don't forget strata - a lot of people are encouraging millennials to get into the condo market for their starter homes, and I don't think people realize how much strata is really going to cost. It always starts too low, and increases over time - our strata fees have doubled at my place in less than 10 years, partly because of a new law that requires us to account for depreciation of common assets. It's a good law, but now we're paying about 35% of our housing costs to strata for very little service - some snow clearing, landscaping and insurance. Edit: When I mean it starts too low, I'm talking about new projects. Typically the costs are low, but increase over time to reflect the actual costs. Whether this is a deliberate way to make the units more appealing to the first buyers, I have no idea.
In B.C., strata fees cover both maintenance costs and fixed costs. Previous to last year, you didn't have to include the full cost of depreciating assets like a roof or common space, but that's now part of the reason my fees have doubled since 2006. For a 1,400 square foot townhouse in a complex with about 90 other townhouses, we're paying about $3,500 a year in strata (just under $300/month) - that covers garbage removal, snow clearing, landscaping, electricity costs for street lighting, irrigation, and the maintenance of the grounds and common space - although we have had to pay surcharges for things like painting in the past because we didn't have enough saved up to cover those costs. That's over a full month of after tax salary for me, which is a huge chunk of money when you factor in the cost of the mortgage, ($11,000), groceries, child care, car insurance, house insurance, utilities, etc. Luckily we're a two income family, or we wouldn't be able to afford even our modest house. We haven't saved a dime for our retirement since our daughter was born, and we can't afford to go away. Even worse, our strata costs seem to be increasing every year at a rate that's well above inflation, while our wages are pretty much stagnant. It's becoming a massive burden. My advice for homeowners is to either avoid buying anywhere that has a strata, or to get involved in the strata to protect your investment and prevent other people with more money than you have from signing onto projects you don't need or want. Even then, there's little you can do - there's one company that does garbage removal in my town, we do get snow, insurance costs are increasing, the buildings are aging; it's not like strata is burning money, and they do try to get competitive bids on everything.
The problem is that the stock market, and the need to post quarterly profits, forces short-term thinking on companies that might otherwise take the long view. They need more revenues, and they need them now to keep shareholders happy - and ensure their own share holdings keep their value. However, I think an honest announcement - "the media landscape has changed drastically, and it's clear that we can't go back... this is what we're doing to move forward" - would go better than they expect, and prevent shareholders from jumping ship.
Still, Google Fiber could have started in New York, LA or Chicago where there's enough population density to justify the investment, but instead I think they chose Kansas. If they can make a go of it in smaller markets, then I imagine Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal should be relatively easy.
Attack ads are nothing new, but the idea of creating arm's length third-party organizations to raise money is new.
Hopefully Mulcair's advisors have a plan in place to keep the numbers high. July - "After studying the U.S. experience, the NDP is in favour of the regulation and legalization of marijuana, with an emphasis on harm reduction and making it harder for vulnerable teens to get. Prohibition has not worked." Instant bump in the polls. August - "If elected, one our priorities would be to create a national Pharmacare program, reducing drug costs for patients and taxpayers." Seniors and people caring for seniors will ditch the CPC and Liberal Party. September - "We will form a national working group to review our participation in various trade agreements, such as the TPP - the details of which we will make public. Trade agreements must be mutually beneficial and fair, and right now it's not a level playing field for Canada." October - "Youth unemployment is too high in this country, and wages are too low for young people starting out in life. Meanwhile the TFW program has displaced young workers from starter jobs, and needs to be greatly reduced or scrapped completely. You need experience to get a good job, and we have to start providing young high school students, university students and grads with experience, as well as access to training and funds that would encourage entrepreneurship. We will initiate an employment program that encourages the hiring of youth by private agencies, as well as other programs that employ these youth directly." Boom, elected.
And, by benefiting the wealthy, it also robs the federal government of billions in taxes, which has two outcomes - the rest of us pay more taxes to effectively subsidize a tax break for the rich, or our country slashes programs that help lower incomes while sinking further into debt. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Nobody asked for this, nobody needs it. The NDP and LPC oppose it, and hopefully will turn it into an election issue.
