Iowa 6. Penn State 4. Set college football back ten years.
BB reunion?
Penn State defense got the 120th worst starting field position per drive they faced in 2014. Ending avg drive was 7th in FBS.
God, I'd hope not!
Everyone should have interest in Brandon Saad. The Penguins could have had him!
Dominate the Garden State.
Yeah sorry I saw the rivals rating before the composite. After last year, ANY offensive lineman will perk my ears up.
Sept 11, 1999. LaVar Arrington blocks a 52 yard Pitt field goal that would have given them an upset win in a year Penn State was expected to do very well.
"I didn't know Jadeveon's car that could go that fast. He doesn't have a pretty car like those FSU guys used to drive." - Steve Spurrier
The Penn State / Pitt ones enrage me enough that I almost drive off the road.
Great picture! But first full stadium White Out was Notre Dame 2007.
I used to think this might be true, but I used to audit car dealerships and worked in 6 or so large D1 program's cities. Lots of coaches drive demo cars for dealerships, but I never saw any indication of players getting benefits.
That would certainly be my guess.
If there's a background story there, I don't know it. Have any insight?
Thanks for the info! I work in Nova now and there's lots of VT grads here (as well as PSU grads) so the upcoming series should be great.
Should be the right [clip](https://youtu.be/MV_1xZTA4yg)
I'm by no means anti-police but if you're talking about incriminating yourself, there's nothing smart about making their job easier. The burden of proof lies on them.
The starters were still pretty good that year. I think people forget Penn state was a 1 loss (to Alabama) team before the scandal broke in November '11.
Idea I thought of when I was a student who didn't love other students coming late to less important home games: a rewards program wherein you get higher priority for tickets the following year if you get to more games and at the appropriate time. The "best" fans then don't get left out when the student tickets sell out.
This is always my example for how one player is not larger than the franchise.
My two favorite teams. Excellent.
Huge for them. Kid is a stud. He'll be fun to watch the next few years.
I'm... Ok with this. We can be with our true rivals.
Maybe Ian Cole for Robert Bortuzzo. See what the kid has.
I actually really like Ian Cole. I hope they can make a deal with him work.
Fingers crossed that they can get it done!
Correct. They could certainly use his size too.
It's a short season, like the original Walking Dead season 1 and it will run right into the premiere of the original.
4 D lineman in 8 days. Sheesh!
[Well then](https://vine.co/v/ed52iWhtKvM)
And wouldn't hold up to a first year law student's criticism in court.
"immovable position" - someone who hated Penn State before
You do realize the NCAA totally buckled and settled out of court when the State of Pennsylvania was going to sue them because of what hot trash the Freeh report is. The NCAA was about to get their collective asses handed to them.
There's a nut that thinks that (edit: he's not an alum and has no ties to Penn State, he's just trying to make a name for himself) and a few people that agree with him. I'd prefer Sandusky was hung for that shit. That doest change the fact that the NCAA overstep their purview and tried to make an example of Penn State while leaning on the Freeh report that holds as much water as a colander.
Except every time that it's challenged, the party holding it up as a source settles or folds. The NCAA knows it's trash as much as anyone.
I can care a ton. Responsible parties are in jail or awaiting trial. I'm just someone who knows how to assign blame where due and not blanket the whole University like you.
Bust that took national champion Ohio State (edit: last year) to 2 OT behind a paper bag for an offensive line and reduced scholarships.
My god. Shame on you if you turned this game off.
A program hit with scholarship reducing sanctions?
It should be a good game. We're losing him and most of the D line but our back 7 should be improved. Pitt should retain a lot of talent and if Conner can get back healthy that would be a huge boost.
I'm a Pens fan (coming in peace!) but please listen to Mike Lange if you get a chance. Man is a freaking treasure.
That's exactly what it is.
I'm thankful for his contributions but he's just getting overtaken by the young talent. Good luck to him.
He's going to Oklahoma.
FYI, all the NHL games radio feeds are available for free on the NHL app. You just have to register your email.
He did pull himself out of a game.
I think he did play the next game but he got some national media attention with some comments he made about being careful, especially when you're young. I thought it was a good start to a discussion about concussion care.
I'm hoping this isn't symptomatic of a bigger problem but I guess if you have a team with many walk ons or some that have earned scholarship, they might fall down the depth chart if better players are coming in. I'm just trying not to jump to conclusions.
I had to go back to the box score. I remembered the game very incorrectly. Thanks for pointing that out.
And a top RB recruit coming in.
