The name is Kaufmann, quote is Eurostyle. Both bad choices.
If he's related to El Chapo Guzmán, do NOT doubt him. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joaqu%C3%ADn_Guzm%C3%A1n_Loera
This is such bullshit. You're acting like "black culture" is some far away culture that other Americans don't understand. African Americans are Americans. It isn't part of black culture to not get married when having a baby out of wedlock, it's what happens when you get knocked up with a guy who isn't done fucking around yet. My neighbor was a single black mom and yes, the kid's dad did come around occasionally for 1 night. And after he would leave I would see condom wrappers in the shared trashcan. He didn't come for the kid, he came to fuck her again. (And least he finally realized he should be using condoms.)
She looks so happy. I want to be that happy.
Anybody know how this happened? The entire bottom of my feet are calluses (no idea why) and I want to remove all the skin.
Eurostyle was easy. Kaufmann I needed some help with.
It is when used correctly. But it's been waaaay overused. Same with Papyrus, which is a nice font, but every single nature show and spa seems to think they need to use it.
~~You're~~Your stupid until proven otherwise.
thx
LEEROY JENKINS!!!!
OP said you'd be immortal, he didn't say anything about STDs. Having a massive case of herpes for eternity would suck.
Burn him.
It's interesting actually. Scammers purposely make their emails look fake so that smart/normal people will disregard them. They only want the stupid people to respond. http://news.nationalpost.com/news/email-scams-are-stupid-for-a-reason-scammers-only-want-stupid-people-to-respond-to-them
Arabic please
Great thanks! Just one more, hieroglyphics. (My dad is Egyptian and married a mummy he found.)
Well that was unexpected. Well done!
Yep, the mom killed her son. Poor guy just needed some help and support.
What the fuck is wrong with people? They were doing well and were very successful before. Now they're going to ruin their business because they're greedy fucktards.
How did you first get involved with Simon Rex?
Never go full retard.
I can't believe you've done this.
Op is the best reversed Gaf i've ever saw.
Any idea where it's from?
How do you like them apples?
Eau de Elon
I like how he gently strokes it with his fingers.
Are you single-handedly responsible for the Earth's deforestation?
Part of me suspects they just bought a new dog and drugged it so it looked partially quadriplegic, then kept lowering the dose so "Sammi" appeared to be getting better. The internet has ruined me.
Are you sure this isn't a gay dating site?
Shit like this makes me glad I switched to OS X. As someone who likes to keep his UI clean and tidy, this would really irritate me. I never thought Microsoft would do something as annoying as this.
No
What if Neil and Buzz had butt sex on the moon?
Worked for me. Time to sleep.
Round two.
OP's mom's vagina is a huge target. It's an honest mistake.
I used to say to my ex-girlfriend "If you weren't pretty I wouldn't be with you cause your personality sucks."
You have to hide in the bushes outside her house and then sometimes quickly rise up and peek in her window. It gets the point across you're serious and aren't playing games.
Many times you want to frame the photo around the girl's faces. When you have 4 average height girls and 1 girl who is a foot above the others, that girl is gonna have to squat.
I actually love it when a girl has a very small round bead piercing in her nose.
Why does God want Benny Hinn to knock people over? I really don't get this.
It depends where he was staying, actually. If he was somewhere with a lot of hooker bars, he was getting so much attention 1) as you said, money and 2) because he is most likely younger and the girls are used to ugly old foreign guys. Many of the bar girls have darker skin because they hang out with foreigners so much and foreigners tend to like the sun more than Thai people. If he was staying in a smaller city or even a bigger city that doesn't get as much tourism (e.g. Nakhon Ratchasima) then his white skin is definitely the reason girls are so attracted to him. Almost every TV/movie superstar in Thailand is half Thai. If you have darker skin you will (usually) think that makes you ugly. The people with darker skin on the Thai TV shows commonly play the stupid/silly characters. Anyway, you're completely underestimating how important skin color is here.
That was pretty damn good.
Death by brojob
Jesus. H. Christ *Marketing Director, Heaven*
His argument is boiling a dog alive will create a shit and piss soup. You're showing pictures of skinning a dog alive for fur. This is completely different.
...and then stuffed inside sausage casings and eaten by the upper class.
Unfortunately that's probably true.
"I've made an awesome mistake..."
The print/cursive mix should be the standard. It's so much faster to write like that than either print or cursive alone.
He's leaning towards the camera.
