Sweet.
&gt; I go to my local bar and talk to Trump people, and after a few beers they all start talking like leftists. They hate on bankers and international trade deals, corporate influence on government, all that crap. Everyone still believes in the myth of the American Dream, but folks on both sides are beginning to notice the perennial shortage of bootstraps. That narrative only works to motivate the working class if a large enough percentage of folks manage to retire into that nice house in the suburbs, with a boat and an RV parked in front. When people never get to retire at all, they eventually start to question why they're still shackled to the treadmill.
Add a dash of military intervention and a sprinkle of nationalism to the general neoliberal philosophy, and you've got the current American neoconservative politics. From a practical standpoint, they're the same bogeyman.
American neoconservative policies are essentially just neoliberal economics with a heavy helping of foreign military intervention and nationalism. Both the 'neoconservative' and 'neoliberal' descriptors refer to two slightly different flavors of centrist politics. There's about an 80% overlap between the two, primarily in the economic policy arena.
People conflate socialist and social democrat.
I hear Bill's was "JustThaTip69".
It's definitely a regional thing, unless something has changed recently. In the schools I am familiar with in Texas, you generally just get access to a clinic where you can see a RN and get a few minor things done for cheap. No emergency care and they can only prescribe some drugs (birth control, maybe antibiotics, etc. Nothing scheduled.)
It's mostly the folks that fall into the gap where they should be covered by the medicaid expansion, but don't live in a state that took it. Even when they make slightly over the poverty level, the subsidies are pretty pitiful compared to the plans you can afford. The 'cheap' insurance on the exchange is a joke. Most are high deductible plans that are essentially unusable by the folks in that income bracket outside of catastrophic injury. That means people that may only be pulling in $1200 - 1500 a month are faced with spending $250 - 300 (or more) every month on something that they won't be able to actually use if they get sick, but aren't literally dying.
You're right, BCBSTX is offering it even at my old school now. Looks like they started some time in 2014 or 2015. Here's to some positive progress in the loan star state ;)
Because when you see the speech in black and white, you'll start asking "why is this worth $225k again?" Worse, when you compare all of the speeches and find out she's basically saying the same 10 minutes worth of drivel, the only conclusion left to draw is that it was never about the speeches, and always about the cash transfer. She's dragged it out so long people are convinced something nefarious was said, and when it turns out to be just boilerplate corporatism, it will add a metric ton of fuel onto the corruption speculation theories. She should have released the transcripts immediately when challenged. Dragging it out this long has exacerbated the controversy. She's really bad at running for office.
If we can figure out a process that lets people remove fraudulent and incorrect accounts from their credit reports, we can figure out a system that will let people expunge things like this from background checks. We may never be able to remove every record from google, but it's the info returned by the major background check companies that are the primary source of these sorts of problems.
&gt; The fellow that Marco Rubio denounced as a con man has forced the leaders of the party to kneel before him, principles be damned. The deal is done. The ring has been kissed. On with the show. The schadenfreude is strong...
I think that's what they meant by "The ring has been kissed".
I'm Texan, born and bred, and it's been a shame watching what has been done to the state over the last 15 years. I mean, hell. When I was in high school, evolution wasn't a controversy and they taught us actual sex education (complete with handing out rubbers) and out interstate system was one of the best maintained in the country. Now, intelligent design is part of biology coursework, 'abstinence only' has more support than actual education, planned parenthood clinics are dropping like flies, and our bridges are literally falling down.
Sander's is just a target of opportunity because he is more accessible. Hillary keeps a lot tighter control on who she allows near her.
So Hillary works for the big banking firms. Got it.
That's only a small part of it. Most of the current issue can be traced back to [this map](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/Texas_redistricting_-_2002_and_2004.png), which was the result of the [2003 GOP-led redistricting coup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_Texas_redistricting).
Do you think Aaron Rodgers picks up the phone when the GM calls?
&gt; automation. It's already here and **as soon as it become less expensive** to replace a worker with a General Purpose Bot, it will be done. Painful times for yet another revolutionary transition. It's not even about the cost. It's already less expensive to buy kiosks than deal with employees. One of the biggest reasons keeping a lot of companies from aggressively transitioning towards kiosks for the majority of retail cashiers is pushback from older generations. It's part distrust of technology, part logistics. Kiosks don't work all that great when grandma wants to throw a wad of expired coupons at the cashier and then write a check, but processes are being streamlined and people are being weaned onto the new system. By the time the majority of the boomers retire, automated cashiers will be ubiquitous.
That entirely depends on the program. Admin costs range from about 2% (Child Care and Development Fund) to over 20% (HUD's public housing program), and this is before fraud is factored in. A UBI would significantly reduce admin costs for any program folded into it, and virtually eliminate fraud (since there would be no means testing).
There'd still need to be something in place for the folks that legitimately can't work (the elderly and disabled). Most plans I have seen call for the programs replaced by a UBI to be the 'gap programs' that are intended to supplement income (food stamps, housing allowances, etc).
&gt; Additionally, we should be able to offer employers more freedom to determine their own wages This is something that I think could help sell the idea to conservatives. It wouldn't be crazy to say that you could entirely eliminate the minimum wage if we had a robust UBI in place. If your basic needs are covered, who am I to say that it's wrong for you to go be a greeter at Walmart for $4 an hour worth of beer money and an employee discount on your 12 packs? It'd be between you and your employer to determine if your time was worth that when abject destitution is taken off the negotiating table.
Not to mention that drugs are expensive, which means poor people are often actually less likely to use than other demographics. And honestly, if the choice is between giving a crackhead a monthly check, or leaving them to their own devices to 'generate their own income', cutting them a check probably does less harm to society. The only downside I see there is the loss of free stimulus to the auto-glass and car stereo industries. ;)
Which would be a huge boon to small-scale entrepreneurs, not to mention having access to a UBI also provides a safety net to folks taking the risks to become entrepreneurs in the first place.
&gt; but re reading i realize you are not excluding the people who make millions of dollars from ubi. For folks in that income bracket, they would still be getting the payment, but it wouldn't be a net gain for them. It's be more of a mini tax refund. &gt; I had run into a person who told me his understanding of ubi was that anyone who currently made more than ubi would not get it. That completely undermines the primary benefits of a UBI by disincentivizing work.
Fair enough point, that's the potential assuming it gets people off the streets and back into society (or prevents them from falling through the cracks in the first place). It's also fair to point out that single payer healthcare is probably a prerequisite to a functioning UBI.
Same for the Walmarts around here. Outside of the 5-7 pm rush, there's usually only 2 or 3 lanes open at the super-centers here. But honestly, the days of the supercenter are probably numbered along with cashiers. Companies like amazon are aggressively moving into the grocery game while also pursuing automation. Combine that with a push towards self-driving cars and it is not inconceivable that a significant number of people will have their groceries delivered directly to their door with zero human interaction within the next 10 years.
I think you'll start to see a shift in grocery stores, more focus on fresh produce and meat, and less packaged items on the shelves. An online vendor can afford to devote more space to specialty goods than a brick and mortar because they're dealing with regional customer traffic, rather than local. That selection is going to sink local supercenters eventually as shipping continues to get cheaper. I already use prime pantry for a lot of my shopping--canned goods, cokes, paper stuff, and toiletries. I go to a local supermarket with a good meat market for pretty much everything else. Amazon is a big reason why Walmart gets almost none of my money these days.
I could also see charities or programs set up like a college dorm. You pony up some percentage of your UBI at the start of the month, and then you get a bed, access to a shared living space, and a seat in the cafeteria during mealtime. With the UBI money rolling in at the start of every month, places like that would be funded much better than current homeless shelters are, which gives them greater ability to provide diversion counseling or job training.
Every so often I still need slim jims and mountain dew at 2 am, but aside from the rare "I need it right now" purchase, I have made a conscious effort to quit giving Walmart my money.
It's not intended to replace the need to work, it's supposed to supplement other wages. For homeless people, it's enough to rent a room and buy food. That's all it's intended to be. Most homeless people do generate some sort of income, either through panhandling, collecting cans, or day labor type stuff. Add $12,000 a year onto what they are already doing, and that's enough to get them off the streets. Get some roommates, and since everyone is drawing the UBI, you can probably keep a relatively comfortable roof over your heads. The intent isn't to replace the need for generating income, just keep people from falling out of the bottom of society without a way to climb back out.
Agreed. Meanwhile, Bernie had this to say: &gt; ["Violence is absolutely and totally unacceptable, and if anybody is thinking about violence, please don't tell anybody you are a Bernie Sanders supporter because those are not the kind of supporters I want."](http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/bernie-sanders-addresses-anti-trump-violence-698777667614)
&gt; I think in the vast majority of jobs, conducting some business with your personal email account is just fine. Not hardly. They issue you company email accounts for a reason. I have known several people who have been fired over the years for simply for emailing themselves company spreadsheets to "work on them at home" because they didn't want to be bothered with remoting into a virtual desktop. Company's tend to take a very dim view of people who play fast and loose with proprietary information. Replying to a quick question from your boss via your personal email when you are home is one thing, but refusing to use the required company IT infrastructure in favor of google docs and gmail is just going to lead to a spot in the unemployment line.
It really depends on the company, but in general, if the company has gone through the trouble of setting up it's own network or exchange server, they want all company business conducted on that network. Failure to do so is grounds for dismissal. In your situation, google docs was probably the digital equivalent of 'neutral ground', and smaller companies may not bother to invest in their own IT infrastructure. But in general, if they have it they want you to use it.
[I knew I'd seen that before somewhere.](http://api.theweek.com/sites/default/files/53_174101.jpg?resize=807x807) And there's also [this gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/l41lSmidaVJ1fTxDO/giphy.gif).
Dig a trench on the fence line and fill it with crushed gravel (something coarse), then dirt on top. Most dogs will stop digging when they hit gravel. (I say most, because some dogs are the right combination of hardheaded and retarded. In that case, at least you won't have to trim the nails on their front feet.)
Socialism isn't an opposing force for capitalism, it's a limiter that helps keep capitalism from eating itself.
Pretty much. Capitalist policies are great at incentivizing innovation and encouraging people to put out the effort to keep the economy pumping, but unbridled capitalism will grind people into dust and consume until it collapses under its own unsustainable growth. Socialist policies are great at mitigating risk and spreading the cost of required goods and services around enough so everyone can afford them, and ensuring that the poor aren't ground to paste and used to lube the gears of the market, but pure socialism tends to collapse under the weight of bureaucracy. Some things are best served by the market, and others are poisoned when you inject the profit motive. Until we manage to eliminate all forms of scarcity, society will probably best be served by a robust capitalist market operating alongside a robust social safety net. Swing too far in either direction on the pendulum and things break down.
Succinctly put.
Chickens are definitely domesticated then. They're basically just dumb balls of delicious meat toddling along on two legs at this point.
&gt; The other owners can ask a court to force a sale of the house. Which is a messy process that can be expensive and take a while. Op's dad has leverage. If he can afford it, I'd suggest using his 25% equity to help secure financing and buy out the other siblings, or try and work out a deal to pay them some sort of rent for their portions. Some courts will also require attempts at mediation before they will entertain a partition sale.
Don't fall into the trap of thinking reddit is representative of america. I'm not fan of Clinton either, but just because I won't vote for her doesn't mean every other Bernie supporter feels the same way. Most of Bernie's crowd fear Trump more than they dislike Clinton, and they'll turn out to cast a ballot for her to block him. It still may not be enough. The 5-8% that are true #NeverHillary might very well be enough to tip things in Trump's favor, but the vast majority will turn up to pull the blue lever all the same. &gt; There are other ways to vote against trump than a vote for Clinton. In a first past the post system, voting for anyone other than the two front-runners is a purely symbolic gesture. I wish that wasn't the case, but it's just the reality of math.
Yup. It was a blow to the gut. Only job I have ever been fired from. The shit Clinton pulled would not fly in the private sector. I don't understand why so many folks think she should get a pass for that sort of behavior in the public sector.
I'm still here, and about ready to pack my shit up and get out. The gerrymander coup has done a lot to fuck the state up. It's been painful watching Texas get dragged back into the dark ages over the past decade. The Lone Star State used to have its own unique feel. There was a strong libertarian streak, but thanks to the influence of Houston, Dallas, and Austin, it was a pretty inclusive form of libertarianism. Then the mid term redistricting happened, and we went from the most liberal bastion in the south, to the home of Ted Cruz in about a decade. As I said in other threads in the past, my old high school is now teaching abstinence only sex ed and intelligent design. It's so bad at this point that we're fucking up textbooks for half the country. My old biology teacher must be rolling over in his grave.
The policies that result from gerrymandering affect the voting districts, which means those effects roll up towards the national level.
Personally I think splitting the difference between one man one vote and the electoral college by proportionally allocating electoral college votes based on the popular vote in the state is preferable to the winner take all version we currently have. We've decided the large population centers shouldn't disproportionately affect the outcome of the presidential election, and our solution means that a handful of swing states now disproportionately affect the outcome. Once primary season is over, the democrats don't give a shit about Mississippi, the republicans don't care about California, and both spend way too much time kissing Florida's ass.
I'm not really a fan of living in an area where my vote is purely symbolic and utterly meaningless.
Let's say I am a GOP election official in charge of overseeing the logistics of the election for my district. My district includes a wedge of Houston and about 50 square miles of rural land. I put one polling location 20 minutes outside Houston to serve that portion of my 'constituents', and another dozen in centrally located spots in all the other little rural towns throughout the district. Those urban (democratic) voters have to drive out of their way and then wait in long lines to vote, while all of those rural voters are in and out in 5 minutes. The effect is the urban vote is suppressed in favor of the rural (red) vote.
The vast majority of the current issue in Texas is the result of [the GOP redistricting coup in 2003](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_Texas_redistricting). Prior to 2004, Republicans haven't held a majority in the Texas State legislature since reconstruction. After the redistricting they gained a supermajority. The map was rewritten again in 2012, [and further entrenched the GOP hold on the state](http://www.chron.com/news/politics/texas/article/This-is-how-badly-Republicans-have-gerrymandered-6246509.php). Since then, the GOP has enacted [voter ID laws that favor certain demographics](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/texass-voter-id-chicanery/2016/05/30/54d7cc96-2450-11e6-9e7f-57890b612299_story.html) (concealed handgun licenses are fine, student ids are not, etc), and confusion around what is or isn't an accepted form of ID [has led to voters just staying home](http://www.mysanantonio.com/opinion/editorials/article/Some-proof-of-Texas-voter-suppression-6444437.php). In the primaries this year, it's all come home to roost[ specifically in Harris county](http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/politics/houston/article/Tuesday-anything-but-super-for-some-Texas-voters-6866932.php) (the home of Houston). Voting locations all across the city were backed up, and one of the excuses for the limited number of voting machines deployed is that the budget had been slashed by the [Texas Secretary of State](https://www.houstonpublicmedia.org/articles/news/2016/03/02/139941/a-very-high-turnout-and-a-long-ballot-were-factors-for-the-long-lines-on-super-tuesday/).
Stop, stop. You're undermining the narrative. Muh bootstraps!?!!
