It's speculated she's Crane Mother. May be going back in time for the Seven Cities of Heaven Tournament.
http://forums.marvelheroes.com/discussion/144603/khonshus-tribute-a-melee-moon-knight-build-updated-may-22-2015/p1
Anytime! Gnome does a good job breaking the build down and going over why this and that is taken. Gear and such is all pretty much straight forward. My IGN is Vikstyn if you ever need anything.
Go to Scottish Highlands. Find Connor MacLeod. There can be only one.
You get 400 ES on your second log in day. That's enough for a good hero.
Imdb has him listed as Barry Allen.
There's 2 captain boomerangs.
I feel so stupid for wondering what Marvelous! was.
Spoilers..
This makes me so insanely jealous. Gorgon makes my MK eat rocks instantly.
He's my favorite comic character. I half hoped the art dealer shop in DD was owned by Spector.
Fruit lawyer here. It all depends on if the swallows grasp it by the husk or if it's tied to said bird.
X23 for synergy if you main a melee
I think they got him wrong in the VO in game. I would have liked to hear more of his multiple personalities. And the demon voice is Khonshu. He's a great comic to read. The 2015 run of Mr. Knight is good.
Why not make a all time use medkit like D3 has? Unique drop and rare.
THANK YOU!! At work til 5 and was wondering costs.
Is there anything else? What about the quests that had retcons?
I've always got a box at 175. The last 8 boxes were fantastic, nova, storm, and deadpool. In that order. I don't even wanna random box anymore..
I just did this for Gambit. It took maybe an hour. AND I was able to kill Bullseye for the MK1 card.
Still selling.
Who the fuck did he just accordion??!
I was running RIF/SIF boosts all morning farming terms, I did 8 axis one shots, and CICP and got NOTHING to drop except a cosmic Skull medallion upgrade. 2+ hours of 200% for nothing.
Sit in Midtown lobby, go kill anything right outside the door, and run back in. The rarity of the mob doesn't matter.
Not really. Tried it.
Probably.
You're not the only one. Flooded with rude elitist pricks, 'who should I pick next' threads, and Gaz sucks for no event cryfests.
Posts like this will push people away from the game. The Mods need to start deleting toxic trash like this.
Interested in the SG. IGN - Vikstyn
What?! How is that possible? I know he took Carnage in space and did the same thing once.
Moon Knight. Knowing I can get stomped and killed by a boss with his play style keeps me focused. I just leveled Gambit so I'm pumped to see how he does with a hybrid build.
Every random box so far has been a dupe. At least I got a DD dupe tonight so that's a free ult point.
I went more hybrid. Street Sweeper, 52UP, Royal Flush, and Bo Vault with 60/40 physical/energy stats. Debating replacing BV with something else but I don't wanna turn into a range character. I like the midrange melee.
This Thursday is free champ.
Crafter has an option to remove it.
Fumbles is right. It's under Misc.
What are you looking for for the balloon?
I got a low rolled hod if you're into a 1:1
Haha that's super late for me. Just add me and when you see me in game send me a tell. Vikstyn
Awesome. I'm in the U.S. But I'm about to leave for work in 15. I'll be on tonight sometime.
I just green prestiged. With a personal xp buff of 50% and server side, not really rushing mind you, just over 5 hours. Like I said if I put some rush into it I could have done it around 4.
Moon Knight for the extra ult point.
1. That username is good. 2. I think with the endless events that have been going on for the past month, people felt they should have another. IMHO they should have did all the weekly events this month as opposed to last month and a half. Or do a big 10/a set xp bump that scales per week instead of weekly and getting dumped/set xp bonus for the month. Hell any of those options are better than the rolling weekly xp.
What you should have done was send an email showing you bought the Gs. Maybe they thought you were scamming.
I added you btw. I should be back on super early my time. Around 5am or so.
MK is my main and is an absolute blast. But if youre not into getting punished for the playstyle, then I wouldnt use him for the freebie.
http://redd.it/391cqn Honestly it's stickied at the top. Take more time to look.
I ran several with my SG this morning and found well over 100+ in 8 runs.
Nope. Sell em.
I finished up the 365 about an hour ago too. I farmed for Treasure Rooms I didn't have and killed mobs while looking. IMO it was way better doing it that way. Regular MIdtown was pretty good too with damn near instant respawn mobs.
He's already the villain Gladiator.
