Can this become a teen comedy? The kid is a loser/terrible football player and gets magical Gronk powers from the cleats. The kid destroy people on the football field, and becomes a lady's man/party animal. Right before he is going to play in the State championship game, he forgets his cleats on the bus. The kid is nervous that he won't help his team without his magical powers. Gronk comes to the State championship as a "Celebrity ref". Our kid blurts out to Gronk that he lost the magical cleats. Gronk tells him that the cleats were normal cleats, and the magic was inside of him. He just had to believe in himself. Our youngster grabs 8 catches for 127 yards and 2 TDs. The 2nd TD comes with no time left on the clock as part of game winning drive. Either that, or due to a technicality Gronk is allowed to suit up for the high school because he is "considered a student" due to the cleat donation. Gronk has 14 grabs for 435 yards and 5 TDs. The credits involve Gronk doing an actual keg stand that lasts for 4 minutes and 40 seconds on top of the team's bus as it drives away. Gronk does all of his own stunts, so he will be chugging actual beer throughout.
I spend 99.99457% of my year not in the ocean
That's the kind of hit where you forget where you are and what you are doing for a couple of minutes.
Wilfork used to be in the running http://www.bigy.com/OurStores/FoodService/InVinceIble/assets/VinceWsandwich.jpg
I saw a Maryland local access sketch comedy show (may have been University of Maryland) called "The Big Show" over a decade ago. Does it exist anywhere on the internet?
There is just exposed penis everywhere in CA. They just don't show it in the travel commercials with the celebrities.
Sometimes the smaller packages are cheaper when on sale. Frank's Red hot sauce was cheaper per ounce when buying two smaller bottles (same amount) as one big bottle. Check the unit price and make sure you are comparing apples to apples. $/oz, $/lb, $/100ct etc.
Yeah, $20 for TNT, TBS, ESPN, ESPN2, AMC, Food Network, HGTV etc
I love Brady and want to see him keep up the success on the field. I would like to see him retire before he has a final season like Favre's final year.
When we went for our mortgage, not doing anything major to our credit was recommended. Definitely best to avoid increasing the credit card to avoid headaches.
Manager: "What the hell John?!? You just shattered Gordon's face!!!" John: "ROADHOUSE!!!!!!!" Manager: "Haha, you're right. Old Gordo had it coming. Nice work!"
"Thank you, come again!"
Didn't he hurt his shoulder on that play? I think we had a decent lead at that point. I remember yelling "Dammit Brandon!!!!" in my living room.
Home brewing beer. I have read things online, but need some basic beginners guides/instructional videos.
Can't find them in MA either
That pop at the end
Credit cards also have reward programs. My credit card has a cash back rewards program that has helped provide some additional spending cash for my every day purchases, and larger purchases.
Everyone knows someone like that. They aren't allowed at parties.
And Maggie makes three is one of my top 5 favorite episodes, sad to see it didn't make the list.
That one needs to followed with an evil, creepy chuckle
Thought there was going to be a closed window on a penis
That pimp walk after you go out of the pool must have been amazing
Homer: Well crying isn't going to help. Now, you can sit there feeling sorry for yourself or you can eat can after can of dog food until your tears smell enough like dog food until your dog comes back, or you can go out there and find your dog. Bart: You're right. [Gets up and leaves] Homer: Rats. I almost had him eating dog food.
Those eyes! The ojos!
I don't fit into my jeans from high school anymore.
Went from listening to rock/metal to everything, but really enjoying jazz and retro new wave.
Richard Naranjo
There is definitely some help that could be had from /r/relationships that might be needed to help with your wife and her spending habits/communication within the relationship. I know you state that your wife has income but not to count on it. She created this debt, and should take some responsibility for it. Does she work full time? Could she find full time work? This really could make a big difference in becoming debt free from a debt she created. As far as expenses go, the only thing that jumps out at me is the $100/month for lawn care. I see you have an HOA, is the lawn care required? After working in a building all day with fluorescent lights and a computer screen, I find great pleasure in weeding, mowing my lawn, and spending time outside.
"Hammer" blows sounds like a WWE finishing move.
Depending on where you live, there are some fun destinations to drive to. During our honeymoon we went off season (Late September) to a nice little beach town. During the day was high 60's so we walked the beach, sat outside, had drinks, window shopped, did a museum, and had some really nice meals. During the night, we even relaxed with a bottle of wine together and some time a fire. There is also sex.
&gt; It was my understanding that gay weddings were catered with pizza. I am a married straight male, and wish this was the case at my wedding.
Never gets old. Its like a nu thang every time.
Cheese is our new currency
Northern Over-exposure!
Poker cam!
Fuck that dirty sack of shit
Patriots just giving up?
What is the other way we can get home field advantage if the Pats don't win? I think we can pull it out.
3rd and 15 was a time to screen instead of that White handoff.
That kneel hurts to see
We stop them, but their offense is moving better than ours
He is not a Patriot
Anyone who says Pansy Brady can eat a bag of dicks
Great play by Brady
This line can't protect anything
That run hurt
These refs are so fucking dumb. Hoculi is a fucking idiot
I feel like we wanted to see if the run game with some fresh RBs could win it for us. It unfortunately couldn't.
He knows how to beat the Patriots. We should hire him and just say "Shhh baby"
Put it in the freezer and feel better
