Or im being sarcastic
Even Schoolboy Q outsold this
He had trouble with the hiphop crowd tht didnt know bout his underground past, amd the ones that did know it didnt like the corny radio somgs he was making...he did not have trouble with the rest of the planet The stuff he did with Dre and the rest of Shady/Aftermath helped
It is?
"Used to tell their friends i was ugly and wouldnt touch me..then i showed up in that dubbed out buggy" Jay knows whats what
thats a sin...
First week sales might be core fanbase, but after tht its the rest of the public buying the album and singles And Kanye came out in a time when it was easier to grow mainstream fanbases
Hurt Me Soul or Sing About Me/Dyin of Thirst? Edit: from what i can tell: HHH loves Kendrick more, and BX loves Lupe more
Yu ppl have completely removed all meaning for the word "corny" by using it to mean anything
Well he has like 10 mixtapes He put that work in already
3 classics....? Like i said..give it time
We as in hiphop heads Well we thought Lupe, Luda, Game(kinda), Jeezy, TI(arguably is) etc. would end up being legends at one point after a string of great albums/mixtapes early in their career
Theyre southern legends for sure
Boxden...hiphop/culture website used by mostly non-white hiphop fans
AZ is actually from brooklyn, not QB
Actually TI left years ago
Omg...a good Cons song after like a decade Lu killed this
https://instagram.com/p/2p3I0NjSNu/?taken-by=rocktde am i?
ya it does kinda sound like a muggz beat
No he said "I'm who Drake wants to be"
Almost 100% positive? Foh
And Soulo
...blackballed? Lol gtfoh
...this is false
"Sayin my names on world stages, thats so childish" or somethin Cuz gambino said hes better than drake during some show
Warrwn G tweeted "we watchin you youngin" or somethjng to Vince a few months back
idunno Rosenberg said him and Gambino talked about it, so regardless CG thinks it was a shot at him
so he's only going to feature friends he knew in 2006? what kind of logic is this...
Who said "i wanna teleport on these hoes"?
"This right here"?? For asking why?
You dont hav to defend drake lmao
Hes never good at either of those things He has good wordplay and flow sometimes tho
He dropped out in gr11
Yup
Why is that weird? Youre just gonna assume Akons shady and evil like that?
Violence in general is excusable if its for art
Yall are weird
Well im not going to support Westerner ignorance by clearing up all stereotypes and ignorant assumptions they may have about the rest of the planet everytime i mention something they dont understand
Top dawg put out These Days... They hav no issues with bad albums
Not about the quality Jus let it be...even Snoop said hes not gonna put the Pac songs out unless Afeni gets all the money from it
And its about his career on Atlantic
And before Bad Boy Made Mary J a star, helped Flex become a big DJ in new york, found Biggie and got him out the streets (kinda) The guy also gave us G-Dep, who gave us an extremely underappreciated album (at least go listen to Everyday)
Oh ya totally slipped my mind OOoOooOooweee
Yup RapRadar even put it high on their "disapppinting albums" list last year
Wasnt Luda helping write them?
I wanna fuck you - snoop/akon
Singh is King..Snoops on it
Soulo put out 3 good-great projects before that and then put out a dud...so ya its bad
Suga Free is the GOAT of this
All your Fault was great
