Ever try flipping it? As in the recipe, not an egg. Anejo and white port.
Where the fuck is brann?
Could do dobel white reposado and be tight.
That's more like you're change back. A refund would be all the amount they took.
I think he means it's not printed what the money is used for.
If you pay ten bucks for a beer that's sic bucks and get four back the four is not a refund.
Change with no interest.
I saw this episode ten minutes ago and noticed it as well. Had a chuckle at Rick the dick.
No sandlot gif?
Wet means vermouth.
And wages have stayed the same since then.
Adjusted for inflation?
The link you posted is basically quoting my original statement. "Wages have stayed the same" vs "wages have barely budged for decades"
He hooked himself. Implying he's not too smart.
Better in the sense that it doesn't take oil to make and is completely renewable?
I would argue it does as you scale up for production. Just to pull one of your examples how many years would it take to grow a coconut tree just to use the byproduct of the fruit and not the entire plant?
Hemp can grow in far more places in the world than just the equator like coconuts.
Found the bee killer.
We're in debt to them because they purposefully keep their dollar low and exploit workers.
The difference would be wolves not stray dogs.
Dumplings anyone? Dario argento?
Never here. Politicians in my state do whatever they want once elected and it's pretty damn hard to vote out incumbents.
Reminds me of that japanther video. Edit : panther not japanther https://youtu.be/pnP9CjDxRDM
Xanga
He just defined the word. I'd say that's checkmate dude.
Ha
Zing!
Probably just wait ten years and send in the robots.
Who greenlighted this song haha.
Fisting?
Doubt that dude is making jamon or mortadella.
Andouille
Can somebody overdub a wudos band track over this for me?
Isn't there a study about the more advanced a culture gets the less children they have? Pretty sure I've seen a few Ted talks on it at least.
What no cipollini?
Did I say anything about lyrical content?
Did it work? I'm actually curious.
Divide and conquer
To be fair we took all five miles. No animal in the history of earth has made it this far yet. We will eventually fail no doubt but the next big thing will see all we left behind.
Nooooo waaaaaay
Red green was my shit.
Miller is Milwaukee
Hey that thing that got destroyed that cost billions of dollars and years to build? Some rich dude has another one. Crisis averted.
Kind of like beam and suntory. None of these international companies belong to any one nation anymore regardless of headquarters.
Wait til it comes out their super pacs are buying our presidents elections.
He should've sucked his dick.
I always tilted my chair back and then sat on my toes.
I've kept my weed in the amerna jar after use. Smells great and is the perfect size.
Fun note the luxardos are the remains from after they pit them to make luxardo. The luxardo family has owned the same orchard since the 18th century. Probably the same cherries Harry craddock used.
You win life. You don't work in Tulsa do you?
