Really over cooked spaghetti. Not even the decency to be al dente.
Wearing clothes backwards. *shakes head apologetically*
When I'm physically tired I fall sleep so quickly. I do exercise in the morning. Stay up and active until my body tells me I'm tired. Have a long warm shower, snuggle under the duvet, reddit for a bit, then I'm out!
Did you know, looking up on a surfer on a board, as a shark would see you, a surfer looks pretty similar to a seal, or a turtle. Edit [see] (http://adventure.howstuffworks.com/shark-attack.htm) So, if it's any consolation, them eating you would probably be a misunderstanding.
The fact that I live on the other side of the world from where I was born, but can be back there in less than a day, have friends and travel all over the world, and at the push of a button have a free video call with anyone in the world that has a connection. We are so amazingly connected, it's mind blowing.
Reddit is addictive.
I don't even know what Comcast is.
I live in Vietnam. Have western sized feet. My shoes are imported. 3.5 million dong on average. But they're good shoes. Anything cheaper is generally terrible for your feet. ( when I lived in Canada too ) Shoes are an investment in your feets happiness!
All this talk of smells of your SO. Ugh. I'm single. Vanilla.
I seise to exist.
Such a fantastic author.
Is this really a thing? I had know idea! Next time I go to the theatre I'll have my eyes on you. :-)
I think having an Asian fetish is ridiculous, and not appropriate, but I have a height thing. I prefer tall men. Mines not so extreme though. I know men who WILL NOT consider non Asian women, and it infuriorates me. But I might infuriorate short men. Edit an s
Despite their craziness?
Use public transport. Have quick showers, not big long ones. ^^I'm ^^terrible ^^at ^^this ^^one. Use biodegradable cleaning products. Buy local produce/ shop at markets. Turn off lights when you leave a room. Limit meat intake.^^but...bacon. Tap water drinkers, keep a jug in the fridge. Don't run it to get it cold.
I'm going to open a pancake cafe ( flour, milk, eggs, baking soda) specializing in fancy pancake art, by using a squeezable bottle to make shapes while pouring it. As the chef, I won't use the topping, but syrup, fruit, and jams will be available at your table, if reddit allows.
We don't need no water let the mother fucker burn. Burn, mother fucker, burn.
Or along a similar vein... I'd like to teach the world to sing...
Don't hump people's legs.
Good makeup. Mascara in particular. Jesus H Christ, it cannot cost that much to make.
I had a motorcycle with that name once.
I'm not usually attracted to people I can't have a conversation with, so, yeah, in my case it's usually just them not being 'into me like in any way.' ^^good ^^times.
I know. I'm in the middle of trying to figure out why I don't think I deserve to be happy. Avoiding the hurt taking risks *might* bring, but...ensuring hurt anyways. Thanks brain.
Is the 'hey' an expression of interest? Because if it is, you lost me there. :-p
I'd open this restaurant!
Hey sexy.
Sorry, man.
Yep, agreed. Not easy to do, but... I am actually working on this.
Thanks!
I most likely live on the very opposite side of the world as you.
Thanks. It's funny ( but not really, at all) that I literally have to practice telling myself this... You deserve to be happy. One day, I'll believe it, I swear.
They'd be better with vanilla extract and sugar for sure, and I wasn't counting the oil. But they'd still be very good, IMO. If you don't want my pancakes, don't come!
That's not how this works! lol. Ok, I'll indulge you... Where are you? Is it nice? Sell it to me! I see you are ten minutes to downtown. What town?
I feel deceived! Do you live in the middle of nowhere?
Lies! He sent no number!
Indeed.
Maybe if you pretend to not be attracted to me, and I pretend to not be attracted to you... It will work out somehow. Well get past the sabotaging ourselves stage, with the relationship intact!
So I guess the last point doesn't apply to you!
Can't you just tell me what to do about it?
So you can judge me based on my appearance? I'm not bad looking. And I am a really good person.
Unfortunately, yeah, it's totally apt.
A restaurant is what it would be! You're right though, if the toppings aren't allowed on top of my four ingredients, I'd skip the baking soda, and replace it with Nutella.
Ok then.
Indeed!
So far, I am not sold.
I don't fit nicely into any of those boxes, and I have no childhood abuse or traumas or anything that would warrant them. Mainly, I think it's just due to me unconsciously not thinking I'm good enough for some reason. I have lots of friends, I am a good person, people like me. I don't know why I do it. Anyways, thanks for the insight. It's interesting.
Highly Overrated.
Lol. Ha. If you send it, I totally won't call.
;-)
Water polo. Get naked in the pool, yo. Fit men treading water naked? Yes please!
