That's going to make it look completely bizarre, like a triangular spruce lollipop on a stick, and it's only going to get even more bizarre as the tree matures and gets bigger. A natural spruce outline includes the branches sweeping softly all the way down to the ground. Lopping off the lower branches 8 feet up is ugly IMO. Much better to let it go as unworkable. There is also the issue of the home's foundation. A large tree like that needs to be at least 20 feet away.
Where are you located? Precisely when did you transplant them? Did they flower in previous years? How long had they been living next to the driveway? Are you asking about the ones you moved, or the ones still next to the driveway, or both?
Why is it like that? Did someone prune it, or disease, or what?
&gt; I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area My understanding of the article is that it depends on the species. &gt;I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area You really have to know your nursery. Some of them are simply outlets for mass market stuff, in which case they're going to sell whatever is the most popular.
Nothing is going to grow in the dense shade under the maple. You can grow greens and lettuce in dappled shade. If you can pick a spot that gets the full blast of the 6 hours of direct, continuous sunlight, without being filtered through any tree leaves, you can grow peppers, tomatoes, etc. A 6x6 box is going to need stepping stones in the middle to enable you to reach the center without walking on the soil,which compacts it. Raised beds tend to be multiples of 4 feet wide, not 6, such as 4x4, 4x8 etc This is because the average human can reach 2 feet into a bed while kneeling at the side, so a 4 foot wide bed allows you to reach the center from either side without stepping on the soil.
Oaks, hickories, walnuts, and hornbeams have deep roots, but they're all slow-growing, and I have no idea how good they are at "soaking" up groundwater. Where are you located? What spot in your landscaping are you trying to fill with a tree?
Not sure how you're defining "flat", but Fannie Farmer's Banana Bread has been my go-to for years, and it's definitely rounded. http://www.grouprecipes.com/14816/fanny-farmers-banana-nut-bread.html The bananas should be black-ripe, and you should mash them with a potato masher to nearly liquid. You can omit the whole eggs and just use egg whites if you're cooking for low-cholesterol people. The strange thing is that it uses no fat or oil at all, so it's also suitable for low-fat diet.
&gt;It's called jasmine. That's what they mean by jasmine when the mention jasmine. There are a lot of different plants that go by the colloquial name "jasmine", and in this particular case, the plant that the OP is asking about isn't a jasmine at all.
They need the equivalent of an inch of rain every week, so if it doesn't rain all week, you'll need to water them. Also if your weather turns hot, dry, and windy, they'll need some extra waterings until they're established and start putting out new growth.
Cantaloupe = watermelon, basically. Same regimen, same care, same pests. Large melons take longer to come ripe, but Moon and Stars is smaller so not as lengthy a wait. Bunnies figure that canteloupe = watermelon, too. You need a bunny fence. Any wire fence will do, but either : A. the bottom wire needs to be pegged tight to the ground so Bun can't push his head and shoulders under it, and shove it up, and wriggle under. or B. The bottom 12" or so needs to be buried. or C. You lay out the bottom 12" flat on the ground next to the fence, in an L-shape. If there's plenty of other food around, a simple wire fence may be enough to discourage them. Note that a full-grown rabbit can wriggle easily through a chain link fence opening, so any wire fencing has to have openings smaller than that. Chicken wire, or hardware cloth.
Plants that will root from cuttings will root eventually, given the right conditions. All that the rooting hormone does is speed up the process, which means that the cutting has a better chance of evading rot while it's waiting for its new roots. Some plants root so readily from cuttings, suckers, and shoots that there's no need to use rooting hormone. Some plants that will root eventually from cuttings, suckers, and shoots will benefit from using rooting hormone to speed it up a bit. So, it depends.
Only if they get sprayed with the soap. It's not toxic the way that pesticides are. If they get enough of it on them, it's possible that they could be harmed. Think of the soapy water as nail polish remover, and a bug's waxy cuticle coating as the nail polish. How badly the nail polish gets messed up depends on how much nail polish remover gets on it.
Yes, but I'd combine it with an insecticidal soap, because spider mites are THE #1 indoor plant problem. You'll need to do repeated treatments, and frankly, if the seedlings aren't rare or exotic, personally I'd toss them (Hefty sack and landfill, not compost them) and start over. Spider mites are that bad, and that difficult to get rid of, and that contagious. &gt;my indoor garden has a bit of a spider mite issue This is kinda like saying, "I have a bit of a gonorrhea issue." A few squirts of neem aren't going to fix it in a couple of days.
How to prune lilacs. http://gardening.about.com/od/pruning/a/Pruning_Lilacs.htm Unless you're in Nunavut and your flowers have just now faded, it's too late in the season to prune. They bloom on old wood.
I'm assuming this is the back yard? You could have a lovely little cottage garden there of flowers, either annuals or perennials, or veg, except that you'd have to water them. I'd put a climbing rose up a trellis at the corner. Or you could grow tomatoes. If you seriously don't want to have to water, and it doesn't receive any natural rainfall at all due to the overhang, then you're looking at rocks, because the drought-tolerant xeriscaping plants native to the desert southwest can't survive a snowy, cold Pittsburgh winter. You could put in some native prairie plants like coneflowers and rudbeckia, which can get by with little water, but they can't survive with zero water. Some thoughts. They're still going to need *some* water. http://extension.psu.edu/prepare/emergencyready/drought/landscape/garden Talk to the Master Gardeners, see if they have any ideas. http://extension.psu.edu/counties
Go ahead and take them with you, because chances are excellent that they will be mowed as weeds after you leave.
Were they male or female blossoms? It's normal for male blossoms to be jettisoned, they only last for 1 day. Same for female, but if your plant is jettisoning female blossoms, it means they aren't being fertilized and you aren't going to get any veg, so you want to look into hand pollinating. Also, frequently zukes have trouble get their guys n gals coordinated, so it's not unusual to have males-only or females-only at first, which of course wither and die.
They are all run through state universities. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative_State_Research,_Education,_and_Extension_Service#Cooperative_Extension_System
Bird netting is the method of choice.
I see that now, just FYI'ing you. I like single mums myself better than cushion mums.
http://www.lecreuset.com/cast-iron-mini-cocotte &gt;*Whether starting with an appetizer of warm spinach and artichoke dip or finishing a meal with individual portions of fruit cobbler, the Mini Cocotte is a versatile and convenient solution for both preparation and serving.* Use it like a ramekin. Eggs en cocotte.
I enjoy making general recommendations to people, but then I kinda assume that after that, you're going to take the ball and run with it, and start looking for things you like, not wait on me to tell you what to plant.
Ok. [Imgur](http://imgur.com/XVJ165K,wMqe7mI#0) Picture 1. You want to remove your front sidewalk and bump out the front foundation bed to about 3 feet wide, all the way across the front of the house towards the side door. You're going to keep the side walkway the way it is. The basement window well and the gas/electric meter make it what I call a "utility corridor". It's useless space for much gardening since the meter reader has to be able to access the meter. The blue crosshatching is an optional second flowerbed that you can put on the other side of the walk. It should be no wider than half the width of the new sidewalk. If you go wider than that, you start getting into serious perennial flower borders. You can have this blue crosshatch flowerbed run around the corner of the house and continue to parallel the sidewalk all the way to the side door, or you can stop it at the corner at a right angle, or you can make a curvy bit at the corner. It's up to you. There isn't really a right way or a wrong way. This bed can have any kind of flowers that you like. Perennials like daylilies and iris, annuals like petunias. Only thing is, they have to be smallish, say not over 18" high. This is because you don't want them hiding what's in the main foundation bed next to the house. The main foundation bed will have a trellis on the far left. It can be a rose or a vine like a clematis, or whatever. You need a vertical note there. If you don't want a vine and trellis, you can do a tall juniper or something, but it will need cutting back in a few years. The rest of the bed will be a mixed border, of either plain green shrubs and things like succulents, or flowering shrubs, or perennials, or a mix. The important thing is that they have rounded or curvy outlines--i.e. no rectangular yew shrubs, no boxy bushes made with the hedge clippers. You want soft curves because your house's facade is so right-angle geometric. Think floribunda rosebushes, not square evergreens. You want tallest things in back, but no taller than the bottom of the window. Then medium-sized things in the middle, and smallest things in front. You can continue the smallest things around the corner next to the house, in those dribs and drabs of soil in the utility corrider. Or put in some petunias or marigolds. Just because it's the utility corridor doesn't mean it can't have some flowers. There's a scribbly red tree at the corner of the house. This should be a small tree such as a Japanese maple, redbud, dogwood, birch, flowering crabapple/cherry/plum, or similar. It goes at a strategic spot on the corner at least 10 feet from the foundation (because of roots) which you will have to eyeball yourself. This softens the corner of the house and helps to hide the utility corridor. On the porch you have your planters, deck tubs, half-barrels, urns, whatever. It doesn't have to be four, but they should be symmetrical. Look at it from the street and see. Possibly a small decorative bench for guests instead of the patio table and chairs. Picture 2. Your bed to the right of the porch needs to have either (1) rounded things, or (2) curvy things. The window above the bed is so completely rectangular that the rectangular raised bed below it only hammers away at the rectangularness of the whole setup. Put some rounded, curvy, assymetrical things in the bed. They should reach almost to the windows. Your front yard looks good. That's an excellent specimen tree in the front, and good placement on whatever the large bush is in the right-hand corner. Someone was paying attention when they put those two things in. Overall, you have a classic American Prairie School ranch house as filtered through the lens of 20th century suburban domestic architecture, with the long, low silhouette, the narrow band of windows, and the deep overhanging eaves. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_School So you want to go with classic American flowers and plants, things with soft, loose outlines like rudbeckia, coneflower, phlox, petunias. You want to avoid overly formal things like clipped boxwoods or rigorously pruned privets. Get with the Master Gardeners at the extension office for ideas for specific plants, they LOVE picking out plants for people.
Not a recommendation, just a "well, there it is." What did you search under? I used "watering timers". &gt;preferably under 50 dollars Probably going to be more. http://www.amazon.com/Orbit-56233D-3-Outlet-Digital-Watering/dp/B004PVK4GK/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1433593023&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=watering+timers &gt;*Watering frequency from every 6 hrs up to every 7th day* http://www.amazon.com/MELNOR-4-Zone-Digital-Water-Timer/dp/B0094KM4VK/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1433593023&amp;sr=8-4&amp;keywords=watering+timers
Anything you would cook on a grill. This is a good primer. http://www.thekitchn.com/kitchen-basics-how-to-use-your-112585
Know that weeds will sprout in a week or two from your bare dirt, because (A) Nature abhors a vacuum, and (B) Life...uh, finds a way. So in order to maintain your scorched earth policy, you're going to have to keep scorching the earth. The kill-everything is Roundup (glyphosate) and this includes bushes, trees, and flowers that you may like. And also your neighbor's bushes, trees, and flowers that he may like, when spray drift carries it over into his yard. So do your spraying on a non-windy day.
Your best starting point is your county extension office. They have a federal mandate to help homeowners with garden problems, and their Master Gardeners just love to hand out advice. They will have plant lists, schedules, guides, all kinds of stuff. All free of charge, Your Tax Dollars At Work. Call them on Monday. http://cesanmateo.ucanr.edu/
[Potato eyes.](https://www.google.com/search?q=potato+eye&amp;biw=1067&amp;bih=498&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=fzd0Vb6fEIWzyATg4YHwBA&amp;ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ) The bumps on the skin that sprout and then grow into potato plants. I don't know if yours are too small to plant, I have not had much experience with growing potatoes. But if they have eyes, they will at least sprout. The question is whether a tiny potato has enough starch to fund adequate top growth.
Keep your grass cut short, or get rid of it and put in flowerbeds, pathways, and mulch.
Just FYI, it's not Trader Joe's fault. http://www.clemson.edu/extension/peach/afg_columns/numerous_factors_affect_peach_quality.html &gt;*Water availability is most critical during the stage III (final swell) phase of fruit growth. Limited water availability during this phase may cause fruit to be smaller and “sweeter” while too much water may cause fruit to have a thinner cuticle and a higher percentage of water loss after harvest.* During the swell phase, water is critical. Too little and you get small but sweet peaches. Too much, and you get what you bought at Trader Joe's--insipid peaches. The most logical explanation is that they sourced these peaches from one of the places where it was raining non-stop during the month of May. So it's not their fault. Blame Mother Nature. Or global warming, whichever you prefer. :D
First you need an ID. Head on over to /r/whatsthisplant and to /r/marijuanaenthusiasts (yes, really). It looks like it might be winterkill to me, depending on what it is.
No, actually, landscape fabric is very difficult to roll out after everything is planted, because you have to cut holes for the plants in it as you go along. It's much easier to cut your holes first, then lay it down and plant things into the holes.
No worries, not an issue.
A single 7" high layer is fine, mainly because potting mix is not cheap. No need to dig down into the dirt, but do cover any grass or weeds with cardboard before you add your potting mix, to smother them out. By the time your plants need to send their roots down into the dirt under your raised bed, the cardboard will have rotted down.
Roses don't need a lot of fussy care, so I'd trim off the obviously crispy-brown-and-dead bits, give it a dose of either rosebush fertilizer, or a big double handful of rich compost, and then leave it alone while you get on with your other gardening projects. You might also mulch around it with a few inches of shredded bark, because not only will this improve moisture-retention, but also it will help to delineate where it is, so as to avoid mowing it down by accident, which is a thing that happens to straggly roses. Which direction does the house wall face?
Triple sheet of newspaper works well, too. Any mulch, really. This year, pull your weeds as they appear, before they have a chance to flower and set seed.
A tomato is a tropical perennial vine. Unless it's killed by frost, it will keep growing and growing, basically forever, as long as the sunlight, water, and nutrients last. In temperate zones with cold winters, gardeners are accustomed to seeing their tomato plants grow to maybe 6 feet high (if they do it right lol) over the course of a summer. But in a greenhouse, all bets are off. Gardeners at Disney's Epcot have trained a single tomato vine into a room-filling tree. No special techniques here, just the vine continually growing and putting out new branches, and the gardeners deciding where to put them. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/WqjzP6w.jpg)
The chemicals that make lettuce taste bad to people are the same chemicals that make it taste bad to bugs and caterpillars. It's a defense mechanism on the part of the plant.
&gt;should i hold of on transferring the pods to a pot for now? Pods? Aren't they individual seedlings?
For edibles, anything that you consume for its leaves--spinach, all kinds of greens, swiss chard, all the lettuces. Bear in mind that they'll grow more slowly than they would if they were in full sun, but the important thing is that they'll grow at all. Tomatoes or peppers would simply get leaves, but no flowers or fruit. Root veg includes carrots, beets, turnips, radishes, etc.
Well, they're born pregnant, yanno. A single aphid can repopulate the entire rose bush all by herself in a few days. It's not enough to do it "from time to time", ya gotta keep after it, or you'll never catch up. Daily is ideal.
**PART THE SECOND** Now, it's time for reconnaissance. With the jungle, you couldn't see what you were doing. Hopefully some of it has been decimated so you can get in there and see. BTW, triclopyr is chemically similar to 2,4,5-T, which was one-half of Agent Orange. I give you permission to play "Ride of the Valkyries" while you do this. Go around the house. You're looking for something: trunks. You want to locate every trunk and stem that's coming out of the ground. Think of it as looking for the Alien Queen's nest. Don't cut them, just mark them on the soil with some kind of bright spray paint or something, so you can find them again easily. Don't paint the trunks because that's where the weedkiller is going to go, and you don't want to seal off any cells or bark. Spray the ground. Be aware that many people get a rash from handling trumpet vine, so cover up for this. Especially watch your face, as the vines will whip around. Once you have them all marked, you're going to move into Phase 2: The Shreddening (aka "Stem Injection Frilling or Hack-and-Squirt" but I like "The Shreddening" better). You want some undiluted concentrate in a squirt bottle, and some kind of sharp tool with which to shred, score, and otherwise rip up the bark on each and every stem and trunk that comes out of the ground. I use an old serrated pruning saw to scratch the bark all up. A steak knife or old serrated bread knife works. Girdle the stem, too. Pour that good stuff all over the torn bark and cambium, getting it into the cuts. On vigorous, mature plants, this works better than the cut-stump-and-paint technique, because when you cut the stump, the cells immediately begin to close it off, and there's a very short window of time for the stump to absorb the herbicide. And besides, you're reserving that for Phase 3, should you need it. Now, if you want to, to spare your collateral damage, you can skip Phase 1 with the hose-end sprayer, and go straight to The Shreddening. However, IME, with vines of this size and maturity, it's better if you soften it up first with some spraying, start getting those biochemical processes all fucked up. But if the idea of dousing your entire property with herbicide is disturbing, that's fine. It will just take longer this way. So, you go around and administer weedkiller concentrate to the cuts, making sure to work quickly while the cuts are still fresh, before the cells have a chance to seal them off. Then you wait another couple of weeks. By this time you should be seeing major dieback, but you need to give it time to finish dying. You won't really know it's dead until it's summer 2018 (yes, that's not a typo, 2018, two years after the next presidential election) and it hasn't come back. So when you see new branches coming out of a trunk (and AS SOON AS you see them, not "next weekend" or "pretty soon now" or "when we get back from vacation"), you do Phase 3: The Stumpening. You probably can't do Phase 2 again because it's all shredded to heck. This is where you cut off the vine, snip it right off with loppers, pruners, or a pruning saw, and paint or squirt concentrate on the cut end of the stump, again, working quickly before the cells can seal it off. If you see some spots where another Shreddening would be productive, go for it. Cut it off about 12" above the ground. This leaves you room to re-do The Stumpening an inch lower down, should you need to in the future. If, at any time in this process, you see new shoots coming directly out of the ground, you can either spray them with a standard dose of the weedkiller from an ordinary ready-to-use sprayer (like the gallon size you can buy at Walmart, no need to get out the hose-end sprayer for a single shoot), or simply snip them off with the pruners. They are evidence of the plant's last stand. It's giving up on the existing top growth and is trying to reboot itself from the roots. Weedkiller will give it an additional dose of poison; snipping it off will simply remove its photosynthesis from the equation. But whichever, do *something*. Don't be like, Oh, huh, there's another shoot. Get *after* it, snip that motherfucker off with the kid's kindergarten Fiskars from the dining room table if nothing else. So, this is your life until summer 2018. Eternal vigilance. Health risks: Are cumulative. So every time you spray it with the hose-end sprayer, wear your complete hazmat outfit. Every time you spray it with the little sprayer, wear your goggles, face mask, and gloves. Every time you're mixing it or squirting it, wear gloves. Triclopyr is not a likely human carcinogen. http://npic.orst.edu/factsheets/triclotech.pdf Glyphosate is not a likely human carcinogen. http://www.epa.gov/iris/subst/0057.htm The only herbicide-free way to remove this is by continually cutting it down. Go around the house and cut off everything at ground level. Repeat every time you see any new growth--cut it off. With a Sleeping Beauty castle's worth of big, old trumpet vine like you have, this is going to take a long, long, long time. That fucker has 20 to 30 years' worth of carbs stored, easily, and that's assuming that you're super-proactive in cutting off every shoot that you see as soon as you see it. Herbicide makes it all so much quicker.
Ok, well, badgers then.
Just stack 2 or 3 of them up in front of the dirt. They don't need to be buried. Inertia and gravity will hold them in front of the dirt. Or you could use cinder blocks, bricks, whatever. It's not that big a slope and there's not that much dirt to hold back. It's more to prevent soil from washing out endlessly than it is to hold back soil per se.
Ants are a normal component of your garden's ecosystem, and as long as they're not fire ants, and as long as they aren't farming aphids on your plants, there's no reason to do anything about them. Ants are frequently found walking up and down tomato stems, but with no aphids around. My theory, unsupported by anything, because "there are ants on my tomato stems" so far has not attracted the scientific research community, is that the sticky tomato sap, along with its tiny hairs, attracts and traps miniscule insects that the ants are eating. Or possibly it's the tomato sap itself. If you've checked your tomato thoroughly, all stems and undersides of all leaves, and you're not seeing any soft, fat-bodied, green, yellow, orange, white, black, or brown tiny bugs just sitting there with ants dancing attendance on them, then you have ants walking up and down your tomato stems.
See if any of this rings a bell. http://www.gardeningknowhow.com/ornamental/flowers/calla-lily/drooping-calla-lilies.htm
&gt;As cantaloups like warm soil, make sure you speed the warming process by covering the ground with plastic film or weed matting prior to planting. This is only for areas with cold winters and short summers. &gt;use a nitrogen fertilizer to force blooming. Actually you need phosphorus and potassium for bloom, not nitrogen. &gt;But how to know when is the fruit fully rippen and ready to harvest? First of all the rinds begin to change from green to tan or yellow and there is the wonderful fragrance they develop when they are ready to pick. Too complicated. All you need to know is that when it's ripe, it will slip easily from the stem with only the gentlest tug. Not coming off? It's not ready.
Cool. TIL.
On a rub for BBQ meat, it's easier to combine a powder with the other powders you're using. Also for sprinkling on popcorn. Other than that, it's mainly about convenience, yes.
It means you're keeping your cactus too wet. If it's wet enough for mushroom spores, it's far too wet for cactus. Water it only after it has been completely dried out for at least a week to 10 days. It also means you have potted your cactus in rich organic soil, not in sandy, gritty succulent mix. The mushroom is feeding on the organic matter in the soil. Stop watering it now for 10 days and the 'shroom will go away. And I'd repot it, once it's dried out, in some regular succulent mix.
