I don't think I know the answer to that one. I've never seen any version with a sappy ending, only the one where he is captive, gone crazy and living in a fantasy world. I simply can't imagine changing the ending and whoever would do such a thing (along with the ones that approved it) should be drawn and quartered.
&gt;Why? Because things change. I'm not opposed to monogamy just not so into marriage. I'm a 49F (also childfree) currently in a 10yr monogamous LTR, I have also been in a 6yr LTR and a 3yr. I prefer to keep finances separate from my SO, I always have so if/when the breakup happens it makes for easy splitting. I've had several reasons in the past for no marriage, but it mostly comes down to 'things change' and there's no reason to make things more complicated then they need to be. just fyi, this sub isn't very active so don't expect too many responses here.
This is definitely toned down from blue, this looks like it should be a natural color for humans. :)
Required sign in I'm not doing on mobile. Can someone paste the article here?
OP, did this happen to you?
Sit in a straight backed chair instead of on the floor.
This is over the line for people? The whole required bank account did it for me a long time ago.
&gt;no reason Ya, except for statistics on sexual assault literally everywhere that say this is probably the case.
This sounds interesting.
hot.
oh my, if I were in the same room with her I would turn into a blithering fool.
Ibuprofen is for reducing inflammation, acetaminophen is for reducing pain.
Calm down there sparky, this isn't politics this is logistics for a meet-up and info for a FB page.
ya, I tried turning it it's just not working out for me. thanks though.
The EPA is a fucking joke.
&gt; tried a hitachi once As far as I'm concerned this is like the briggs and stratton of vibrators, this would be overkill by a thousand for me and would kill any chance I might have to get off. Maybe try something a bit more gentle by a few orders of magnitude.
http://i.imgur.com/0tCz6ZJ.gif
and that's why they make [THESE](http://www.amazon.com/Adjustable-Window-Screen-25-1-White/dp/B00395J2IE)
Insurance better cover that shit the same as viagra.
welp, I would rather hear what someone experienced has to say on this than winging it any day.
&gt;underdone they are still in the pan cooking.
&gt;To me when people say I dont act black or am white Hopefully these were children that were/are saying these things to you and as you head into the adult world you will leave much of this behind. I unfortunately don't have much advice other than to seek out educated and well rounded folks that appreciate you for you and not a skin color or stereotype that you don't seem to fill for them. Also maybe a visit to /r/blackfellas and /r/racism with this could give you some good input.
On the dance floor, at a party, at a music festival, at a former job.
this is an advertisement.
It used to be banned here not sure when things changed, I definitely don't like it especially when it isn't tagged appropriately .
We eat 3-4 whole eggs cooked different ways in about 2-3teaspoons of butter with a large side of sauteed greens (kales,arugula, spinach, bok choy) using a tablespoon (or more) of coconut oil. This is our standard and has been for a few years, virtually no carbs, plenty of healthy fats and we don't get hungry for at least 4hrs.
how about the whole track instead of 2min of it?
Yep, /r/asexual is waiting for you.
Eric could be a nod monty python as well, eric the half-bee.
Isn't 123 a bit underweight for someone 5'9''? I'm 5'5'' and that's a low end on charts for me.
&gt; Only to the caffeine in coffee. well you might want to consider that you could also have a reaction to the caffeine in tea as well.
Its too bad everyone thinks that sub is a huge joke.
Isnt voat a thing as well?
&gt; homeless in a Siberian winter. Yep, I never have and I never will. Me and the type of person that wants an HOA are destined to never get along.
I remember back 20yrs ago when we would go to Landmark because it was good.
&gt; subscribers of that sub decided that anytime a brand or corporation name is mentioned that should make a post about it Actually no, it's been that way from the beginning. It was always in the sidebar that any mention of a product can be considered advertising. Just seems people want to think it was different for some reason.
Has nothing to do with paranoia, just dealing with reality. The marketers and advertisers have known these things as facts for years it seems it will take a while before everyone else understands it.
Totally a bro.
from the wiki: *Recent studies of Allegro's work have given new supporting linguistic evidence and led to calls for his theories to be re-evaluated by the mainstream* http://www.egodeath.com/WassonEdenTree.htm http://www.amazon.com/Failed-God-Fractured-Fragile-World/dp/1583942742
True as your statement might be this probably isn't the right place for it. Psychedelics haven't quite acheived their due in the mental health or medical field, though things do look very promising for the future.
My short experience with snakes has been two rescues one of which was neglected, ill-fed, and never handled in 8yrs. This one, an albino King, came to me emaciated, scared and very bitey (bit me several times two not letting go for over 20min). Now after 4mon she has doubled in size, is calm, likes to be held and is very curious. My second I've just gotten a few days ago is a 2y/o Ball who was given up because of being nervous and bitey as well. This one seems a breeze compared to the King, gives plenty of warning when it's not the right time to handle, defensive postures, hissing, and tail rattle. Balls are very docile in general and most people say getting the right environment with proper heat and food will do much to calm down most any of them. There are plenty of 'used' snakes out there being passed on because of other circumstances besides temperament; people moving, family members don't like them, too much work, not what they expected. It's pretty easy to find a snake with a full set up for less than half what it would be in a store. There are health concerns you would want to be aware of so do some research. I think I've been lucky with mine that they haven't ended up with any issues especially since they were free.
&gt;spacedicks they're just gross and crazy with no direction not something most people want to partake in but not really harmful to a specific group so not really the same as the other subs.
I'm on here more than most people, been here for several years yet have not seen this until today. Go figure.
&gt; posted on twitter oh my.
which is crazy to me when people are at an e**D**m show.
Dangerous Liasons
This is the correct explaination, too bad people refuse to hear it.
&gt;Please direct all inquiries to contact@reddit.com What does this mean? Should we ask why we can no longer post in this sub?
Actually 40 is near the end but even then there are plenty of women who have children in their early 40s and beyond.
This is cool, thanks.
