Whether you go for the yeard or not is not that important. The question is why go back to being a boy when you're successful looking like a man?
" [G]oing from 65 to 68 or 70,” he [Jebb b} added. “And that, by itself, will help sustain the retirement system for anybody under the age of 40.” Anyone else catch the unstated subtext to this statement? To me it's obvious that he is excluding raising the limit on wages subject to SS withholding--and lifting that, even eliminating that,--that would only effect the wealthiest--is contrary to the Bush Doctrine of protect the rich at the expense of the average guy, who must now toil in the Bush Field for 3 to 5 years longer before becoming eligible. That's just not fair, but it's very "Bush!"
Yet again, jingoistic foreign policy, but absolutely no realistic way to pay for it--and that attitude raised the debt level of the US because of the unwarranted intrusion into Iraq, a Cheney "accomplishment!" For me, unless these old guys who want war shouldn't be able to send the young to fight for the old guys' "priniciples" unless they state up front how they--and this includes their personal wallets--intend to pay for it.
At least you didn't panic and take it back to the wood, and that would have been worse and made the Shaver's Remorse harder. Congrats on no panic!
*“If I’m president of the United States and you’re thinking about joining Al Qaeda or ISIL, I’m not going to call a judge,” he said. “I’m going to call a drone, and we will kill you.”* No judge, no third party intervention to make sure your intel is right about the intent, it's more Republican shoot, fire, aim policy--it got us into Iraq. "Tough guy" jingoistic nonsense. Oh, and how is he paying for his "tough guy" policy--strangely quiet on that I think, maybe not so strange but just plain dishonest.
Raising the payroll cap alone, or eliminating it would do everything that's necessary--and more. No need to go after investment income, a tricky thing to try to assess anyway.
Facing boldly to the past, he tries to move his candidacy forward. Time, ideas and reality wait for no man, even if he is an elected US Senator. He's now a man whom time &amp; history have passed by.
Well, then what is an "investment?" One of the largest for most Americans is their home--should profits on the sale of homes be subject to SS? How do you distinguish between an interest in a cooperative apartment and a home, does it matter if property is held for rental? It's a whole wide area and so it's a matter of practicality, wages yes, investments--too convoluted unless absolutely necessary.
Memo to Santorum: "Physician" heal thyself!
Next time you get that compulsion, put down the scissors and trimmer and say, "Never shave below the ears!" Nice growth, will be better with a little more length.
A man cannot have "too much facial hair"!
Certainly seems to have caved--but no one, but no one can trace ISIL, AlQuada in Iraq (didn't exist until post 9/11) and other Sunni reaction groups to Paul Bremer's Order #2, a hamfisted declaration that pushed the Sunni's out of power in Iraq without adequate consideration of the relationship between Sunni &amp; Shia and their history. Solely a Republican creation, everything Obama has done is cleaning up the "shitstorm" created by Order #2.
How can Obama change 1300 years of hate between Sunni &amp; Shia--just as the Shia were excluded during the Sunni/albeit Baathist period under Saddam &amp; also under his Hasshimite predecessors, they weren't going to change their spots either, so they excluded the Sunni's--hate beyond most people's understanding and not unique to the Islamic world (think Catholic/Protestant in Northern Ireland). Order#2 dove right into that struggle and apparently hadn't thought a thing about the possibility of problems. Urging doesn't change deeply seated conflicts such as that. Shia once gaining control wanted and sought payback.
Exactly--just more of what we have come to expect from the pandering to hate talk of GOP candidates to stir up the red neck vote--after all, why not, poor taste costs no more!
Count yourself lucky--a lot of us had it move from the top of our head to our back, etc, even ears.
Good to choose a barber who sports facial hair. Maybe you should consider his haircut if your receding hairline doesn't stop! ;-)
Is "trust" an undefined metric as posed in the question more or less important that intelligence--a less subjective test. I'll go with intelligence any day of the week.
It's a sad twist on The Man of LaMancha--The "Man" of Louisiana has delusions of the impossible dream. What this article fails to mention that insofar as voter appeal, Pyiush brings with him his ratings by the voters of Louisiana, who hold him in the lowest regard compared to all other states.
someone is several sandwiches short of the picnic at /r/rateme!
The creation of ISIS/ISIL has a start point, Order #2 by Paul Bremer which dissolved the Iraqi army on the excessively simplistic basis that all members of the Baath party were to be essentially disenfranchised no matter the reason for membership. This hamfisted policy arose out of arrogant ignorance of the Sunni/Shia division in Islam, a division dating nearly 1300 years. Seemingly W and his henchmen such as Wolfowitz "thought" the Iraqi's just wanted to be more like Texas! Well they learned that Iraq isn't Texas, and that the destruction of the Sunni government would lead to a Shia government with significant corruption and a whole lot of unemployed Sunni military who had nothing to lose by joining forces and protecting their interests. Bush didn't "help" he willingly and through avoidable ignorance lit the match--and now it will flame for decades.
Yes, stupidity as the underlying foundation. As for profits, they thought they would gain effective control of the Iraqi oil industry and thus "control" the oil price independent of the Saudis.
Well, W's library is extensive, both books, including the one he didn't finish coloring!
ISIS takes place in an area strongly dealt with by WWI &amp; II, but the match that lit the tinder box was Order #2, it enabled the Shia to dominate the society, and to settle sectarian scores brewing for hundreds and hundreds of years.
Exactly, I'd estimate 30% at a minimum of the men at mine are bearded in one form or another.
Colin Powell got Bushwacked by W &amp; his henchmen. Particularly offensive was sending him to the UN with bad information when they knew it was bad. Powell was very much in line with those like Elliott Richardson in the Watergate scandal--he believed and knew that his duty was to the Nation &amp; Constitution and not the current AH sitting in the Oval Office. Scary that these massive lapses in honesty always happen with one party!
Well, the beard will repair itself given some thoughtful neglect--the barber however probably never will learn to respect the beard.
They do a lot in Texas, but reading isn't one of them. Just because this country had one president imposed on them by the Supreme Court and hoodwinked into reelecting him, doesn't mean that it will happen again--we hope. Enough of showing that anyone can become President.
Since the Pontifex Maximus has his scientific credentials, perhaps the "devout" but nevertheless stupid Santorum should leave religious preaching to the clergy and not attempt to impose his beliefs on others through the agency of government unless he can show his credentials in religious and ethical disciplines.
Beards are a huge component of self confidence and respect and when a man has confidence and respect, he takes good care of himself--you're the poster-man for beards for health.
Exactly, but the Bush family's financial support interests don't want to pay on their inflated salaries--Jeb is in line to try to be their third spokesman--too bad Nancy Regan didn't prevail and keep 41 out of office.
Yup, couldn't stand them. During Regan's term in office she only had them to the WH when it was absolutely necessary. Don't know why she was so prescient of the Bush character, but she was against the nomination from the getgo. They had tried to get Jerry Ford to sign on, but that didn't pay out. So, at they turned to GHWB, and Nancy was not happy.
And Pyiush again demonstrates he's the leader conservative America wants, a guy who fearlessly takes positions that have no relevance to Americans, and could limit the ability of American manufacturers who would persist in ignoring the metric system. But, the pound is a pound the world around and with Bobby, there's no bigger fool to be found.
Well, in defense of the few of us with operative (we hope) brains, Jindal did close the mental hospitals--now it's clear it was just a vote generating scheme.
Well, hetero it maybe, but the chief difference between Republicans and Democrats seem to be that the Democrats get it free,l and the Republicans pay for it, but maybe that's a building jobs concept.
So there wasn't an "Indian" system here! Surprising.
Yeah, but we went decimal/"metric" with our currency and junked shillings pence, pounds etc.
Exactly--also there is a pun trying to form in my mind of the oldest profession in the world working with guys who are also paid to assume a given position! I guess it's different when the Koch Bros. are paying! (OMG another potential pun!)
Why not?
Well, it's Hypocrisy Be Thy Name, his father's pompous moral preaching is somewhat drawn into question when sonnyboy, who must have gone to Sunday School in his father's church, believes that this is "acting". Fat, bad--really bad--toupee. Another Republican who can't get it free showing what he thinks needs to happen to get a little!
Well if you want to look like a man, yes, but if you want to look like a boy, nope, not by a long shot.
Whatever the brand is, this Independent won't buy it or even walk across the street or down the block to look at it.
Then they act "surprised" when there is violence "started" by the Palestinians. It's an "invaded" area, and this does nothing to help the Israeli image in the civilized world. Do they care?
I understand the current government, but we here in the states don't hear much about the decent Israelis who oppose this treatment and recognize that it is self-defeating and contrary to the long term survival of the state--that is a failure of our news services.
I don't see a problem with the beard either, but if you want to look younger, a short buzz, even shaved above the ears, would take ten years off your appearance.
So why did you take a job with Schick or Gillette anyway?
This woman is the Queen of Trailer Trash!
Sounds like he believes in getting the votes in the pews! Wonder if he receives communion in the pentacostal church? That would set most priests' and bishops' teeth on edge--after all they don't recognize the ministers of those sects as having been ordained in the manner of the historic apostolic faith professed by Romans, Orthodox and Anglicans.
Good point, but does that support the US persisting in a position of remaining on a charming but archaic system--particularly when it results in our young being trained in a system that ultimately they will have to abandon if they wish to take part in a global economy?
The use of the arpent was all but abandoned in the mid-19th century--it was most frequently used for large tracts of ground. Those tracts are now described in feet and inches, just as at some time in the future they will be described in meters &amp; hectares. The US will use metric, it's a question of time.
Jindal's position that his low recognition percentage when he first ran for governor account and excuse his current numbers is as looney as the run itself. His low numbers now do not relate to his recognition factor, they relate to the low assessment of his performance as Governor. Just today in the same issue of the paper as this article is an advertisement setting forth the danger of closing hospitals due to his budgetary nonsense for the last 8 years. For a guy who trumpeted himself as a health care specialist--he's significantly damaged health care in the State.
