&gt; I'm merely being pedantic Yet your whinging about other people being autists?
Do you use public transport or work near one? They are far from out of site and out of mind. In many of them, particularly around community housing, being mugged on a Wednesday afternoon is hardly unheard of.
Do you have time to build a fort line along the german border? Maybe iff you hold up the soviets enough then america will liberate germany instead of the soviets.
It's a shame, it's a fuck load better than facebook.
&gt; Admirable goals but ecoterrorism is the wrong way to go about it. Can you suggest a better approach? Peaceful protest just gets ignored.
&gt; reef as a human shield Yep, nothing misleading in that statement!
So play the game by their rules only with less money and resources? I'm sure that'll work!
By greek catholics do the mean orthodox? When did the name change?
&gt; If Shorten had approached them simply to encourage this outcome, then it may have happened sooner. As it stands, he's probably delayed the decision. So it's Shortens fault that the Liberals don't support marriage equality?
He was waiting for you to get out of the shower, giving you priority on the hot water and this is the thanks he gets?
I love the metric system as much as the next guy, but how is it relevant here?
&gt; Mistakes happen. I'd rather a legal court decide, rather than "Minister says so" This is the big one that automatically makes it a bad idea. &gt;If they are remorseful, like some of the current ones are, they may be a useful tool to help prevent further people going to train. This is exactly what courts do, revocation of citizenship could be considered the maximum sentence.
You know there are a number of factors, such as voter turnout and lack of preference voting that make the UK a lot harder to accurately predict than Australia right?
&gt; I would like to see the peer reviewed studies on this issue before I make up my mind There's been a number of them now. All report vaping being damaging to your lungs. One or two even came to the conclusion that it's more damaging. Edit - Fine some citations: * [Vaping may have a cancer risk 5 to 15 times higher than than long term smoking](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMc1413069?query=featured_home&amp;&amp;#t=article) * [Ecigs cause a 58% increase in macrophage infiltration](http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0116861#abstract0)
[Google](https://www.google.com.au/). They pop up from time to time and I don't take that much interest in it.
&gt; When I took my first programming class in 1971, I found it very easy. But, I noticed the other students struggling and dropping out The problem now is that they complete their degrees and some of them end up in the industry. Fail early isn't just for programs.
&gt; one person may at one point hold 2 variables in their head, while another person can at one point hold 5 variables in their head And the former will produce cleaner code. You don't want to take over maintenance from the "genius" that can hold 50 variables in his head.
Freedom fighters don't attack civilians.
But if several polls all jump 2-3% then there is probably a cause, more so if it remains at that level.
&gt; Why is he an idiot? They spent millions of dollars on original content available solely to the subscribers. Why not use the userbase it to show off the quality content you are producing? It's like marketing 101. Because /u/DaltoniusRex suggestion accomplishes exactly the same thing in a less intrusive way. Netflix got to their position by being convenient and pleasant to use. If they stop that then it's back to torrenting.
Not for me, it doesn't understand a word I say!
I expect this from the mainstream media. What really annoys me is that the ABC repeats it.
*Generic down vote for stupid comment*
I didn't even realize this until about 5 years after I was over it, I only really went out of habit.
And? When the government stopped reporting there was no source of information to keep it going. If the government had really "STOPPED THE BOATS" they wouldn't be hiding all their information would they?
We have zero information to say whether lives have been saved or not.
Plus you can buy a copy of the wind waker for just $99! I think it was only actually $80 on launch, more than a decade ago.
Yes it should be. Let's start with ensuring 457 and student visas can speak functional English.
&gt; but does every worker on your project need to be Mozart or Einstein No, but they need to have moved beyond paint by numbers. &gt;One that says "programming schools should stop emitting programmers who cant program adequately". We aren't just talking about graduates here. It's often "professional" developers with several years of experience.
&gt; I would assume Zeppelin (air ship) would be the least polluting method for mass transit. However the problem is Air ships cannot move at 600+ Mph like Boeing air buses. I'm not sure if that's a safe bet, it faces air resistance from a much bigger surface area.
Links above.
Links above.
Citations edited in.
&gt; Maybe if english was our official language, but it's not. You probably wouldn't know that if you didn't speak english! Either way, it is our de facto official language.
&gt; Yep, but not an official language. We really have no right to force it on people trying to become Australians. We aren't forcing them, we're talking about making it a condition to become an Australian citizen. The choice is entirely theirs.
Air resistance involves area, speed and weight. A piece of paper encounters quite a bit of resistance at low speeds for instance, fold the paper into a plane and it slices through very easily.
&gt; If there is no way around that to become an Australian citizen, that is force. There is no forcing involved. These are our conditions, either comply or not, completely up to the individual.
&gt;and universities do not accept students who have not met a certain score in this HAHAHAHA!
Nope, your just using the word incorrectly.
&gt; The IETLS test is already a requirement for any visa applicants from nonnative-English countries, you dumb dog-whistling fuckstick. She forgot to specify, we should have a *useful* test!
If you want to live in a foreign enclave why migrate anyway?
A different set of standards needs to apply to refugees, such as mandatory classes until proficiency is obtained.
&gt; To apply for a PR visa you need to prove you are efficient in English. Proficient? And the test is a joke.
It's not useful because people can pass it and still be completely incapable of communicating in English.
A german engineer wouldn't work for a 457 salary.
Which is bullshit, anyone can buy a pass on one of those exams.
Then the test is incredibly easy and in no way useful, judging by the results. More likely the ones that know they'll fail have someone else take it for them.
What do I base it on? I base it on the amount of people I've worked with that have apparently passed this test for their 457 and/or education visa and can't speak a lick of English.
And I can tell you that passing in no way means someone who can speak English. Source: wprked with lots of people that somehow "passed" this test.
If that's the case then we need to change the enforcement of the test to one we have control ovee because the current system obviously isn't working.
