Prince Fielder had a pretty damn good month as well. But no Kip deserved it
Alright so I'm a summer day camp counselor and there is a kid at the camp who is cheering for the Warriors to win the series because he knows it bugs people. My god is this kid a shit head I heard nothing but trash talk all day. I would throw a jab or two back but considering I'm the adult in the situation I couldn't just belittle him
How about an anti joke!!....how much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to mall your face off if you ever ran into one!! :D
Broham whenever I post anything semi criticizing Manziel I get down voted to hell and deemed a "hater". It's a lot more than 5-6
Bitonio was a 2nd rounder. It's not like it's unexpected for a 2nd or 3rd rounder to contribute day 1 but u understand what your saying
Assuming Smith isn't hurt that bad, I wouldn't mind him or Bosa for the Browns. If with their first two picks the Browns could snag two of the following three it would be great. Bosa, Smith, Thomas And I'm not an OSU fan in the slightest
they need a pass rush as well
If you're gonna repost, you should prob wait at least a day
Madden 16 is the latest one. Why would you go back to a previous madden?
So if the wheels fall off the kart with the next guy do we fire then immediately to? I mean fuck why not keep Pett because it's not like we can get any worse
We need Tennessee to win
I want him or Jaylon Smith (depending on how bad his injury is)
He has been playing a lot better the past few games
Check literally any other thread on the sub
Gonna guess somebody from Bleacher Report
Nah they are getting yelled at by O'Neil as we speak
Can we see some Pryor at QB because why the fuck not
Johnny "Angstey Teen" Manziel
Please no
we go from "High School Mike" to "College Chip"...one more regime and maybe we will finally get an NFL caliber HC
Wait no flag?
Like I said, the whole "Pett has lost locker room" is just untrue. We just don't have any talent
He's not trolling. Anything that is anti-Manziel is not trolling.
broham i've been downvoted on this sub for saying the Johnny the passer didn't play well against KC and I hope he bounces back. So yes. Literally any valid criticism on Johnny gets downvoted
I stand with Joe. Manziel should have at least been in the locker room to support his team
We also don't give coaches longer then two years to build a team. We never give a QB more than 16 games to develop. We have a Jerry Jones wanna be for an owner. Next to no play-makers on either side of the ball. We will have this same conversation next year
Good, he belongs on the bench
Who the hell are these guys?!?!?
I mean to be fair that was a time where everyone felt we were gonna go 9-7, 10-6, have a top 5 defense, and fight for a wild card spot.
Same old song and dance every year. I'll be waiting for your next statement next season
they said he will have the final say over the roster but he wont be involved in talent acquisition.....WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?!? this sounds dysfunctional already
WHy is everyone hating on Marrone? Is it because he left Buffalo to try and find a better job? record wise 6-10 in year 1 then 9-7 in year two seems like improvement in the right direction to me. Why the hate?
Sean Payton not Peyton Manning
He says we are gonna get what we drafted yet yesterday he refused to go into the game, he has played like shit all season, and we were trying him.at WR earlier this year. Fuck you Justin Gilbert, fuck you
Built a too defense with the Bills, took the Lions to the playoffs...yes please
so leading the league in receiving while only playing 12 games isn't elite. gtfo troll....or should i say u/740Buckeye??
https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3zacvj/report_browns_could_make_another_run_at_chip/cyln233 you're caught in a lie broham
"just lurked a lot"....is a redditor for 2 days -_-
you do know what creating an account to get past a ban means don't you?
Yup
I agree but he prob won't. He has no connection to the Browns move , so he has no idea how the fans felt so he prob has no sympathy
NT/DT are hard to judge because there impact isn't seen on the stat sheet. It seems like most of the big running plays that we got gashed for were to the outside. He played a lot better over the last 3 or 4 weeks
Day 1 dlc is just a fancy way of saying "hey look at this extra stuff that is already on the disc/in the coding that we are gonna charge you for" Either finish the product or release the unfinished content 3 months later bigger and better than you and it envisioned.I dont want the unfinished content because it is by definition unfinished.
I would love Coughlin. Dick LeBeau is 78 and still going strong, why not Coughlin!
I think the majority of people want to draft Bosa.
Who cares? Manziel is as good as gone. Good riddance!!
I'd be interested for a 5th rounder or lower
God I would love to see a Kirk Cousins vs Brian Hoyer super bowl.
You thought QB drama was ally. You merely adopted QB drama. Us Browns fans were born in it. Molded by it. We haven't seen a real QB since....uhm....
yeah that was prob the last real QB we had.
