It depends. Do you want it to last, or do you want to cheap out on routine maintenance?
you can drive it in the US on canadian tags all you want (well, for a couple months atleast, given you are a canadian citizen). Question is whether one of those is legal in canada or not.
oh and RHD doesn't matter at all. My triumph was RHD, and many mail jeeps are as well.
if they give you 20k trade in, likely they will be in it another grand with a detail, inspection, etc. I see the accords advertise at $21.9k w/ incentives. So would you sell a car for the same price as a new one if it was used?
Well go ahead and give it a try then. Just temper your expectations more reasonably. It has to be a good deal for everyone. The dealer has no incentive to take a trade-in that they will lose money on.
I don't think they are trying to scam you. You got a tax break based on your trade-in value. Basically you only pay sales tax on the difference. However since it was a lease, you don't get this tax break. If it was a dealership that handles leases, this should never have happened. If they don't normally handle leases, then i can understand the mistake. You aren't obligated to keep the car in this situation, but it's kind of a dick move to not pay the taxes you owe.
in house loans are usually contingent upon someone living in the same county, just sayin.
i'll even ya out here with an upvote. Kinda sounds like they didn't give all the info.
Why would you let someone borrow your car for 6 months if they aren't trustworthy enough to have already repaired damage like that?
Nice Taco! Those old dell workstations, not so much. I feel your pain if you are in IT and trying to keep those running. We only have 4 and its a weekly chore.
haha.. no shit. My vacuum was a couple grand. But i've bought one set of filters and nothing else in a decade and it gets used multiple times a day. My shop vac at home needs filters every couple months.
aye, and if the dealer wants to chase it, he has to try to get complete payment, which lets be honest, is probably more than anybody who does bhph's net worth.
i've had a couple. Damn good batteries. Interstate's top of the line battery.
It should be on level ground, if it's leaning one way or the other it will become permanent when you bolt those things up.
You can pass inspection probably. The discount ones have the bare minimum platinum in them to make it pass. The more expensive ones will last more than a year or two.
If it is aftermarket it can be hazardous as flammable gasses can build up in the truck, if it's stock it will be vented to outside the truck by the manufacturer and is perfectly safe.
man i've been trying to buy my neighbors for 20 years. He died and his widow scrapped it. I cried.
That's a custom intake and 3 carbs. GoodParts still makes them i think. https://www.goodparts.com/shop/index.php?categoryID=2
I have the Cub Cadet mower in a self propelled walk behind. It has two blades side by side and 4 speeds. Used to take me 2-3 hours to push low my lawn with emptying bags. Now i mulch the whole thing with that bad boy in about half an hour. http://www.cubcadet.com/equipment/cubcadet/walk-behind-mowers/wide-area-walk-behinds/features That said i was looking into the honda harmony or snapper riders because they were the only ones that would fit through my gate (36") but they are fixed deck mowers and won't mow an non-flat lawn well. Anything else was too damn expensive.
not much short of an acre. Its more work than a rider (steering it mostly), but a similar amount of cut and speed for a fraction of the price.
ammonia will also ruin your tint if you have tinted windows. hence why you shouldn't use windex.
yeah. stock tint is inside the glass so it won't hurt it, but better safe than out $250 for a retint.
people always underestimate how much padding, plastic, and safety equipment is in a modern car. Having worked with airbags they are really fucking heavy.
usually only with new cars, not used.
yeah, that's why we dropped autotrader in favor of cars.com. They weight their ads so the premium cost listings show up first and the standard pages that us little guys use get shoved to the back of the bus.
I would have known to skip belgium on my honeymoon. Brussels has pretty buildings, but it is godawful there. Basically piss and garbage running in the street like a 3rd world country.
A Ranger is a very good pickup truck. A tacoma is also a very good pickup truck. They are, however, very different. The Tacoma puts out less power and has a much lighter load rating. 2002 Tacoma 4X4 in a 5 speed with a 3.4 v6 - 190 (generous) hp/18 mpg hwy 2010 Ranger 4X4 5 speed 4.0L v6 - 207 hp/19 mpg hwy In my experience i always got better mileage in the Ranger. It felt like it wasn't working as hard. The Ranger has a stronger frame/steering/suspension and a more powerful motor. The Tacoma has an excellent engine in the 3.4 (1 mpg less than the 2.7 so why not) that will last nearly forever, but the rest of the truck, especially the body, steering, and suspension, will wear out before that. I drive a Toyota now, but a newer ranger is a better choice in the long run. You will get more life out of it for less money. They also do much better in the snow.
Ranger's values are holding very well, and have been for a long time. Just remember they were never as expensive of a truck.
1) 68 GTO 2) 95 F150 3) 73 Triumph GT6 (Still have) 4) 99 Ranger 5) 87 F150 6) 91 F150 7) 96 F250 8) 87 Toyota 9) 94 Toyota (x2) (Still Have, DD + Wheeler) 10) 84 RX7 (Still Have) One of these is not like the others. And yes i kick myself for selling it, but 16 year old me wanted a truck bad.
yeah, i don't think he needs a second opinion on this one but i'll give it anyways. /u/Pretaco is right.
Does it go away when your a/c is off (defrost too since that uses the a/c)?
probably not if the bottom is rotten. Good rule of thumb for cucumbers/everything else is to water when the soil is dry to your second knuckle (an inch or so). Maybe more if you don't live somewhere very wet. Just replant in a new pot with new soil. It's still early enough i think.
Well in my state that's the limit for kids under 16 (aka 12 and up) so honestly you shouldn't be able to get yourself in too much trouble. Use common sense, don't get out of the boat with it running (props are sharp), and other than that don't worry about it. Remember stick left to turn right, and vice-versa, on an outboard. A 10 horse 4 stroke shouldn't scare the fish, especially trolling, but drift or anchor fishing if you're just casting into a hole you'll want to turn it off once you arrive to save gas, etc. Remember the essentials, always have water/food on the boat, simple tools just in case, life jackets, and a whistle. 4 People is a bit crowded, so drop off your gear first.
If you do bake tuna, do it with some sort of glaze or covering to seal in moisture or it'll get dry. Slather it in mayo, lemon zest and dill. it's great and keeps it moist, even if you don't want the mayo topper it just comes right off after your done.
that's easy, its just fishing with the bottom full of stuff thats hard. Just drop off the campin stuff.
I've got a transport broker that'll do it cheap from seattle, takes some time but he's never failed me. PM for more info.
If you touch it up it'll be better than having a big scratch, and worst case scenario you can always get it painted anyways. Instead of using black touchup from autozone, try clearcoat. Thin it out if it's the touch up bottle type, and use a good thin paintbrush not the one in the bottle. You'll be surprised how well it works and how easy it is.
it will absolutely protect against rust. And you would only need black under if it's all the way through the base coat. The thinned clear levels better in the scratch, and will take that white look out of it. If you can see metal in the scratch you'll need color, if not it's just into the clear most of the time. (ps if you don't like how it turns out, wipe it off quickly with lacquer thinner and try again)
not if your careful, it will soften it slightly, so that why you want to do it right away so it comes off easier. It'll harden right back up pretty quickly. I just did a tundra with a similar scratch but full length of the truck, cleaned the scratch with alcohol, touched it up carefully, wetsanded level, and buffed, and it is not noticeable at all. If you don't wetsand and buff it still looks pretty good, but can be seen depending on the light and angle.
brand of what? clearcoat? i use ppg products myself. Find a store that sells automotive paint and buy a small touch up bottle of activated clearcoat. It will be thin enough. Or if your cheap you can thin out clear in an autozone duplicolor touch up bottle. Honestly worst case scenario it wipes off easy if you don't let it dry all the way.
Sounds like you got your life out of it. If it needs rebuilt/repaired its probably not worth it. 230k is too high to sell the car for parts either. Scrap it and get another.
well what do you expect for $11k in a tsx? probably a salvage, or since they are such expensive cars, not quite a salvage but a lot of damage.
It's been this way for a couple years now. prices are rising, and although incentives are there sometimes, it's not really going to change as far out as i can see.
Haha, i work right next to a taco bell too. Still i try to leave the cars, since ya know, people want to drive them.
Early chrysler era jeeps don't hold idle in the ECM. So if you reset the ECM or change the battery, you need to keep it running while it relearns the idle. Start it and give it throttle up to about 1500 rpm. Keep it steady there for ~5 min. Should stay running after that unless you have a real problem.
Sounds normal to me when you add a high stall converter. It's so you can rev it up into the powerband without powerbraking. 3000 stall is for drag racing, and it won't go anywhere till high rpm. It will roll downhill, and is a bitch at uphill stop lights. 2000 is more manageable, but still a little tricky.
The shift linkage cable is going to be a dealer part, and not extremely expensive.
it's probably worth it for the two gt86's, but you can't really compare two different makes and models using the same metric. The BRZ is an awesome car though, the s2000 is just too cramped. I'd go for the subaru.
yeah it's not that hard. A carb tune is pretty much free, just takes know how. I like the vacuum method myself, it's not as exact but its way easy.
to expand on this. If you mix dexcool with glycol green, it will gelatinize and clog er up real good.
