I would have guessed Detroit.
[Still my favorite picture.](http://i.imgur.com/lh8eFnn.jpg)
r/DrunkGirls is pretty good.
I saw a college student with a tower and an lcd display at a Starbucks. But it was a mid-size tower and he was with his friends who all had laptops. Barely even noticed him.
He died from a heart attack too. Basically he aged much quicker, resulting in having the body of someone at least 20 years older.
He killed her with the only weapon banned by a pope.
Any dumbass can edit a wikipedia page. That doesn't make it true. Special effects existed since the beginning of film. CGI didn't come around until the '80s.
Your drill would just rotate around this bit.
Amazon and Anal.
Since the head came off, this would be considered a failed hanging. It's supposed to break the neck. Also, guillotine is the device, not the act of removing a head.
They've been doing it since the beginning of “feature-length" films.
Noticed you said you thought the prop may have been undamaged? If that's not a typo, I can tell you the prop is beyond any form of repair.
But it’s a piece of the costume falling off.
The car or the fighter jet?
I get pulled over all the time for the most pointless stuff. Last time it was because I took too long to make a right hand turn at a red light. The real reason is that I accidentally made eye contact with the cop. I knew he was going to pull me over as soon as I looked at him.
Everyone got employed with low level shit jobs. I know I did.
If you don’t brush around implants the gums will rot away until you see the pin and bone.
It’s not genuine unless you type it like this: Breeder Bullshit™.
You’re still crazy, but not for that reason.
I believe you anchor to the building every third floor.
You’re parked on the sidewalk!
Kraft Singles aren't even real cheese.
Here I thought I was being original when I set up a long line before turning it on.
I’ve been personally told by a parent that this is the most effective method to shut their kid up. As soon as they throw a tantrum, you do it even louder. If they're old enough they get embarrassed and shut up immediately. The more people around the better.
She succeeded in poking him with the HIV needle.
Back in the day when 3 years age difference felt like 30.
And the most expensive thing we own is the computer.
And the other half is into gaming. For me it's 3d modelling, which means having a Nvidia Quadro that's hooked up to my watercooler system. Everything in my tower easily exceeds $4000. But it's worth every last penny.
I would not build a Z97/DDR3 system unless it was out of random parts I found. DDR4 has been out for what, two years?
Why not call the Fire Marshall?
I died for moment when the scissors stuck in the floor at the beginning.
28 Days Later.
Average.
Saying good buddy can be an insult to the person you're saying it to. “Thanks good buddy” in a sarcastic tone means “thanks fag.”
Let me guess, mid 20's?
At least they're not debating how quickly they can jerk off every guy in the room.
AC adapter and 12v adapter were what I used 99% of the time. An outlet was almost never more than an extension cord away.
That's the biggest ornamental bell any cow will ever wear. Cowbells aren't even true bells in a sense. They don't ring out.
Because he fucks like it's his job.
There's even that popular clip of a cat “slapping” a baby in the head with both paws, but retracted claws. Cat knew exactly what it was doing.
They're infused with jizz.
I was gonna say. Maybe he thought you guys really needed the R&amp;R.
It's always the cheerful cartoon character. They're worse than the clergy.
Or Bill Nye.
Friends are bullshit anyway. They will always leave as soon as they get an SO.
Can't even count the number of Magic Wands I've bought over the years. I should just buy a pallet.
I had to up and quit working for anyone. Bosses simply can't treat people how they want to be treated. Fuck ’em. I made my own company, with blackjack and hookers. Okay, maybe not with the hookers...or the blackjack. But I really am self employed.
That would make Tesla roll in his grave even more.
It’s a joke. He was too smart to be “against” it.
Haven't seen young girls making dick cakes before, that's why.
