boots look great. waxed laces over rawhide is kooky talk, though.
Yes, but it hasn't been officially processed yet, as they said they don't refund until it officially ships, which it hasnt yet.
natty cxl is probably my favorite boot I own. If I could only pic one, I'd definitely choose it over the shell, though obviously the shell is great too.
After VAT refund the pair I just ordered from oki-ni was 225
You handled that with far more dignity and aplomb than I would have.
I find the color on these a bit confusing. Pic #6 is the only one where they look tan/brown, the rest just look grey. Would you say most of the pics are true to color?
Side 1 is a great shot.
So who's going to sack up and do what needs doing on these EG shell derbies from the MrP sale? http://www.mrporter.com/en-us/mens/edward_green/windermere-cordovan-leather-derby-shoes/465706
Way off. They're going to be in the 150-200 range for sure,
Do they have to get it right? Isn't their whole business model based on avoiding all risk by putting all the uncertainty on the customer? They get to let the product validate itself. Plus I think they have a large enough user base of fanboys who will be in for one regardless. There's just no way to make a CXL sneaker for under $100 and still have room for profit though.
These look great! The last definitely reminds me of the OSB trench, but for half the price it seems like a great buy. The stitching all looks super tidy, and it has a great matte black finish. What's the outsole like? Commando lugged? Anyways, these seem like a great pickup for the price.
&gt; No eyelets though. We save you money by having you punch your own!
I would have thought so, but they fit somewhat different to my 110 boondockers. The boots are a size 9.5 and fit rather generously, whereas the oxfords are a size 10 and fit snugly in both the toe and heel. Could just be a difference in the leather or lasting process, but the fit really is quite different. Agree that my pics look similar to the reference pic in toe shape, though
I've only tried on the oxfords once, I'll check them again tonight.
[First wearing of my new CPs](http://imgur.com/kFHYIsX) Really impressed by how comfortable they are. Also appreciate that the redesign version has the cream soles rather than pure white. Overall just really enjoying these.
Wait what? Rancourt makes SWBs?
Maybe I'm just more laissez-faire about this stuff, but none of those seem like grounds for a return to me : / You'll see worse scuffs on literally your first wearing, and the heel thing seems pretty negligible inasmuch as it won't really cause any performance issues as far as I can tell.
Super impressed with shipping times from Oki-Ni in the UK. Ordered GATs on Sunday, and they're scheduled to be delivered today. I've ordered things from Chicago where I live that took 3 times as long as that to deliver.
I think if I'd lived closer to a distribution center that might have happened, but that it took an extra day to get to Chicago from there.
quick follow up, did you get hit with any customs from oki-ni?
super cool, love the RO heel counter
right, I figured it was them wanting to start the GYW run with their flagship boot that always sells well to test the waters
holy shit, look at this. [almost every size still available](http://viberg.com/collections/footwear/products/service-boot-brown-chromexcel)
I've tried on those shoes I would order the 8
I ordered them but ended up sending them back. They were nice shoes but just not what I was looking for. TTS is definitely the right way to go though.
Super cool, this exact pair and one in ravello are both grails for me. Pretty much the perfect boot. Enjoy.
&gt; if you ever need any in-person contact in Hungary, let me know, as I've been traveling there quite a bit lately and have a lot of Hungarian friends. remember how I gave you all those Nola suggestions? The girl and I are visiting Budapest and Prague later this year and would love suggestions of where to go.
I'm the second owner, but I bought them like-new from someone who they didn't fit. Let me see if I can snap some fit pics in a bit.
I just got the new achilles and like them a lot. The cream sole and cream laces are really great, and imo an improvement over the all-white retro achilles.
[family shot of my 5 pairs of vibergs](http://imgur.com/a/6PIku) I took for a writeup I'm doing for MFA.
&gt; So if I understand you correctly, the RL Marlow comes in only one brown shell color that they officially call "dark brown", but people sometimes refer to it as "cigar". I have no idea how many colors RL shell comes in, so I'm not sure if this is true or not. Shell can look very different in different colors though, so it's entirely possible those are the same shoe.
I really like shoes. I have about 25 pair and have probably spent somewhere around 5k total on them... : / Although I will insta-buy an Alden Ravello shell grant last boot if I see it (my grail), I don't see myself making too many more purchases any time soon, though.
Down a half for 2030, down a whole for 110.
I mean, it's clearly a hobby. No regular person NEEDS $700 shoes, and certainly not several of them. But it's the same as going to a fancy dinner. At some point, it's not about the utility of something that will fill you up for a few hours, but more about engaging with something you're generally interested in, and taking enjoyment and satisfaction out of the experience. Same with having nice shoes. It's something I like having, and typically do freelance work on the side for anything I want to buy, so that my main salary goes to my mortgage and shared finances with my girlfriend.
I've literally never done anything to them. This is essentially how they came out of the box plus some wear.
Not even close. Chicago.
Yes i think they probably would. A half size in length is roughly equivalent to a size in width.
No. It was stated in the SF forum that Guy said that for certain leathers (shell in particular), GYW was easier to work with, but it's not contained in their [official GYW announcement post](http://viberg.com/blogs/journal/25558660-introducing-goodyear-welt), so should probably be treated as hearsay/speculation.
Answers to a few of these are already known/knowable. Still think it's totally worth asking directly, but fwiw, here are a few quick thoughts on some of these: &gt; What was the decision making process behind the in-person sample sale in NYC? Do you foresee ever moving back to an online sample sale? Brett Viberg said somewhere on Instagram that this was simpler logistically, and wouldn't do another digital sample sale for the foreseeable future. &gt; -How do you think sales of the welted fashion boots have gone compared to your stitchdown fashion boots? What feedback have you gotten so far on the welted offerings? Sales are demonstrably poor, as evidenced by the near full availability of the brown cxl service boot several weeks after release, when they usually sell out within a couple days... Also, feedback on all social media has been overwhelmingly negative, so expect either to have this one ignored, or get a political response. &gt; -Roughly what percentage of business is from fashion vs. your traditional logger and workboots? Do you see this expanding in coming years? It was mentioned on SF that it's ~90% fashion these days.
Maybe. Although there's no way of knowing, there's no reason I'm aware of to assume that would be true, either.
&gt; Am I going to save money by buying quality $250 sneakers over some disposable $50 pair once per year? No. Robot said it well. And for sneakers I think the value proposition is even worse than for boots of dress shoes. I have a 2 pairs of Common Projects and a pair of MMM GATs and while I enjoy them all very much, if value prop is the name of the game, I don't think you're better off relative to getting something cheaper and just throwing it out after a year.
I can't wait to get mugged up there!
the Black RO are great
Anytime else in favor of eliminating the After Dark discussion threads? Theyre usually not very busy (15 or so comments) and then the next days GD comes along too late....
&gt; The food is Royal Canin Urinary SO I just switched one of my cats to that. It's crazy expensive, but if it solves her bladder issues its worth it.
I'd definiteyl order something on the 310 if it was in a tough, hard wearing leather. Something like a bridle or dublin or brown waxed flesh.
I sized mine the same
Wiwt: [MMM GATs](http://imgur.com/a/j37ri). First time I've worn them. So comfortable. Aotd: My legendary love of cashews.
Your toes really shouldnt ever touch the front of the boot. If the widest part of your foot sits at the widest part of the boot, that's definitely a good sign, but not the only indicator of perfect fit. Overall if they feel comfortable and fit snug in all the right places, you're probably good to go, and space in front of your toe isn't cause for concern.
It's hard to tell, but I'm wearing a sort of ankle sock. It's a bit taller than a no-show, but only about as tall as the shoe itself, which I figured was a pretty good compromise.
