Yeah but how did you get into that position in the first place?
Right, but while all this shit was going down, they just decide to move into an expensive apartment in one of the most expensive cities in the country?
The road signage trailer has Michigan plates. So it's Michigan.
Again, the road sign there in the first picture, upper left, has Michigan plates.....
So they could move back in with their parents to save up some cash before they move somewhere more affordable?
Clearly the only solution is just to be broke forever in SF.
Also Thurs-Saturday is a massive [Country on the River](https://countryontheriveriowa.com/) concert lineup.
Trapped, yet unwilling to try and get out of the situation.
ONR is underrated
Deer are a problem in maryland because of their liberal politicians.
You seriously need a security consultant (+ audit) and leadership buy-in. Might be easiest to convince leadership to put up for a complete infosec/physical security audit, and then once they see all of the glaring holes they may be willing to put up the money to fix the problems.
As someone from NE this doesn't surprise me at all. What's strange is when I'm traveling and people ask "Nebraska, isn't it cold there?" I'm like yes, it's cold there, in the winter. And it's hot in the summer. We call these "seasons".
I'll take 125 in Afghanistan over 90 in Nebraska any day. The humidity kills.
Google it, there's a lot of aftermarket shades out there. Or for those who don't give a fuck about what other people think, [there's this](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/31H5umO0eRL.jpg).
You wanna know what our trick was? Our doctor made us do this. Give the kid a bottle, and then just lay him in the crib and walk away. We used to rock him to bed and we were idiots because we conditioned him to need to be rocked. After we started just laying him to bed immediately after the bottle, no rocking, he would cry for 5 minutes then give up and go to bed. He's over a year old now and he's been sleeping great ever since.
Explain companies like Tesla.
A majority of the feds I know are republican.
You're right dude, all these farmers are just willingly eroding their own land like idiots. No.
Dude, you're right. You're a random redditor and you know more about farming than farmers do.
Can confirm from Nebraska. Once you get into a town smaller than 50k people there's only going to be one or two places to work out. Any smaller than 10k or so, the only gym in town is at the school.
Ice cream isn't dairy?
That wheat lobby game was strong back then.
Have you heard of /r/keto ?
I just saw that too, however, I thought to myself good for them. They're not selling some bullshit meal plan. They're selling the simplicity of identifying portion sizes for different foods, and letting you do the shopping on your own. In every thread like this, there's always someone saying they never learned portion sizes until recently.
It's a lot easier to avoid that candybar than it is to run a mile or two.
And those people can do the math. 150 calories per serving * 3 servings per container = 450 calories per container. You all are delirious if you think an extra number on the label is going to solve our country's obesity epidemic.
God knows this would only accelerate the grocery shrink ray effect. Choose our product, it has 100 calories less per package than the competitor!* *Our package is 10 oz less for the same price.
Her goal is commendable. The implementation, however, was horrid.
Didn't that jamie oliver already basically debunk this?
The whole food desert thing has already been debunked. And guess what, even if all you had was junk food, but you only ate 1500 calories of junk food a day, you wouldn't be overweight! You can "look" healthy by eating nothing but little debbies or mcdonalds or whatever.
&gt;If you've got a BMI of 30+, you're almost certainly fat. Right, almost certainly. Unless you're muscular at all. BMI only looks at height and weight, and muscle is heavy. Think of the average NFL running back. Those guys aren't fat, but they're "obese" according to BMI. Really every conversation mentioning BMI should switch to body fat %.
Building more muscle results in burning more calories. more muscle from weight lifting makes your cardio more efficient. But really, they could be swapped. Either is better than nothing.
Right, when I shop for BBQ sauce the first and second ingredients better be ketchup or molasses. But really, any bbq sauce is going to be big on sugar...that's what it is.
meat doesn't even need to be lean. where did this idea come from? lean meat is just as idiotic as fat free yogurt.
Tuxes don't fit your body that tightly man, wth.
I don't follow. They made the dress too big for your boobs, therefore is was too tight?
Right but they're [not to this level yet](http://www.ca-bridal.com/images/prom-dresses/weekly-deal-bridesmaid-dress-2012-012.jpg) where you have to watch your figure for three months.
Yeah totally agree. Somebody's buying it tho. People are idiots.
I would argue that whole grains that convert to sugar in your body, covered by more sugar, is still mainly junk.
Yeah, it should be. It'd be weird for it to be anything else.
As opposed to the alternative liberal train of thought where each and every problem should be forcefully solved by the federal government. The best solution is somewhere in the middle.
&gt;it is an approach that produces a health care system now ranking 37th in the world, below many third world nations But by what metrics? Because as far as I can tell, if I want the newest, latest, best treatment for my rare disease, I want to be going to an American hospital. As an example, just recently with the ebola outbreaks those people are being sent to my hometown of Omaha for treatment.
Two Rivers SRA is good. Check the Nebraska Game and Parks site for a complete list of all fishing lakes.
Big surprise, yet another redditor who doesn't think reddit leans left. Everyone in here is saying ricketts is an idiot, a fuckwit, a tool, whatever, but nobody is backing up these statements. How did you come to this conclusion? Oh, he's a republican, therefore he doesn't hold liberal values, therefore he's an idiot and a tool? Astute analysis there. I mean, I don't even vote anymore because everything pisses me off, but when I see people so vehemently against somebody, I'd at least expect to see a few reasons to justify why. But I don't, and I never do. So I stand by my elementary assumption that we all should hate him because he's rich and has an R next to his name.
Think about what you're saying though. Even when wal-mart is "doing the right thing" by having paid check out folks and self-checkouts, **the customers are still choosing** the self checkouts over the employees.
You're being a bit ridiculous here, don't you think? This is a company with billions of dollars on the line to make sure these systems work right. Redundancy, safe fail overs, backups, etc. This isn't some unsolvable problem. Computers put robots on mars, control satellites, ships, rockets, drones, nuclear power stations, etc. I think we've advanced to the point where we can engineer a computer system to reliably take a fucking order at McDonald's.
If you were to walk into the ER in the US with ebola, you'd get treated just like that Doctor did. Not saying our system is good for the poor, but if you have cancer or ebola or whatever, you're going to be cared for. The real problem is the lack of preventative care.
Well you have to pay for Obamacare now, so how's that working out for you?
Ok, now back to the real world.
No, I don't. I'm almost certain that the latest medical research and breakthroughs quite consistently come from the US. I'm open to being proven wrong though.
