Thankyou! Nice to think I wrote something that struck a chord.
What do you mean by 'heard, understand &amp; reject islam'? I've never partiicularly heard it, I've certainly never understood it, and yet neither have I explicitly rejected it. If you just plain don't understand it do you consider that rejecting it?
No. No no no no no.
Largely for historical reasons. Despite the fact that 17th century Europe was heavily religious, it wasn't enough for the Puritans, so a lot of them sailed to the Americas to set up communities where they could be free (if 'free' is the word) to practise Puritanism to their heart's content. For this reason whole swathes of the US were populated by heavily religious communities while Europe emptied of the most fundamental Christians.
&gt; absurdly American centric I'm not American. OK - I'll re-word my sentence: Europe emptied of the most fundamentalist brand of Christianity. Better?
I was trying (perhaps not very well) to say that there are examples where regimes have convinced enough people that a particular group are to blame for the ills in society to be able to persuade them to kill. In the case of the Nazis, the population as a whole elected the Nazis without knowing the full extent of their plans for the Jews (Hitler didn't stand on a platform of instigating a holocaust); it then took only a small percentage of the population to actually put the plans into effect, by which point the larger proportion of the population were powerless to prevent it, were largely not aware of the extent of it, or were more concerned about fighting the war. I would imagine that a lot of the Nazi guards at concentration camps were deeply uncomfortable with sending women and children to their deaths, but were powerless to change things in a regime where any dissent would have meant a similar fate for them.
&gt; who are obligated to practice it whether they believe it or not If they don't believe it, who's doing the obligating?
This is the one thing that I find so completely unfathomable about religion: that those who ardently follow one religion and believe it is true above all else don't look at the millions and billions of people who believe exactly the same thing about a completely different religion and go "Hmm... they're just as convinced that they're right as I am that I'm right. And look - they have a holy book too! Wait a minute: we can't all be right.....?". I don't know how e.g. a Christian can look at a Muslim and feel so utterly certain that the Muslim has it all wrong, but never wonders why the Muslim must also be looking at them thinking the same thing. Surely there's a point at which a rational human being starts to get to *"What if none of us are right and it's all just a guessing game...?"* Someone please tell me - I just can't understand it. How can you look at a billion Hindus in India, or a billions Catholics, or whatever and think "they're *all* wrong but *I'm* right"? You're probably thinking "OK smartarse Atheist, how can you look at billions of religious people and say 'you're all wrong'", only it's simple: I know that in the human body death is an irreversible process meaning that after a certain point a human body does not recover, and the brain that existed inside that body is lost. Which means that *nobody knows what happens to you after you die*. I also know that no-one was around at the beginning of the universe to see it happen, and therefore I don't believe a fucking book written by human beings that purports to explain how the universe began, which means *nobody knows how we got here*. So all the people arguing over who knows what happens after we die and who knows how we got here: no, you don't. No-one does.
&gt; I'll be honest, by the standards I see a lot of atheists claiming, I'm surprised we have any history at all. You say this like there's a very fine line between reality and completely fantastical claims when there plainly isn't. People do not return from the dead. Death is an irreversible process in the human body as has been shown billions of times since the dawn of time. Yet you want to take a couple of eye-witness accounts from the guy's personal fan-club, with shaky, contradictory evidence, and say that proves that something different happens in this case? If you read about a great battle in medieval times in which a famous warrior flew around in the air shooting laser beams from his eyes would you unquestioningly trust that as a valid historical record? You'll have heard the line "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"? And that's the difference. Imagine a history book quoted Napoleon as having said a particular sentence, which was reported by 2 of his personal guard, would I believe it: it depends on what the sentence was. If it was "Not tonight Josephine" then sure. If it's "I fucking hate the new iPhone 6" then of course not. Yet the evidence cited for both would be the same, so what's the difference? Because one is probable and plausible whereas the other would require him to travel 2 centuries into the future and back again, so is completely implausible. If you can't tell the difference it's because you've decided upon the answer and are trying to manipulate the very thin 'evidence' to make it fit that answer. Try forgetting the answer and using some critical thinking skills to see where you end up instead.
Increasing secularity is based on more people realising they don't need religion, it's not that people are abandoning Christianity looking for another religion to attach themselves to. The decline of Christianity in the West is coming from increased openness and freedom of information coupled with advances in science, which all gradually erode the myths of its teachings. Islam is more ardent about keeping its flock in the faith, but is just as susceptible to those same forces which are undermining all religions, especially in Western socieities where a secular education, access to the internet, and mixing with people from many different faiths (or no faith) all show people a way of life that doesn't rely on their particular religion. Yes, Muslims can bring their children up to be religious but it is very difficult in Western societies to keep those children away from secular influences or the internet or anything that allows them to question their faith. The growth in Islam in Western societies is more down to immigration than anything else. In the UK we have seen Muslims grow as a percentage of the overall population, but it's not because British people are converting to Islam, it's because they are already Muslim when they come to the UK. I can see how Islam might grow as a proportion of religious people, but not as an overall number. I know several Muslims who only identify as such because their parents would be ostracised from their communities if their children weren't being seen to follow the faith. They have no intention of passing it on to their children. &gt; Unless we turn our attention to Islam immediately, we will find an entrenched enemy that is perfectly willing and able to turn our own laws against us, with little we can do to stop it This is just bullshit scaremongering.
&gt; I've got tons of Muslim friends who always go clubbing but don't have a drop of alcohol. There's a difference between going to a club with a load of other people who aren't drinking and going to a club where you're the only one not drinking. I agree in general though - I once went on a Muslim stag do, had a great time.
This is a real blind spot for theists: "this guy said it happened so it must have done". Firstly, anyone can make anything up; the fact that it's written down doesn't make it any more credible than if you heard the words bumbled from the mouth of a crazy person. Secondly, pre-enlightened societies were so utterly credulous that many people could be easily persuaded to believe all kinds of insane things. In societies that have no kind of scientific understanding of the world, where disease, war, famine and pestilence are apt to wipe out you and your family at any point, people latched onto myths in a desperate belief that they could influence their chaotic lives. If Paul was writing in AD40 then years, even decades had passed since these events supposedly happened. Could you recall every conversation you had word-for-word from 20 years ago? He was part of Jesus's personal fan-club, so of course he's going to suggest that Jesus has supernatural powers - why wouldn't you when people are so credulous and desperate for order and hope? Also, all religions have sacred texts, yet you don't believe in all the other thousands of religions of the world. Why do you think your religion's texts are any more valid or reliable or credible than any of the others? If you read Aztec stone tablets that talked about Quetzalcoatl would you treat them with the same credulity that you do Paul's letters? Or would you dismiss them as myths?
I think you replied to the wrong thread there mate.
&gt; I'm sure you'll cherish that day, but it'll also be the day that atheism loses meaning I wish Atheism didn't have to exist. Atheism is a counter-stance. It doesn't stand for anything, it is an absence of belief and it only exists because there are people in this world who create myths to force unwritten rules on societies with no right to do so. It shouldn't have to exist any more than being a-unicornist or a-leprechaunist should. And by the way, you can't prove a negative and I don't have any intention of even trying whatever anyone else thinks. &gt; No gatherings to condemn religion Where are these gatherings to comdemn religion? I've never heard of such a thing. &gt; no more showcase of wit or intelligence Just to prove I'm not here to try to win points for my wit or intelligence, my considered response to that comment is go fuck yourself.
We don't know what happened before the big bang... isn't that enough to be an agnostic instead of a theist?
I could see how followers of all Abrahamic religions might recognise that they're all basically following the same God in a slightly different way. But what about the non-Abrahamic ones - Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Taoists? They number a couple of billion between them don't they?
Don't forget pork crackling, pulled pork, twice-cooked pork belly and pork sausages. Man alive, without them, bacon, sex, alcohol and weed I don't know why life would be worth living. I'm almost jealous of OP about to try all that stuff for the first time.
&gt; The RA is obsessed with and addicted to being right What stupid crap. Are you saying you are happy to be wrong? Will you consider the truth of the fairies at the bottom of my garden? Or do you believe you know the truth of that claim already? Are you denying those fairies exist because you have a fetish for having to be right all the time?
How patronising. I grow tired of people telling atheists that they're atheists for the wrong reasons or because they haven't thought about it enough. There is no 'right' way to be an atheist any more than there's a right way not to watch TV. Once you hold any religion up to even the most basic critical thinking it is obvious that they are man-made. Otherwise why don't you believe in Zeus, or Ra or Odin? Are you disbelieving of them for the right reasons? How deeply did you think about them before you dismissed them? Or were you just brought up in your chosen religion and have never actually examined what you've been taught with a clear, unemotional, free mind? What is it you believe: talking snakes, virgin births, water into wine? Perhaps it's you who needs to think a bit deeper?
Is that supposed to pass as debate?
&gt; How do you know it is true that solipsism is wrong? I'm not sure I necessarily do know that as an irrefutable truth. But, you know, the universe and all that. &gt; There is no fairiology but there is theology The difference being what? Sounds like you're saying that it's just about the number of people that believe it. Otherwise where do you draw the line - Jedis? Flying Spaghetti Monster? Norse Gods? Scientology? There's not exactly a hard line between 'legitimate' religion and outright fantasy or mythology. You can reject something you don't know well if you believe that it is founded on an impossible premise. I wouldn't waste any time thinking about anything a Medium or Clairvoyant told me because I don't believe they can talk to the dead. &gt; my question is, where and why do you draw the line I draw the line at anything that reverse-justifies by claiming to know the answer and working backwards from it. I'd be more than happy to have a theological debate, but I wouldn't bother with someone who claims to know the answer already when I don't believe that there is any way they could. Atheists are not without wonder and imagination - I would love to be clever enough to study the origins of the universe and try to genuinely know how we got here, but I think religion is just a complete distraction.
&gt; You can obey God or you can obey any number of false idols (Baal, money, yourself, etc.) I don't need to worship or obey anyone or anything thanks. I have a responsibility to society as a whole, but that's all. I see no benefit in wasting a load of time giving my servitude to a God who either isn't there or isn't listening.
If the evidence is unobtainable, then why are theists allowed to state with absolute certainty that they're right and atheists are wrong - something they do *all the time*? If you tell me that God created the universe then it falls to you to prove that; if the evidence is, as you rightly say, unobtainable, then why is *any* religious claim valid? &gt; Those tend to be the weakest, and truly identify someone's character in terms of how they think and process information Yeah, anyone who disagrees with you is obviously stupid. Well done you and your towering intellect.
&gt; What kind of evidence would be convincing to an atheist? How about some evidence that prayer works? What if there were observable double-blind tests that demonstrated that e.g. groups of cancer sufferers who prayed were more likely to recover than those who didn't? Of course [those tests *have* happened](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Studies_on_intercessory_prayer#The_STEP_project) and proved the opposite. What if our increasing ability to understand our history revealed things that proved that things in the bible actually happened - i.e. a flood covered the entire earth and that animal life can be traced back to a single pair of animals on the ark, or that life was first created 6000 years ago and has never evolved at all? Of course, all evidence points to the contrary meaning that most people now recognise that most religious texts are full of fallacies. What if someone proved that virgin births were possible, or that in some cases people return from the dead? Quite a lot of evidence that they're not. You might say that those are all facets of religion rather than theism, and just because there was no talking snake and virgin birth that doesn't mean there couldn't still be a God, and I'd probably agree. But most religious people claim these as evidence for their God despite a lot of them being disprovable. Even forgetting religion, I still don't see anything that makes me think there's some kind of deity designing or controlling everything.
Mayonnaise - blergh. The more I hate it the more it seems to permeate into every area of life. I've all but given up buying pre-packed sandwiches.
I think atheism is a bit like the anti-smoking lobby. There are people who smoke, and people who don't, and for centuries those that do smoke had it all their own way - most people did, and did so everywhere, right next to you in a restaurant or at the office desk next to yours whether you liked it or not. However, in recent decades the people who don't have finally gained their voice and said 'enough'. Now the smokers are sent outside so that they don't pollute the non-smokers and it's increasingly marginalised. There are nasty warnings on the packs and all advertising and branding is banned (in the UK at least) or highly regulated. I've heard Doctors go completely on the offensive about smokers - because they see the effects of it, then they don't hold back. It's bad for you, and once you're free of it you never want to go back. Lots of people get drawn into it when they were younger because their peers are doing it and then find it hard to break the cycle. Basically society has gone on the offensive against smoking in recent decades because it's one of the worst things you can legally do to yourself. OK, so smoking does you physical harm whereas religion doesn't (I could talk about religious wars, but I won't). But I do think religion destroys free will and represents a massive waste of human capital. I am getting about religion how a non-smoker must have felt a generation ago - the numbers of participants is diminishing but they still get to shove it in my face all too often. If you want to do it fine, just keep it away from me, from my children, and fund it yourself. It's indoctrination and it enslaves people's minds. I used to be a smoker and used to whine about Doctors saying nasty things about what would happen to me - now I've been given up for 10+ years I wish they'd bullied me into it sooner.
Wow, way to not answer the question. &gt; This is almost narcissistic thinking. Just because someone is wrong, does not mean mean that I am right. There can be two people who are both wrong, but basing your assertions on incorrect or faulty evidence could be said to be even more wrong than another. The question I asked was quite simple, but you've totally failed to answer it. Let me try again in more simple terms: you say atheists shouldn't claim to be right based on unobtainable evidence, yet you excuse theists from the same reasoning. Why? &gt; Let's try a simple example: Who is more wrong, the person who has a claim, or the person who has a claim on wrong information/evidence? Your question doesn't even make sense. If someone wants a claim to be believed then it falls to them to provide adequate backing for that claim. Is that difficult for you to understand? &gt; Nope, those who tend to be stupid are stupid. I don't have to have pity for the feeble-minded. Yeah - you're doing such a good job of demonstrating your intellectual superiority here.
Haha - makes me properly laugh out loud when I hear theists say this. Why don't we just be done with it and define God as "the thing you can't disagree with"?
If this life is just a proving ground to see whether you get to heaven or hell, what's the point in heaven or hell?
I see this asked a lot, and it's really not up to atheists to define. That's a bit like the prosecutor in a murder trial asking the jury what they would consider convincing evidence to convict the accused (for which any judge would rightly slap them down). If you're prepared to state a claim you should be able to demonstrate the evidence that supports that claim. If you can't do that then you need to ask yourself why you believe it yourself.
An argument isn't evidence. It's an argument.
I'm going to ignore your particularly patronising tone so that you overlook my 'semi-hysterical', 'nasally voice' and 'little impish snicker' and see if this gets through. What most atheists argue against is religion, as religion is the vehicle by which the concept of God or Gods is brought to people. I do not disagree that by sweeping all of religion aside there could be room for an open debate about the likelihood or otherwise of the existence of some kind of deity; yet religion is a different matter: it makes claims that are rooted in the material world - things that would leave behind evidence and have failed to do so. Had there been a flood that covered the entire earth then there would be evidence to show it. Had mankind been created a mere few thousand years ago then there would be evidence to support this. If people could return from the dead, or people could walk on water, then again we might see observable evidence. But we don't see that - and in fact we see many things that count as solid evidence that demonstrate the opposite. The theist position tends to be one of knowing the answer and working backwards from there. The atheist or agnostic position is one of building a case by which to progress towards an answer. How does one work towards an answer? By looking at the available evidence. No evidence? No progress. Think of it like a court case: you'd be pretty unconvincing as a prosecuting lawyer if you complained about how jurors kept insisting on this annoying little detail called evidence (presumably in their nasally voices in a semi-hysterical tone) before they believed your case. &gt; "yeah, the evidence is this..." and proceed to give an argument for those things ...and there's your problem. An argument is not evidence. It is an argument. Arguments are just stated positions. They can be wrong. If you want to reply, please try doing it without just being rude, or don't bother.
Well, given that most definitions of God that I've heard are logical impossibilities, then you'd probably have to start by proving that logic does not function as I think it does. Why don't you start by defining what you mean by God and then I might be able to come up with evidence that might convince me?
&gt; If you want to argue against religion, that's fine. But that can be done independent of the belief (or unbelief) in a deity. Even a theist could argue against religion, it's more of a sociological question. This is not what this debate is about; the theism debate is about the existence of deity. Well - given that this sub is called DebateReligion then maybe you're in the wrong place. &gt; But that's not how it works, because that's not how determining anything works. Any sort of judgement which involves empirical data also necessarily involves a rational framework in which the data is interpreted, and this means that it all rests on argument Well, no, because arguments are only of any value constructed based on evidence, and that's the difference. I could posit an argument that there is a unicorn living in the forest near my house, but with no evidence it is a crap argument. Whereas if I posit that there is a fox that lives in the forest near my house, and then I could show people its den, its scat, or even the fox itself, then that's a good argument because it's backed by evidence. Surely this isn't hard to understand? &gt; There are some questions which cannot be evaluated in terms of this sort of data (what's typically meant by "evidence"), and those--including the theism question--are entirely dependent on argument There are indeed some questions to which we cannot gather sufficient evidence by which to arrive at an answer - so in that instance the right thing to do isn't to continue to posit arguments based on zero evidence (because hey, no-one can tell you you're wrong, right?), it's to recognise that here is something we cannot currently know and therefore any further arguments are frankly guesswork. Surely you can see that that is not an unreasonable position?
I'm totally with you on this. I'm usually browsing on my laptop at home. Half the time the wife is watching something on telly and/or the kids are streaming some kids show on the ipad in the next room. I don't want video thanks.
I'm not going to pretend there aren't Atheists who are dicks, but shouting someone down or mis-representing their arguments is hardly something unique to Atheists either, is it?
You're agnostic, but you start your text at the top saying "We (Christians)..."? Forgive me for being a little confused? I don't really see how you can be both. Respect for your reading list though.
&gt; But if someone is presented with the truth, how will they accept it if they are not open to the possibility that their previous beliefs could be wrong? Primarily because I don't trust the source. How does a theist know the truth? Nobody knows what happens after we die. Nobody knows what exists outside our known universe or what existed before it, or who/what made it. So I am open-minded, but most 'evidence' I hear doesn't stand up to even the most basic question of all: "how do you know this to be true?"
I spent far too long using alcohol as my reward for getting through a shitty day in a job I hated. The worse my day, the more I drank, and the worse the next day at work would be. Eventually it hit me that I was just numbing myself to make a shitty job more bearable, and just making it even worse. I'm still in that shitty job, but it's a lot more bearable when you feel well and feel in control.
&gt; you're speaking our language As an Englishman, I'd just like to point out that *you're* speaking *our* language.
I'm a Bachelor of Arts, and I'm married.
Yeah, my point was to demonstrate what u/sotonohito said: &gt; Basically the ontological argument is just fiddling around with definitions and thinking that somehow proves anything
&gt; the King's English English people don't speak the King's English and haven't done for some 63 years now.
Yes - spot on. I live near traffic lights on a busy road and hearing some total wanker revving his engine on a bike so loud that it wakes up most of my street at 2am makes me want to go and take a sledgehammer to his shitty bike. It should be treated in the same way as if someone were playing their music loud enough to wake an entire street up.
&gt; I can redefine things in mathematics all I want to equivocate concepts, but it would be a silly argument. Just like it was above when you did it Well, ignoring you just starting to chuck out the childish insults, the *whole fucking point* of what I said was that it was meant to be demonstrably pedantic to reinforce the point to you that anyone can dick around with words to change the meaning of something to suit their own ends. It remains true that I am a Bachelor of Arts yet am married. I could have also said that I went to school with a kid called James Bachelor whose parents were married. Both of those statements are true, and negate what you said. Don't they? &gt; And my definitions aren't ambiguous either No-one in the history of the world has ever uttered a single sentence that was completely unambiguous. You certainly haven't become the first. Let me remind you of where this started: &gt; You can't just sit around diddling with words and claim to have discovered anything real or valid And that is the point, which you seem to be missing. Playing around with words alone never brought a physical thing into existence, so a bunch of theologians cannot debate something into existence. Maths is akin to a language where the words are completely unambiguous, but again, as with language, no-one ever brought a tangible thing into existence by maths alone. Maths creates concepts and models which can point the way towards understanding of the real world, but it doesn't actually cause real things to exist.
&gt; Theres no more reach in allowing religious symbolism and ideology into our lives than in not abolishing all arts because they don't lead to empirical facts There's a massive difference and I think you know that. Art does not require belief to be appreciated - if I painted an imaginary landscape you wouldn't be required to believe that world actually exists before you could appreciate the artwork. Tolkein didn't expect his readers to believe that Middle Earth was real. Yes, religion can bring beneficial aspects to a society - but there is no reason why those things can't happen without having to buy into a man-made fantasy first. Religion brings far more dangerous things, like people believing that unjustifiable actions can be justified by religion, or putting aside logic, reason and evidence when it suits them. Logic, reason and evidence - i.e. the empirical method - doesn't always give us all the answers, and occasionally tells us things we'd rather believe weren't true - but it's the best our human understanding can manage, and that's therefore what we should use to inform our decision-making as a society.
Well, I think a lot of people would disagree with that. I can appreciate things that religion could be said to have had brought about - the Sistine Chapel, Canterbury Cathedral etc - but I don't think a truly impartial observer would ever 'appreciate' a religion in the way they would appreciate a work of artistic value. I've never looked at Islam or Judaism or Taoism or anything like that and gone "Mmmm - nice religion you've got there!" And sorry to brush away any misty-eyed sentiment but Michelangelo painted the Sistine Chapel because he was being paid to. He did it for cold hard cash, not for the love of religion. So if you're talking about appreciating religion through some of the things that religion is said to have brought into the world, you might as well say you're appreciating money as that's moved people more than any religion.
&gt; You're so smart, much more so than us lowly ~~atheists~~ aethists FTFY
New year, new troll. Nothing to see here, unless of course you fancy a nosey through OP's very revealing comment history.
Rule 3: no low effort posts. It's called "Debate" Religion for a reason.
