Grooves around the edge of the coin were added to prevent this. You can't really shave them down because they won't look the same.
&gt; I guess it's a thing you beat fish to death with if you live someplace where you aren't allowed to take fishing knives with you when you go fishing? I guess. I'm not from UK, so I just take a knife with me when I go fishing. The brits probably decided that letting the fish just flop around on the ground near you is very inhumane and they must be killed as soon as possible.
Site becomes english if you click that little UK flag in the top right corner.
Well, that's a powerful car, it's over 900. I wouldn't expect anything less than shaking.
Most games and software that I use are not available on Linux.
In the first video that guy didn't even get into police car's lane. Stupid cop, can't drive.
Used one in school while training. Don't have one at work. We mostly do aluminum. We have some parts where allowances are 0.005mm (less than 0.00002 in) but the machines we use are fairly decent, so we don't really need grinders.
You should chew your food better.
I feel indifferent. On one hand, stupid DRM sucks. On the other, more popular games are hacked quicker, allowing me to try them out. Hacked games are almost always better than the legal versions.
You can smoke hookah with wine...
"Bi" is just a latin prefix, meaning "two". Same principle as "bicycle", "tricopter" or "quad bike".
Nah, Europeans hate smokers just as much as anyone else. It's banned in a lot of places, some countries banned smoking in parks and various popular public places. I think Austria is the last one where you can smoke in restaurants. They usually have separate, well ventilated areas for smokers.
I never rinse rice. Stickiness depends on the brand more than anything else.
&gt; If you blink and miss the sign, you have no idea what kind of road you're on? Well then pay attention and don't go *that* fast, then you won't miss signs.
There is, but there's no point in using it. Let's be honest, google already knows pretty much everything about us (Chrome, Gmail, Youtube, etc.), disabling "Anonymous location reporting" won't do much. On the other hand, it benefits all other users. Google uses all that real-time data to determine where the traffic jams, road works and accidents are and suggests a faster route.
&gt; Are they planning something? Yes, they're searching for another old calendar or a vague prophecy about rivers of blood.
&gt; Except they don't. # &gt;If you turn on location history, then they track your location These two statements of yours contradict each other. Sending anonymous usage data is on by default. I'm guessing that your travel speed and location are in that data.
Come on, old Hondas are sweet little cars, especially if you want to start working on cars as a hobby and need a cheap start. They're reliable and easy to fix.
Nah, they just use angle grinders and Dremel tools.
Wait, really? Fuck...
80 tools? Damn, I don't have that many. 32 tool holder in mine, it's enough for pretty much all the parts I make.
Out of how many? I mean, what's the percentage of failed drives?
Six seats that move, headsets and Oculus for everyone. Didn't ask the price. http://i.imgur.com/bd4wtI0.jpg
Oh, stop the bullshit. We don't need more women in the industry just for the hell of it, or to make sure that it's all "fair and even". We don't need more men either. We need photographers. Hiring someone because of their gender and not because of their skills is sexism, even if you hire a woman.
&gt; But watching the three of them do something incredibly stupid makes me chuckle. It's like one of those shows in the movie Idiocracy. Someone farts and you laugh.
Mhm...
Geographically it's in Central Europe, as the center of Europe is next to Vilnius. Culturally it's in Eastern Europe, as we're all still against gays and half of our population believes that it was better in the Soviet Union. Visually we're Northern Europe, since we're right next to Sweden, which is Northern Europe. We are moving towards the Northern countries culturally, though. People are becoming more educated, technologies are improving, wages are rising.
Insanely fast, radar-invisible robots would be quite cool, right?
Why are you asking me, I don't have super-intelligence yet.
I didn't go back there. So many other things to see around the city, so little time. I doubt it would be much more impressive than Google Cardboard, considering that you don't get any controller or anything. It's just a video.
Now weld it to the boat and get a seriously awesome amphibious thing!
One more photo is missing. You didn't power-wash your legs.
GTA V is such bullshit. They suddenly increased the price to 75 euros (used to be 60 when it came out on PC) and then made a "massive discount" down to 55 euros.
Tried Spotify and Google Music. They're both essentially the same thing. Playlists, discovering new music, downloading stuff for off-line listening, etc. The only difference is that Spotify costs 7 euros per month and G Music costs 5, so I use Google Music.
&gt; Up until 1990 USSR didn't have an official language. Yea sure. Everyone just used English.
Doctor.
I felt sorry for the guy. I mean, $8000...
Still better than UAB Molesta.
Lithuania is quite okay with it, though. All those refugees will run to UK or Scandinavia as soon as they can, anyway.
It's "hole", goddammit.
How batshit insane are you?
It's expensive because it's gold. Crush it all you want, gold will still be gold.
Do you think the same about their food?
Generally everyone (especially women) are expected to have children at some point. Friends, parents and various relatives will constantly complain about wanting a grandson and stuff like that. Reddit is one of few places where childfree people are supported, so putting it out here makes sense.
This is not one of those times.
Nope, it's a drain.
[This one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8uCeyUl_9U)
You have some good points, but I disagree that legalizing lane splitting will make lane splitters more cautious. It will just make bikers feel even higher above all other road users than they are now. We don't have that many bikes here (it rains or snows for three quarters of the year) yet they themselves are the cause of most bike-related accidents. Usually due to speeding and ignoring normal, simple, old rules, such as no cutting off cars, obeying the traffic lights and similar stuff.
Every new update will be paid DLC. Wanna go to Duna? That's a DLC. Wanna add larger boosters? DLC. Wanna collect science from the North Pole? Yup, DLC. Just like Minecraft.
I always just continue driving normally. They're blowing past everyone, that's why I nearly hit them. It's kind of difficult to expect a biker to speed up to me, lane splitting at 40+mph through traffic, ignoring all traffic signs and rules. Obviously I'm not going to hit them or try to scare them in any way. My car is quite rare, so finding new body panels would be a bitch. It's not me who has to drive more cautiously or respect them. It's them who need to grow up and start obeying some rules, if they want to get any respect from anyone. They're not too different from cyclists, in many ways. For these guys, road is about friendship and sharing and car drivers are so selfish and not friendly. That's until there's a red traffic light and they just ride past it, because fuck that shit.
