Dude this is so awesome and hilarious
I think it would be cool if we allowed for scripting inventions to be posted here
I don't like nameplates because I think their useless but the rest are cool
Remnant gets a lot of frame rate issues and I was never a fan of the original map, so I kind of find it not that great. It looks good though
Wally and Jay. I really think we should wait a bit for others
Actually maybe not armor effects
For instance I'm a forger who makes various types of maps and inventions. I show tutorials and maps on my channel MartianMallCopStudios. If you create interesting content in a specialty field people who are interested in that field will be naturally more interested in you
I just feel like nameplates are a waste of resources and not very impactful.
Ya the lack of BR starts gets really annoying for me.
I honestly think your having bad luck I actually constantly get Valhalla and construct whenever I try playing halo 3. I never get guardian or assembly though
Me and 3 other friends went through the entire odst campaign. We got massive frame rate drops every 5 to 10 minutes which kinda sucked but at least it was better than when we tried playing halo 3
I like the hunter zoloman one the best as he's not necessarily a total bad guy. He is trying to make superheroes better so they can save people. I think that would be a very interesting character
Why isn't Nyssa or Katana there?
Same reason as why coop campaign isn't fixed or that we can't save videos for viewing later
I really hope GL stays out of the flash. Don't get confused though, I love GL but I feel that adding him in isn't good for the flash. Its like adding batman into arrow, he would immediately steal the spotlight. I'd much rather him have his own show then be on arrow or flash
I feel that as one of the DC bigs that GL can steal quite a bit of the flash's spotlight. I'd rather see the development of vibe, killer frost, firestorm, and maybe some lesser known characters as I find that they have a bit more freedom with them.
My entire team left in a game in halo reach and it was me verse 4 other people on the enemy team on swordbase. I killed 2 of them so the score was 2-0 then his the rest of the game to get the win occasionally getting a few assassinations in the process
343 wanted to find one of the easiest maps to remake so it wouldn't be hard to put out. They have mainly done fan favorites and easy maps to remake. That is why we also have Warlord.
Halo 3 and halo 2 have the best multiplayer
Warlock is nowhere even close to how good turf and terminal were and people liked those maps more as well. Lockout and stone town were obvious fan favorites and shrine was a good MLG map. Warlord and relic were just the easiest to remake
While I agree with that I know plenty of people who don't agree with that who like GL more than the Flash.
That's the thing the damage is done. Look at Battlefield 4. The game is practically fixed completely but they have little population growth since the game already has the reputation of being broken. Same with MCC. That is why they haven't put many resources towards fixing it. Its not profitable
Your rumors are false
Bullet magnetism in h4 and h2a is a little rrdiculous
I think I can safely say they won't bring reach on to the collection for a while now
Its better than before but still has plenty of issues. If you want to play matchmaking you should be good. Customs are much better now due to the recent update but still have some issues. You still can't save theater clips for later. Coop campaign still doesn't work properly for many people. Etc...
H2a vehicles are like frickin tissue paper
It depends how Xbox live cloud servers are doing that day
Halo 5 is going to have legacy options so in customs you'll be able to use previous halo settings if you please. Halo 5 based off the beta is actually much better than halo 4. Those are some reasons
One that doesn't exist. The characters are so much more interesting when they are not in a super hero team up
Well it says his own Felicity. Meaning hopefully a Felicity like character. So hopefully its Patty Spivot. That would be awesome
Diggle
Has he ever shot at the flash?
He learned that the hard way. Because of him making it so the flash wouldn't exist by giving him childhood trauma. He had to make Barry become the Flash so he could get his speed back
I'd love to see these for arrow season 1 and 2
I'd suggest trying HaloCustoms or Forgehub
There will most likely be weapon skins. I think it will not change the sights on the weapon or how the weapon functuons and hopefully it doesnt
It depends on your connection really. Some people take a few minutes to get into a game, some take a few seconds, and some people can't even get into games.
Oh so its like skirmish from reach with AI thrown in
These aren't customizable loadouts right? I'm pretty sure they are like skirmish in reach where there are preset loadouts that you unlock as the game progresses.
Hopefully we'll also get the falcon
Falcon's pls....
Thank you! someone else who understands that the falcon is the vehicle we need!
I've heard that the pistol is 4 shot headshot
Lol no. It's an aesthetic thing that should have no effect on gameplay
Most that I've heard is that people are mostly cool with it but hope that things like the req system have no effect in arena games
I hope this gets fixed so badly
I actually heard there was going to be more customization
http://m.imgur.com/a/v5vt1 This link might work a bit better
They should also do that with forge maps. Best 3 get implemented into dev maps
