Lol moron, I bet you didn't follow Madrid in all those years in order to make such a dumb claim. They were good signings.
2011-13 for two years he was very good and on track to reach world class status. Real Madrid was heavily rumored to have achieved a deal in summer of '13 to sign him in summer of '14 but they opted out of it later. As soon as the '13-'14 season started, the back injury happened which was very weird and didn't allow him to play at all for 1year+. He returned this season mid October and he had a relatively full season. He didn't perform that well, though it's hard to say if that was on him or the team underperforming in general. In my eyes it's a low risk high reward signing. Won't cost much, it might work wonders or be totally pointless like Hleb.
Your quote: &gt; Wasted so much money on shit transfers. The players that were brought shown in the image were good signings. David Beckham for 35 mil ? Are you serious ? He was at least a very good player if not world class and he's been the most marketable player in football history. Enormous return of investment potential. The transfer policy overall was definitely shit since we were buying players we didn't need, selling others that were vital, having shit coaches etc. Perez' first term rapidly became a total shitshow but the signings shown in the picture were good. Figo, Makelele, Beckham, Samuel, Ramos, Robinho, Ronaldo, Benzema, Alonso, Di Maria, Ozil, Isco, Carvajal all great players.
Τhe transfer policy was definitely shit in Perez' first term but I think it's been very good in his second term. I agree with the rest, despite signing good players from the summer of 2003 and onwards with the departure of Del Bosque, Makelele and Hierro things went downhill very fast. My initial argument was about the signings themselves, they were good. Everything around them was bad though so the club suffered. I just wanted to make that distinction clear cause it's important and it's hard for newer fans to notice it.
Don't worry about it, I was also extra aggressive for no good reason. I think Bale's history in England and his first season with Madrid justified Perez/Ancelotti starting him so much. He's a very high quality player that for unknown reasons couldn't perform to his standards this season. Isco this season was 6th in minutes played and 3rd in appearances. Last season he also had similar numbers meaning that in two years in Madrid he's been a core player rarely ever sitting out. All that as he just got 23 years old so don't hear what others like to say, Isco has not been hurt at all, on the contrary he's played extraordinarily a lot cause of circumstances. Jese sure got shafted this season but I don't think it was the wrong move. He didn't convince at all in his few appearances and sure, Bale was doing bad too but at least Bale is Bale, when he's having a bad game there's a chance he'll make something magical like last year's finals.
So when people accuse repeatedly Iker for being a rat with zero proof no one should do something about it ? How is that fair ? I agree that what happens behind locked doors shouldn't be leaked but if it does and it's lies then someone has to set the record straight or at least try.
Αre those tattoos on Messi permanent ones ?
Not only reach agreement, they can't even negotiate contracts with them.
It's meh. Anyone with decent football history knowledge though understands the difference between european cup and champions league. The difference is practically only in name as nothing else changed. The important list is european cup and champions league combined. Gento leads that one with 6 titles, an incredible record that only Messi has a somewhat decent chance to equalise or even break. If he doesn't make it, I think no one will. Behind him there's like 8 players from Real Madrid's legendary squad that won five in a row and Costacurta and Maldini that lived through a lot of Milan's golden periods. Then there are a few more RM players from the old days and the more recent magnificent Seedorf. After that, there are dozens with 3 and that's the jump that Xavi, Iniesta, Messi and Pique can make tomorrow.
Nope. From 1992 that was the last year as european cup to 1993 that was the first year as Champions League, literally nothing was different. The exact same format with only champions entering. The change you are referring to happened quite a bit later in 1998 where multiple teams per country started competing and overall the format became similar to what it's been for almost 20 years now. So to come back to my initial point, the name change from European Cup to Champions League was just that, a name change. Thus separating it as two different eras is wrong. Only reason it happens is because it suits the media's needs for pointless records etc.
Sure, there are many ways to do it, I prefer jdownloader2 it can grab the YT separate games or the YT full stream or the Twitch fullstream.
No point cutting his revenue from youtube. It literally takes 1min to turn a youtube video to mp3.
Yea, guess what though, Link always sucked dick in LoL as most of NA since they are by far the worst in producing homegrown talent. And that's been exactly the same with Stracraft2 and CSGO. Obviously those who fail will be bitter.
Wait a minute. Why is he the correct one and not a bunch of other pros who believe otherwise ? Let me guess, because he suits your beliefs. I'm not into Dota so I don't have a certain opinion but it's very likely Dota has more depth than LoL. That doesn't mean LoL has no depth. There's always going to be games with more depth, Brood War probably had more depth than Dota, so what ? LoL is a legit eSports. It's 2015, not 2011. No one can argue against that.
It's not a couple of months, it's literally half the season. Mid august to mid January.
And how many games of sevilla with vidal have you seen in total?
Don't worry about it, no one knows everything. In all European countries except Russia and a few other where winter is very severe, the season is from late August to late May and winter signings go through in January.
Why dodge the question ? Feel embarrassed to say the truth ?
I'm following [this guide](http://honkmahfah.blogspot.gr/2012/04/dark-tower-suggested-reading-order-for.html) to navigate through Stephen King's Dark Tower world. The one I finished this week is Hearts in Atlantis read by Stephen King and William Hurt. Despite not being fantasy and myself having no relation with living in US in the '60s, I liked the book, especially the first part of it which has also been made into a decent film. Next on my list is The Stand, pretty famous and big in size. I compared between two narrators, first one was Bruce Huntey and the second one was Grover Gardner, I'll probably go on with the latter.
He can play both LW and RW. Barcelona has no one for those spots except an mediocre Pedro. If there's injuries or rotation, Vidal might get some time as a winger. I agree though that he was probably bought for the RB position.
Still dodging. It's a simple question.
Both of the two groups of thought you are describing are wrong imo. There's just not enough data to be confident on whether he'll work out or not. It's a high risk signing, specially if Dani Alves leaves.
Lol what do I have to do with it ? I clearly said from the start "I'm not into Dota". You claimed "Link has formerly played Dota at a moderately competitive level" which is a ridiculous statement for which you provided zero proof to back it up hence it's pure bullshit. Of course pros play for the money, that's the very definition of the word "pro", doing something in order to get paid. If you are investing so much time into doing something without getting paid you are defined as an amateur. LoL had good prize pool tournaments for two years before Dota2 came up. As for the last part, you must be absolutely clueless to make that claim. Plenty of dota1 known players tried to make it in LoL, prime example is Hyhy who was very famous and even was a big part of Valve's documentary free to play.
They are a newspaper based on Barcelona so yes, they definitely focus a lot on FCB.
Don't know if this is a new rule but I like it.
So you think it's commendable for a player to decide to waste 1 year of his career doing nothing instead of joining other top clubs like Arsenal last summer ? When Ancelotti came he continued starting Khedira just like Mourinho did. Then Khedira got injured and Ancelotti found other solutions in the midfield that showed having Khedira as a starter is not optimal. He also never played well after his injury despite Ancelotti giving him some opportunities.
Real Madrid wanted to sell him last summer, they had accepted an offer from Arsenal but Khedira was asking for crazy money so it never happened. Similar to Illaramendi in January though Real Madrid at least with Ancelotti as the coach didn't want to force the issue and threaten the players with leaving them to train alone etc. Maybe Khedira thought he'd earn his spot in the RM squad but I seriously doubt that. He knew the chances of that were very low and chose to sit on his contract for 1 more season. Beyond that yea it would be very easy for him to find a top club since he'd be free.
I'm probably playing on an old patch. I got 3 blacksmithing and 5 crafting but I can't do anything to the legendary in the picture. NOTHING happens when I put it on the whetstone or when I add tormented souls/essences/poison on it. I can do all of that on normal weapons but not on that one. Why ? :s
Yea but they sometimes get leaked or there are rumors. I was just expecting something different based on the title.
I think Bartra is very good but it's pointless to stay in a team that rates you as 4th or 5th in line and there are rarely ever any injuries. If Vermaelen stays healthy, Bartra will get even less minutes next season.
I know R.Madrid has done it dozens of times but in which occasions did Barcelona do it ?
From the player's point of view, Bayern could be a great move. He could become an important player for them or even a starter.
I watched The Twelve Kingdoms like a year ago, I enjoyed it a lot. I agree on your warning, it's more about the journey than the destination with that one.
Hm freshon ?
It's a lot easier to act nice when you are winning.
What does he mean "Two bookings = 1 game" ?
Are you allergic with facts ?
Failing is part of competing, even the best go through it.
Oh okay, thanks. Dumb rule if you ask me, should be 3 yellows in any game.
Because the midfield was by far the weakest line this season.
Okay thanks. Think I'll play that with the Ehnanced edition.
Hell yeah! About time the people decided about their future directly. Looking forward to voting no.
Ι've never been hungry in my life and I doubt I will in the future.
Well, Rakitic is 5 years older than Pogba, he played for an inferior team and I also think he was on his last year of contract.
It's interesting that it's a loan but without the details it's hard to judge the deal.
Okay but you are not providing anything to base your claim they are wrong.
Inter will use him without fear then, specially if it's locked for 2 years.
We won the Champions League in 2002 so we've won two CL titles since 2002. Your initial post was one of the stupidest I've ever read in my life and I've read a lot of shit over the years. I could analyse it point by point but it's not worth it. Just this part in the end "lucky like Ancelotti" sums it up nicely.
Still doesn't make sense. What does luck have to do with the fact we've changed so many managers ? We were consistently getting better each season in Perez' 2nd term except Mourinho's 3rd season. We got close to it when we lost to Bayern in the penalties, we kept being one of the top teams and under Ancelotti we managed to be the best team in the world and rightfully won the Champions League. Luck had nothing to do with it. I'm not mad at all. I have the same state of mind regardless of what I'm reading. It can be something clever or something retarded like your post, it doesn't affect me. As for stating facts, first of all you failed by saying 1 CL since 2002. Secondly, your manipulation of facts by picking dates that help your argument is laughable and suitable for children. What does "past few years" even mean ? For some it means last 3 years, for others it means last 15 years. No matter how you pick your dates, our achievements have not been "sad" compared to Bayern or any other team in the world for that matter except Barcelona who have had a legendary squad in the last 10 years. Main reason for that was the core group of academy players Messi-Busquets-Iniesta-Xavi-Puyol. They themselves have failed to produce anyone even remotely close to that level of an academy player since Busquets like 7 years ago so it's obviously not a recipe that can be replicated. If that was the case Barcelona or one of the other tens of teams trying to reach the top would have done something similar too. The reasons you presented (sporting director, coach changes, veteran players having power, good transfers) don't make sense. Barcelona's sporting directors were failures, their transfers were for the most part atrocious, they've changed a similar number of coaches and their veteran players have a ton of power too.
It's blunt but controversial means there are enough people arguing the other side and I don't think that applies here.
