I felt the feels
I just hope it's not another cat :(
6pm in NYC...what's the problem? Looks normal to me. Every road red with an accident...check.
He was highly flawed, but you see the world through his eyes so it is very easy to relate to him.
He was a gray character in Life of David Gale. While for altruistic reasons, he allowed some really shitty stuff to go down.
I would argue he was the good guy in Glengary Glen Ross. You might have hated how he chewed out Jack Lemmon, but he was just doing his job as head of the office. Also it was one of my favorite roles of his: he was relatively unknown and surrounded by Legends of acting. Yet he was able to shine as brightly as every one of them.
41yo here. Loved the Farcry series. Also Fallout so far. Yet, I am a patient gamer, I can wait till it goes on sale. I am still waiting for GTA V to drop to 30 or less (we'll see what happens during the summer sale)
The ones that got me were: Of course I cheated and I had every right to because.....
Only with guys shitlord...if you want to prevent rape culture, feminists should only date feminists, even if straight. If you have straight sex, you are contributing to the patriarchy. ^am ^I ^doing ^this ^right?
7) some do, but it's usually more women who will shame other women who are sexual. I don't see it much anymore with the younger crowd.
This is a retarded article... Come at me xir!
Someone seems to be trying to make another go at it, even if not the original group.
Doesn't mean a bunch of kids are trying to get another one going. I mean, their parents will pay for a lot so who knows. I guess we will see when the times comes.
Same show: Pounding the pussy: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7uxj6vwAb1qciqjmo1_500.png
This made me very uncomfortable. Can I yell triggered yet?
Now you did it Shitlord. Now that you have apologized, I can refuse to accept it and bash you even further for no reason other than to espouse my superiority. I have to be doing this right by now.
They'll find the driver. Cases like this get solved. Way too many cameras around and kid dying is high profile.
After the blood bath it fell apart to me. It just never carried the momentum and skill as the first half of the movie. Ben Foster's role was great though and worth it just for that.
The mods of that group were a-holes themselves and were not that great. I don't know if they participated in the transgressions, but let's not kid ourselves. It was a shitty sub that was run terribly. Had the Mods had any control, they would not be in the position they are in now. I do know that there were pics that were stolen from certain sites and it took a lot of effort to get them taken down. One site was a BDSM social site where the pics are the property of the site and the poster. It was posted by a member who was basically a FPH type guy and called out for being an ass to other members on the site. As revenge, he thought it would be a laugh to post their photos on FPH. This is DANGEROUS, as it basically outed people who might have had their livelihoods damaged.
Imagine if Feminists were as disgusted with females who: cry rape to get back at men when no rape occurred or they just regretted it later; faked pregnancy so they can keep their boyfriends (also the women who sell used pregnancy tests to these females) ; who want out of a marriage and then claim abuse so they can get an edge on child custody or alimony; who verbally attack other females for not agreeing with their definition about how the world works; If they did all this, feminism in the west would not have the negativity associated with it as it does today. Then we could all work together to build and maintain an egalitarian society where the measure of a person's worth is not based upon race or sex, but on their actions and deeds.
Instead of a station, how about a planet? Also they could have a funeral with a funeral space barge you can follow for a few jumps till it hits the orbit of the memorial planet. It then shoots the remains to the planet (just like in Star Trek 2). I think it is okay for a planet, as there are many planets with just (planet 1b, ect) as the name.
Let's be honest here. Once the pain started, he was already at an advanced stage. With Cancer and other diseases, you need to get screened BEFORE signs show up. This is part of what the ACA was designed to do. If you have any health insurance that is ACA compliant your check ups and screenings are free. Everyone, find a time to go for your yearly physicals and don't wait for the last minute. PS: Sorry for your loss
Reminds me of the CK Louis joke where the doctor was like "Yea he probably has a bunch of tumors in his head."
No, you see. Guys are supposed to make any advances. Although, if you are wanted, it is reciprocated, and if not, then you are a rapist.
[another love story](http://imgur.com/555hb3D)
I think a lot of the posters in this sub are like: http://imgur.com/gallery/WaZGn
How is it compared to a MKIII?
I am guessing it is pretty heavily armored so even if you are getting your ass kicked you can jump away.
Not every company does this. Just look at Activision, especially the CoD series. Unless you think paying more for a 4 year game than a 1 year game is sale. I actually think Bethesda is doing more so we forget the whole "paid mods" debacle.
While that was one thing I thought of, I thought that having the ring would be even more dangerous if they know she was the ex-khaleesi
Are we really sure? It's almost too perfect. Even if not, it's kind of like MisandryMermaid at this point? It is just like fishing in a koi pond, just too easy and there is no need to get the fish out, you just go to the pond to visit the new fish.
You do have to remember that movies take some time to make. Just the actual film shooting was over 70 days. Then there is the prep for the role (he had to get more tan than he normally is, maybe work out to be more buff as he had to appear 'alpha') Then there is post production work (often actors will re-dub their voices for the film or even do reshoots after the main filming is done). Then there is doing the pre-release tour to get the word out (even for a film like this, they need to do the press run and everything) Basically an A-list high profile movie can take almost a year of work, so even getting the scale fee is money earned. On top of this, there is no guarantee there is another movie lined up right away. Some actors can get steady work right after every film (Samuel L Jackson). Others will do one movie a year, like Tom Cruise. Now if you are in a b-role and don't get steady work or really high pay like either of these actors, 60,000 can hold you for a while till you can hopefully get another job. Not to mention that the pay comes without deductions so they need to pay their own benefits and taxes (remember what happened to Wesley Snipes?).
See another dentist. It shouldn't hurt. I had one done, it was painless. The only thing that happened was at about 1am that evening I woke up, felt like I had a really bad toothache for about 10 mins, then it stopped and never felt anything in that tooth again.
Basically it takes a few episodes to get into it as it doesn't go for flash and it is setting up the whole series. As such, once it hits it's stride, it rarely lets go and it becomes one of the greatest media experiences you can encounter.
Looks good, but wasn't supposed to be released 2 years ago? I am worried that we are going to see a repeat of WatchDogs and it will be some great ideas, but won't live up to the hype they are projecting.
I feel as if she has been in the longest "friendzone" ever. She was willing to live a shitty life just to be with her love, even if not returned.
I noticed that a lot of it is perceptions and what you already have. I just think it was a shitty sale because I was expecting GTA5 to have at least a 20 dollar drop and be a highlight. Adding a "money card" and selling it for the same price is just insulting. Nothing else really looked worth it to me as money is tighter for me right now. Hopefully things will be good for the winter/x-mas sale.
Good ol' Cobleskill. If you ever want to see the most pathetic State University Campus, go there for a visit.
no spoilers, but will say it is one of my favorites and it will be one of yours as well. Edit&lt; I watched it early because I have work related stuff later today and was going to miss it anyway.
Unless you come out as Transblack, like the ex NAACP chick.
Basically every restaurant I have ever seen on that show was so close to death, it would have taken a miracle to keep it open. Let's face it, we should celebrate the fact that the show has kept ANY restaurant open, even if by accident. The worst one was the Indian food place with the roaches. It kept me from eating out for a while afterwards.
Yea, I don't watch it. I just watch the Adult Swim shows to fall asleep to, and for regular times only SU, Adventure Time, and if it's on and I am working Gumball. That's about it.
What happened was they were forced to give up their tips. It's scummy because people were giving it based upon the service of the waitress. A lot of people would not have tipped if they knew it was going to the house.
The fact it was in front of Greg. And Greg's reaction was amazing, just starting as he tried to remove the record stylus from the record.
Not sure. If I recall it was in New Jersey if I am recalling correctly.
Well let's face it. The police are made up of a larger percent of high school graduates who couldn't do much else. Of course they are racists. I feel the cops are more like the crew shown in Generation Kill. You have a small number of elite people who are smart and know what the hell they are doing. A whole lot of people who will do their jobs and follow orders even if retarded. They also are usually racist, but not mean people in general. Then there's Dave "Captain America" McGraw, who is going to end up shooting first and asking questions later.
Just think about this, most of us have flash drives larger than this HD.
You just fucked up my day :(
The comments remind me of the scene in Jaws when the Mayor is talking about the bounty on the shark and Quint scratches the blackboard to get everyone's attention and to remind them that he is the professional and stating how much it will really cost.
I think this is expected. Some people are grab one popcorn at a time type. Others are grab a few or a fist full at a time.
