Amazing read, thank you very much.
Damn you marry them young
If you have to worry about what post on reddit is safe at work or not, maybe you shouldn't be redditing at work. Anything that you see on your screen can be logged on the way to your computer very easily.
What controller settings do you run? First 50 matchmaking games since cartographers gift?
Two ways this can go. You go down for the ball or the ball takes you down. Capeesh?
Its also because we dont really have a windshield, and gear is part of the culture. The cruiser guys are all about no gear and jeans and tshirts when the weather is warm. Its easier to count who is wearing a helmet than not with the cruiser guys these days. Nobody wears them. A guy at work says he doesnt wear one (hes a harley guy) because he can see better without it (head turning etc). I think hes full of shit.
more than life support for someone who had a helmet, lived, but in a vegetative state?
I appreciate the safety aspects. The reason I support the helmet law is because I dont like having the government forcing things on me. Like the smoking in bars. I wear a helmet and I dont smoke.
It does seem to support that. There really isnt any excuse to not wear a helmet, or a seatbelt. But I always wear gear, and that includes leg protection, not just jeans.
Many smartphones have 1080p + screens and people want their videos high quality no matter where it comes from. If they made every video, no matter if it was from netflix or youtube a lower quality in the name of performance and bandwidth savings, that's one thing, but they are doing this to provide a premium experience for those services that drink the binge on koolaid, and a crappier one for those who do not. This is the biggest argument for why net neutrality is such an important issue. Binge on is a sneaky way of selectively throttling their customers experience, and people are right to be angry about it.
For training, i think sniper swat would be fun too. No damage to the body.
mag :)
and beaf curtains
That's not the point, you should not have to "turn it off" or jump through hoops. It's anti network neutrality no matter if you can turn it on and off or not. You could have a tmobile binge button that turns it on or off, but it turns it on or off for *everything*. Otherwise, you are creating an anticompetitive service. They are hiding behind bandwidth savings in order to differentiate various video services. This is very non network neutral. They should not be able to "slam" their new service on everyone, without their consent. It should be off by default.
That's exactly what they want you to worry about. A cap. Capping some services and not others is terrible, and a dangerous slippery slope. What if you start having to pay to access the real Internet instead of a binge on curated walled garden website, kind of like aol was way back in the day?
Catch that falling knife son
Unless you are one of the ones that actually got raped?
Hugo Boss, man. How badass is a damn uniform with a skull on the hat? Damn, cold as ice.
Yeah the waffen SS deaths' head and lightning bolts are A-ok.
What a gas!
Look at the size of the shells.
Dont get overrun. Treat your spawn as a base to be defended like it is.
Do you guys prefer the joystick over the mouse? Or all you all sim mode only? It seems like the mouse guys would chew me apart if I used my joystick.
This isnt germany or sweden.
Dont use their shitty DNS servers.
The face. LOL
Have you played? Because its fun as hell. Its a computer simulation, you are going to get that kind of thing. The nice thing to know is that other people have the same issues, so its a level playing field.
nethack?
isnt that historicle? I think the tiger was so feared becaue of its amazing gun and optics (which is gimped here, since everyone has the same optics :()
Bill Gates? Come on Bro
You would be as much of a creep there as you are wherever you live.
Shes trying to point out that even if she were to walk around naked, it still wouldnt be asking to be rape or deserving it. Also it gets her the attention to her cause, having a nice body like that.
I thought fanny = ass
Incredible white knight attempt.
So stupid
So they should probably call and cancel their water if they do not want the bill.. Its an automated system, I would think. I certainly would. Are they using the water to bath in as well as run their toilets? Crappy situation for sure.
The water is clear from the lead supply, or mostly clear. This is pee water.
Flint poisons its own river, the town is a shithole, and they are pissed that they cannot use detroit water, which is amongst the cleanest in the country.
Asking federal money should automatically remove the governor from office for allowing it to get this bad. You get the money, sure, but you are also out.
Except he was doing the wrong thing from the start.
I just meant that its not drinkable, but people are still using it for toilets etc. You can't expect it to be free.
I don't think the water starts with lead in it in the river, it's leaching from the old pipes drawing water out of the river.
I just can't get used to the force feedback, no matter what I try.
I thought we would see them get "blood eagled" :(
A good start?
Both world wars were started where? Who came to help both times?
What I'm getting at is that we are all guilty of violence, corrupt politicians and complacent populations (where was Europe when Germany annexed Poland? Russia recently with the Ukraine). The less time we spend putting blame on general groups of people and more on focusing on the problems such as these bad bankers (euro central banks are no less corrupt than anyone else) the better the entire world can be. Let's get off this anti X country rhetoric.
even the eyebrows, you tyrant. I'm afraid to ask where else there is dye.
does the game still punish joystick users?
IT Pro here: absolutely it is. And you may still get hit with something if you dont pay attention.
