don't forget WVU, they'll bring their couch burning expertise
I wonder if we'll finally get the hard proof that Paterno knew
UCF just earned BC's vote to join the ACC
China has job turnover around ~40% year one and between 25-33% every other year. They myth that people should be loyal to a corporation is a western sentiment, while it sucks to manage people flowing in and out like that, it makes sense given wage and promotion stagnation. It's tough to leave a small organization, but fuck large corporations, I'm just another employee ID in a database somewhere.
http://i.imgur.com/dgH8ht8.gif
Oh Penn and their \#Unryvuhld
THE CIVIL **CONFLICT**
It's going to be like Texsa, but bigger
You've got to be fucking kidding me ...
So Texsa was actually a typo.. for Texsas, the plural for Texas
I wonder what direction Adidas would bring Rutgers....
It looks like something Louisville would wear :-( I appreciate the effort though
&gt; It makes the Penn State fans come across as arrogant which, in turn, makes them sound like Penn State fans FTFY
a bunch of random pointless banter, a couple full pages of arrancar, Aizen says something condescending, a reveal of Ginjo in the last panel
I don't know how I feel about this
CONFERENCE CHAMPIONS FOREVER
I thought I read that a lot of their revenue assumptions were based on being in C-USA
I'm going to have to reference this week 1 when Temple shocks the world with a big W over Penn State
Yes, sure it would kill the fun.. but my finances would get sooo much better after all of that sports betting
The we miss having a knight as our "rival" cup (baby come back)
I'm not in the freedom delivering business, I just wave tiny american flags
This is why Arkansas is afraid to play them
Don't you mean UConn and USF? We all know that the Bulls are secretly behind this.
Everything in college football revolves around the oldest football university, it's just logic. Also, I didn't say anything about a rivalry, you won inexplicably - had we kept running the ball or benched a guy who was clearly struggling, that game could have very well went the other way.
there's also /u/hm101 and... umm.. others
I have him tagged as mega-Hitler
Anywhere really, close to home.. Like BC or UConn.. Maybe even all the way out there to Syracuse. California to play another Pac-12 team, I'd love to play Stanford. Texas or Oklahoma to play a Big XII team. Somewhere down in SEC country, not Arkansas since we played them recently. Maybe Tennessee because of the 70s. Boise State, because they abandoned the Big East. Hawaii, because reasons.
PJ Flecks a part of that relatively obscure Greg Schiano coaching tree
Both schools are in the top ten largest schools in the nation (by enrollment)
Should have double checked before I posted, thanks for the correction
The Stanford Band is one the my favorite traditions in college football, even if they might have been forced to chill out a few times
No.
You're God damn right!!
I mean, I feel bad... but then again since we're playing this year I don't
We could use another SEC QB
:-(
AGREE TO DISAGREE
You were so close to getting AAU status back too!
The more I hear about this guy the more I think he's out of his fucking mind
Something is better than nothing, now the coaching staffs can worry about coaching instead of scheduling. I wonder if this will play any role in recruiting. In any event, it will be cool to play dunk city a couple of times a year (FGCU).
THE MOTHER FUCKIN' MARTIAN IS GOING TO COME OUT IN NOVEMBER!!! Anyone else excited? I loved the book
you can't really overlook a game at the end of the season before the season begins .. but they are tOSU fans.. I need to think this over a bit more.
8/14
Agreed and agreed
Probably not, it seems hastily thrown together
It's not you, it's the sub's awful reputation
We didn't cut as many sports, but I think we cut like 6 in the mid 2000s (I am on my phone). We didn't make nearly as much money in the Big East as Maryland did in the ACC
A few friends of mine took an Uber in Shanghai.. they drove around the block a few times before the one guy whipped out apple maps (lol) and told the driver how to get there. God I miss the never ending supply of dumplings..
Anybody else see the season finale of Silicon Valley? I hope they're on for a season 3.. they can't end it like that
First time I had boiled peanuts was in China.. they were, okay I'm sure Murica does it better, but right now the bar is set pretty low.
