12, Dennis Martinez 6/2/98. Danks' is the 15th of ten or more in that span.
Any part of the bench in any dugout in any major league park. How did anyone else get here without that being their answer?
&gt; To you, it's just a baseball. That thing can brighten a kid's whole day though. Why would it be "just a baseball" to the grown man? If his reasoning was that he'd never caught one before, then obviously it means more to him than being "just a baseball." The whole damned *game* is grown men running around doing what kids do. I would be willing to bet that the ball means far, far more to the man than to the kid. If I had been given a ball as a kid, I don't know what I would have done with it. Probably played with it myself in the yard. I certainly wouldn't have bragged to my friends or anything, since after all, I was *given* the thing. I didn't catch it. But when I caught a foul ball at the age of 23, I was old enough to know exactly what that ball was. It was a piece of the game I love, that I had spent 23 years building up a deep, romantic appreciation for. Something that I revered, cherished as sacred, and out of it popped a little tiny piece that fell into *my* hands. I can look up the play-by-play and see the word "Foul" and know that *I caught that foul*, that that word is indelibly etched into baseball's permanent history and it involved *me.* It was an *honor*. No kid thinks of it that way. You are only obligated to give a kid a ball if you directly interfere with his/her chance to catch/retrieve it themselves. Otherwise it's yours.
Of course that's how it is. What you say with scorn I say with conviction. It really, really does mean that much to me.
ITT: quite a lot of people who are ignoring the butterfly effect. As soon as you start interfering with past events, everything starts to change, and those changes snowball into large, global changes over time. If we're talking a span of 3000 years, by the time you made it back to 2015, not a single person on this planet (including you, though I suspect the genie would take care of this paradox) would have been born, nor would their parents, grandparents, etc. There would be people, but they'd be an entirely different set of people. There would be no computers or automobiles or airplanes, no television or radio, *unless someone happened to come up with them on their own.* The English language, if it had been allowed to evolve at all, would be entirely different. The countries we know wouldn't exist. Maybe the new world would be objectively better. Maybe it would be much worse. Rather than take the chance, I'd either decline the offer or find a cave to sit in for 3000 years.
The only explanation I can think of is the first pitch. It was low and away, looked good and the ump raised his arm and clearly called strike. It's possible that he then changed his mind and it wasn't captured on video. The other strike was dead center and Votto swung and missed.
The angle from directly behind the fan at 2:46 does show that he didn't touch the ball. I wonder if the replay man didn't see that angle, because it looked pretty cut-and-dry to me. Maybe his very presence counted as interference, which I suppose is the spirit of the rule if not the letter.
Adding the /s ruins the humor. Let it stand on its own merit, and if the joke is well-phrased and contextually appropriate, people with intelligence will appreciate it.
Maybe it's because I recently watched *Baseball* but I read this in John Chancellor's voice.
Having a magical run in the regular season only to be annihilated in the end by the Yankees. I mean, they made a *musical* about it.
I've never seen a bat carry through the zone that fast. All I've seen so far is his last PA where he walked, but each time he swung I don't think the bat stayed over the plate for more than a frame. I have this weird feeling that I'm going to remember what I was doing when I tuned into the eighth inning of the choppy mlbtv stream of Joey Gallo's debut.
Some of that seemed to be channeling the roommate from Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
It needs to be stressed that it happened in the *same series to opposing teams*, and that neither pitcher walked anyone. This Is The Greatest Game In The World.
The kid needs a nickname to go with the stellar career he's about to begin. I propose "The Iron Giant" but I'm willing to hear other suggestions.
He can't slap it past him because if he could then they wouldn't shift on him.
His job is to see if there's *conclusive evidence to overturn the call on the field.* That's how it's supposed to be approached.
To fall down at your door
As far as I know, field umpires are still empowered to overturn their own calls, which they should have been able to do after watching the replay on the jumbotron.
&gt; 2004-2015 (so 10 yrs, plus two months) That's actually 11 years and two months.
My OCD *hated* the uneven divisions. My OCD *still* hates the uneven schedule and playing the same interleague teams over and over. It could easily be fixed but they don't care.
The National League was founded in 1876 and for much of the 19th century it was all there was. There were rival leagues occasionally, often with different business practices and the gumption to steal NL players away, but they all faded away. Then the American League declared its majority status, had the money and clout to threaten the NL, and all the "senior circuit" could do is accept the new rivals. They gradually started to incorporate themselves together, with codes of conduct, a commissioner, and collective bargaining, and eventually we just started calling it Major League Baseball. The rules were exactly the same until 1973 when the AL adopted the DH and the NL didn't.
Well, there is a reason, which is that there are seven days in a week and that's not a multiple of 3. They want one series each weekend, and stacking 3-game series one after another would quickly ruin that alignment. Scheduling an off-day every week would lengthen the season considerably. The alternative is to play a 4-game series one week and have an off-day the next. In practice it doesn't work out that evenly but it's the general idea.
And the confusion probably stems from the fact that they kept "league" in their names. The same thing happened in the NFL but the two merging leagues became "conferences" instead.
If I'm the batter and they move the catcher into the field, I'm just going to swing and miss at three straight pitches and saunter to first on a strikeout. Doesn't seem to be a particularly intelligent defensive move.
Why not "don't cross the streams?"
I'll leave it to you to figure out the details of what befell each player. &gt; *Well, Mr. Burns had done it* &gt; *The power plant had won it* &gt; *With Torii Hunter counting every mile* &gt; *Buster Posey's got gaps in his smile* &gt; *And Ryan Howard's missing in the tire pile* &gt; &gt; *We're talkin' softball* &gt; *From Anaheim to Scranton* &gt; *Talkin' softball* &gt; *From Moustakas to Stanton* &gt; *Hamilton is playing hide and seek* &gt; *The Feds are on the hunt for Rickie Weeks* &gt; *We're talkin' Homer, Tulo, and the Freak*
Honestly I think this sort of thing is why players have twitter accounts. It's not something you do on the field, but maybe pass by the clubhouse the next day, and if the team has left then you make 140 characters out of it.
If there's been a greater regular-season game ever played, it's not been nominated so far.
I was there but I don't remember it as a positive *experience*. The tension and the pressure (and the noise) were too much. By the end I would have taken a loss just so it would be over.
A dangerous attitude in the spoiling game. It's got us into trouble before.
ChillOne helped us most of the way through S6 but his source faltered in S8. And then there's missyae. Even Snewser got a couple things wrong. Since Redmond isn't actually *spoiling* in this particular case, it isn't a problem right now, but it's an attitude we who take the game seriously should avoid adopting.
&gt; On 1, it seems historically certain that Jesus really existed and was a popular preacher. The bulk of writings about Jesus talk about the things he said and did before his death. There is no contemporary evidence of the existence of Jesus. None at all. I'm happy to be wrong on the subject if presented with good evidence. When historians "agree that Jesus existed," the conclusion basically revolves around "it's difficult to believe the man was invented entirely out of whole cloth." History is not a science and they're not held to the same rigors of testability or burden of proof.
What do we know about Anne Frank? Is it just her diary? It isn't, because there is plenty of evidence *outside her diary* that she was a historical person and that the events she describes in her diary actually happened. It's *externally corroborated.* The Gospels don't have *anything* corroborating them. They were written after the fact by authors we can't be sure of and there's nothing else that backs them up. If all the external evidence of Anne Frank were to be lost, the photographs and Dutch and German records and all eyewitness accounts, and all the cultural memory we've collected about these things, and in two thousand years all we had was her diary, *then we could doubt her existence too.*
In this example I suspect there are ways of determining the battle took place. Digging around in records and the location and such. If you're looking for details of how the battle went, then you might only have those two sources, but what should be considered is whether those sources have influence on each other. Do they have the same biases, did they experience it from different perspectives, etc. If we conclude that those sources aren't good enough, and there isn't anything else, then it would be justifiable to doubt the historical veracity of the Battle of Carrhae.
I like the phrasing of this question as opposed to the usual "what record is unbreakable?" After seeing Ripken, Ichiro, Henderson and McGwire/Sosa/Bonds all in my lifetime, I don't accept the notion that any record is unbreakable. The game can change.
If folks weren't so scared of sabermetrics the starters could just be automatically determined by highest WAR through June 30.
Target Field, named the best sports complex in the country when it opened just five years ago, is leased to the club through 2037. You might literally be the first person to mention the Twins and relocation in the same sentence since the park was approved.
The Twins have a rookie reliever, JR Graham, who wears full stirrups. His mother is legally blind and he wears them so she can pick him out on the field. As a pitcher you'd think it would be pretty easy to keep track of him, but it goes back to his Little League days and he's kept up the tradition.
An interviewee in Ken Burns' series notes the fortuitous serendipity of that particular choice. Had it been 87 feet, think of the close plays at first that wouldn't have happened, the number of times the stolen base record would have been smashed. Had it been 93 feet, batting averages would plummet and double plays would be mundane. 90 feet was *perfect.*
The only people not allowed to discuss a no-hitter are the players on the pitcher's team. The other team, the broadcasters, the fans are allowed to do whatever they want.
OH COME ON!!!
First tripler scored on the second triple, second was picked off on a botched squeeze plot, and the third was stranded.
It wasn't an actual play, the batter missed the sign and failed to swing, allowing the runner to be easily picked off.
This was something instituted when interleague was normalized season-wide. The two-and-two series is intended to be against your interleague "rival," except in years where the interleague rotation schedule has you play all the teams in your "rival's" division. That's happening this year, and so instead of having it be a rivalry series, it's a two-and-two series against another opponent in that division.
In my head I would put it around the late 70s/early 80s when the money involved in the game began to take off exponentially (free agency, tv deals, etc.). [This is a photograph of a Dodger Stadium crowd in the 1970s](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/Pete_rose_at_bat.jpg). You'd be hard-pressed to find even a cap, let alone a jersey in those seats. Modern Dodger fans might forgive me when I say that LA was never the most rabid of baseball towns, but the team was competitive throughout the decade and obviously the seats were full. Merchandise just wasn't a thing back then.
And the crowd respects it. I dunno if anyone's ever said this, but Cardinals fans are pretty good.
When interleague first started in the 90s, the teams you played were almost random. The exception was your "natural rival," the team which in most cases was geographically closest to you (Yankees-Mets, Rays-Marlins, etc.). You played that team every year. When they expanded interleague in 2013, they gave it some structure: you played all the teams in a specific division, which rotated from year to year. However, they kept the "rival" concept by adding a two-and-two series that would be played each year no matter what other teams you played in interleague. The exception is when the interleague division you play is the same one in which your rival plays. In that case, your rival simply becomes part of your normal interleague schedule. The two-and-two series, however, remains in the schedule (somewhat inexplicably), and is played against *another* team in that division. That's what's happening this year: each division is playing its interleague counterpart (East vs. East, etc.). Since all the rivals are now lined up by division, the two-and-two series isn't played against the rival, but against another interleague team.
This case is a little extreme. The last time a team was this dominant (seven members of the 1957 Reds), they actually did take voting away for 12 years.
There has never been a major-leaguer with a last name starting with X. The 1926 World Series ended with Babe Ruth caught stealing second. The Padres have never played in Toronto. The Blue Jays have played in San Diego three times.
Net neutrality should have no effect on MLB's streaming performance. The streams suck for me but I tend to chalk that up to going through a VPN because they won't let me watch my home team.
