It's 4 am I don't need these feels
Tomorrows headlines "PM of Canada calls referendum, wants to return to simple life of moose hunting"
Fair enough
I just got my wisdom teeth out, talk about a tooth ache
Habs shoulda signed Shaw for a day
When I'm playing in beer leagues I've used a halfie since I turned 18, playing college I obviously half to use a cage
Breakaway off the draw, deke left go right. Empty net and the puck rolled off my stick ;_; #neverforget
i got all 4 out on tuesday, my face is still 3x what it should be
From keys and skins ive spent well over $1000, hell ive done $1000 in bets alone
I average about 20 :( fuck TWC
The Best of shit isnt really good imo.
Well jobs is dead so that certainly doesn't help him out in terms of earning more money.
Holy ducking shit do you just sit there rubbing your thumb on that spot?
I've had a rival 300 for a bit now and it's not too bad in terms of wear. Only thing I don't like is how it feels when I sweat
Also is complete trash, keeps his trapper down by his leg and can't butterfly to save his life
i havent found anything yet that doesnt get that sweaty feel other than the shitty mouse that came with my prebuilt a few years ago. since i was too cheap to buy a nice mouse until recently i used that until eventually the scroll wheel broke. Ive heard good things about the razer taipan though
waiting for afforementioned album
i was playing h1z1 the other day and tried to pull down on the AK ;_;
It was when my dad ran with the mafia in Utica, he's 56
They are, it's called Narcos. It's on Netflix. Right now it's centered on Escobar but they plan to keep it rolling into future drug lords so it's safe to say our pal Joaquinn here will get a season
Canada does as well
That is Alex ovechkin, known for not playing defense
I've spent at least $200 on keys, best thing I got was a ST kill confirmed. I bought my knife for $200 as well. It's cheaper that way
Are you my dad? He fucking loves that shit
my dad is obsessed with that shit since he started a diet, which lost him 30lbs, but i dont believe that its due to some stupid salt
I could do a lot of things with a million dollars
i should win because karambutt is dream knief
I read somewhere that the bankruptcy was actually a strategic move for a lawsuit he's involved in and obviously he isn't broke
/u/ballotbot draw 3
np bro, enjoy :)
yea thats what i figured when he messaged me. Why would a streamer who could win any bet he wants want to trade for my little old M9 Marble Fade?
not sure how he did the "items for trade" but the rest is just basic copy pasting
I didn't buy them, I bet and traded up to them :p
Just when I've had enough csgo for a day this pops up, God dammit....
F
I opened FN stat trak retribution. Probably my favorite skin after my marble fade M9
Ditto, I miss the FN ST bullet rain I lost in a bet
C9 kappa https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=109330798&amp;token=e17X9fp0
KQLY would like a word with you
Guitar and disco are my favorites
Amd is a computer company???
he had an m82, which will run you around 10k
I am also interested in the demo
It makes sense, I'll play a game at MG1/MG2 level and if I'm on the other team calls hacks
Thanks for the giveaway :)
LOL this kid following you PM'd me and said "you're the one who has issues silver"
Wouldn't having your dominant hand on top over use your hand as it's the only hand you're supposed to stick handle with?
So I suppose your home buy scoring is the creamy filling that makes you feel warm and bubbly inside?
I don't know, as a right hand dominant person and shooter. Never had any issues with stick handling. I've always had pretty slick hands and a nice shot
its a joke about how the genny coupe is a rehashed tiburon
