There's always going to be that one guy who shotguns the good craft beer, that's why you always bring a crappy flat of Molson dude.
Put it something like a septum clicker to make taking it out and putting it back in less of a hassle.
If your building has 4 meters, then it also has 4 panels. It is strange that all 4 of these panels would be in an area that isn't accessible to you, is there a portion of the building that you aren't able to get to? It's really difficult to wire a duplex, triplex or fourplex incorrectly and cross wires over. You don't just haphazardly jump from one room in one unit to another room a different unit. It's just not something that is going to happen very often. You said that you check voltages at all of your outlets and were able to roughly confirm that 8 of 9 were on a single 120v leg of your panel, probably not a big surprise because with that few receptacles, they are honestly probably all on the same circuit. Things you haven't taken in to account are lights being in the other leg of your panel. What about large plug-in appliances like your fridge? Or did you pull it out from the wall to test the voltage? Kitchen hoodfan or Microwave OTR, dishwasher, washing machine? It is EXTREMELY unlikely that there is anything wrong. The only thing I could see being an issue is the ungrounded outlets and your electronics.
They say that until there is a fire and guess who the first person to get a finger pointed at is going to be.
Again, those are HOME speeds, you can get way faster speeds for businesses because you're needing to possibly provide Internet for hundreds of employees, not just 4 people
State of the art machines.... AMD processors and 8.00GB of RAM with no mention of MHz.
I have a friend who despite finally agreeing with me that it was Laurie after weeks of arguing with him that there was no 'r' at the end, still just says Laurier. This was probably 8 years ago. I don't know if it's out of habit or just to spite me.
Seeing as there is no 'i' between the 'v' and 'ous', no it isn't.
It's just because we have the Internet now that it seems so consistent. Not saying that it makes any of it justifiable, but you get national and world wide news now, instead of local only.
Weapon checks are pretty much standard now to make sure nothing is sharp, or real. And you get a bright zip-tie or something similar attached to said weapon.
The old brown is 219, reddish brown is 192.
*sips root beer*
If only I had a bunch of white croissants to make stone statues at the top of all of my buildings like the Parisian Restaurant.
Ya, I hadn't thought of that until after I edited my response. At least it's only 1 piece that is wrong then!
Edit: double
Based on the picture, it looks like the majority of your house is fed with multi-wire branch circuits. This is 2 hots with a shared neutral. The thing that you will want to look for are quad breakers. There will be 4 handles on them, a pair in the middle tied together for 240V, as well as a single15A on the top and bottom. You do need to make sure though that you aren't putting too many circuits in your panel, on the sticker on it there should be two numbers separated by a slash. Based on the panel schedule picture you posted, your panel has 30 breaker slots, so the number should be "30/XX". The second number is the maximum number of circuits you can have in the panel, you aren't allowed to exceed that number. Edit: the part number you'll want is HOMT1515215, you can swap the last 3 numbers with 220, 230, 240, or 250 to change the rating of the middle 2 breakers. You can also change the first numbers to 2020 to have single 20s depending on your needs.
What does the left side of your panel look like? It looks like you have a couple more tandem breakers over there that could possibly be changed to quads to make room. It also looks like the bottom right breaker is a 2-pole 20A, but both wires are black, are you able to confirm that those two black wires come from separate 12/2 cables with independent neutral wires?
ITT: people who don't know the difference between a spoiler and an airfoil.
The lights going through Kensington all the way up to the University is a completely separate problem. As much as it slows down traffic a bit, southbound doesn't bottleneck anything close to as badly as northbound. They need to look as sinking Crowchild through that whole corridor through Kensington and designing similar to how Glenmore is now.
Any deep fryer that I've seen or owned in the last 10 years has a magnetic cord attachment on the back of the unit so that if you pull the cord, it just comes apart at the magnet, takes barely any force to detach them. Until they make the countertop mounted plug boxes cheaper and I find a builder that won't make me pay for the hole in the granite, the only island I would put one on top of would be my own, and that's just because I think they're cool, not that I find them necessary.
62-202 (2) - A manually operable control for an electric heater in a bathroom shall be located at least 1m from the bathtub or shower stall, this distance being measured horizontally between the control and the bathtub or shower stall, without piercing a wall, partition, or similar obstacle. (3) If the condition in Subrule (2) is not practicable, a manually operated control shall be permitted to be located not less than 500mm from a bathtub or shower stall provided that it is * (a) protected by a ground fault circuit interrupter of the Class A type; or * (b) supplied by a Class 2 circuit operating at not more than 42.4V peak or DC. Don't see any mention of a sink in here.
We got ourselves a good old Canadian fight going on here. I'll meet you for a hockey game in the Tim Horton's parking lot in 15 minutes so we can truly settle this.
Bathroom vs. washroom. Every single **bathroom** code exists because of the tub or shower, not because of the sink. I'm going to get a picture of a panel located right beside a toilet in a washroom just to make you pull your hair out.
Of course I'm a little angry. Multiple other people are arguing against you, multiple codes have been brought up showing that you are wrong, direct definitions from the code book for the differences between a washroom and a bathroom. And you're still just like "Meh, not in my opinion."
I've never had an issue with my Telus 50, but I'm on fibre too. Are these your speeds on wifi? Or LAN?
He's just going to either find a scabby master whose willing to ruin his reputation for a few extra bucks to pull them for him. Or just not pull a permit when he should.
I heat gunned 2.5" just last week, just had to kick it over to a wall by about 4 inches so I could transition it to EMT. Can confirm that it took a solid 45 minutes to get it warm enough.
Might want to check the StanData, had more than one thing from there turn up on a test while in school.
This situation with both trailers and food trucks has been a pretty common question over the last few months. Run as much as you can off of propane and minimize your electricity. It's not really feasible yet to live off of 100% solar with the need of MASSIVE battery banks. You could easily run all of your lighting off of it by making sure it is 12 LED, and a few general purpose outlets to charge phones and stuff. But you're not going to be able to put in full sized stove, fridge, microwave and dishwasher in that thing, it's just not going to happen. Propane fridge, propane stove, everything else is an unnecessary luxury. Use laundromats to wash your clothes, hand wash your dishes, a microwave is almost a guaranteed no as almost all of them are 1000W or higher. If you really need a TV or computer, look at a small 3000W generator, you can get some that are pretty quiet nowadays.
Pretty sure that 50% of the posts on here from homeowners have them referring to breakers as fuses, or at least calling a breaker panel a fuse box.
I'm actually pretty impressed they were able to get it squeezed in to an octagon box.
Splice and pigtail all the things!
Generally that Velcro is to wrap the cord up when it isn't in use... Also, I've got a pretty big power hogging laptop and the power adapter is rated for 2.25A input, and 9.5A outlet. Smaller units generally have closer to like 3.5A output. To compare that being wrapped in Velcro, with wrapping 8x power home runs that could be pulling close to 100A of power if most were under nearly full load with Velcro, is pretty ridiculous.
If you punch or drill a hole and put in a plastic bushing, you are perfectly fine to run romex. How do you think you're supposed to run cat5 or coax through steel studs when you can't get them in as an armoured cable. Same rules apply.
No, not for temp, this is the permanent install, panels tend to be a little more industrial looking over here in the US/Canada. I wish our panels were cleaner looking and mostly plastic like other places around the world.
As long as they don't get worn for days at a time without cleaning, they shouldn't cause any problems.
They all need to be interconnected in Canada too. But you are able to get wireless ones now that only need a 120V power source, and you pair them to talk to each other wirelessly. I would also call a local inspector. I'm in Alberta and got an email about 2 months ago saying that we're going to be required to have a detector on each floor, PLUS one in every bedroom. Also, any detectors on a floor that have bedrooms, or some form of gas burning appliance (fireplace, stove, furnace, etc), need to be smoke/co combination detectors. You also need an extra one in your furnace room if it is framed separately from the rest of the living area of the floor it is located on. Edit: I'm not sure if your house has a basement, you didn't mention in your post, but if it does and you were hoping to get away with not having to add one down there because you weren't doing work down there, be completely prepared to be asked to add them in the basement too.
Your ground and bonding system needs to be a completely interconnected. You can't just add a new ground in the barn without it being connected to the house. If you were to get a surge or major ground fault, the fault could go through the ground and up through the other ground at your barn and completely mess up either one of these units. There have been lots of problems over the last number of years because guys aren't properly being taught when to bond, or when to ground. So they just pound a ground rod in because they think it's protecting their equipment, and it's because of the ground rod that their equipment ends up getting ruined when something goes wrong. Under ideal circumstances, you should be putting a small sub panel out there, or at least a 15A circuit that you can bond to, or when you're running your Ethernet cable, run a ground wire in the same conduit, because you shouldn't be direct burying Ethernet cable anyways.
Have you properly paired up the remote and receiver in the ceiling? On both there are usually 4 dip switches to match up the frequencies. The idea behind these is that you're technically just supposed to hook up the fan receiver directly to 120V power instead of a switch leg, and control the unit with the remote and ignore the switch. But you can also get wall switches that can pair with the receiver as well. I've gotten so many calls from owners saying their fan stopped working because one of their kids opened up the remote and had hit a dip switch and changed the frequency.
You want to use the existing light box as a junction box, leave it there because it is also being used for your door chime transformer, that is what the unknown device is. Just need to splice a new wire on to the wire that is going to the existing light, white to white, black to black, all 3 grounds together. Use the proper wire knockouts and clamps on the sides of the box and get a round blank cover for it, don't leave the box open.
Besides buying isolation transformers, you're basically out of luck unless your boxes are secretly grounded. I'm pretty sure it was the 1968 NEC that finally changed to requiring a ground on receptacles, so anything prior to that might have a ground wire to the box, but wasn't required to the receptacle. As for adding grounds to all of your receptacles, it's a huge pain, and yes, 99% of the time it's going to involve wall damage. What usually gets done nowadays is to add a GFCI outlet at the beginning of the circuit, and have all of the receptacles downstream of it on the load side. When the GFCI reads a difference in current on the hot and neutral, it cuts out, assuming it's going to the "ground" that you don't actually have, but this doesn't help you against surges.
Can I somehow find you IRL and give you a hug for this asset?
Can you take a photo of the nameplate? Is the equipment able to be hooked up with 208v 3-phase or 240v single-phase? Usually the nameplate will say both but the 250v falls under the +/- 10% that most equipment is rated to handle. It just seems strange that a piece of such expensive equipment that can be hooked up to single or 3-phase, wouldn't be able to take a slightly higher voltage, which is pretty common nowadays.
From the factory, the receptacle and switches should be pretty much the same distance out from the wall as the front of the faceplate, as long as you have the same brand devices and faceplates. Sounds like you're just extra picky about stuff like this, which is fine. But just remember that you can always tighten them a little more, but once you've over tightened, then you've got to take the whole thing off to bend the ears back.
Or you know, they hit the reverse button.
I don't get why this is always a question regarding dental work. They shoot your mouth so full of novacaine that you could bite your tongue off and not feel it. Everyone dreads root canals, I finally had to have one last year, didn't feel a thing. Got all 4 wisdom teeth pulled with nothing but novacaine on February, took longer for the freezing to take full affect than it did for them to pull the teeth and sew me up.
The tester could easily just pick up some voltage being induced on to the ground wire with that many wires all coming through that tiny space. Can I ask why you took all them apart in the first place? I'm assuming there was a light there previously that you are replacing with the fan, and the wires were all nicely twisted together with wire nuts.
That's exactly how it works, just plug in wherever. Only problem is that there is no larger pin for a neutral prong, so anything polarity sensitive might not work 50% of the time. Also the obvious no ground.
I blame Glee.
The spray foam usually comes with a small plastic hose that you can stick through the hole, you can't expect to fix this and NOT get ANY in the box, it's just not going to happen. Once the foam dries, just pick out what little bit does end up in the box.
