Prohibitive cost vs value, underwhelming build quality, lack luster styling and performance. GM hasn't made an interesting vehicle in 40 years.
Looks like fun, AWD yes? Can hardly call it a Volkswagen anymore though.
An E30. I won't argue the downvotes, it was a little rude. I guess I'm bored because of the super boring Jetta. Does no one drive interesting cars anymore?
If you insist on subjecting yourself to bottom tier performance and craftsmanship that's fine. But don't expect the community at large to share in your fanaticism.
A remake? Absolutely not! A Sequel? Maaaaaaayyyybe. I could see Johnson take the helm. Hell theres already source material for continuing the story.
Thats what I said. Also the sequel script has been kicking around for years, it was turned into a comic book. They could surely tweak it to include El Roca.
Amazing.
Find a complimentary smell that you like and gradually overpower the purple stinky punch.
Are we still letting Audi consider itself a luxury brand? They've become nothing more than expensive Volkswagen. For when you *need* to drive a Volkswagen but can afford a little more so you aren't *seen* driving a Volkswagen. Benz is a 70 year old man in a Top Hat and tails with an aging trophy wife in one hand and a Martini full of roids and Viagra in the other. BMW is the handsome young yuppy douche bag jockstrap looking for his first ex-wife who everyone loves to hate. Most people would trade places with either given the chance.
Upset? You lack the significance necesarry to be upsetting. More like annoying. Now do you think you could stop pestering me you redneck piece of shit.
&gt;far more thoroughly than being yelled at on the internet. Especially considering he can't hear any yelling at the moment.
Looks like a LeMons car.
I'm confused, I see a window, it looks like the panel is on the ceiling but I also see outlets and a light switch. Anyway it sort of looks like the light board you use to look at x-rays and transparencies.
Wes Anderson is a boring pretentious hack.
8 Days wow, surprised it hasn't sold yet.
The target audience isn't the Accord anymore. Those guys go Acura now days. I don't know what the target market IS for that car but its not who it used to be, they've moved to other, better options.
My dad had an 86 El Camino with a built small block in it that he took off a friend for about $700. I wanted that car so bad but he wouldn't sell it to me, said I would kill myself or someone else in it. he was probably right. My first ended up being an 83 TBird Turbo that HE wrecked a week after I bought it. I still bust his balls about that.
In the past squad cars would have accuracy certified speedometers and police were trained to measure your speed based on relative speed to their own vehicle. A lot of places still do this.
Am I missing something? Whats shitty?
&gt;By 1993, the existing Mustang had started to get a little long in the tooth, and as a result Ford made efforts to mix up the car’s design to appeal to a fresher market. &gt;Prior to that, Ford had transformed the Mustang into a front-wheel drive sports car that looked more like a European saloon than the infamous muscle car, leading to an intense backlash from fans. The article has some facts out of order. The front-wheel drive model they're referring to *was* a Mustang concept but negative feedback led Ford to go opt for the Panther platform instead giving us the Fox Body Mustang. The FWD concept ended up being a Ford Probe. The Fox Body ended its cycle in '93 and the SN95 was well into final prep and production when that happened. Shitty journalist.
Ok, I get that. Its still what appears to be a standard issue stock R33, its neither shitty nor modded so......
Just looks like repairs to me. No discernible patterns.
Maybe you should be careful. Same platform, Panther is an umbrella term as it predates Fox and Fox is merely a SWB variation therein. Shit journalist.
R34 had bigs and smalls R32 had an intermediate light between the brake lights.
It is when its reclaimed.
LOL. Here's a [Spider](http://www.alfaclassics.de/tl_files/alfaclassics/fahrzeuge/alfa_spider_2_0_fastback.jpg).
Only back to R31?
Nope. Looks good to me.
Was it an eccentric vehicle or a mundane car? Also where did you see it, US, Euro, etc.
Not in 95. First gen Neons had great transaxles and the 2DR is SUPER light. Which is a great base for forced induction.
If I had to go "Crappy car" I choose you, Toyota Echo. Surprisingly light and its just awkwardly ugly enough to be endearing. I picture a full suspension suite, a throaty high flow exhaust and ITB's. Maybe a notchy short shifter.
Not having a sun/moon roof.
~~W20 MR2. Porsche 914 . SA RX7, S30 Z(Scarab).~~ Shit just noticed you need a 4 Seater. Okay than........ Volvo 200 series, W115 Benz, Series 1 Jag XJ (lots of existing kits for these), Type 2 Vanogan.
I'm seeing GPS tracker a lot but the unit 1 sticker makes me wonder. I'm thinking it might just be a wireless diagnostic adapter used at a shop that someone forgot to remove.
Distracting and heavy.
Its simply a fact of life that some people have poor taste. They just like shitty ugly things and thats ok. They tend to flock together and it keeps them busy and away from me.
Looks like the barrel of a pin connector, 14-16 gauge.
That color is fantastic!
Sure it will. "We really mean it this time guys"
You're going to want to replace that motor, I would recommend a crate motor of the same type. So it will be important to know what motor is in it when you start shopping. This will essentially resolve any issues the truck had or has under the hood. But its also important to consider the whole truck, is it really worth the money and the effort. Because honestly the investment to fix it **right** is probably pretty competitive with simply buying another clean example of the same or similar truck, a 96 F150 is not exactly rare nor high demand, they're everywhere and they're cheap.
[Noooooooooooooo](http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/1/14520/1271712-batman_dead_robin.jpg)
Surprising lack of penises.
Right so he installed them wrong and presumably test drove it? Might have damaged something driving it like that.
It feel like it would be good to leave it in the top five. Its not as if it will be there forever AND its good as an example of good community response. nevermind that OP was a faggot, its everyone elses response thats important.
I just want to see my flair.
A fair point but is the one on the other side attatched to the doors? Cause for that kind of money you could easily do the powered ones and have the function available for the back seat on the drivers side too. Maybe its actually a structural thing for the doors.
Ok. Well if you want it fixed right and better than before it died, go with a Crate Long Block, lots of suppliers out there and it should be comparatively easy for your mechanic.
Where's the Astro Glide dispenser?
Isn't that the same two Red Porsches from the first image?
Awesome car and I miss mine everyday, never should have sold it. That being said they aren't *that* rare. I see them for sale all the time.
