Damn their continuity
Well then watch Bento. Its about the great quest for Bento and kicking the shit out of other people to get it. Good animation too.
I couldnt watch strike witches for this same reason.
Lets bring up an anime that isnt perverted and still has a badass tank. Valkyria Chronicles.
The Fifth Element.
I always kept some old laser tanks and a few hover tanks in the store rooms just in case that main squad is out scenario ever happened.
Fuck that, once they started to hit the waiting lines... game over.
The nighttime one should drop off a downvote before receiving upvote
How could you miss that amazing instagram plug? &gt;Thanks! Everyone has enjoyed it &amp; expressed support. Check out my hairdresser's instagram: instagram.com/kenziethehappyfairy/
Duck had priorities.
Hi Everybody!
How else are we to introduce a prehistoric pathogen into the population?
All you need it 1 map with well placed starting positions and bam, FFA is a thing. And you dont balance those modes. They are fun, thats it.
I do. Need Italian Amedeo Guillet commander.
Then the way he walked off immediately
He's got to be my favorite. Shows what an Italian was capable of even if they got rekt in the overall war. Its hard to find good information of any forces not German, US, Brit, or Russian (western campaign). I love finding out about the other players. The eastern Manchurian campaign for Russia is also really interesting to look into.
USF - rifle focus with medium armor play Werhmacht - flexible army around rifles or support weapons with medium and heavy armor options Soviet - flexible army with cheaper rifles and support weapons. Can do a medium armor focus or heavy armor call ins. OKW - support army with front line base options, quirky vehicles, heaviest armor in the game and assault engineers. Odd assortment of light to heavy options available
Something something plans are useless but planning is invaluable - Patton
Since that was how the first AC started I never played any of them. I really wish the animus was never a thing.
The m16 is the same price as the m60 which is ridiculous. An AK is only about 25 cents a shot. An m60 should be around $1 a bullet. M16 should be ~~15 to 20 cents.~~ 30-35 cents
Fun part is you can change the average parts up. Now brace yourself as an attractive woman on the internet. This thread invites ruin!
Dude i feel you. We're so middle road its ridiculous. Its like pic a side features, ugly or good looking. Not ugly enough to shun, not good looking enough to pursue.
Thats what I get for being old these days. Couldn't find it for less than about 30 cents a shot. Ammo has been in a shortage for what seems like forever now.
Give a GR 2 ancestor rings and throw high crit knives all day. My GR is basically my stress control because she crits so often.
Bring a PD to a cannon fight. Throw the crackle bomb to stun the rifleman and cannon match lighter and you only have to deal with 1 blademan while you focus down the cannon. Plague doctor is amazing. It can stun 2 targets in a fight.
They desert and a dungeon later in a random room you should have to fight them.
Blur did my favorite trailer of all time with Rise of Legends.
I started a SoK grind in the earliest part of the dungeon you could. Found the sword and continued with the game. By the time I got out of there I had 4 swords.
Same here. Mr. Wilson you were a G with your last call for ice cream.
Americans shot prisoners of war and raped german civilians but that was missing from the first CoH. That happened. I have a feeling someone would just downvote and keep their double standard but that fucking happened.
And we can recognize that every single nation committed rape, looting, and even murder during ww2. Its a war. That being said the game is called Company of Heroes not Company of War Crimes.
Oh the murder of all those partisans just didn't happen in your campaign I guess. Or murdering all of your own people inside their homes with fire. You must of played a different game.
It wasn't intentional. But I like to imagine it was and that was some Gundam Wing level piloting.
All infantry models have 80 hp.
That happens when someone invades your country and deems you subhuman. 9 million lives sacrificed for an ungrateful world. And yet you miss the point completely. Its company of heroes buddy. Not company of criminals.
Mail order that bride. From what i hear you got about an 80% chance of those working.
Yet if they weren't there and didn't throw those soldiers into the fray you'd either be speaking German or Europe would just be Britain and Germany. But thank you for proving the point of this conversation. The west doesn't give a shit about Russia and never has despite relying on them to do 80% of the heavy lifting.
And with all these mechanisms in play it was a handful of top governing officials making these decisions but it served to demonize several tens of millions of people who actually did the dirty business of winning World War 2.
Gen 10s are fools who failed to see the superiority of the watermelon tag. Gen 9 for life bitches.
I'm more for understanding the parties involved and giving credit where credit is due rather. In respects to depicting a side in a game using the term heroes loosely they didn't do a very good job.
I think it was a sarcastic crass remark parroting the one made in that top comment summarizing silvermans work and efforts while being denied funding.
Yeah, for being as intent as you are at being correct, you can see what he said right there. And he didn't say what you said he did.
Unless you wrecked somewhere below Chile and hit that one band of water that goes all the way around the globe.
I dunno I saw The Cure once and now I don't have cancer. I may not have had cancer before.
Poo should be surrounded by his fangirls.
Thank you. That allowed me to find the specific video. You were right! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07S6rFgOSdg&amp;noredirect=1
Tight community? Half of us here are old players who quit and continue to watch the plane crash and burn. The other half is mixed between people willing to defend the games mistakes and those that point out the mistakes in an ill fated attempt to make the game better. In the end, none of these people agree on anything.
Yeah, you never snapped their neck. This actually happens all the time. Between grunts and specters. And if you shoot one before it kills the other they thank you. On the flip side, if their team killed you before you snapped their neck they would still be alive.
I have a feeling there won't be a single prominent Bothan featured in that movie if they even have Bothans depicted at all. And I will be *pissed*. Bothan Commandos were legit. -edit: Apparently that was DS2 instead of the first but Bothans still need to make a film appearance.
Or could be on PC which allows for actual good recordings.
