My partner enjoys gentle touching/circles of her cervix as well as lightly jiggling it or vigorously jiggling just below it without touching it. I've also heard this is a rare trait.
This looks completely bizarre anatomically when viewed sideways. (Specifically her pec) Its actually interesting in normal orientation, since you rarely see breasts compressed like that.
Great way to say it. Only thing I'd add is, if she wants, she can feed the hot dog to you, and maybe tickle the walnut at the same time. Depending on how horny she is, the process might work the other way as well. For me, a good hand job when she isn't in the mood for sex just makes me crave the feeling of her vagina more until the next time we get to have sex.
An original comment was to console your partner when they ask and promise to make up the next day. I find this in practice to be a terrible idea. If one partner is bringing it up, they have a sexual need right then and putting it off until tomorrow (which might never happen) can be any where from a minor inconvenience to torture. The following day or even later in the day could be completely unpredictable, we all have busy lives. A better answer I've found would be to address their request for intimacy in the best way the second partner can tolerate. Examples: "I'll cuddle with you and stroke your chest while you play with yourself. If I nod off its just because you relax me and I feel safe." "I'm tired but I would enjoy feeling you cum inside of me, please don't expect me to get into it." "I'll fondle you or lick a bit, I'll let you know if I get horny."
Hello 😃
Making time before the day is late is an idea I like but have yet to be successful with.
I'd say it's more affirmation that it's what you want in that exact moment. I just discussed this with my wife as I'm the type that likes it gentle, but the risk of trying one her "kinks" without being told to and having it backfire (she doesn't like what I did in that moment) is a bit terrifying to me. But also part of her kink is not that I'm doing it, is that I want to do it rough. She thinks she might be able to tell I'm faking cause I'm a nice guy and it won't be a turn on. Plus the couple times I felt like being rough or taking what I wanted it backfired and I don't want to repeat those feelings or ever risk hurting her. Even tiny clues or verbal hints would help. "Oh yeah you want me naughty boy" is something cheesy she'd never say, but if she said it in her "lust" voice I'd get the picture. Or "you gotta take it", or maybe an animalistic moan instead of a soft girly one.
I would properly do it the cheap and dirty way, whatever is simple. Might have to activate my non-X rated reddit nerd account to figure it out.
My wife shaves smooth every week or so, I keep it trimmed very short all over and every orifice. I don't want to be that hairy old man, and enjoy when others can't tell how old I am. Both 30s.
I fixed your flair for you, happy posting :-)
What change did you make?
I modified it so that your code is still present but is not default for the users. If you want to go back and change users from your format to mine, that's fine. I'd say almost 50% of users are primary mobile and get on PC occasionally.
Thank you very much for your response.
I had no idea their details, thanks!
I've tried it and so far it's interesting but I don't react as others describe. My advise is everyone should try it but not expect to be a rock star with it. A few details: I've only tried solo prostate so far since the wife isn't yet into it. Fingers are difficult so I invested in an nJoy wand and a cheaper plastic one with a handle and vibrator. Results are that I still don't like anus contact or simulation, but once is in prostate massage does feel nice. I can't orgasm from it, but with some penis simulation I can. The orgasms are noticeably different, more tingling and tremble in my legs, and a bit more of the shock of a single hard hit on climax. Slipping a small toy in is easy now, it's about control and being used to it. The bigger toy I tried as its the girth of my erection is difficult every time, and I feel bad asking my wife to take on such a task in her anus. Good lube is important. I planned on doing a lube thread later. I can post shopping links if needed.
Interesting point about the glans ring, I'm rather sensitive so maybe it will work for me.
X seems to be getting more main stream lately, but over all they have decent stuff.
Hegre and IFeelMyself are the only ones I consistently like, and my wife can get into.
I like to write out fantasy literature, often inspired by things I notice about my partner or ideas she gives me, and I take them to the next level, in extra detail. I want to find a reader who really enjoys reading one, and then recreates one of them with me or with my partner. Sorry if you were looking for specifics, that's about all you'll get from me.
I guess I wasn't clear, I actually meant traditional porn in which I'm not really into. They used to mostly do only sensual type videos.
I'm nerdy male who's know my partner 20 years, but only physically involved around 4 years with them. We are a soft sex couple who is curious about others, a complicated open relationship. She also posts in this sub and r/sex . I view both the female and male body as beautiful, and enjoy photography relating to it. I grew out of an extremely sex-hidden family, with almost zero education when I was young. I've spent much of my life studying sexuality and anatomy, I can never be satisfied when it comes to learning to new things. Most of my posts on reddit are technology related using another account. Most of the threads I make with this account are female eye candy (and gay male) /r/MaleUnderwear /r/ladybonersgw /r/penis /r/mangonewild I frequently comment in /r/sex I view [subreddits of soft core eye candy for straight men](https://www.reddit.com/r/RealGirls+nsfw+sex+nsfw_gifs+ass+Amateur+Boobies+dirtysmall+ginger+TinyTits+LipsThatGrip+grool+quiver+sexover30+gifsgonewild+gettingherselfoff+aa_cups+bodyperfection+PussyMound+SexyTummies+TwoXSex+GoneErotic+WorkIt+cunnilingus+translucent_porn).
It's easy to attract a photographer with a Karna magnet like dual kittens.
I feel I'm much more confident and I wish I could go back and talk to my 20 year old self, sometimes I feel like much of my youth was wasted. Whenever I see someone male or female that either resembles me physically or is in a similar situation that I was, I have the fantasy of swooping them up and teaching them everything I know in a mind blowing night of ecstasy. Is this a fantasy of anyone else?
Don't feel embarrassed or feel like you are coming off as an ass. The whole idea here is we know that we all have some sort of experiences, and in most cases they differ from person to person! You might be the enthusiastic cockring expert, we love that and people who are not experts love to read your opinion! ;) ( u/Cockring_Buddha )
I think a hand job with prostate massage would suffice. I probably should have noted that my fantasy is much more vivid when transposed into a female in the situation.
Intellectual compatibility isn't about "smarts", it's about mindset, aptitude, memory of experiences. Just how you shouldn't prejudice someone on how their body is built naturally, you shouldn't have a problem with different ways a mind can be wired. In general, age groups are wired mentally closer than most differing groups. I find myself to be an exception, I don't fit into most groups at all. Some people think I'm childish, some people think I'm too serious.
I think it's preference. Some guys put body first and mind second, which is ok. I won't lie, body catches my attention and can be attractive, but their mind can easily overwhelm whatever I might see. Some but few young women act much older than they are, while some act younger. Being light hearted can be seen as young too.
Exactly this. My partner also does not get as intense orgasms from piv or gspot. What does make me feel good as a male is when we spoon piv from behind, and I play with her clit to give her that intense orgasm she craves. I get to feel her clench around me too, it's very satisfying to give her the intensity she usually only gets from a toy in missionary. Only downside is we are not face to face, and I love kissing and watching her cum. So most occasions she uses a vibrator while missionary, and occasionally I'll give her the big one with my hands (thumb on clit/fingers on gspot) while cuddling so I get to watch.
Hah, well said.
Shows up on mobile, I like!
For me, only firm waving pressure does anything for me. I need to be quite aroused first too.
I agree, kegels do nothing as there is no way any clenching is going to stop my orgasm, it just makes it less pleasurable and I feel like I'm strangling myself. I've been doing kegels since childhood, and trying reverse for about 13 years. I'm not a master but sometimes it works. During foreplay, resisting is fun and is intense. When I give in and stop resisting and let my body naturally do kegels as a reaction to touch, it's way more intense.
I'm not sure if kegels have helped or not, since I've been doing it since childhood as part of masturbation routine. My wife does say my ejaculations are much more intense than her other partners, it squirms and pulses uncontrollably. If teased for a long time which triggers a kegel like response over and over, I can stay hard after orgasm and can continue piv and eventually orgasm again, no special process required. I almost never intentionally flex kegels anymore, as my muscles react to her touch in a similar fashion automatically now. I do try to resist with reverse kegels.
Buttering up your finger comparing to a slippery vagina.... I love this subreddit.
Speaking of which, I haven't forgotten about whoever asked about the we-vibe. I'll make a post about my last two weeks purchases, all Reddit recommend.
I'd say the differing factor in the theater was type and length of mental simulation. It's different for every guy, but metal stimulation really gets my pre-cum flowing and I don't even need a hard on. I'm not a dry orgasm type of guy, but I do get contractions you could call dry orgasms when she/I edge.
Might want to ask. For me facials are a turn off because I know she isn't a fan of being messy.
Thanks. I think that trial and error will be the way for me to go, I considered a multi pack but few came in a decent price. Would be great if a nitrile sizing pack was sold somewhere. Doesn't this look familiar? https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KV95UC8/ At $5 shipped I'm America, I'll check to see if the 40mm dimension is internal or external. Yes I'm nuts. You stuck your dick in what?!?
That looks like the one I have and don't like. The napkin holder looks like a premium titan product.
Yeah, despite the measurement, the 1.6" ring (package says 1 1/2") just flops around the base of my shaft. Feels like ring toss.
You need to know for sure if he enjoys knowing you enjoy something. For example, oral doesn't really get me off (toward orgasm that is), it just feels good. The real reason I love when she does oral to me is that I know she enjoys actually doing it. If I knew you didn't really enjoy it, I'd just pass and try something else. Occasionally I'll have a hunch and ask to do it anyway with the hopes she might get into it. No foul if she doesn't, move on to something else. I have no idea if this helps but maybe it will be a bit of perspective. If he does enjoy that you like it, be honest and "climb off" when you have had your fill, no reason to continue.
This used to be the case with me, not so much now. I'd say I have morning wood toward morning 90% of the time, and 80% of time I wake up at least two to three times with an erection, after a dream or nightmare. Sometimes its agitating.
I find it perfectly acceptable in trusting relationships. Your opinion is completely fine too, and shouldn't be down voted on this sub.
Well said and often overlooked. It's a two person journey.
Or a dual version of your idea. A horny section and a nude but casual section. You only enter the horny area if your motor is already revving.
I encourage you to repost and participate in /r/sexover30 Much more mature audience.
This is called reverse kegel. If I do it enough during build up, I can hit that 99% point just before orgasm and stay there as long as I want. Also can help with sex a bit. Combining this with normal kegels makes for very interesting orgasms once your muscles are very strong.
I guess if it tickled your fancy you can substitute car for nipple clamps.
Sexual arousal via mental is always discussed as an important factor with women, it's just as important with men. Everyone is different, as an example I can be mentally turned on to a point and stay soft and dripping precum, but sometimes mental can make me hard. I can't tell you anything from experience relating to you or women, except to be honest. If they don't accept you, it's not worth it and you are better off. Most cases your honestly will be a turn on and you will grow closer. I'd try not to focus on it. If you make a big deal out of it, they might. If you are calm and honest, they may follow suit. Think of it more as you want to please her in some way, be it with your hands, mouth, or penis. If she doesn't get one of those in a session, she can look forward to the next time.
The crease in between my thigh and lower pelvis. If she tickles my skin there, I'm throbbing within seconds.
