So like a Chinatown.
Thunderdevil is boss! Makes you look like Solid Snake.
The common individual doesn't know what most of the government does. I'm not surprised if a lot of folks didn't know that.
Gee, I didn't realize water was still wet. CAN THIS FREAKING SEASON START ALREADY.
I've always likened those who fight gentrification similar to those who fought against civil rights and modern medicine. I take that stance because I live in West Philly where our nickname was "The Bottom", still is, but it's not lacking in drug needles, and broken glass bottles on the ground. Rampant crime and gang fights in the streets. Gentrification has always been good in my neighborhood, pushing about the bad elements that just don't give a damn about the area. Even so I like the idea of gentrification as well as affordable housing. No one should ever get priced out of the neighborhood they worked hard to maintain.
Voidfang Vestments is the only time I think having more strength is cool.
How is using the Gjallarhorn elitism? I think you're just upset this particular strategy involves it. How about replace it (insert 365 heavy here)?
How so?
What are you talking about, /r/eagles would have given up Boykin, along with everyone else for Mariota...
Still don't see how that's broken. Hunters also spawn with grenade energy with the Lucky Raspberry. Its not broken, it's game mechanics. What would be broken is if Sunsingers could have ignite, with two grenades.
Some will pay people to make money out of their money, and then pay other people to make sure they don't pay other people too much. Circle of Life?
At the Apollo.
I think Riley Cooper would have been a deal breaker for them. Meaning they wouldn't have wanted him.
This story is crazier than a bag of cats in summer.
Didn't say he committed suicide.
Like a responsible adult, imagine that....
Fear makes people do bizarre things.
Wrong about what exactly?
Don't talk about our coach like you know him. He wants to win, that's all. He has a system to win, if you believe you are bigger than the team then there are your walking papers.
Like a CD with scratches on it.
And a Tardus that replaces the ship and or tower.
Didn't Germany ban it until more evidence comes out?
No you twat.
I don't pay any mind to anonymous downvotes anymore, I see them as trolls or paid shills who disagree with me but can't form their opinions into words without looking like idiots. I'm all about more information and reason and not so much about blanket statements like OP was saying.
Nothing is just "meh" with wolf pack rounds.
I think a lot of your fans said "X person can't go!" this year, and watched them walk away. I'm not going to underestimate the craziness of the Niners at the moment.
Don't feed the trolls
Of course, our special teams will score 35 for us.
Can someone post a picture of the countries Russia has annexed in the last decade versus the US?
It's the ever shuffling sleight of hand card game Bungie is playing with the guns.
Because you don't have laws for it, doesn't mean you go to another country with laws for it and don't abide by them. We have free speech in America but if you go to Thailand and insult the King you are going to jail, period. Not to mention a potential caning.
Baseball is more of an evolved version of a cricket. Americans get that from our English counter parts. Heck, our anthems sound the same. So no, I take nothing back.
I'm pretty sure it's your job as buyers to have a proper inspection done, on your coin not the Sellers'. Just walk away from it and move on. You don't want to get involved any further.
You could say we demoted the items....
That's not a gun, that's a bloody anti-aircraft cannon. You'll raise hell let alone pulses!
Kotaku shouldn't bite the hands that feed them.
I haven't seen it, I don't frequent this sub. Douche #2 has been discovered.
Even if he urinated near it, there are also laws against that. This was Malaysia I'm sure there are laws against public nudity.
T. O. for all his shortcomings he did his job well. Caught the ball, scored touchdowns, and was entertaining. What else could we have asked for? Aside from off field drama.
Yeah I get them mixed up
You buy stock based on.... What?
Future DLC plot line
Close to averaging a triple double every game. That's insane.
Even cats can't not resist of power of ham.
But I like the populated areas, it's fun to see a mob of random players just man handle a boss together. I think I've completed like seven quests with end dungeon bosses that way.
I can't think of a 1st rounder so hyped up that hasn't play a single snap in the league . There has to be an NFL Films top ten on that and he has to be there somewhere.
How should I build my Nightblade out? I'm focusing right now on skills, wearing mostly medium armor and some heavy armor. I'm specialized in dual wield and very little work with bows. Should I focus more on health stamina or magic?
Seriously, some a harassing circle jerk of a subreddit gets banned and people are Butthurt because it invades their freedom of speech? Well reddit can get sued for it, hell the people who are doing the harassing can get sued for it. It was a business decision, folks need to get over it or go back to /b/.
Can I have a restoration staff with healing and elemental damage on it? As a NB with dual wield I'd love to continue to output double damage and gain an extra slot to heal myself in a pinch.
Old habits die hard, thought someone would get a kick out of it haha.
