I agree. Brady this year reminds me of Payton Manning in 2012 or 2013, playing at a crazy level, but I think in a couple years we'll start to see the decline more.
If anything, they Tennesseed
My Raiders don't really need an extra receiver, but if we picked up Leonte Carroo I would be ecstatic still
Marrone would be the best fit imo, he did ok in Buffalo and that was without a decent QB.
If I was a QB about to get drafted high, I would just refuse to play for the Browns Eli style. Until they decide to have a decent roster before grabbing a QB every two years, there's just no chance anyone could succeed there.
Smart move for this draft would be to trade down and take a WR or DB in the first, right?
One B1G championship? Yes, please!
If you just blow up the team for picks, you'd be in a better situation than us or the jags were in 2012 when we started rebuilding. It'll be a couple of years of pain before things pick up, but it not like the Browns are close to competing either way.
The Cowboys have been nothing short of outstanding and working with troubled players. They've kept Greg Hardy from getting into any trouble this year, same with Randy Gregory. Dez's biggest problem has been that PETA doesn't like his monkey. If there's one place Johnny can succeed, it's Dallas.
Too busy tweeting
The Browns should hire Schwartz. He turned the Lions from a 0-16 laughingstock to a respectable team that even made the playoffs. He won't be the best coach, but he could be a good stepping stone for the Browns to start to show some signs of life.
He can't be so stupid as to record a snapchat of himself in Vegas and not expect it to come out... Can he?
The best was at the half when they asked what adjustments Chip would make and he said none.
I remember seeing that all the time in 2013! He would just keep going backwards under pressure and either give up a way bigger sack than he should've or got lucky.
Hire Spagnuolo please! He would be a really great fit for the giants.
ESPN Las Vegas does not lie
Even though I'd be sad if the Raiders moved to LA, I at least know they'd be in good hands.
Can you imagine Djax and Maclin with Jordan Matthews in the slot in that offense?
I think Josh Ferguson should have a good performance and could get drafted somewhere in the 5-6 range. He played some great football at Illinois and could be a good third down back.
What's the answer then? Go full Browns and fire a coach every year or two? If you fire a coach after two years (one of which he made the playoffs) that job loses a ton of it's value and you get stuck picking up all the crappy coaches no one wants.
Vince Young, guy was really special in college and looked so good early on with the Titans. I thought he was gonna be a star.
He's not good, he's elite
Nobody but Al Davis would have taken him anywhere near that high though.
He'd be like this for the first three quarters then play well in the fourth
To be fair their is basically just Nuk
That makes more sense. I definitely agree.
I think that was Mallet this season
If he tore his ACL he definitley won't be back week one
I think Marrone or Schwartz or Mike Smith could be a good hire for a team like you guys who are just trying to become decent again, but teams that already have a QB and a good young core should look to getting a better than just ok coach.
Worked for Tebow
I think it depends where he's taken, the first is way too early, and I think even a second is a little high. He's not a good fit for the offence PSU ran the past few years, but that doesn't give him an excuse to look as bad as he has at times.
Lynch is from Memphis
I'd be afraid to become a Raiders fan and then move to LA
Is SEC bias over?
Is the LA money really gonna be better? Everyone there is a Raiders fan, and nobody is gonna care about the chargers, especially now that the Rams are in LA too.
On the bright side, if Spanos wins the powerball, all your problems are solved.
And Oakland
The wee-**duh**
Spanos will sell the Chargers and then the new owner will move to St. Louis.
&gt; He never stood FTFY
The floor for OSU is three loses. And I doubt that'll even happen. I think they lose to Michigan and Wisconsin. Maybe PSU or Northwestern, but I doubt it.
If Florida gets QB they could be dangerous, but Tennessee should be the favorite for sure.
Chip might pick up Bradford
If RG3 would just not hold on to the ball forever, he wouldn't need an elite O-line
They've got a bunch of pro bowl players on their roster, and have a ton of young talent. You realize Al Davis is dead and not being stupid with the team, right?
Doc figuring everything out is a big if though.
Tunsil to the Titans is being mocked by just about everyone
Every time they mention a scrappy gym rat catching the ball for NE
How else you gonna beat the Pats?
Andy Reid
