You wanted to throttle your MIL? Sounds like every sitcom dad in history...
Isn't that how hedge clippers are made?
What about Maggie Simpson? She's like 26 by now and that's still pretty much all she does in any episode. :b
I'm reminded of a story I head online about a year ago. A man was at Burger King when a mom and her 6-year-old son show up. The kid was screaming up a storm, yelling "I want a fucking pie!" again and again, and the mother wasn't doing anything about it. The man got so fed up that when he got to the counter he ordered all 26 pies they had. As he walked away with his bounty he just smiled triumphantly at the little brat and his enabling mother. It's the most awesome and justified bit of spiteful behavior I've ever heard of.
A friend with weed is a friend indeed.
Not just gay people; homosexuality has been observed in dozens of species. It's very common in dolphins.
It might help to add that so far Ireland is the only country that has legalized gay marriage by popular vote, and that was just a few weeks ago.
It's a trap! ADMIRAL AKBAR!
None of the schools I ever went to growing up even HAD lockers except in the gym; we were expected to just leave our books at home on the days we didn't need them for class and keep them in our backpacks on the days when we did need them. It pisses me off that movies seem to think every school everywhere has lockers.
My school didn't have lockers at all; everyone just left their books at home except on days when the teachers specifically told us we were going to need them in class.
I have a very nice decorative sword in my room; I wish I knew how to sharpen it. I often imagine that if someone broke in I'd use it to threaten them. Sure it has a dull blade because it's for decoration, but the burglar doesn't know that.
When exactly did Moses go from being a feeble man with a terrible stuttering problem to being freaking William Wallace. They seem to have mixed up their stories of escaping slaves. The tale of Moses was about the Jews FLEEING Egypt, not busting out. The film makers seem to have confused Moses with Spartacus.
To be fair, Blackfish, which is what caused all their negative publicity, was extremely biased. They only bothered to look for testimonies from people who were already on their side. That's not informative, it's propaganda. If they really wanted to be informative they would have presented both sides of the issue with equal objectivity and left it to the viewers to decide whose side they were on.
I agree. People say Flo from the Progressive ads is annoying, but that smug redheaded bitch from the Wendy's commercials is a nightmare.
Personally, one that I'd list is Click. It had the potential to be a great comedy, but halfway through it made a very abrupt shift from comedy to tragedy.
What struck me as odd about that movie is that it seems to be exaggerating the violence of the human race. I mean, if there were no laws for one night I may do a bit of petty theft but I certainly wouldn't have any desire to kill anyone. In some places where there's a gang problem I could see that happening, but in most places I really find it hard to imagine very many people actually doing much more than vandalism and theft.
I wish he'd wait it out for a few more elections until moving to Canada would be a more feasible option for me (in other words, when I've had more time in the workforce so I can network out and work my way up to Canada).
The people in the mascot costumes at sports games and theme parks.
Viagra: "Takes a licking and keeps on ticking"
Nah, nobody there but Zule.
I would love to live in Canada in the future. California is too dang hot and crowded, so the cold temperatures and low population density of Canada would be a blessing for me. Looks like this is another thing to prepare for XD
Local coyotes are the reason why my outdoor cat has to stay in our atrium at night. Funny, a lot of people keep cats indoor during the day and let them out at night, but we have our cat outside in the day and inside at night. The other morning I went to let her out, but I suddenly heard yelping coyotes nearby so I decided to wait about another hour before letting her out.
I'm a liberal and would love to move to Canada. It's not really too much because of the US government; it's just that Canada seems so much more peaceful in general. Also, I'm sick of the high temperatures and population density of Southern California, so I'd love to live in a much colder and less densely populated place like Canada.
The Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity what ISIS is to Islam.
Why did you eat dog treats?
Well there was Napoleon. He's the reason the sphinx doesn't have a nose; his troops used it for target practice.
In Jeepers Creepers the main protagonist gets captured by the monster, which ends up skinning him, eating his eyes, and not being defeated in any way. In the second movie the main protagonists kind of win because they survive long enough for the creature to enter a hibernation state. It only awakens for 23 days every 23 years, so the protagonists "win" by surviving until the end of the 23 days.
If you're a handyman and work on roofs you could say you're on the office and it would be just fine. :3
Technically it's a cape buffalo. Check the url, it's a cape buffalo from the Denver Zoo. :P
The ones I've seen, yes.
Nor do we in much of Southern California. Places up in the mountains like Big Bear get snow, but none of the areas at lower altitudes do.
That's how I as an American feel when talking to people from Canada.
That's happened to me. A few months ago I was walking home from class (living about 1 mile from your college makes for easy commuting), and someone stopped to ask the closest way to one of the nearby freeways. I've lived in this area for over 12 years but I still haven't bothered to memorize the names of most of the streets or the numbers of the freeways. The best I could do was point in the general direction; I couldn't really give any specific directions.
We don't get fireflies here in California ;~;
Fast food places tend to have where when you order a drink they just give you the empty cup. Off to the side there will be a machine that pours ice and soda so you can fill the cup yourself. A common scam is to ask for free water so you get a cup and then refill it with soda when you're done with the water.
Honestly I've often felt that I would love to move to Canada because it looks so nice and peaceful.
There are a lot of places like this and Beijing that I hear about and just can't help wondering how much longer it's going to be before the air gets to the point where they just become uninhabitable to human beings.
Plus they solve the classic conundrum: How do blind people know when they're done wiping?
I want you to go kill people's PCs.
*stands in front of mirror* PlazaOne, PlazaOne, PlazaOne
Fun fact: Vagina is Latin for Sheath.
Well, at least River Monsters is catch and release and does teach about the species of fish featured, but I definitely see your point. What really gets me is when they have shows about people whose job is to go out and round up wild animals; they used to be about teaching people how wonderful these animals are, but now they're teaching us that animals are expendable and should be used as points in a competition. It's not as bad as Deadliest Catch, but is still ridiculous to have on Animal Planet.
She speaks for the trees.
He's gotta hate it when he has to wait for things done in alphabetical order.
Maybe he'll grow up to be the Spurgeon general.
Note to self: Whenever visiting Cancun, bring a Mexican friend and have them make all of my purchases for me.
The sad thing about that one is it's based on such a simple word to spell, rotate. They couldn't find a less confusing name for something designed to rotate food?
I'm 23 and never learned how to ride a bike. I've driven cars but have never successfully ridden a bike.
Under what circumstances did you learn of this infernal device's existence?
They even had a very well made system of workers' compensation. If a member of the crew was injured they'd be given financial compensation in the form of coins known as pieces of eight. Not sure how valuable pieces of eight were, but the amount people would be given varied based on the severity of their injuries. For example, losing a leg would get you more pieces of eight than losing an eye.
