It also helps negate the murder hobo mentality by disincentivizing combat as the solution to every problem.
Another answer: lots of things. As Dan Savage put it. There is no "one" for everyone. Maybe a 0.65 and a rounding error. Poly can hep fill in the parts of your needs and desires your primary partner cannot.
Yes/No, it was when he was interviewed on Star Talk.
Paid off Telus, picked up a 2 year old flagship (Note 2) for $120, and now I'm with Wind in Edmonton. Coverage is decent and speeds are less than stellar, but $45/mo for 10GB before throttling is pretty sweet.
This was a few months ago when I was unaware of the ruling unfortunately. Almost $200 per phone, but switching has already paid for itself. Phone bills dropped by $100 between two phones.
Because the art team and development/design team are the same people.
So instead the burden is shifted to employers and insurance companies. Someone will pay no matter what, it's just a matter of moving some numbers around. What reason is there for the government not taking care of dental and vision that makes it distinctively different than regular health?
Actually, there is a worksheet from the same homeschooling package they teach their kids with that details how if you are abused that it's probably your fault.
Isolation is abuse 101. Whether you continue this relationship out not, I'd suggest reaching out to the community anyways. Better now than 6 months down the road.
Wizards are by definition more versatile and more powerful. They get scribe scroll for free, spells a level sooner, and the ability to learn every single spell available to them. Sorcerers just have less bookkeeping.
So give the book to the fighter between rests. And what is your best spell at level 3? 5? Every odd level you'll be significantly less powerful than your intelligence based counterpart. Not to mention qualifying for prestige classes a level later.
Not enough medioclorians
Yeah, these are development screenshots when it was still using WC3 code.
I'm pretty happy with Wind. Certainly not the fastest and I only have data in the city, but that sweet sweet $45 bill.
&gt; So Nintendo treating their gamers like retards again... No, it's called good game design.
New band name: Tectonic Gays
Why would they do that, and has there ever been a case of a large American city doing this?
Yeah, I stopped listening to his podcast after one episode went something like this: - HBM and 300 series, meh - 980 Ti, THIS IS LITERALLY THE BEST THING EVER
No, but if you listen to the actual podcast they are very very biased and will display anything from AMD consistently.
What you need to do is remove the negative connotation that comes with bring weird. All "normal" means is average.
I wrote this guide for /r/buildapc a while back. The case suggestions are a little dated, but the rest of the guide is still very relevant. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iKFOgGjTCKJn9sYklPtAqUFCaQb_j4ySs-W6q8PMhzM/edit?usp=docslist_api
This is all great as long as you remember that this one quirk in your character is not their single defining characteristic. Everyone in the world has dreams, desires, goals, fears, anxieties. Let your magic denial come out when it makes sense, but the more you shove it into the spotlight when it's not the right time, the sooner you and your fellow PCs will tire of your character.
No, we just need to realize that threatening companies bottom lines means they won't get to donate as much. For example, the stollery may receives less funding.
When you're competing with free, you need a hell of a lot better business model than HBO currently has.
GARROSH, DO YOU EVEN LIFT?
Only serves the US, more expensive than Netflix for a significantly smaller library, and up until recently only available with a TV subscription. I'm not going to pretend piracy is justified in any way, but I'm not willing to fork over more money when I already have a Netflix subscription and my $3/month VPN + popcorn time gives me the same quality of service. If the world was already a moral bastion, piracy wouldn't exist in the first place. Obviously people already have no qualms with pirating, so simply telling them not to or punishing them for pirating is like telling criminals not to crime. You need to address the root of the problem, which is the fact that piracy offers a better product at a better price with the additional cost of an insignificant amount of guilt.
I think they've already made a reputation of being exclusive. They'll need a big PR push to get the word out there that it works on more devices and without a tv subscription.
Google play music ended my music piracy days. Steam ended my gaming piracy. Netflix ended my tv and movie piracy (sans Game of Thrones).
I neither feel like shit nor need your respect. If a show that costs that much to produce fails to turn a profit because consumers are unwilling to pay the price they are demanding, then so be it. That's how capitalism works.
In a capitalist utopia, no. In the real world, yes. Theft, crime, and piracy can't be ignored when modelling real world economic situations.
Correct. Piracy is illegal and immoral, but so is jaywalking. Wiggle your finger and tut all you like, it won't go away.
Ultimately, piracy lives in the crossroad of "I want this" and "I don't want to pay for this". Granted a lot of people want things they don't want to pay for and yet they won't steal a car or kill someone for their wallet. The only thing keeping people from crossing that road is their own sense of morality or fear of retribution. Since prosecuting pirates is so difficult and the crime is fairly harmless, many people have no problems with it. The trick is getting pirates out of the "I don't want to pay for this" camp. The only way to do that is by offering a better service and putting it at a price point that makes sense.
There are such things as healthy, sexless, romantic relationships, but they're in the overwhelmingly vast minority.
By the tone of the post, it seems more like she told him rather than discussed
Yes. I have a good friend in that situation.
Because he knew precisely what he was getting. You don't go to a restaurant, order a hotdog, and complain that you wish you ordered a hamburger. You don't buy a base trim ford focus and turn around and complain about not having a sunroof and touchscreen navigation. There is literally no deception at all from Blizzard. All the information regarding the skins were a google away. Either the person bought them without looking them up first (their fault), didn't understand what came with them (again, their fault), or disregarded the information and hoped there was more (still their fault). Blizzard has not earned a single iota of flak being sent their way by this abhorrently entitled and whiny community.
I tested this one for a bit tonight and am absolutely in love with it. https://hearthstats.net/decks/starter-priest--9/public_show?locale=en Of course I added a few of my own doohickeys. Dr. Boom, Harrison, and a few others.
Patron is dirt cheap.
&gt; He went to a restaurant he knew had terrible hot dogs, and he ordered an hot dog hoping it wasn't terrible since it was expensive. The thing is, the hot dog was terrible and expensive. How the fuck can you possibly make that out to be the restaurant's fault? Especially if you already know precisely how the hotdog tastes beforehand. That's called being a retarded consumer and the purchaser deserves to be parted with their money before a nigerian prince comes along.
People who complain about top tier decks either don't play them or haven't adapted their deck to deal with them.
Yeah, it gets away from the very combo reliant standard priest tricks and seeks to deal with the aggro meta in a more direct way. In 5 face and mid-range hunter games I won all 5 around rank 9.
Poe's law works in reverse too.
No reason to be hostile. It's just another point of data to consider. Probably that minorities are typically poorer and less educated.
I feel like he adds to the discussion in the same way the WBC adds to a gay pride parade. That is, he doesn't. It gives us all something to sneer at while at the same time weakening the positions of those who happen to agree with him when he deliberately insults other users and rants with RANDOMLY capitalised WORDS.
If you had read the original post, you would understand that this has nothing to do with his opinions. I'm asking for the mods to consider banning because he is insulting, derails discussions, and is generally a negative influence on the subreddit as a whole.
Because there is no need at 4k
Free speech is all about government censorship. As a non-governmental entity, we have free reign to limit speech in any way we see fit. I believe eliminating the sort of discussions (vitriolic arguments) that TexasNorth causes is good for the subreddit. Again, nothing to do with his opinions, just his behavior.
I feel like the revamped MC was more of a "Are you sure you want 40 man raids again?" thing.
Read the post again. This has nothing to do with his opinions and everything to do with his conduct.
Yeah, it really isn't. There are a few areas to avoid, but those are all over the city. 118 ave, Bonnie doon, etc.
