Because SI7 is not battlecry as well?
&gt;There's no mechanical difference **(besides the Combo requirement)** so there is, thus the keyword is named Combo, not Battlecry
recent = 3 years ago
as a Platinum Pro he's paid a part or even full expense of travel/hotel actually. But talking about earnings, it's less likely for you to cash in a MTG tournament (Grand Prix or Pro Tour) than in Hearthstone I believe.
I just been playing games for last 4 hours, no bonus for me
my friend got the WoW mount already
Portrait for logging in in 1 week after launch, grave golem pet for reaching level 20 in HotS. Hearthstone cardback for reaching level 12 (or 24 different sources say differently), WoW mount for reaching level 100 in WoW. And Card Back Mount for playing 100 games in HS.
don't actually know what memes are you referring to, so might as well just ignore this comment
maybe iut's because you got to play better or became more efficient in fountain management, because it's rather not the matter of his talemt changes
it's not a bug although it confuses many players, especially the ones with other CCG/TCG background
yes, but Keeper is not a 2 drop, sure there's innervate but...
of course, you can even notice the coin on the screenshot
Good, I don't mind if they Hex/poly/BGH my 2 drop so they have less or non answers to my actual high end cards. And if they don't have any, then they put themselves so much behind either by taking too much damage or my 10/10 trading with their 2-3 minions. There's no lose situation for you in this case.
&gt;It's not as insane as people would think though. It's not going to win you the game 2-drops are not meant to win me games, unless I play some all-in aggro deck like Face Hunter, and yet that would be absolute broken 2-drop for Face Hunter too. &gt;What's better are sticky minions that provide board presence We talk about 10/10 on turn 2 or even turn 1. Is it not sticky enough and provide no board presence? I will repeat again "dies to removal is absolutely no valid argument" since any minion dies to removal. And 1. it's not like they always have removal right of the bat 2. as mentioned above I would be absolutely happy to bait out their hard removal to clear the path for my actual wincons
i was just 11-2 on arena at this moment...
it's not, he only had Kael model in Warcraft Dota, that's all.
And how many objectives did you take?
none
Yeah, kind of Warsong for all minions, but obviously with higher cost.
Can't really agree with Oil Rouge being similar to Storm. The old Miracle Rouge would be a good equivalent, but Oil works a bit different. It kinda plays like Elemental Combo to me, rather than Storm. Midrange Druid fits more the R/G Ramp aka Valakut Trap playstyle. Of course all these givem we still stick to Modern.
Just like any other card game, those who invest more money usually have more and better cards.
The difference is, Amulet Bloom doesn't really care for board control, so early turns they do play cantrips and ramp spells and are focused on killing you of in matter of 1-2 turns with Titan + Borros Garrison or Hive Mind combo, whereas Valakut Trap care for board control either having sweepers or some creatures on their own (same like Druid) while having a strong drops for mid-to-late game having a very clear combo package (cheat fatties into play or Scapeshift-Valakut kill) and the usual beatdown package which includes hardcasting Primeval Titans and Emrakuls which are accelerated by ramp spells. While Drood has obvious combo and fatties Oil Rouge was explained so many times here already and I;m again to second that it doesn't remind of Storm at all. While Nivmagus also revolves around chaining few spells each turn and overall more tempo play.
you don't need infinite mana with High Tide :P
Personally I would not seek for similar "taking control over opponent minion" effect, but rather other valuable 6-drop. Sunwalker/Temple Enforcer comes to my mind first. Although get them as soon as possible, since in the current meta they have so many juicy targets and with Shrinkmeister they work wonders.
actually not, they do not flood the board like Zoo does, and rather rely on discard, removal and land destruction spells to clinch the opponent while beatind you down with undercosted creatures with downsides (usually the downside is the cost of paying life). Also Suicude Black do not really net card advantage through anything.
around 6 or 7 minutes, Sylvanas + Hammer on Haunted Mines, we took down the fort before mines opened and then pushed with like 80-20 golem.
commons and ~~uncommons~~ rares - they usually make the core of the deck, and it'd say it's harder to win with random bombs while rest of the deck is unstable piece of crap, rather than a resilient deck without many bombs
maybe it's time to visit your eye specialist then?
Any not banned/restricted card from Reserved List?
*Double strike, haste* *If Al'Akir would be dealt damage for the first time in game, prevent that damage* *Al'Akir must block if able* Way easier in my opinion
If you make players have perfect information of the opposing deck, you probably remove more skillcap rather than increase it? Why? Playing with limited information or no information requires skill of: 1. Anticipating what archetype you play against. 2. How do you want to mulligan 3. What line is your opponent likely to go 4. What your opponent has in your hand aka what cards do I play around 5. Knowing how to play to your own outs 6. Evaluating the amount of tempo and card advantage If you work with perfect information you neglect most of the mentioned above and it creatres possibly like 1-2 lines of play to go with. Not to mention 90% of the games would be slow/boring as fuck control matchups (and by slow/boring as fuck I mean if there is a guy who normally enjoys plaiying control, he would be disgusted by that) that would surely end up in fatigue wars. The deck would contain answers and threats only and nobody would be able to push through your threat for more than 1 turn at maximum. TL;DR. Removing RNG removes much of the skill cap, since playing around randomness and neglecting its influence is the true challenge here.
funny how "removing RNG" (according to OP) this way would make poker even more RNG based game
Ok, let me open a contest for the most idiotic explenation: so far you lead with "I'm so busy to be able to afford waste 5 seconds of my life, but I can afford to waste hours for playing HS". Entry is free and the winner will get an e-cookie!
the tooltip says how long the AS buff lasts afaik
prolly, this is inevitable when using your non-native language, especially when you're still learning it
it's often my go-to lvl 7 talent for Abathur, even though some would say Needlespine is hard to pass up there. But yea, usually MULE doesn't bring you that much value outside of Haunted Mines maybe, where it can be absolute bonkers
wonder how would it look like if they implemented EDH in HS. Much bigger card pool would be obviously needed :D
because not every team composition has to be oriented around 5v5 fights, sometimes you may go for pickoff - that's one of examples of when you want to be duelist in a 5v5 game
so you know that you don't have to take 5v5 fights to succeed, and there are some team compositions made not around taking fights, but for example taking picksoffs before objectives appear, so you have benefit on advantage you created moment ago. And others for instance, rather give up on objectives for sake of pushing/splitpushing. This is usual for most MOBA games and HotS is not different in that matter. Apart from that Hungering Arrow has other upsides - it is more bursty build than Multishot and gives you more sustain.
Sylvanas, defnitely Sylvanas - personally I like the threats that are sticky in my Priest deck, and Boom just dies to BGH, while there's less hard removal for 5-attack minions. Vol'jin is the next one in order you could get, or if you want to go more late game oriented Priest, get Ysera. All in all there are few other cards that could use a replacement here. In general you want to increase some of the 1-ofs you have to 2 copies - cards like Pyro, Blademaster, Auchenai, Cabal, possibly Shredder. BGH is not necessary in Priest, replace with second SWD instead. Double Thoughtsteal for control meta, if you meet more aggro decks, cut one and replace with like... Velen's Chosen maybe. Zombie Chow is nice to have, so is Light of Naaru, and both seem to be better than Holy Smite, pick one and replace (personally I managed to fit both Chow and Light into my deck). Mind Blast is baaad, whereas Farseer or Drake are not necessary and you likely not want to have them. (Drake is still a powerful card to fill in missing slots though)
you didn't come from MTG obviously if you say such bullshit...
nope, we did not get more deckslots
former, and not huntresses but sentinels
while Beastmaster is kind of a sub-class for Hunter
but it is not the exact pattern, if you look closely you will notice, they might be similar, but not exactly the same!
lore not, looks, definitely yes (unless you mean Tychus :D) &gt;how do you explain dat branches on bow, only Tyrande has them. she also has feathers, yet there are none on the teaser-portrait
Infinite - put a one good lane clearer on each lane for both sides, don't take objectives and camps and just kill minions, so they never push structures.
could be, if only there is someone who picks up this ult in game I would be sure then :)
I just meant that the need for more deckslots is based on my only personal opinion, and not the fact that half of this reddit shouts for it too. If so many people share this opinion, that may really indicate this is the problem then. As mentioned above I got hella lots of decks to play and I would really like to have them all available at the same time, instead of deleting some and building others. I also play MTG both paper and online version and online I don't have problems managing way more than 9 decks, and since HS interface and UI is way better, that would be even easier in here, just scroll beteen the deckslots - easy peasy.
He died actual 3 times or 0.75 times? Because if he died 3 times, that means 12 deahts in early games, which is actually a lot even more Murky
