I didn't really discover edm music that I liked until I was nearly 30. I can't fathom the idea of going to a club/show/festival. I can't imagine being that guy with a bald spot trying to spit game to 18-24 yr old girls. And I can't imagine getting into recreational drugs I've never used before with a full time job and other time sensitive responsibilities. Still love edm, I'll just enjoy if from the periphery.
So was Best Buy 10 years ago. "Hey bro, glad you could come over...what do you want to do? We got some time to kill." "Wanna go to best buy? They got Madden on a sweet setup with a 60 inch TV!"
...Where do you live?
Definitely fire...but [2 years ago fire](http://www.reddit.com/r/trap/comments/1amg1v/milk_in_my_sippy_cup_y_trap_mix/).
He's probably used that same line/joke at many other gatherings. Political speeches, be them serious or not, are well rehearsed. He was probably just too lazy to remove the Biden bits, or hoped no one would call him out on it.
ITT: people far too edgy and brave 4 me.
Do we know which sets are marketable/tradeable? Is it random or are only the same sets marketable/tradeable? It would be interesting to see how the system is messed up. Is it random sets, specific sets, and is it an error. I could see a lot of problems if they revert the items from marketable/tradeable to not tradeable. A lot of users would be upset if they fucked this up.
Checked out vpgame.com...I can't read anything...
&gt; dota2.vpgame.com Well that certainly makes a difference! Thanks. I'm very new to betting. So new, most of my bets have been for mere tens of pennies. I've only used D2L so far, but might give vpgame a try. Thanks!
Only way Cleveland can get a foul call: be a 5 foot 10 white guy getting clobbered by 7 foot black men.
Well, for Republican lawmakers, the goal is to starve the Obama Administration of legislative victories. And Obamacare is his signature legislative achievement. If Obamacare is upheld, continues to work, and is successful over a period of time, it shifts from being the "new healthcare law" to becoming the standard, the expected. It becomes commonplace and no longer a point of contention. And at that point, Obama would be heralded as a greater president because of it. Republican lawmakers want to deprive this potential future history from becoming reality.
Yup, 10% is the max.
KINKY
With rumors that they don't want a 1 mana cantrip in standard makes me think it landing in a blue-focused EDH deck, with new art, would be an ideal landing spot for it.
Rule of thumb, any commodity, when it is digital, [drives towards zero.](http://www.amazon.com/Free-The-Future-Radical-Price-ebook/dp/B002DYJR4G)
Sheesh, I just can't get into cosmetics like others can...I'm just too cheap. Sure, I have expendable funds, but I can't justify spending large sums on digital items, or literally anything digital. I did "splurge" on the lvl 50 compendium...but even that I was hesitant "Is this a good value? Will I regret this purchase? Is it worth it?" questions run through my head before every purchase, especially "frivolous" ones like hats. To this day my total expenditure on Dota 2 is less than $50. Thanks for subsidizing my play, big hat spenders!
Kevin Hart is the socially acceptable Katt Williams.
This is true, and in many ways a convenience...but internet speeds and other applications really haven't caught up to make it that accessible. I mean, I still can't email an attachment larger than 20 mb at work through outlook. To download my entire library of one genre of EDM music would take me hours at the 15-35 MB/s speeds available in my area. If we want everything on the cloud, we need some big fucking pipes, and we need them everywhere.
Yeah! It used to take me 15-30 minutes for a single Limp Bizkit song on Napster! I did it all for the nookie!
Any link? Cause this link dont work.
*water weight*
I think it also stems from the fact that reading/browsing reddit is an entirely personal and solo experience. Reddit is loaded with inside jokes, internet humor, and circlejerks that your average person won't understand, and won't understand why you find it so funny. Sharing reddit posts and/or comments with others can quickly become cringe-inducing.
Seems confusing for causal players...more confusing than additional deckslots.
One thing is for sure, advertisers now love using trap tracks on their commercials. From shoes to beer to cars to energy drinks. The more generic the better. I probably notice a new commercial featuring trap once a week.
Yo fam, you dun kno me. Shit is str8 fiya. Got me ROLLIN on dis un, ya erd? Hahahaha
Is anyone else going to point out that the weekly ask anything threads have the word "ask" repeated in the first line of the message? It's been this way for probably 6 months :)
Indeed. It is pretty sad, and desperate, when a channel goes from a standard visualizer to some stock image of some hot chick...like...we know why you did this...
Wow...his career accomplishments are so...shallow: - Bilzerian's most notable cash was in the 2009 World Series of Poker Main Event, for which he appeared on six episodes of the show's television broadcast. He finished in 180th place - In 2010, he was voted one of the funniest poker players on Twitter by Bluff Magazine - Bilzerian was signed by online casino company bgo to front their TV advertising campaign alongside Verne Troyer.
A 42 year old who not only reads, but posts, on adviceanimals is cringe enough.
You could make the argument that Lion is better "starting" hero for players new to the game. Making his stun hard to use would only frustrate new players. Literally every one of his spells is targetable. It's a change that doesn't affect pro level significantly, and affects new players significantly. I'd say Valve doesn't want to go that route.
Eh, it's any successful franchise. "Catering to the casuals" as it is usually referenced.
For those wondering how to get loungestats, it was new to me so thought I'd share: http://www.reddit.com/r/LoungeStats/comments/2dtm9w/how_to_install_loungestats/
Depends on the level of play. Sometimes I feel like it's just a matter of which teams have more cores. When everyone is average, and farm is evenly distributed, and your opponents aren't good enough to punish you for your greedy lineup, eventually you just have 5 right clickers that turn online.
Once I saw Diablo had tits, I completely checked out of the story.
It seems the bigger the tourney, and the higher profile of the team, the more consistent the matches are. Lower tier or even tier 2 teams competing in smaller less well organized events don't seem to have very reliable lineups or outcomes. This is just what I've been noticing lately. Mars dota tourney was really consistent. The favorite almost always won. But other small tourneys recently were hard to predict and had a lot of volatility in lineups.
I'm new to this whole betting thing and I'm trying to learn as fast as possible. Right now I'm 18-12. Although I have more wins, I've lost more in value and in items than I have won. Basically, it came down to betting too many items and sometimes too much value on matches that just didn't turn out. In trying to learn some general rule of thumbs from my observations. If anyone could verify these or add their own that would be really helpful: - bet small on big underdogs in best of ones. The classic "yolo bet." The payout is usually pretty good for the relatively small risk. - in a best of 3, bet the stronger team. This doesn't always mean the favored team. Which team has been drafting really well? Which team has a good understanding of the meta? Which team has been facing and/or beating top teams or teams above their usual bracket? This implies your able to watch some of the matches, or at least follow the drafts/outcomes online. - follow news and updates on teams. Who has standins? Who needs to win more, such as for placement matches or lower division. Follow gosugamers rankings and see recent matches. This is probably the hardest and most time consuming part. These ideas only scratch the surface on the complexity of betting. I hope to learn more and get better. I'm $3 in the hole right now despite being 18-12!
GSW was a clear, clear favorite IMO. Teams play completely different when they are in must win situations. GSW also played poorly the game prior and hadn't lost 3 in a row since 2013. A bounce back was not only likely, it was expected. I was shocked originally to see Cleveland was the favorite. So many bugattis lost on Cleveland. Wish I placed a bet but I don't have an account with vp games yet.
Another thing to consider is that Cleveland has been basically playing 6 players. That's almost 40 minutes a night per player. GSW were playing 10 players in their rotation. It was bound to happen that Cleveland's players would suffer from fatigue. They get 2 days off tho so game 5 is now tricky to predict. I'd have a small bet on GS, but only because of home court. I wish I knew as much, and felt as confident about my projections with the dota as I do with the nba.
You can't really criticize the techies pick, he may have picked it first and his team didn't pick complementary heroes. With tinker and tech the game can stall forever. Which is just what a team with specter wants. His team should have picked an appropriate carry to help the late game. They had none.
Very nice streak there. What sort of resources do you typically use to help make your decisions? I've been hitting only about 50/50 lately. Typically try to use gosugamers for past match ups. The comments on d2l discussion seem to be rather dishonest and deceptive too.
"What is battlebots? Is that a game show?"
And add an app for the PS3! I desperately desire one.
Yeah I upped my bet for Burden from .06 to .17. Yeah high roller :)
I'm pretty concerned about Navi picking Puck. So far Puck has been an insta-lose hero pick...
The item is being bought out. It isn't just "deck builders." Several of my playsets sold lasts night with multiples going to the same buyer. I find it more likely they wanted to snap up my copies to try to flip rather than building 2x collect call elves decks.
Good points. I think the speculation market has become more obvious because *anyone* can be a speculator. Although we know how difficult it can sometimes be to turn that speculation into profit. Fees, shipping, time invested, etc are all factors that cut into profits, and for many, the effort isn't worth it. Sure, you may think "Wow! My Tasigur's just jumped in value!" but if they don't move them in a timely fashion (and thus not play them) they aren't making any profit. My point being, because of the growth of magic as a whole, the playerbase has expanded, and so have the "casual" speculators. People hear the hype trains and jump on them, but casual speculators don't usually have the required infrastructure, supplies, desire, or time to be committed to the speculation game, and they likely fall out of it over time. I would imagine, as the growth of the playerbase slows, so does the speculation market.
More like buyout of Ezuri, Renegade Leader. I had a small investment in it (12x copies) and they were flipped for a tidy profit. Who knows, I could have waited a bit longer and gotten more for them. While Ezuri is the win condition, I went deeper on Elvish Archdruid. It has a ton of printings, but is in every iteration of elves deck, while Ezuri is more the hot commodity.
Thanks. But it seemed like a no brainier. I kept seeing posts in /r/modernmagic and /r/spikes about the elves deck. People were saying it was legit. Multiple posts about optimal main deck choices and sideboard tech, primers, etc. Basically, it wasn't a flash in the pan like so many decks that see a post but never make it into a top 8.
I have a strong feeling the "most recent polls" will put him just outside the top 10 before the first debate is held. Networks will simply notify maybe 15 candidates that they may be in the debate, and will shape the poll numbers beforehand to exclude Trump. Trump will NOT be on a major network debate.
[Trump once led 2012 polls](http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2011/04/15/poll-donald-trump-leads-2012-gop-field) but never appeared in any 2012 debates. Now, I would *love* if he actually appeared, but I just don't see it happening. Trump will say crazy shit whether he is at a debate or simply behind a podium with a camera in front of him. Is there a cash-grab possibility here for networks? Sure, is there also an established Republican party that *doesn't* want him alongside Jeb, Rubio, or Walker? You betcha.
