How can they guard anyone with an L85 and those stupid hats?
Some are good, some are great, some are terrible. All are better than the fucking degenerate anime text adventure games.
What is the warranty period on children?
So, you claim that Donetsk and Luhansk have US soldiers engaged in combat right now? Source? Keep earning those rubles comrade. Given how worthless they are, you'll need as many as you can get.
lol. You should make your lies less transparent.
Lots of combat in Lviv?
Keep dancing around your claims. It amuses me.
So, how was the incident resolved?
Who gives a flying fuck what they want?
I hope she doesn't destroy her future trying to do this, because she won't succeed.
HAHAHA! They can barely get announcing the next station correctly, or which train is arriving.
What race? You can't just give poor people a large payout and expect them to succeed with it. Doesn't matter what colour their skin is.
No one forced him to incapacitate himself. Being drunk is not an excuse.
How are they taking advantage?
Why isn't it ok?
If a cabbie was upfront with charging $1k, and some foolish drunk didn't notice or care, I would congratulate the cabbie. Manipulating drunks for profit is A-Ok in my books. Drivers caught inebriated should be summarily executed.
This is entirely untrue. I applaud your efforts to keep the lower classes from VR technology.
&gt; But I think good-will would be to buy back the licenses. Fuck that. Licenses were never meant to be a retirement investment, and the government is under no obligation to maintain their value.
Given their performance in Yemen, I'm unconcerned with selling the Saudi's weapons, since they are unable to use them effectively.
Fuck, that was close! Can you imagine the terror that would have been wrought if this man continued to collect things?! A whole 0 people could have died. Meanwhile, my elderly neighbour still has her driver's license, something that is guaranteed to end in tragedy, and yet nothing can be done.
Why the flying fuck would Israel cooperate with the UN on anything? The UN has allowed itself to be used as a political cudgel against Israel for a long time.
They should skip the harrier entirely and get the A7 done next. It would do really well next to F-18 and F-14.
On the other hand, Luckey claimed that it would be roughly in the ballpark of $350 as late as September. Previous numbers thrown about were between $200 and $400. Nebulous hints do not trump real numbers, so it's understandable why people feel betrayed.
With a launch price like that, I expect developers will think twice about continuing with VR support. Will the Elite Dangerous and DCS devs be able to justify the development time to support a niche product like this with their already niche software?
$65 shipping? Do you live in Alert?
I was worried we wouldn't get the opinion of worthless youtubers. Thank god for adblocker.
You needed a 2nd lung scan because they fucked the 1st one up. You still have to pay for their fuckup though.
"Remember all that shit about ballparks and price ranges? I was just lying to keep the hype train hyping."
People volunteer to make themselves feel better? So the fuck what? They get to feel better, people get help. Everyone wins. As long as they don't volunteer my time and resources against my will, I don't see a problem.
Rage against vague PR bullshit when the fog of war is finally removed is good and should be encouraged, not suppressed.
The idea that all of Canada should remain poor with a weak dollar so that Southern Ontario can compete with shitholes like Mexico or Alabama for car manufacturing as a way to fix the economy is pretty laughable.
He made a mistake by lying when responding to those morons.
People should remain upset. Not about the price but about how they were misled. Marketing goons the world over need to learn that their obfuscating bullshit and lying about ballparks has consequences.
Many of my friends have done exactly this, and every day it seems more and more foolish that I don't follow.
This is how we defeated alcoholism, right?
This may be one of the most effective inadvertent arguments against socialized medicine I've ever seen. "Since the government pays your health bill, the government gets to decide how you live." No thanks.
Well, except for the fact that Ghadafi sponsored multiple terrorist attacks in the west and had turned Anti aircraft weapons on protesters. He was an enemy of the West, and only calmed down once Bush went crazy in Iraq, and Ghadafi realized he could be next on the hitlist. When an opportunity to easily remove him presented itself, it is no surprise that it was taken.
Except of course, the Mujaheddin that the CIA armed in the Afghanistan war didn't become the Taliban or Al Qaeda, they became the Northern Alliance. Hardly good guys, but not a real problem for anyone in the West.
They don't have "The Omega Virus" so it is the worst thing ever.
Calgary teen clearly has too much time on her hands. Maybe the CBE should open up a labour camp for after school activity?
&gt;losing 25% of the condo value is a valid concern No it isn't. No one is promised that their property value will only go up.
Exactly. Shitting on Veterans has always been Canadian.
Anyone who would kill themselves because of what a shirt says is welcome to do so.
Ha Ha. Fuck you. Your magic Sky-man is stupid and you should feel ashamed for believing what you do. Go bang your head towards Santa Claus or eat crackers pretending they are people somewhere else.
Hopefully Inglewood gets washed away in the next flood. Replace it with some nice condos.
Ukraine got rid of its nuclear weapons, look where that got them. North Korea developed nuclear weapons, and lil' Kim can do whatever he likes to the Hermit Kingdom. Nuclear weapons aren't going anywhere. This is a wasted effort.
Wait, some people get GST back?!
If the Oculus Store is as bad as the pre-order system they have in place, I will be very unhappy.
Well, I certainly wouldn't trust data produced by city officials at the behest of their political masters.
&gt; I do so love the media portrayal of CPS. When a child is taken into care "THOSE EVIL CPS WORKERS!". When something happens to a child that wasn't brought into care "THOSE STUPID CPS WORKERS!". Of course, this is well deserved thanks to the brutal incompetence on display at CPS.
