Uh well maybe it was cold and he was trying to keep warm? I don't see how keys in the ignition are a guarantee that this guy was driving.
I have those same boxers. They are Christmas themed superman underwear
Yeah I was kinda being sarcastic anyways. Because mapporn always has the most ridiculous random maps so this kind of thing would fit in
I live in North Dakota I see about 1 Chinese person per year. I don't actually believe that Chinese people shit on the ground I was just going along with the shit I always hear on reddit haha. Come to think of it I've seen 4 people shitting outside and they've all been white
Ahem I masturbate to my globe every single day and my racial tolerance has never been higher. So you don't know what you're talking about
Wow reddit sucks. JLo uses her fame to endorse a charity and all you people care about is the fact that she isn't dressed like mother Theresa. I'm willing to bet JLo has donated more to charity than everybody in this thread combined. But no fuck her because she has some rings.
Yeah, that's why he thought it was GTA.........
Cool!!
Why would this petition affect them at all? Are the guys who made bloodborne gonna be like "ok guys we can make $50 billion dollars from PC but all these sweaty guys just signed this thing telling us not too. *sigh* guess we won't get that money"
God and every single comment was the same. "Omg this AMA is the best!!1!"
It's actually 2 four year olds standing on top of one another in an 8 year old body suit
To be fair some people do eat dogs. And some people keep pigs as pets. I don't get the argument you're making. Obviously people are not going to stop eating beef. Would you rather cows be treated like shit before we eat them or would you rather they get to enjoy the time they have alive?
Ok so his mom then
Ok
I do refuse to admit it's wrong. Because I don't think it's wrong. There's no argument to be had here because neither of us are changing our mind. You value an animals life just as much as a humans life and I don't. End of discussion
Maybe if you had a parent who wasn't there for things like that it would be easier to sympathize
Ah it's always the dumbest shit that makes me laugh the most
Montana?
Yeah they used to deliver by mail. I mean they still do, but they used to as well.
Idk what I just did but that was really hard for my brain to do
Neat! Ah ok give me 10-15 min I've never won this before
Yeah but what does the second part even have to do with the first part? The more proper way would be: Yeah alcoholism and drugs are bad, But maybe if you're can't quit drugs and alcohol you're better off dead anyways. Or something like that. Yours is just kind of confusing and doesn't really mean anything
7 faces 2 loudspeakers
Haha no I was just taking a shot in the dark... Was I close at least?
seating sections of a church?
Yeah those are interesting stats but.... It's Star Wars. You could release it any day of the year and I'm fairly certain it will smash every movie record there is. Has there ever been a movie with more hype and excitement surrounding it than Star Wars?
People don't just come on the Internet and lie about things man
First of all, how **DARE** yo u
I don't think that's the problem because some of them that aren't playing come from /r/perfectloops and they are definitely meant to replay.
I'll try n find one quick
I was surprised I made it this far before I saw some douche make fun of your beer choice
I had my phone all the way up and I had to hold the speaker up to my ear to hear what he said. He spoke clearly but the mic wasn't close enough to him
I would help my best friend torture them to death and then eat them alive
Does anybody have the original of this? Can't seem to find it
It's been years since I played so I could be wrong but I swear you could do an impossible in at least one of them
He's literally unable to even
2015 baby memes are HQ shit now
I call bs I bet you've never been to Walmart. Because they wouldn't point, they would look in the direction of the games, grunt and fart then walk away slowly
Tomato tomato
Hey shut your mouth we are hating on airlines here
Why are people from Cleveland fans of the Giants? That makes no sense to me Edit: or were you referring to the Warriors fans?
Yeah last I heard voat was down. Might be back up now. But I could care less if the CEO is a nazi, I just want to be able to get all my news in one place and be able to have discussions about it. Which reddit still is, so I'll be here till that changes
Is that the guy who plays Steve the pirate? Cuz that's who I thought of
sometimes at my Walmart I can find a cart that has all 4 wheels
You were still in school towards the end of June? That must have been rough, I was always done with class late May or early June
She's in greys anatomy
Ah I remember the early days in like 6th grade when I would finish and immediately apologize to God because I felt like such a pile of crap with no self control. Then I would jerkoff again 20 minutes later and repeat the process.
Are they supposed to open every box and check every bag of fruit snacks? It is the fault of the warehouse or whomever sent the fruit snacks to Walmart. As others have said, it is walmarts brand so yeah they are at fault in the end but it isn't necessarily the fault of the particular store that sold the snacks
That's classic marketing. They don't give a fuck about existing customers it's all about making new ones
Anybody got a mirror?
