Rainbowsix, game is like bf4 content with csgo competitive. Im a poor guy :(
im sure theres much of guides out there, but i prefer to hear from fellow redditor's - As a prot warrior, how can i keep much aggro and not get "out" aggro by big dmg by your teammates? Im lv 71 so i have a pretty good size of skills, but i feel like sometimes when i pull alot, theres always that 1-3 npc going for healer,ranged dmg.
what watts do u vape on?
i feel like tos brings back old mmo genre feels making players more social like they were back in maplestory, ro,etc
this is well detailed and easy to understand, thanks! btw will my lantency on online games such as csgo,wow go from 20ms to 300?
its red horse
MMorpg is the next big thing
where did u get this ?
One way to track down gold spammers, When we get those surveys, make sure it tracks our blocklist.. So the high amount of names being block = gold spammer, ezpz
what rank do i need for that?
clicking client doesnt do anything, also do u know whats the required ms?
i hear ingame under 70 is minimum for kfm..
i heard this was not accurate at all?
nah u just cant aim/time it right.. bns introduce me to this new action pvp feel.. just gotta get use to it. its not ur typical tab targgetting locked type, it requires you to move your mouse more often
game went from being fun and knowing your teammates are on par with your mind level, to i gotta carry this shitty silver 4 while the rest of are gold 1 and diamond 5...
nah u just suck
irrelevant
irrelevant
is there a way to contact support to delete my character? 7days for lv 20 alt is too long -.-
The division.. hyppee!
lv 43 vs 28 dafckk
summoners were a pain but i figure out how i can beat them, just purep ressure on the player not cat.. make sure to Q . E aloooot... if ur up close to them, its an ez win.. spam tab as gap closer..
am i the only guy who doesnt give a shit about the drop of graphic quality? this game is the game ive been wanting as a fps/mmorpg type player.. hyppeee
havent been on ecr lately, did u guys announce the flavor for Mr. E? my guess was pixie candy powder
what can we use gold for anyways? im new and havent even gotten to cap
Nikita Chuck
got the code! ty, is there anyway we can predownload
lv 20 is best early lvl to start, i reach gold at lv 26.. only loosing to summoners and fm cuz their cheese at low lvls
cuz their bunch of fat greedy cash grab company.
play a class that requires skills?
too bad this game is click to win =[
is there any guild wars?
is there any stream now? its 28th for me
if u read the damn Post, im asking how will classes be balance when the new patch is up ( lv 50) -.-
ur soo cool
u need to download wtfast, and run division through there.. its a common issue. and the only fix we have for now is that u use WTFAST
i have settings to low-med, but still getting constant freezes in party plays ( medical hospital/stadium dungeon/mission )
4 classes and still unbalance lmao.. also having to only zerg vs zerg sucks, looking for 1v1 is a pain..
just recieved a txt saying, my tmobile hotspot is at 80% and at 100% speed will be down to 120kbps.. im using tethered as my internet for my pc ( usb connected to my s4 ~ pc ) but it also stated that my data on my s4 will still be high speed, is there anyway i can use that as internet through tether ? ( newbie here )
im stupid, i thought i needed mobile spot to use tethering lmao.. btw, does x-amount of uses = decrease of speed?
found a fix, once im ingame ( character login ) i exit out of wtfast.. seems like the vpn was the problem
did we get any patch?
first character i played was assassin, got lv 15 and went straight to gold lmaoo. assassin controls the match all the time! once u learn your skills its fcking a walk in the park. Anyone who disagree is either an assassin or just trolling. If u want a real class, go kfm or bm..
can u share this :)?
never heard this site, did anyone else buy from this site?
not sure if ur just a white knight or blind... assassin is pretty fcking simple class, stealth &gt; dmg &gt; re-stealth &gt; apply bleeds &gt; stealth &gt; win.
ur tl:dr has about the same words and numbers of sentence in your op.. Lol
ToS
is it better to have both leads in the same top holes for 1 coil, and the other coil both in the bottom holes?
i have this pre-made fused clapton coil dual. 26g/36g Kanthal wire 6 wraps.. should i lower it to 5 for a 50-60 watt evic mini mod? or 6 wrap is enough for the evic mini
