You've got a friend in me (bah dum bah dum bah)
"Where are my testicles, Summer?". That was all I needed.
-heavy breathing-
You glorious bastard
Not sure if emoji analysis translates to swearing but maybe
Or since day 1
I love the idea. Maybe 6-8% less damage each time? (IE, Skarmy could still hard-counter it)
Mostly tap spells (except zapping hordes) and drag troops
IT'S YOUR BOY
Are we allowed to keep Floyd I'll fight other people for him
Think he's worth 2 years 9 mil?
Easily bent, flexible?
LET'S GO!!!
I mean, 28 TDS to 2 INTs is almost as sexy
Easy bent, flexible?
I think I'd rather have Blount get one more to get past 2009 Peterson.
We're on to... uh... either KC, Houston, or Miami?
Was the Floyd block on there and I just didn't see it? Great job as always.
By running into his center's ass?
My list adds Denver but yeah. Some teams are as good as we are, and a loss does not a season make.
Easily bent, flexible?
It's been a long time gone
And James Earl Jones is pretty old
I think it was when she was declared stable
...Captain Deadpool
I think we may need some kind of... wall... to keep that ice royalty out... wait a sec isn't this on the holonets?
So- Night's King- Brady Snow- Luck/Rodgers Dany- Eli That's as far as I've gotten
Back in the original, they had these clearly fake minivans with missiles. As a loyal stormtrooper, I frequently repurposed them for Imperial dominance.
Username checks out.
So... you OK?
Somebody call PETA. Our new WR seems to enjoy dolphin cruelty.
Wow. Isn't that amazing? I mean, shit. I got motion sickness just from looking at it.
Baby: "hey I want my arm." Dog: "no."
Presented by Bill Belichick, is the 2016 Bill Belichick CotY Award, presented to... Bill Belichick
Yeah, if Bill Belichick joined Reddit.
Am now officially convinced you're the crazy dude from that one Poe story
Hello children
The 'depressed birthday existential crisis' phase.
Sexy as hell (yeah right) Babes knocking on the door (they aren't)
The best part is I love you and you have a great time with you guys I hope you're having fun
Dude Portal was the shit
He's the man who's gonna burn your house down! with^the^lemons^
Up
No let's not do that
1
As is tradition
I'm like 90% sure it was because of Destiny (the game), but I remember the first time I made an account I was driving back from Florida and didn't have anything to do (I'm from NE)
Shit. In no particular order Civil War Deadpool Rogue One Dr. Strange Mad Max Matrix Bee Movie Batman v Spermicide I'm sure there were more but those are the ones I remember
A Song of Ice and Fire
Probably, but those were the movies I saw for the first time in 2016
