http://joosejuice.co.uk About £7 for 60ml. Not sure about postage. It's not the best, but it's perfectly vapable and has good service.
&gt;I really don't think it is the right time to speculate about the exact cause of death at this time I agree, but Lord Oakeshott seems to have little doubt as to what happened. Very sad.
I don't think they will be competitive on any level. ELO has them rated at 75th in the world, and only 32 teams will qualify. I'd be surprised if they didn't loose every match by 8 goals.
Yes, their marketing could have been better. Now they sell 30ml, but you get two bottles, so it's 60ml, but I don't know why they don't just state that it's 60ml? Unless you only get 2x15ml bottles!
Didn't NN have some problems with how strong their nic was?
http://www.reddit.com/r/DIY_eJuice/comments/37v69m/problem_with_nude_nicotine_3mgml_7030_nic_base/ 3 days ago.
Any news on Half Life 3?
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16104275 Well, he did block one thing, only for the EU to sign a different agreement without us. It doesn't seem like we'd loose anything of value.
Coupe. I think that's a Bugatti Type 57, so do a search for cars from that era.
Here's Ford's. http://www.topgear.com/uk/photos/ford-classic-car-2011-09-20 They take some of them to historic events like Goodwood.
&gt; Prohibition has never, will never work. I agree, but I think we're in a new era. For years the types of drugs that people take has been fairly constant. With new legal highs, and two new drugs a week being discovered, it's impossible to regulate them, or to be aware of the consequences of the new drugs. I think the only way to control drugs is by regulating the sale of traditional drugs, which hopefully will result in the demise of the legal highs.
&gt; We could also make a very strong case the junior doctors are paid less than equivalents abroad, and that is the reason so many leave for Australia and New Zealand. We could make a case for virtually every public sector worker of some kind. What's that got to do with it? You create a somewhat ridiculous thread about MPs pay and then go off on a tangent about fuck all. &gt;MPs happen to have a 'regulator' who makes the case for them without MPs themselves having to make the case at all. If teachers announced they didn't need a pay rise for the next five years would we see the department of Education step in and demand that they had one? I doubt it. Perhaps that's happened, I don't know, do you?
&gt; You can't effectively have a monetary union without a fiscal union. I agree, and that is why the € is doomed to fail. 1999 - "*Let's have a common currency.*" 2015 - "*This doesn't work very well.*" No shit...
You've been handed a link to the report and were asked to offer a rebuttal, but didn't. And, yes, making something credible probably *is* a justification.
&gt; The article makes a good point about alcoholism, we are quick to judge but how many of us are effectively functional alcoholics? I don't know, how do you define alcoholic? I don't like the way the article suggests that Britain is different to elsewhere. Each country has it's own intricacies when it comes to booze, and I think that because we have such a pub based culture, it makes our problems look worse than others. Overall, [we're not particularly better or worse than many counties](http://www.who.int/substance_abuse/publications/global_alcohol_report/msb_gsr_2014_3.pdf).
The video is woeful. It looks like someone watched the "Blurred Lines" Robin Thicke video and tried to copy it. It's an interesting idea. I don't know if it'll catch on, but I think it's worth remembering that the majority of vapers don't go much beyond cigalikes, so I have no doubt that it'll work for some.
Perhaps you should learn how to debate like an adult.
&gt;educate properly on the risks How could we do that when we have no idea what the risks of the legal highs are?
We might not yet know the full risks of *any* drug, prescribed or not. What I'm certain of though is that we don't know the risks of any of the new legal highs. How can we when they are being released at a rate of two a week? Tetrazepam was tested, and on sale for decades I believe, yet now it's banned in the EU. How can a government legalise the new highs, only to find out in a few years that everyone who took it is terminally ill? I think it's pragmatic to decriminalise and control the conventional drugs, but I think we need to be very cautious with the new laboratory created drugs.
But this was '89. The internet wasn't about, and certainly not in China. My suspicion is that the authorities dealt with him. He made a mockery of the Chinese.
Who's is it? Our schools? Our military? Our NHS? All sound perfectly acceptable to me.
That's odd, my experience couldn't be more different.
It demonstrates a serious amount of misunderstanding to try an insult someone in this manner, and I find it quite worrying that people who, I presume, consider themselves to be politically aware, could cast such inaccurate aspersions. I understand that certain sections of the media enjoy portraying UKIP in a negative light, but that it actually translates into popular opinion is very disheartening.
It's slightly dated, but unless things have changed recently, it's quite different to the rest of London. http://www.parliament.uk/documents/foi/House-of-Lords-FOI/FOI-978/Menus-and-bar-tariffs-Feb-2013.pdf Page 11. £2.60 for a Carlsberg.
I'm surprised by some of the stories I've heard here. I can give as often as possible with no problems at all. The staff are friendly, appreciative and efficient. I had no idea it varied so much.
I didn't know about that. It's strange that the blood donation place doesn't even mention it. I've had a look, and my nearest is about a 70 mile round trip. Hmmm...
Again, I'm really surprised by their attitude. It's the first time I've ever seen negative stories about donating, and the woman you spoke to clearly wasn't cut out for her job. I'd just like to pick up on something though. You say that donating "is in no way, shape or form a favour you are doing for me", and you are partially right, but given that the uses for donations are Surgical, Haematology, Gastro intestinal bleeding, Anaemia and Maternity, in that order, it's unlikely that someone you care about hasn't benefited from donations. I'm thinking about linking this thread to the NHS. The reason for the decline in donations might be more complex than they thought.
He could always use his freedom of movement.
I think that all major hospitals should have blood donating areas, however I can only imagine that it's been thought of previously, and, for whatever reason, it isn't practical. It's a good idea though. How come you missed work for a whole day? Was your work quite physical? Personally I always make sure that I have a really good meal the night before I'm going to donate, and know what I'm going to eat when I get home again. A sandwich would be nice, but I guess it would be more money, and I'm not sure how much of an incentive it would be anyway. Tea and ginger nuts for me please. A pop-up donor van does seem like it would be quite popular. Move it every day, and park up in high footfall areas like train stations.
Don't think it is. Neil said he didn't make it I believe. Richard Biggs. Bit of a knob imo.
Probably already has. Check iplayer.
A carbonated penalty?
I think it's a very fine balancing act for the NHS. Anything less that 100% occupancy is a waste of their time, and I guess that to achieve 100% you have to book in 110% of donors, much like the airlines do. I know that it leads to some frustration when you can't do a walk-in, but I suppose that it's better than dozens of anecdotes about the NHS staff sitting around doing nothing.
&gt; However if there's ever going to be a situation which warrants it, then this must be it. Why? It's deeply, deeply offensive, and I sincerely hope that whoever wrote that has had a life ending accident by now, but it's *only* an insult. The Nevilles don't deserve that sort of abuse from anyone, but it simply isn't a police matter. &gt;Those of us who would normally say the police shouldn't get involved in these kinds of things - are you having second thoughts when it's this bad? No. If it's a physical threat, yes, but this isn't. The police can't monitor shades of insults, and if they did, I feel, sadly, that they would get more wrong than they do right. What's the solution? Well, after a pub visit, here's my best effort. An Internet Offence Panel. The IOP (easy to type too), would award points to the victims from 1 to 10. A one gives you the the address and name of the offender, and the right to throw a custard pie in their face. A 10 gives you the right to do what ever you like to the offender that isn't death. Occasionally someone might be granted an 11, like Spinal Tap. Please don't try to get the police involved in what's tasteful, insulting, humours or offensive. It just wouldn't work.
There was no hate crime. A hate crime has to involve a level of violence.
Please highlight the offence.
No, sadly they didn't. *threatening behaviour* - There were no threats *assault* - There was no assault *robbery* - No theft *damage to property* - No damage *inciting others to commit hate crimes* - No incitment *harassment* - No harassment, just a deeply unpleasant opinion. Offensive? With no doubt, but it's not a police matter.
Sorry, I thought that was a given. I thought the discussion was about insults like "*Phil Neville's daughter is a spastic, she's a Cyclops and she has eight toes*". Is this thread really about the death and rape threats? It's a given that the police should be involved in them, as they already are, and I think it's you who got a bit confused as to what the OP said, *"Those of us who would normally say the police shouldn't get involved in these kinds of things - are you having second thoughts when it's this bad?"*. That was the core of the debate. As I see it, it's the level of insult and accountability that's the subject.
Because they need more blood, hence the appeal. The main complaint here seems to be that the times are inconvenient. It wouldn't be instead of mobile units, but in addition to them.
It's reminded me of someone at school who used to sell 'pizza' at lunchtime. Toast. Tomato purée. Cheese. Grilled. It wasn't bad really.
You're welcome. Please don't link this thread to Noma. I know they have been looking for it for years.
I think what would happen is that we'd see a massive rise in crime.
I believe that it's actually your duty to take any boat back to where it came from if it's not seaworthy and in international waters.
&gt; All because they have broken international law does not mean we should It's not against international law, in fact it's exactly what Italy used to do until 2011 when they introduced their Mare Nostrum law. Given the figures since then, I don't think that there's and doubt at all that Mare Nostrum encouraged thousands more to try and make the journey, as the chances of success where greatly increased.
&gt; If you get caught and get dumped back at the official port (which is equipped to house people) where's the incentive to risk death. Many of these people have zero chance of being granted asylum because they come from *relatively* stable countries. Why would they go through the official channels with no chance of being granted asylum?
But your idea would make sod all difference. If you have a legitimate claim for asylum, you go through your Libyan based immigration control. If you don't have a legitimate claim for asylum, you pay someone a huge amount of money on a deserted beach with 200 other people to go in a dilapidated boat. What needs to change is the Italian's Mare Nostrum law. Although I have no doubt that it was created with good intentions, it's actually ended up being responsible for the death of thousands.
&gt; And my system also would take passengers from such boats back to the immigration centre/refugee camp. It's not perfect, but I just can't see a way to halt the current situation without fixing the situation in Libya to some degree. And after that? We don't know where they're from, so they would just be in limbo forever. Why create that burden for ourselves when we could reduce the incentive to make the journey? What we need to do is to remove the incentive to travel. It's not a matter of being in-compassionate, it's about having rules that deter people from taking ridiculous risks. If we don't do something I believe that this will continues for many years, much like the Calais camp situation.
Yup. It's such an odd number because we had to comply with EU regulation which set the limit at 90 KPH, about 57 MPH.
&gt; For example, the largest annual percentage increase in net migration in the UK in the last 25 years was between 1993 and 1994... but that doesn't tell us the whole story. Wow. What an incredibly disingenuous stat.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Better_Place Something similar failed, but that might be because it was a bit premature.
