Your doing yourself a disservice by playing without a joystick. A hotas makes a world of difference
If you knowingly keep that information from someone, that's an absolutely terrible violation of trust, and I would consider someone who does that to be the lowest form of human being. I don't know what country your in, but in my country that's illegal as far as I know, and for good reason.
Toys section of Wal-Mart sells various priced water guns.
The issue I had with my rail asp is the 4 small rails and the 2 medium rails don't fire at the same time. I would swap between the small and medium in combat. Eventually I ended up going to a full multicannon setup. 4 small and 2 medium multicannons shred targets.
A ligar
Vulture after t6, then a t7, then an asp. I ran the vulture/asp combo doing combat and rare runs. I found the asp excellent for running rares. The t6 has good range, but your far less vulnerable in the asp. From the vulture/asp combo I went to the center python. It's been my main ship despite adding the fdl and the anaconda.
It's also the cheapest built stick I have ever seen. I took the dive on it knowing the bad reviews, and it's held up, but it's light, and feels super cheap. It creeks and has lots of play in the stick. It's got a shit load of buttons, lots are of no use for elite, and the 3 hats on the stick seems silly as its very awkward to use. I'd advise against it, but to each their own. If you were in Canada I'd sell you mine.
This only applies to people trying to jump to supercruise. You cannot mass lock a ship that is jumping to another system.
The wings of 4 pythons interdicting and killing single commanders is pathetic. Elite Dangerous : assholes in space
Each system is its own level. When you jump to a new system, that's essentially a loading screen.
I have never done any mining, but am thinking about trying. My anaconda is collecting dust atm, so I might as well try that. What's involved for mining? Do I need a lot of mining lasers, or is 2 enough? I assume I need a refinery, cargo space, and drones to collect?
Hard point placement wise, the type 9 may be better than using my anaconda...
Gta v style insurance. Someone murders you, they bite the cost. It's how insurance works in the world. Discourage pointless murder, be good reason for the thousands of solo traders to play open.
To get solo traders in open, you need to reduce the number of pointless murders. Changing the insurance so the killer pays the rebuy, may help reduce the chances of a trader getting killed by another player just for fun.
Few months ago my work became so stressful that I started getting anxiety attacks. I sacked up my pride and talked to my doctor, who prescribed an anti depressant. Now I feel much better. The worry is still there, but my stress peaks and valleys is more smooth, I'm able to keep things in perspective. It probably saved my life. Side effect... I have the runs all day, every day.
She has an awesome ass.
I like the word "respected". Thinks back to getting jumped and murdered last week by cosmic state goons
lol, I'll post what I please.
I don't see how an hour of bounty hunting only got you 40k. Even a wanted sidewinder can be that much. With a cheap kws, you should be pulling in 20x that in an hour
Tossing mild insults and then telling someone to be diplomatic.... Ha
Didn't read the whole thing, but the reality is this game is still in beta. Retail or not, it's buggy as all he'll and lacking in features. Powerplay is a giant bowl of hot trash. Mixing in a civilization style meta at this point in development seems to be a bad decision. I know lots of people who have left because the game needs atleast a years development before it's up to par. You own the game, if it's not feeling right, nothing stopping you from leaving and returning when it's in a more complete state.
In all my time I have never bothered to visit a belt cluster. I have always been disappointed with stations. The outposts and orbis star ports have some variations, and the coriolis has 2 variations.... It's so boring. Every system feels the same. I'd like to see shipyards, slave stations, giant military outposts, solar generating stations, deep space research outposts, huge recycling barges that drift around systems...massive faction star bases. Giant space scrap yards. Games like X have lots of variety and the universe feels alive. Elite feels very empty.
Experiences like this are rare, but great to hear about.
Been there myself, I know your pain Count yourself lucky the friction didn't lead to bleeding and a subsequent infection.. Worst 4 weeks of my life. Well written
Cool story.
Don't be a sore looser. If you run from a pirate, your asking to be killed. When your pirated, you either submit to the demands, negotiate your way out, or run and die. 100% of the time I pirate someone, if they responded to communication things go well. And most of the time, if the player I pirate makes a case for it, I let them go with only a few units of cargo. Of the 4 people I pirated last night, one ran, and I left him crippled. One I only asked for 2 units because he had a bounty and was a new player, the other two I let go free because they made a case for it.
I'm shaking in my boots. But hey, add me to your contact list. Your free to take a crack at me anytime you please.
The lave cluster is a lot more calm these days than before powerplay.
Piracy is a negotiation. If you have to forcibly take the cargo, you have done it wrong.
Waaah waaah Killing is OK. Stealing is OK. Corrupting entire star systems is OK. Galatic war is OK. Slavery and drugs are ok. Espionage is totally over the line? This adds to the experience. Go toss wet blankets somewhere else.
Hahahaha
Turrets are terrible, the damage reduction is brutal. Fixed is best, gimball is the most practical. The viper is by far, a better ship, and it's hard to outfit it poorly. I enjoyed a mix of beams and multicannons, but I also enjoyed a full multicannon build aswell as running pure rail guns.
Grind it to the viper. If you find someone to help you, hit a res and knock off a few bounties. Two dropships or clippers and you have 200-300k, and your into a viper in no time. I spent less then an hour in my sidewinder.
A thargoid threat will be a unification of the players. Right now we are all split, fighting for different factions. Bring in a threat that surpasses other threats and enemies will work towards a single goal. ..... Or it will fracture it. Part of me wants to see a mass wave of thousand of players moving towards a front to meet the enemy. Think of the community goals. War parties, search and rescue. Supply the front line systems, evacuate civilians, material supplies to build capital ships. Giant space battle escorting fleets of civilian evacuation ships. Same time, have groups that will try to take advantage of the situation. Rouge groups that run and try to colonize a system on the other side of the Galaxy. The alien war allows for huge story arcs. Much more interesting than the stupid powerplay stories
Most doors are made from fiberboard. So toxic glues, paints, plastics.
Nhl games. Resogun, the witcher 3
Google a video. Any description wouldn't do it justice. Also, Diablo 3 on console is actually really good, much better than pc.
I'd steal every pair of Emma stones panties.
Would bang
I'd murder the he'll out of all the cheerios, fruit loops and corn pops
A fedora Or a vape
For me, predator... Was my live for so many years.... Fury road though.... That shit is flawless.
Your statement that America only does what you claim is prejudice and ignorant. I see just as much positive about America as I see them slamming others.
I got drunk and screwed a bunch of girls. Gave me fuckload of confidence
Your ignorant to suggest that all Americans do that. And yet most other countries like to do the same thing towards America
Medical yes, recreation no
More tits
Obama. Always Obama
Ten points good sir
Incomplete without a photo of you in your underwear.
