to be fair, i'm 26 and i'd do exactly the same thing
don't just rush head on into battle, hang near the back of the group and get an idea of how the game plays on the first match, second match unleash hell and rek everyone
Try soldier 76, he's a more generic run and gun character, but he also has healing abilities so he can be a great support. When you play as a support character like that you'll be watching what the rest of the team is doing to work out who needs healing/where your fire power will be useful and that will help you to work out the best ways of playing as more complicated characters. When you're on the attack side and the defense are all waiting outside your spawn when the start timer hits about 1 second drop your heal pool just outside the spawn door, this can help offset a bit of damage and make sure your team don't get raped in the opening seconds of the game. Also once you gain control of a hill, drop the heal pool in the middle of it when the enemies push to recapture, this can help people survive a little longer. When your team is pushing the car forwards drop a heal pool ontop of the car, that gives you a moving heal station while its active
The game looks good. Call of Duty is absolutely crippled by nostalgia to the point where no cod will ever live up to the first one you fully hit the grind on with your mates. The game has changed and improved and experimented every year, some things have hit some have missed but nearly every COD has been good fun and im sure this one will be too. I'll definitely be playing it like i do every year and also alongside overwatch and CSGO.
inb4 he falls off the map
When I switched from the Xbox One to the PS4 I really missed my astro mixamp M80, it was awesome! really wish they'd made it for the ps4 as well
but if you got gold after every match, a lot of people would have unlocked everything the game has on offer, there are already people that are level 100
so nerf the easiest champions to kill
make sure that your TV is not set to overscan, if overscan is on thats probably whats causing the issue
it will probably be in one of the picture menu's just keep looking. overscan over compensates with image size and it usually ends up too big for the screen, had that problem with my google chromecast
you can select to show the killfeed in the options menu, for some reason its not on as standard
Cal of Duty is absolutely crippled by the nostalgia factor. People always fondly remember the first cod game they grinded on with their mates and no matter how broken it was nothing can ever live up to it. Like go back and have a go on MW2 now, I wasn't mega keen on it when it was new but playing it now its absolutely awful.
I didn't think it was possible until I saw that the multiplayer reveal for Infinite Warfare won't be until September, this game desperately needs a beta to convince people that things will be ok and it looks like that may not happen
Of course you should wait, we've no idea what it'll actually be like yet we've just had speculations, and even if you still just want the normal PS4 waiting for a lil while after E3 would be smart as we'll probably get a price drop depending on the neo release date
Also if you're on the xbox vs ps4 dilemma, its even more important to wait, the Xbox One, as much as I love it and it was the first of the current gen machines that I bought, just simply isn't as good as the PS4, with or without exclusives
Nothing says classic boots on the ground action like flying blimps and planes, fucking infinite warfare
Kind of annoying that Blizzard doesn't sync stats between versions, I'd happily go and buy the PC version if my PS4 stats transferred over
Actually yeah I forgot about the Ult, that should at least be nerfed so that only she has it, and once you've killed a person when they respawn they don't glow red
then they all go on a company retreat *con air themetune starts*
Exactly why I got it on PS4, the second I saw how the game plays I knew the pc community would be toxic as fuck
Activision threatened to behead Vondy because people where having fun earning cryptokeys rather than buying them so now they're taking them away.
One is for gaming, one is for typing out moany arguments about how the PC is better :P
Would 100% ditch it if It had ads
No but they get all the DLC and stuff a month earlier than ps4
See I put lift, but then I thought americans might read it so I put elevator to avoid confusion haha.
It really gets me down to see how bad this game is being handled by the devs and Activision, like even if people aren't into the jetpack thing AW and BO3 were good games in their own right and IW is just a big step backwards. I really hope Infinity Ward get dropped from the rotation now. Treyarch listen to the community and try to push the series forwards with good maps, league play, cod caster, theatre mode, LAN lobbies etc. We haven't seen enough of Sledgehammer yet with them only having AW out but I feel like they're good developers. They were the first out of the gate with the jetpack thing, uplink is a great gamemode and they fully committed to the jetpack idea with their map design and it was good fun.
Damn that bodys so good its making me emotional
For me, Ingress is good because I get to explore parts of the city that i'd never go to while i'm doing missions, I love the missions and because they're planned out by real people they're generally fun and make a good day out. Playing the 'normal' way just taking portals and making patterns is hella boring simply because the gear takes a ridiculous amount of time to farm, and you can never store enough to do a proper job unless you have multiple accounts to store stuff.
I feel like they told scump he was captain just to make him stfu. Crimsix is obviously the smarter player and is a lot more mature. Every year we get a new COD and every year pros just rag on it, especially optic. Like hitch the irrelevant bitch just shits on every cod that isnt mw2 constantly. What these kids need to realise is that a lot of their viewers are young teens who will parrot whatever they say in videos. And if they constantly shit talk the games then the devs will just stop listening to them. Seems like theres a reason that opTic didnt get invited to talk to the devs when clayster etc did. Dont get me wrong IW is awful. But Activision are all about money. And as it stands youtubers and pros are chipping away at their profits by trying to drive people away from the game.
I've been watching OG since the old sniper days and as an org ive always followed and supported them and i really respect Hector for how he handles things. But, the way the COD team now presents themselves is embarressing. Im a lot older than Scump so when I see the way he acts it just looks like some spoilt little kid with nothing useful to say. Hitch is also an Optic employee, he represents the company. And if he just constantly shit talks all the CoD games it doesn't look good at all. COD is a game thats carried by normal players, not Competetive. So Activision don't really need to support it as an esport but they do. If pros, with millions of followers just downtalk and damage their brand then there will be a point where activision just say bollocks and stop doing the comps. They currently run them like an advertisement for the game rather than an esport. If that avenue starts losing them money they will find a new one and ditch competetive. Look at the CSGO team. Theyre a great example of how to be an esports team. They work together, seem to keep a professional front, put in the practice and start to get results.
if you're using an elgato hd60 you have to buy one of their chat splitter things as a wrokaround because the PS4 can't give sound from both natively
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJAzQCGMZL0&amp;t=20s
Being on job seekers and going to the job centre is one of the most depressing and dehumanising things i've ever gone through. Can't imagine how bad it must be if on top of that you have health problems and no one believes you're ill :(
can't get into anything on moogle, even had a full party finder party and we were stuck
having a coach just gives them someone else to blame when they perform bad. It won't help their trash egos at all.
I burn loads of calories playing ranked overwatch haha. The stress is great for my figure
scump is a millionaire whos entire career is gaming gaming, if bad internet is his only issue it could have been sorted instantly. From past visions and interviews it seems like he's just a super immature team member, I honestly think they made him captain just to shut him up.
Dont worry, mercy players just follow the phara or other healer and ignore everyone else anyway.
Wouldn't suprise me if Hitch and Create get dropped, their stuff is good but its definitely not professional standard. Now they're more corporate they will bring in grown ups to do the work. Plus the COD guys basiccally refuse to be in any content so everything they make is forced af
Also wouldn't surprise me if Hitch fully bitched out and left because he didn't get a lead role and now has to answer to a boss.
Yup, 10000% true. Switch and PC for me now and my PS4 is gathering dust.
Exactly, trust me i've worked in professional video production for years now and if you put him on an actual set he would have less knowledge than a runner, seems like he's got zero technical knowledge he just knows how to pump out late, fairly average quality Youtube videos.
He's decided to live his life as 2017 Maniac
When I played DPS I always got matched with good tank and healer mains, now that I tank/heal I get matched with pure bottom of the barrel cancer.
The level of toxic dps in gold tier is actually worse than low silver/bronze its insane
Same, Sitting through that stupid news thing every time I turn the game on is just painful
They've got to be visible or people who come here illegally will think that immigration enforcement is just an empty threat.
been there loads of times, ratio of men to women is 20 men to every 1 woman lol but its a spa not a swingers club, your chances of pulling there are slim unless you go as a couple. its clean and well run and if you're going to just to be naked and chill you'll have a good time, avoid friday/saturday night cause thats when all the drunk people go and don't stalk the ladies round
looks really cool, kind of worried that all the extra animation will mean more lag though
eU proved that Rise could choke to burgers, they aren't unbeatable, if OpTic continue on their hot streak they shouldn't have a problem beating them
