That's an interesting angle to think of it from. There are two types of virtualization possible today, seperated into two types, based on how they work: * Type 1 Hypervisor - software virtualization, runs as a program from within another OS. Has very significant performance impacts and generally less customization. * Type 2 Hypervisor - a super slimmed down OS made just for virtualization is either laid down on the hardware from the date the system is stood up, or shimmed in between the previous OS and bare metal later. Hyper-V is a type 2 hypervisor. It's the free and awesome virtualizaion platform made by Microsoft, and built in (but not enabled by default) on Windows 8 and up). What you can do from Windows 8 and up is use your PC, get it configured the way you want to as your daily driver machine. When you're ready, Add the Windows Feature for HyperV. Now, some low level things happen. Hyper-V is turned on, and transparently becomes the actual Operating System running on your hardware (the 'bare metal' hypervisor, it is called). Your host OS, the OS you were running pre-Virtualization, becomes a special type of deified VM called the host partition, which is basically a VM which is able to see the physical devices on your computer. The cool thing about it is that you still log on to your host OS when you use the system, you just access child VMs using the Hyper-V application. Super cool, it's how myself and my colleagues do use-case testing for our clients all day, every day. Any future VMs created on the system are sometimes referred to a child partitions, and they can only see a subset of virtual references to these hardware devices. There do exist technologies to map a GPU thru the bare-metal to a child VM, for instance. Another common use case is to map certain harddrives or arrays of drives through to child VMs, commonly called pass-thru disks. You'll find that people readily attempt to hack out of the VM sandbox to touch the host OS, but Virtualization by its very nature with Type 2 HyperVisors almost inhibit it from the get go. Type 1 Hypervisors are much, much more susceptible to the sorts of attacks you suggest. So, I kind of rambled a bit, but you seemed to be interested in this sort of thing, so I hope you liked the read :)
&gt; If I use a more consumer friendly OS like any of the various Linuxes LOL. So, just to be clear, out of the box, all hypervisors will do a pretty good job of sandboxing VMs away from the host. The software hypervisors just do a worse job of it, because there already is an OS running on bare metal, and it's not them! Sometimes you need to pass-through physical devices to a VM, I was just giving you some use cases here. When you use those technologies though, your VMs become inherently less portable, because they become dependent on a given hardware configuration.
Microsoft currently sells through third party companies like Dell, and Hp a 'Get Genuine Kit', which is basically a 'sign here, don't do it again and give us $20' deal to go from illegitimate to legitimate Windows. I expect they'll use this mechanism again. Edit: just so you all know, we do NOT know how much the Get Genuine Kits will cost for Windows 10, should Microsoft go that route. It has been heavily suggested that it will happen, but nothing set in stone, yet.
Somehow this serves to make your TV look super small. I like it though!
What's the experience like, going VPN on a mobile? Do you have a big drop as the VPN reconnects when your phone changes towers? Are there any serious quality of life impacts I'll incur, moving to always VPN?
It is very, very common practice to block outbound VPN tunnels from within a corporate network. Before you think you could scale corporate notice, you should understand two things: * your VPN may never work while connected to the corporate LAN * your using a VPN would be a huge red flag and likely could start a series of events that would end in your termination It's super sketchy to VPN out from a corporate network, and if it even does work, many corporate services like email, chat and fileshare access could be impacted (broken) if your VPN establishes.
It's true, my wife and I have reconsidered travel because of the absurdity of our security theatre here in the states.
Remind me! One day.
Does she still have the eyeball?
All these do is make certain worms (which live in your lower gi tract) not want to live there any more. If a parasite doesn't live in your gut, if wouldn't work.
What is a modal? Is it like an interstitial?
Seconded! Pretty sure the game feature allows the phone to clock higher for longer. I turned it on today and noticed a ton of beat that I didn't feel yesterday.
I went to an Aikido exhibition when I was about 25 or so. A young lady, maybe fourteen or so asked if I wanted to try to throw her. I obliged, noting the soft and springy mats on the floor as I stepped towards her. I'm still not quite sure what she did to my arm, but when she had my wrist and twisted, it hurt so badly when I tried to resist her that I pretty much had to go with the motion. This involved me inadvertantly spinning in some crazy flipping motion, just like the guys you see here in this video. As it turns out, we're pretty much hard wired to avoid pain and will do almost anything to prevent permanent damage to our person, even if that means spiraling or twisting into bizarre shapes and patterns. I think that if I'd been willing to let her hurt my arm, sure, I probably could have punched her a few times or stomped her foot or something. For the avergae person, not accustomed to alarming amounts of pain in critical joints of your body? There's really no contest, they'll go flipping and whirrling around to get the 'Oh crap this is about to break' sensation to stop. My friends thought it was hysterical that a little girl could throw me all over the place, and really loved that I scurried away from her on my butt. I'm no dummy though, one time was enough.
Dude, them icons in your tray are out of control.
Totally agree, I don't really like most of the popular videos or posts here anymore, and YouTube does a much better job finding me bizarre videos that I can listen to while working. Frankly, this place is becoming a hive for talking about the content creators, not the content itself.
Just don't do what this guy did. I had two beers on my wedding, and still kind of regret that my cheeks are a bit rosey in some of the pics. I couldn't imagine doing this to my wife, frankly.
1. This one is super weird, even by EphermeralRift standards.
Hey guys, I didn't forget about you. I've finally finished my one-click Domain Controller build here on the ol' blog. If you haven't seen the series, that's fine, this is a great starting point for anyone interested in DSC, or who just wants to get a domain controller up and running in the minimal amount of time and worry!
Dint worry, you're not shadow banned. Here I just gave you a down vote.
... Do you see what's happening recently? I don't think they care much about the users anymore.
The tricky part as I see it is that you can only do partial configs when you have a pull server. That's not hard to set up, but its an extra layer of complexity. And then layering the configs is...bleh. It's like managing group policy inheritance with no Group Policy Management console. I feel like I'm working with the raw API and just hoping someone comes along to write to GUI for me to make this all easier. Build it, man!
Thanks! I feel like this is stuff I should be able to understand, and will need to understand, so I challenge myself to learn it enough to teach it to others. I actually learn a lot by presenting info to others, so it's a win-win, I think!
Now you can't say that anymore :p Just change the last line to reflect the name you want for your domain, and away you go! Remember to be careful though if you're on a production environmen.t You don't want your VM testlab DHCP trying to give out IP addresses to prod machines! For this reason, I recommend making your testlab on a private/internal network. If you want your testlab to touch the Web, add an external/bridged connection after you run the config, just to be safe.
Thanks!
Wow that's really cool? I take it you're an avatar fan too? E: just realized which sub I'm in
This is a super slick site. You dun good, OP.
Yeah, how do you display a gif until content has finished loading? Please blog this and link me when you do!
I went, and it was awesome! Everyone who does powershell is there and being all together in one spot, you can easily find a lot to talk about with anyone you happen to meet. Some of my friends from here, like Warren (/u/ramblingcookiemonster) were there as well. We had a great time seeing each other, as were a number of people you'd know from Twitter and PowerShell.org. So, from the people perspective, the crowd is wonderful. The presentations and sessions were absolutely top notch as well, tons of great material was covers from the 200 to the 400 level. We got a sneak preview of server Nano (a week before Ignite and build) and were shown some secret stuff way to the public at large. If you like PowerShell enough to post here, the summit should be your choice. After hearing what I heard about Ignite, I'd say it's the best Microsoft related conference (possibly tied with MMS, but only if you do enterprise client management). Honestly, Warren already gave a better answer than I, but the Powershell summit was fantastic, and I plan to go again next year, for sure!
Hi Tommy! Are you on Twitter? If so, I should totally be following you! E: nevermind, find and followed you! I remember meeting you at the summit! You did a great job on your write up, by the way.
Did you go this year?
If I wear a t-shirt, I ask myself if I'm letting myself go!
Is the oculus store available for other phones? I've got the LG g4, which could keep up!
Whoa, we're getting street fighter chars in smash bro? Turns out that was all it took for me to buy it! I'm kind of out the loop, is this a new title or likely to be dlc?
This monster and mother brains ultimate form gave me existential dread as a child. I couldn't escape the memory of them, their music, and just the sense of otherworldly horror. Especially the damaged animations for the nightmare fuel enemy.
Thanks for the reply. I was kind of afraid of that, I didn't know the gear headset provided more than just a more comfortable Cardboard experience.
I'd love some more info on what the new system will be like, Im hoping for a super charged portable system that easily docks with my tv when I'm home.
...uh...uh...awwwww :(
I forget now, do we not have a Coldhands character in the TV show?
Hey, one of you guys who are so good at theorycrafting. What does this really mean, if they're mentioning Benjen? I mean, Bran already made his way to old dead tree dude, so it's not like Coldhand's help is needed for that front.
The picture might coincide with new advertising materials for the show, which would make sense if he's using the phrase "doing a campaign" Think of it this way, Last year, game of thrones was popularized in advertising with their campaign showing the main characters [with half of their face blue](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/0ytOBwiYIus/maxresdefault.jpg), to represent that anyone could die at any moment in the show. That's a campaign. It wouldn't have been unexpected for folks at HBO to contact the people who run various communities dedicated to the show and offer them super-high resolution graphics tailored to their site, to get everyone on board the same campaign. It helps unify the show in people's minds.
Do you work in the outdoors and need a super accurate rifle? Just curious as to what kind of job would necessitate a rifle like this.
Scary to see how many houses are left with the temporary jack posts in place.
I know some folks who say they're perfectly safe to be left as permanent supports, but I'd rather have a permanent post in place, myself.
Oh really? That's cool, I didn't know that!
OK, i don't remember the books, I guess. What's gonna happen with Balon and a bridge?
You think the trial is actually going to happen? No way! She's back in the castle, she'll use MountainStein and all of the dragon fire left in the city to wipe the faith militant off the face of the earth.
Seriously, the Unsllied have been getting torn up by rich suburban kids wearing Halloween masks. It's not been a great showing, recently!
Why did Dany have to poo in the book? I really don't rememer this.
An AI intelligence explosion. This is the sort of thing that has Bill Gates and Elon Musk afraid.
Thanks for saying all of that! When I met you at the time, I don't know how I failed to put the two together. You're pretty much the only Tommy I know who does PowerShell too!
