Yeah I really think he's going to take Sam's advice and run with it in the completely wrong direction...
THAT'S where I know her from! Thank you!
I think it's important to ask these questions and think critically about choices like this. But in this particular case, I end up being OK with it. Piggybacking off what /u/dtorr said, the casting of Daddario as the daughter of the Rock (mixed race) and Carla Gugino (white) seems plausible to me. Would it be *nice* if they had cast someone with more of a mixed race look? Sure. But personally I don't think San Andreas is guilty of the same kind or level of offense as Aloha, not by a LONG shot. (And I'm not just talking about Emma Stone here.)
&gt; what if Emma Stone best fits the role the director was aiming for? What if All the Hapas auditioning just didn't quite capture the right mood for the movie? The odds of that are extremely low. The idea that not a single mixed Asian actress could have done as good of a job as Emma Stone -- in portraying a mixed Asian character, no less -- is fairly preposterous. And I say this as a big Emma Stone fan. But even if it WERE true, how about all the other characters? How is it possible that a movie set in Hawaii can star an entirely white cast? I think that's why this grates so much. If Emma Stone were just one -- or even one of a couple -- white characters amidst an otherwise racially representative film, I don't think you'd hear as much criticism. And frankly, if they had at least dyed her hair, I personally might be less annoyed. But they made ZERO effort to be conscious or considerate of the racial/cultural field they were playing in. That, to me, cannot be overlooked.
Hm, okay, it's possible I'm being unfairly influenced by the fact that (1) Daddario looks so much like she could be Gugino's kid, and (2) the Rock is relatively light-skinned and ambiguously ethnic. I'll give it some more thought. Regardless of that, I maintain that even if casting Daddario for a mixed race role is as bad as casting Stone for one, *Aloha*'s cultural/racial problems are much larger than *San Andreas*'s. See my comment on this thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/mixedrace/comments/380puc/im_not_buying_emma_stone_as_an_asian_american_in/crru92m So I think the larger context is at play for me too, whether that's fair or not.
LOL at the red vs. green routes on that map. Can you link me to the discussion on this point?
Yep. I thought everything Tyrion said when he was processing (out loud) what his advice to Dany should be in regards to Jorah was brilliant. I'm just surprised he didn't point out that Jorah was, in essence, right. Jorah didn't trust Dany to forgive him -- and she *didn't*.
Oh yeah, I'm not excusing Jorah's deception. I'm just saying that Dany proved his mis-trust to be founded.
Yep. I think he's going to attack Tormund, with the intent to kill. :/
Maybe I'm cold-hearted, but I kept turning to my husband and saying, "I don't feel bad for her at all." :)
Thanks for sharing! I love all of these ladies, except Schumer who I don't know but keep hearing about.
Right?! Pretty much "overnight." (Except I know that overnight success is always anything but.) Anyway, just finished reading the roundtable and I really enjoyed it!
AH I love this idea! I dunno if I'll re-watch all of them (esp with SYTYCD having moved to Monday nights) but I'll definitely pop into the discussion threads. I actually didn't watch JtV until after Gina won the Golden Globe, so I didn't see the pilot until quite some time after it had aired. I liked it enough to watch episode 2, but to be honest, I wasn't 100% hooked on the show until episode 3. I was also more interested in Rafael (for Jane, not myself) when I first watched than I am now. :P
Not even for her and Owen?
I think this answer is most in line with my predictions. Not sure about the April/Jackson storyline, though I love them together so I'd prefer for them to work things out. I think Amelia and Owen should get together too. And I absolutely think Shonda will try to break ER's record, as she has said all along. I mean, if she didn't decide to end the show when Patrick Dempsey wanted out, then what would be the point in stopping now? I'm pretty sure Ellen Pompeo has indicated that she's on board for as long as it runs, because it's good, stable work and has provided for her and her family.
It's a spoiler for anyone who isn't caught up with the end of this season.
Ah, good point. You're right, it doesn't suit him, and if I think about it some more, Amelia probably wouldn't want to live in her dead brother's custom-built dream house. (I wouldn't!) But I would love for their place to go to someone meaningful...
Fallingwater
Just thought this was interesting! Her yard in particular is beautiful. You also get to see her adorable daughter a few times. Here's Patrick Dempsey's too, which I might actually like better lol, because I'm all about openness, light, and Frank Gehry: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0rM-eyNiDU And of course they both have copies of Gray's Anatomy (the real book) in their homes! *Edit to add: OK after watching the whole video, I basically want to live in Dempsey's home/family! Makes me even sadder that they're splitting up...*
&gt; lazy/overweight clone Lol this is a great question, with some great comments already, but now I'm just trying to picture Tatiana in a fat suit.
This this this this this.
Haha, I wondered the same thing, but I highly doubt it! Airstream trailers are just kind of popular.
I'm not exactly sad that Rudy is sick...
Good point! Also, I'm indifferent to spoilers, but a lot of people care, and might not be happy about the title of this post being so blatant... Just a note for future posts, I guess, to maybe use a spoiler tag.
No judgment, just complete understanding and acceptance of what's important to him. #truefriendship
[s5e09](#s "Wish Davos had taken Shireen there...")
Lol whoops, didn't notice, decided to err on the side of caution rather than the side of possibly getting my head bitten off! Thanks for the tip.
Good points! &gt; And the commoners? There isn't much they can do. Previously I'd been thinking along the same lines as the OP -- that this all started bc Jaime pushed Bran out the window to protect his secret with Cersei, and now that secret isn't a secret at all, so what was the point? But really, we're in a bubble. The perspectives that we are privy to are typically the players in the game of thrones, not the regular folks. Most of the commoners probably don't know about Jaime and Cersei, or don't believe it. (Or don't care, hahaha.) So that would easily explain a lack of rioting on their part.
All the violence on this show, and your comment still makes me wince and shudder.
I once liberated a raccoon from a pasta sauce jar. He was so dazed when he first got out, but then he scampered off OK.
Love your theory. But personally I think Grey's has hit the resisting-retirement stage of life lol...
Hee, these early episodes were so great! Sorry I missed the re-run last night (watching the US women's World Cup match!) but was this the one where she and Rafael fell into the pool? Lol I loved that. In general, I liked Rafael a lot in these early episodes, because he was really going out of his way to protect Jane and let her make decisions that were best for her and the baby. (Granted, this eventually led to him *over*-protecting her, even to the point of lying at times... But like I said, that comes later.) Meanwhile, my sweet beloved Michael began acting shady (which IMO is not true to his nature, but he was panicked) by allying with Petra and keeping secrets from Jane. :/ I'm glad he eventually came back to himself.
Oh, I looooved what the milkshake anecdote revealed about Xiomara, and how she was willing to do anything (even humiliate herself and look like a self-centered bad guy) to protect Jane from pain. &lt;3
10/10 would buy them all! I also really appreciate reading the thought process behind each design.
I like the idea, esp to practice my Spanish... but I also don't want to be spoiled for what's coming!
Two down, one to go.
Body double.
Almost.
It was a good ruse. I totally thought he was gonna show up zombie-style.
GOOD POINT. WHERE WAS GHOST?!
Did anyone else cheer when Myranda went splat?
"I never heard *that* story..."
Lol as I recall, Alba wasn't exactly the toughest cookie when it came time to lay down the law with Rogelio...
Interesting theory! In 3x09, Cosima was looking through Shay's file, and the camera lingered for a moment on the line about her siblings (which I am of course now blanking on, but maybe someone can find it?)... o_O I'm sure no one would mind extra Ksenias running around.
He was a great friend and mentor to me, and to so many young writers at Carnegie Mellon. I'm very saddened by this loss.
&gt; So I make sure they get diabetes before they head back to Taiwan. LOL yeah seriously. Sour gummy worms, good to know! At my aunt's suggestion, we brought them dark chocolate and Werther's Originals this time. I guess it's just cheaper/better from the US...?
I loved the bathroom scenes! It really got to the heart of how bonded the group was. And their lack of appropriate boundaries, lol.
Agreed. This will surely be an even more unpopular thing to say, but I've been wondering if there's a way to donate to the shooter's family in addition to Sonny Kim's. They're going to be dealing with similar expenses, but without the outpouring of sympathy and goodwill from the Cincinnati community.
THIS EPISODE IS PROBABLY MY FAVORITE. THAT MOMENT BETWEEN MICHAEL AND JANE AT THE BRIDAL SHOP = &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
From an "important gay couple" storytelling standpoint, Cyrus and James are a solid example. They were one of the things I loved most about Scandal early on. (Before the show went downhill...) From a "healthy stable long lasting gay male relationship" standpoint, I think we might need to look elsewhere. Without going into major spoilers, let's just say that Cyrus and James had major, terrible issues. Honestly, I think /u/Firecrotch2014 has a point: This is one area of diversity where Shonda has not excelled. I'm sad to say that I hadn't noticed, but I'm glad it was brought to my awareness. After all, becoming aware of problems is the first step toward creating change. Anyway, it's kind of strange -- and clearly frustrating to some viewers -- though I'm sure there's no malice behind it.
