And 9 years after the battle of the Beanfeild, Thatcher introduced the 1994 Criminal Justice bill, completing the demonisation of hippies, ravers, youth culture and those that just dare to be different.
Don't you tell me what I can do or not do. I'm going to give you an up vote because I have no idea what the solution to your problem is.
Ha - I'm going to up vote this as well now even though its a reply to a post that has been deleted. All hail chaos!!
Cost of living up, income down to 2000 levels, increase in VAT, Wife lost her job due to government funding cuts - small adjustment in income tax threshold.
I'd go all out for the [dick move](http://www.gear4music.com/PA-DJ-and-Lighting/800W-PA-Bundle-with-Power-Amp-Speakers-and-Cables/ODF) personally. Crank it up for a week then politely ask to discuss noise reduction. Edit: I don't give good advice!
So, a family with 2 kids is going to get £440. Does anyone know of anywhere in the UK you can rent a 3 bedroom house for £440 p/m? As an aside, if you have a few quid, now is the time to convert your property to a B&amp;B and charge £60 per room per night to the council as emergency housing. Your going to get a very good return for your investment...
&gt;“Hundreds of schools, often in disadvantaged areas, are already being turned around thanks to the help of strong academy sponsors" Really,I thought only the first schools to go through the process of acadmaisation were only just starting to go through OFSTEAD inspections. I remember reading that about 63% of schools that had been acadamised were now doing worse that they were before they were privatised. That said, there is an issue with new academies being counted as new schools and a few changes to OFSTEAD so quantifying any loss or gain before and after is, I believe almost impossible anyway, so however you look at this, Morgan is speaking out of her arse again. On a personal note - my kids school was acadamised and it's gone down hill fast. Unfortunately there appears to be no way to sack the academy in charge or swap them for a different, more able provider.
It saves the government money, negates their responsibility to provide education (if it fails) and you can make a shit load of money if you supply the academy trusts.
&gt; If they don't like a trust, they can leave it and join a different one. How does this work in practice? There certainly isn't a complaints procedure in place out side of the trust itself. My kids school is run by an Academe Trust and we (parents, governors and staff) seem unable to find *any* way to change them for a different, more able provider.
Good or bad, a job is a job, but it does look like the NE is the only place in the country where unemployed family's will be able to live.
high-quality jobs.... that are deeply involved with the international arms trade.
Thanks for the reply. The contract / agreement is very wooly and was signed I believe by the LEA.
Oh! Yeah... Ummm my bad!
Hmmm... Still think I might retire to a beach in Mozambique though.
I would agree with you but unfortunately circumstance sometimes dictates that an ideal situation is not possible.
Thanks for the reply
HaHa... I can tell you don't have kids. Threat my arse. Produce a "Fun / Treat sized" anything and you get to see a whole range of emotions from quivering lipped disappointment through to violent rage. On the other hand, get a normal mars bar and just it up into six equally sized (but smaller bits) and they are more than happy.
Not at all. Its weird though because I can cut up a mars bar into 6 equal bits and they love it, even though its about 10% smaller than an individual fun sized one. Its like they realise the whole fun sized thing is a con and would prefer to share the standard sized one. Mind you, it might just be the older ones trolling me and getting the little girls to back them with violent protest. Pro tip - Never train females to be strong willed and confident individuals.
Personally I stopped smoking when I couldn't get hold of resins easily.
Don't be stupid - With GCHQ watching us and plans to remove the human rights act, the government is working damn hard to make sure there will never be a revolution. All you are going to get is a deliberately ill educated working class watched over by a ruling elite. Anyone with half a brain and a chance of escaping will have left to live somewhere else.
Neither is cutting benefits for the disabled, monitoring the entire population or scrapping human rights. Admittedly the housing crisis and explosion in zero hours contracts is subjective though as a lot of people are making a lot of money out of exploiting both. As I said, it boils down though to what you call a "functional country".
Fair enough. If someone told me it was spicy chicken, I would probably eat it regardless of how much or little I had had to drink. Fucking sea snails though - that's just minging.
Apple crumble is a good idea. I'm meant to be showing them what great food we have here and you want me to serve them gurle like some 13c peasant? I'm from Cornwall and not Scotland. I don't have to make them eat stuff like that!
As a family man myself, I would go for both options.
:(
&gt; What's wrong with chillies Nothing in my book although I do have form for making kids cry with my food. Alot!
And if you go to any farmers market (livestock not yuppie) you can get a whole chicken for £1.00. OK its a bit fresh but if you can't prepare it you shouldn't eat it.
&gt; afternoon tea Yeah good one - afternoon tea! Clotted cream and scones. I can't believe I forgot this! I'm trying to do as many "traditional" English dishes as possible so I'm staying away our normal fair which is mainly Mediteranian / Middle Eastern / Asian for the most part. Saying that though I might do a Pad Tai and Chicken Satay for some of the breakfasts as I'm running out of ideas that stretch beyond cereal / gruel.
&gt;fresh fruits, salads and home cooked meals with plenty of colourful veg As per normal then (we are smug "cooked from scratch" fuckers down here in Cornwall) :) Anyway, as the resident pro foodie - can you recommend any traditional regionally appropriate dishes? (I have to say that otherwise haggis will end up being mentioned)
Really? Can I ask why it doesn't sit with you? Do you not make a mental connection between a roast chicken and a living bird or do you just see it as something from Tesco you can bung in the oven? If it was a bad childhood experience, how do you distance your self from that and your Sunday roast? I'm not being arsey here but do I find this interesting. To me it seems very natural and normal (Upbringing I guess) and even my kids primary school annually raise a few pigs as a project and get them turned into sausages to flog at the school fate. Mind you, its a very rural school and there are a lot of farmers kids there.
Took the brood for a walk on Dartmoor. Had egg sandwiches and pork pies whilst the kids played in a river, then returned home and made some pizza dough whilst Mrs Dwair spent 30 minuets persuading the toddler to leave the safety of the car and come into the house. Cider planned for later.
Fair enough I suppose - I wouldn't want to kill anything that I had an emotional attachment to. The thing is, you don't form an attachment to live stock. They are like co-workers or something. Pets yes a attachment is made (and I wept for days when one of my 4 dogs had to be put down) but live stock I just don't have an issue with outside their welfare. As you say, its your upbringing and what you are used to. I guess my upbringing (ex pat kid in about 6 African countries) and then 20 odd years doing the same as an adult means fresh meat prep is very normal for me, but here in the UK we are completely insulated from the process. Half the stuff sold in supermarkets doesn't even look like meat let alone a bit of a cow, and you never see people slaughtering animals in everyday life. In Africa, its on every rural street corner. Get chickens if you can - they are great. Go to a live stock market and buy a bunch for a few quid and let them go free range. If you want to eat one fine - you have given them a bit od a good life. If not, its still fine and they will have a great time.
The thing is, as one of the most deprived and under developed parts of Europe, Cornwall gets a massive amount of funding from the EU - because the county doesn't get it from Westminster (hence being hugely deprived in the first place) Now some would argue that if Westminster didn't have give the money to the EU, Cornwall would receive more from central government. This is a great idea - only no one at Westmister has said they will match the EU funding, or even give any development funds at all to the county. As far as the Cornish can see, that cash, as it has been in the past, will be diverted to the SE.
No - I didnt miss the /s but I wanted hammer home the idea that parts of the UK ~~rely~~ on the EU to survive to those who didn't realise it and thought that payments to the EU were one sided. I grew up in Cornwall, lived for 20 years in Gwynedd and then moved back down south to Cornwall so I understand how hard it would be on an area if funding was removed.
&gt;Their judicial review challenges were the first to be brought against the coalition government's decision in 2014 to narrow eligibility for an award Not sure who else to throw the blame at as the Torys held dominant position by way of the vast majority of seats.
We, in the Dwair household, have started to use a numbering system as it means they are easier to keep track of. Saying that though, we use a lot of nick names too. At the moment the Toddler is being called "Arse Baby" and all the other kids have taken great delight in printing out loads of labels with this on it and sticking them on all her stuff. (She is called "Arse Baby" as she is firmly embedded in the terrible twos and quite frankly is being an arse most of the time)
Clever people with charts telling us how fucked and hopless we are.
&gt; Loss of a limb wouldn't stop me working. No, but a heart attack and mild stroke would if you work in IT. I has me, and I am no where near disabled nor count myself as such. Really, check your insurance as none of mine pay out as I wasn't "ill" enough not to work after 5 weeks but certainly ill enough that I had to fold 2 very profitable businesses after growing them for 25 years. Also don't count being fit and healthy living as insurance either - I actually tried to run off my heart attack as I thought 10k over the moors would "loosen" me up a bit and the fresh air would do me good. 4 years seeing what its like on the other side of the fence has shown me what can go wrong despite planning well and being self made, so wind your arrogance in a bit please. Edit - Oh yeah, I forgot. I also support 2 children and 4 step children as well - which used to be OK on £80k net a year
It might be safe and friendly but why does he keep his eggs in the fridge? I reckon that's a bit suspicious if you ask me.
So the UK is still the "Sick man of Europe" and we had to endure Thatcher for nothing? Great. That's really, really, great.
Undercover police pin down and shoot a brown person with rucksack in the head multiple times seemingly at random and in cold blood after following him onto the tube. The CPS decide that this is acceptable behavior. Much consternation and gnashing of teeth follows as the UK reveals its shoot to kill policy involving brown people and rucksacks.
Galloway is a dick but he is right. London *is* run by &amp; for the elite.
Disclosure legislation surrounding breaches is a fair point, however I feel that it is up to the individual company involved to make sure they metaphorically lock the door when they go out. That said, as Blue Coat point out - its still not going to stop employees telling people where the keys are kept.
Lots and lots of desperate people without jobs make for a good captive market.
Na - we just ditched Sky as there was very little stuff on that anybody watched. Thanks for the offer though
Fair enough - this really should be TheRedLion ^TM with fully accredited creators. Mind you, what with yourself and Moonies heavy handed and dictatorial presence in the wings and the continuous manipulation of content for your own nefarious ends, I can see how the grass may be greener.
Wasn't this discussed last year and it was decided the thing you needed most in your life was a large two handed broad sword?
This weekend I had man flu or TB. Not sure which but my chest actually hurts from all the coughing. Not my lungs, but the muscles round my ribs. And I have a throat like I have been swallowing glass.
Na - I'm with your brother in law on this. Compared to other trousers they are massively uncomfortable My other comment... &gt; They are cold in winter and chafe like mad when its wet. In the summer they are really sweaty and unless you get a really baggy and weird looking pair, you can't move your legs in them. Also the pockets are rubbish so you end up carrying a bag with you as you mince up the street like a bad parody of a 1970's Thai lady boy.
Gosh - Snowden is being smeared by officials and departments that he blew the whistle on! I didn't see that one coming. So basically the powers that be are trying make out that he's the bad guy and that it was wrong to disclose the nefarious and illegal actions of our government. In my mind that makes the nameless sanctimonious twats who prowl silently down the carpeted corridors of Whitehall, just that little bit more vile and despicable than they were before.
