every famous pro is in China right now for MarsTV Dota League. wonder if A is there too , I need some BullDong Stream
*Silver Edge FYP
can you explain where I can download it on that page? Seems like im blind , I dont see any download button or smth
I've installed all the updates and Upgrades , running a windows 7 Version with SP1 ! But it seems like I still didn't get an upgrade possibility on my desktop pc meanwhile on my laptop there is already one! What am I doing wrong ?
How Can I download this : KB3035583 manually ? It seems like on the page from microsoft there isnt a download button or am I just blind ? https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/3035583/de ?
Same here :( and you cant download it manually I think
is this Shia LaBoef?
Id swap my desohands everytime with the golden SF arms
wow thanks , Ill remember that for the 1 game in 2000 where I EVENTUALLY could need this
Maybe this could be relevant too : http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/167u40/colorblind_friendly_minimap/
is it really that in english or are u trolling ?
Tinker
Why is the Tinker immortal not fixed yet ? -.-
agreed! I mean there is a reason for Valve to implement the "Official Data" thing on your profile! and no it isn't meant for trolling people , its because of People like Envy who uses another random anime character at every tournament ( idolising anime characters and switching from month month , I kind a feel sad about that )
its kind a different if you get full of makeup by makeup artists on ESL One Frankfurt or if you are supposed to play a tournament! when casting he HAS to kind a look "okay -&gt;good" when playing he has to feel good
omg yes please
I find that hard to believe ! its a confirmed leak of memory maybe you are just used to superbad lag ? :D
yes as u/a_hundred_boners said its a confirmed memory leak and I REALLY wanna use both immortals :(
Fear is incredible bro! he hasnt got a REALLY signature hero thats not because he isnt especially good with one , thats only because he is SO super solid with every hero he gets drafted to
I dont get these people! they have serious issues! How do you think RTZ got noticed and now is like one of THE best carrys/mid in the world?? I tell you what , he didnt become that by trolling random heroes in inhouses. He did it by giving his VERY BEST every single time and now he is one of the most respected players out there! ( and yes he started in NA inhouses) I myself am a 6.2 k player and im trying my hardest to get in the FPL , do you think I would even CONSIDER trolling when playing with the likes of Bulldog/fuckingmad/dendi/s4 and so on??? I think there is a reason why the NA FPL and NEL are completely SHIT compared to the EU! Im not saying we on EU are mistakeless but in inhouses everyone gives his best. Don't get me wrong , everyone should take care of themselves and decide what they wanna do but when you go out of your "zone" and changes the game of another player who is giving his best , you deserve nothing but get kicked out of the league. No , I am no PJSalt right now ! It's just sad that you can play with the likes of Fear and rtz and decide to troll instead of giving your best when you are complete garbage tier compared to them. I hope NONE of these people ever make it into pro-scene and im pretty sure they ever wont with an attitude like that
you are absolutely right! thanks mate , always giving my best
I would love to bring EXACTLY this thread up , 1 week after TI when the meta is completely dragged out and there is ONE amazing strat! would be fun to see if opinions have changed or stood the same. Personally for me its so-so. there are way too many bristle / wisp / undying / qop / gyro / pl picks, we basically see all of them in every game either picked or banned.
source 2 and Immortals 3 ! Lol , did you really think we would stop ? you must be new here
how do they matchup so often that he can get fed every game ? wtf
thanks for the fast help !
Can we have his Dotabuff??
Free trip to Feeladelphia
so source 2 can fix it ?
No Kappa no party
what does TIL exactly stand for ? I always think of like "achievement of the day" or smth
I dont know how this game works but im on lvl 1200 and everything dies before I really click anything :D
oh damn , hoped you would say watching replays together / or as 5
I tell you who wins that , the best earth spirit without ANY doubt. For me it would take very long to get back at 6k with my heropool Storm,Tinker,SF,Wr,TA! I think with these heroes its kind of easy to get like 5,5 but higher not that easy because good ppl try to counter you. But if you are a good es on offlane. you will be owning every single game
If we get a little more discout than the standard 25% im absolutely buying this :)
a little offtopic , but how is your twitch so dark ? looks fantastic
Kreygasm! best thing happened to me today
he will be the Goku of the Dota2 world , so basically dendi!
Anyone played the masterplan so far? is it worth 15€ ?
there are 2 heroes who are super good against him BS and nyx! nevertheless a more general way of beating him up is Blademail! (for example clockwerk )
I just opened a thead myself! i am MASSIVELY disappointed, fucking wooooooooooorst E3 of all time! absolutely nothing
I'd say 90% of early access are wasted! there game like prison architect and project zomboid or how minecraft was! which can and will work , but so many devs are just abusing this , throwing out a half finished game , only to get paid DLCs and so on... sad to see that steam/Valve allows that
Yes we all know! We hope for a quick fix :(
Didn't they even say that project NX will be talked about on next E3? So im pretty sure that they will do exactly that ( dropping it like a hot potato)
arcana detected
is it possible for me to take my dota2 from //C and just put it on //E or smth ? my SSD is full :D
How can this be upvoted that much?? So many misconceptions in 2 - 3 sentences
Same for me man! I though on the WiiU we had the Possibilites of a REAL and GOOD Pokemon Open world thingy in 3d graphics and shit:( SO disappointed
Why is that ? I actually liked that:(
I really dislike the change! I always want to keep my steam profile hidden cause im scared of any scammers and so on. hope it's just a bug
anyone knows whats in that patch ?
