you get more shards for doing electric one.
Will it fill the crater so people stop bitching about it?
You have to press enter twice for reddit to recognize a new paragraph.
Not only is it already a joke to level, that is a horrible argument. Quality of life changes are good to attravt newer players.
U wish you could shitpost on this level
Then you are arrogant about it also because to people not already maxed it is a giant accomplishment
So when he gets #1, everyone will know about it then? His aim style is very distinct, he won't hide if he plans on being competitive again. Doesn't seem very believable, imo.
I'd say kuu01 if anybody.
oh ok you're not being serious and are trolling for downvotes, gotcha
account trading is a thing that happens, so that doesn't mean anything.
not really even reading your posts anymore br0
so mad lol
Who is the dead T3 god next to Saradomin? Never seen that name before
what the fuck are these sliders
&gt;Undead Corporation YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS BRB edit: first try rip https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgRlQKKrC-A&amp;feature=youtu.be
nah im just slow as shit, anyone who is capable of streaming 224 wouldnt have any issue
overmapping doesnt mean its mapped to be hard, so those people are stupid.
Not sure if seri.... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh
My first thought was Seinfeld, but Friends is perfect too.
Honest question, but as I assume you are a vegan by choice, would something like the OP really bother you that much? It seems like such a tiny thing to me, but I'm also not vegan.
I guess that makes more sense, but I feel like it was still alright. We killed the faceless ones because they're faceless ones, so thats obvious, but even others like Hagara kinda fit in, since shes in the tower, should could just collapse it while we fought or something I guess?
Read their username friend
How is it. A meme comment dumbass
Maybe its been a long ass time. Dont remember lol
The combo is slightly different for each person, the 3rd rune i think.
Did you even read the article? The second paragraph mentions the 5th.
some people really need a good kick in the balls to stop being such immature cunts
Calm down dumbass LOL
Don't knock what works.
Except this is actually what is supposed to be done.
Just means hes hard on himself. Like me, only he actually has them :(
Wasnt c score like 99.18 acc? This is pretty close to that.
Ya too bad complaining wont make it stop :(
Ah
It can just become a valid alternative pronunciation due to apparently a large amount of people using it. Languages change.
So how exactly did he cheat in this one? Relax hack or something?
Pm goulet or god of pride and ask them for an invite.
I don't get it.
"Art"
Has to be some glitch
No, you fuck off with your shit. Not everybody has seen everything you cunt.
This isn't /r/funny nigger.
Peppy didnt say "do this and get unbanned". He said "do this and i will personally review your case", meaning you will have a chance.
Hefin course every time there's a vos
Is tuska wp (75) better than T50 power armor? Assuming boots/chest/legs, for general slayer. (Ironman lols)
Because somewhere along the line it got warped into just meaning "play at disadvantage always"
why is 10.3 on there but not 9.67 ???
No he's not, and if you think he is, you're one of the retards.
Yesssss &lt;3 if you haven't seen it before you gotta watch IOSYS - Usatei 2011 on youtube.
Even if this was a raid, rules 1&amp;2 faggot
