I think it's much more interesting to see more historic actors/movies rather than recent ones. We all know how and when Paul Walker died so it wouldn't be as meaningful IMO.
¿Que de queso?
I think these arguments can be effective and I've used them myself, but there is a danger in the fact that people can take what you've said and advocate for forced prison labor, to pay the $300,000 prison bill, and barring convicted felons from obtaining government assistance. All it takes is a handful of politicians to partner with some corporation and say "look we've got these prisoners working for free and, through the sale of their products, we are running a budget surplus. We're keeping the criminals locked up *and* saving the taxpayers money!" Cue re-election.
http://chuckpalahniuk.net/files/nerds-hairpie-1.jpg
But on the other hand how many of them would have turned out to be the new Hitler? Again, we will never know. Personally, I think it's up to the individuals to decide. I would never ask my girlfriend to get an abortion, but that doesn't mean I want to make that choice for others.
That seems to be an issue of lenses though. I mean you *could* put an iPhone up to a telescope and take a clear picture of another planet.
*My cousin and I touched wah.. wie... wien.. My cousin and I touched weiners*
Cheap toilet paper/paper towels. You might save a couple of dollars, but you'll go through it twice as fast. Plus Charmin feels amazing when compared to the cheap competitors.
Followed by /r/LegalAdvice
But it's worth five *hundred* dollars in savings!
I agree. I mean for all we know this could be completely fabricated. "Oh yeah we *totally* found and took out HQ with our SpyWhiz 3000 machine."
It's not as if these are large scale uniformed battalions, like the Redcoats, that we are fighting against. These are just a bunch of everyday looking people with a shared ideal.
*"Yeah I'll take a venti Sharia, half-caf, no whip, with a splash of western perk."* That'll be $4.75. Please pull around to the first window.
If you listen closely you'll notice that Disney's goes "ding ding ding di di ding ding… DING… ding ding ding di di ding ding" while Ghosts n Stuff goes "ding ding ding di di ding ding… ding ding ding di di ding ding." It's not the same.
http://rs196.pbsrc.com/albums/aa33/triplejumper18/seinfeld-high-five.jpg~320x480
Yes I am well aware of the costs. I only spend about $150 on gas per month. Rent alone would cost $300-$400 more. So even if I walked to work, I would still be spending at least an extra $150. I also work a compressed week, so I only have to commute 3-4 days per week.
Thank you! It seems so much worse that this is all occurring in /r/funny. Jokes about stereotypes are many comedians bread and butter, but apparently that type of humor is not tolerated here. This is what I'm reminded of while reading some of these comments: https://youtu.be/fjIuPSuYSOY
Fair enough, I can agree with that. I didn't even find the joke to be that funny, but the guy/girl doesn't deserve to be called a racist (especially in a tone mocking the mentally disabled - wtf?).
Found the slow, passing-lane camper.
Drugs can really give you a window into a different level of consciousness (I'm looking at you, psychedelics) and open your mind to new things. Also, they're fun.
Come on, honestly try to put yourself in his shoes. How would you feel if your wife and kids died and you felt someone was responsible for causing it?
God damn that bee shit. The property next to my girlfriend's work has a bunch of hives on it and the cars there get **covered** in it. That shit doesn't come off!!
To be honest (and in my opinion of course), all cable news networks have devolved into Jerry Springer news. It's all heads in boxes yelling at eachother or faux-scandal outrage.
Either that or /u/AWildSketchAppeared
It was 4 touchdowns for Polk High to be exact.
Like Groot and Rocket?
*I'll take you to the candy shop. I'll let you see what I got...*
Has anyone else seen The Adventures of Baron Munchausen and think the Minions are a direct ripoff of those miners near the end of the movie?
That's what I was thinking too. Is he also using the table as leverage?
Multitasking/split screen was on my stock S4, S5, and Note 4. Reading this post makes me feel like I live in an alternate universe. I'm assuming this feature must be a Samsung thing?
So does this mean that it was really Obama who invented the internet?
I think he was scrounging for gold.
Goddamnit this describes my electronics instructors perfectly. Apparently you should already have a degree in electronics before taking any classes.
Dude can't afford a house with those monthly Lambo payments. He just lives in a garage with his books and Lamborghini.
Jeezus, someone get that woman a cigarette!
That will only get you through one season. Better buckle in for the long haul!
How do you figure?
KITT's. And they can all come with an autographed headshot of David Hasselhoff.
They're *always* trouble.
Yeah then when the chronic high-fiver took off running, I was expecting a chase scene.
https://youtu.be/yfI3vB3InHs
I came here to find this out also.
Well grandson, sit down by the fire and let me tell you a little story...
It's back up in Oregon!
They should just move it all the way forward and put it over the screen.
I think one problem with these questions is that people are assuming that a computer has human-level reaction times when they are several orders of magnitude faster at reacting and calculating different scenarios for avoidance. I think an autonomous vehicle, with their array of sensors and other inputs, would see the problem coming well before a person would even know what's happening and react accordingly.
Thank you!
Except *you* wouldn't really be ruining their grade. *They* would ruin it by not taking the test.
This is the first one to make me literally laugh out loud.
Oh I totally agree, but it's incredibly irrational.
