It is honking with the big Yes printed on it. Lets be honest, you wouldn't see a britnat fly that flag anyways, just leave it as the Saltire.
Yeah, that looks much better!
I always use the AT-ST as a anti aircraft weapon, always satisfying blowing rebel ships out the sky, the only issue is the ridiculous range of the ion cannon, you can sit back miles away from the action on the ground and still get taken out. especially on Hoth
If the rebels have better ships, then surely the imperials should have the advantage of numbers in the air, help even it up
Hurray!
On WA, I kinda wish they would limit the number of Rebel fighters you can have in the air at once.
I'm surprised people believe you need to have skill to use the pulse cannon, its a 1 shot kill weapon. In my experience using it, no skill is really needed, its as simple as point and shoot.
Brilliant, I love the force choke but you shouldn't be using it in situations like that!
It's not the man weapon I use, but if i'm having one of they days where I just can't seem to hit anything, it is my default gun to help get a few kills and get the confidence back
Brilliant
You find that camera on the ceiling? Only kidding, congratulations!
I think Viper droids are just easily to spot because they hover above the ground.
Sounds as if the Galaxy class could be seen as a potential failure
Did the Odyssey manage to take any out Dominion ships during that encounter?
Yeah the Galaxy Class could easily go toe to toe with other know capital ships of the time (pre dominion war that is)
I'm sure we seen one or 2 getting destroyed at the first battle of Chin'toka
&gt; I would have rather them kill off O'brien and his family to make space for her. Wait, what?!
If you have a good partner who is trying to play the objective, it can be really handy to use him for spawning and getting back into the action quickly and not having to run a mile to catch up
Same with the crew, they leave spacedock as the bright eyed, full of hope and energy, excitement, coming back as cynical, wearied, angry from the experience... Or just not making it back at all
&gt; If I remember correctly, his crime wasn't that serious Tbf, He did join a terrorist group
[http://tng.trekcore.com/bluray/images/s3comp/tngs3-bluraypreview-313-3-hd.jpg] Enterprise D from above in the atmosphere
Would loved to have found out more about The Husnock and the adventures of one lone Borg cube/sphere in the Gamma quadrant
IMO air superiority can make a massive difference to the outcome of a game, especially when the uplink is sitting out in the open, A/Y/Speeders can easily pick off players from above. Being in control of the sky can help dictate what's happening on the ground. Plus if you have any Tie fighters still in the air at the final uplink, it means they can take out the speeders before they can attempted to take down a walker with a cable, leaving the rest of us to concentrate on the ground forces
&gt; I imagine a lot of worlds could feel threatened or put off by the insular and, frankly, xenophobic Klingon and Romulan empires so having the Federation around would mean a lot. I always imagined the Federation having something similar to a NATO with certain non member worlds.
I wouldn't want to mess with Italian Leia.
Wouldn't that be similar ti asking why would someone go to the pub for a few drinks when they can do it at home? I think the short answer would be its a place people can go to socialise and relax
I'll be happy for Siri just to understand my accent one day
Yeah the maquis thing was something I didn't get. Why did they appear to happily accept being fitted out in Starfleet uniforms? Felt like more of a conscription than a willingness
Yeah, I've always wondered that. I mean how long did Riker, Troi and Geordie have to walk about about until they found a sleeping Reg in the Holodeck?
I think she has a point. You could argue that the Federation assimilates cultures, they either force them to change into what they deem as acceptable or don't allow them into the club. Look at Bajour, it had been mentioned they wouldn't be allowed to be a member of the federation if they reverted back to its culture prior to the Cardassian occupation, with its class system as briefly seen
I didn't see a single shadow trooper or helmetless stormtrooper. This pleases me
This EU referendum has been utterly farce from the start. The hate that's been whipped up by the right against immigrants and refugees is nothing short of disgusting
For our friends across the Atlantic, I know UK and its devolved politics are be confusing for some MP - Member of Parliament (UK parliament, Westminster, London) MEP - Member of European Parliament (EU Parliament, Brussels) MSP - Member of Scottish Parliament (Scottish Parliament, Holyrood, Edinburgh) AM - Assembly Member (Welsh Parliament, Cardiff) MLA - Member of the Legislative Assembly (Northern Ireland assembly, Belfast)
MP is also used for Military Police for the UK armed forces!
You actually believe that guff you've just posted?
Think of it as an open day in the MP constituency they represent. (They usually use a public building such as a library, community hall, school etc..) Basically once a month an MP will hold a surgery meaning members of the public can make an appointment to see them face to face to discuss matters they wish, it can be either a local grievance or a national grievance, that the MP could raise with Parliament
Oops. I'll put that down as a typo.
Same, but I do think the default stormtrooper skin is the best.
I keep seeing Axanar fans talk about this 20 minute promo as "real" Star Trek Go back and watch TOS and early TNG, Axanar is in no way remotely faithful to early Roddenberry Star Trek. It's basically a war film. Couldn't be further from Star Trek IMO
Yeah, I use the AT-ST as an anti aircraft vehicle
Being turned on offended you?
He gets the job done, you might like how but it gets done
Fuck me, that is horrific news
Yeah, Unless it's my imagination I'm sure the Dominion was already aware of the Federation existence
Indeed
Words are pronounced differently all the time depending on where you are in the world. Even names Craig being one prime example
Same, I do get a deep sense of satisfaction taking out rebel ships. Although it can take multiple attempts to take out a A-Wing
Just voted. Remain. Some of the story from the leave camp have been disgusting, you must feel like a leper being a foreigner in England (Not the rest of the UK) right now. Be interesting to see the outcome, If English votes does pull Scotland out of the EU it would be a constitutional crisis.
After watching Die Hard when I was a wee boy, I assumed all Americans are Cowboys for a long time. Wasn't until I seen City Slickers that I realised differently
That really should be a special weapon. It makes him invincible for a short period of time
