Yeah half the time the people who do these mods to themselves work in the field itself. I wouldn't get a tattoo done by an artist that had zero tattoos themselves. My best friends dad owns a very reputable tattoo shop and all their employees do weird shit to their bodies.
I doubt they're actually crying just like somebody doesnt actually have to laugh out loud to say lol.
I'd avoid having children. Constantly watching them grow old and die would grow depressing like immediately.
He wont have much to keep his bearings straight and with humans having a dominant arm he'll just be swimming in circles. I doubt most people would have a flipping clue how to get to Europe without modern tech such as compasses that we take for granted.
I'm not American so that's my excuse for not being able to identify 75% of the shit in that cart.
Man, half of my Canadian history classes were all about how hard we managed to fuck the natives. Maybe other peoples schools glossed over it but mine most definitely did not.
To be fair the survival rate of children 100 years ago without the medicine we have now wasnt great. My Amma grew up dirt poor in the depression and out of the 10 kids her parents had only 5 of them made it to adulthood. They were an extreme case but they were white so we cant blame it on cultural genocide.
You can update a computer all you want but eventually the hardware (your brain) will be primitive. You can augment your body to an extent but that's like trying to update the first computer with modern programs, shit just won't fit.
Damnit, I never figured mental math cuming easily to me would be such an issue.
Oh cmon, the bitch invited me over for dinner.
Never gets old.
I mean its the same alcohol percentage of beer, its the sugar that will end yur night over the toilet though.
Until somebody who you didnt use the power on rapes somebody you did use the power on and they weren't able to fight back as a result.
I can back this up. Im a bartender and were generally functional alcoholics and for some reason people love you even though you just pour drinks for a living.
I always thought my teachers were wholesome people until I was old enough to be friends with several teachers, you fuckers like to get drunk.
Google has been my tech support for years. The older members of my family are convinced I'm a computer genius when in reality I just know how to google shit. I have yet to correct them on that.
They had the design trade because its too commercial/mainstream? Sounds like they are hipsters and so are you, just in a bit of denail. Nothing wrong with being a hipster as long as youre not an asshole.
Last time I checked one bombs abortion clinics and fights to deny rights to people and the other does not.
Id say its not an equal chance. Its more likely its all made up.
Yeah just go back to her home country and never set foot in America again unless she intends to deal with all those bills.
Everybody does eventually and there is nothing I can do to prevent by own inevitable death. Yeah it really sucks but I tend to not dwell on things I can't stop from happening. It is what it is.
I mean if it wasnt for France giving you shit while also attacking Britian you would have likely lost the revolutionary war. So at this point you're just even, all you did was hit back the favour.
Youre right, you didnt justify mass jail rape. You just justified and condoned cruel and unusual punishment. Raise your hand if you think prisoners should be washboarded as punishment.
Karma assumes the innocent weren't harmed. But they were, this is just sad.
We hunted off many their natural predators so for many species us hunting them is necessary to keep their population in check like it naturally would have.
If anything they may have also not shot him because he was an unarmed dude just playing some music.
Not having to clean up doesnt mean you have to leave it looking like a tornado hit. If you make a mess like this while eating out you may either be an asshole or legitametly retarded.
Shit doesnt happen that quickly. These young people were fucked over well before they even had the right to have a say in it. Older people can't blame younger generations for the shit they voted to enact. Bloody ridiculous.
Yeah we could just cut military spending on pointless shit by a tiny fraction and have more than enough to pay for this. The amount of shit America could give it's people if they just stopped spending obscene amounts of pointless wars.
Focusing on everybody at once at this point wont result in anything noticeable. But working on one demographic at a time is realistic and will produce noticeable results faster.
He was discussing education, not employment. 5500 a year ond educatiob per person is quite reasonable.
Things like lobsters have multiple "brains" so destroying one likely wont even render it unconscious while boiling it overloades it's nerves and has it dead in seconds. So boiling it is the humane way to kill it if you want to eat it. That's not even touching ground on the fact that lobsters and chimps have a hilarious difference in sentience.
He was also a decorated soldier from world war one, the guy was a steaming pile of shit but to call him a coward would be dishonest.
Then log the fuck in. This could be easily fixed if you werent so damn lazy.
Maybe from your hilariously bloated military.
And nobody who wrote the gospels were there to see the miracles of christ. Your own argument is really unraveling on you.
But if god guided man into using said antibiotics dont we run into the issue of free will?
Seriously, if I'm only getting laid that often then Ill just go hang out with dudes. The extra effort of a relationship is nowhere near worth it if I'm still stuck jerking myself in a pool of sexual frustration.
Yeah its more just tossing your line out there until something finally bites.
The top few men are doing all the fucking. In your mind its an equal ratio of one to one except for the fact that most woman are fucking the same group of guys. So its easy for 20 girls to get laid while only 5 guys do the same.
They dont have those youthful good looks to fall back on anymore and need to start being more forward.
If brigading is what got them banned I'm curious why SRS is still around. Let's face it, they only enforce these rules when it's with groups they don't politically agree with.
So why is every other sub that using photos of real people to laugh at them still around. I dont even have to think deeply to think of some.
But Pao politically agrees with SRS so her rules will never be applied to them. They'll turn this place into a SJW hellhole and it will be the death of this place.
Even if it was they still wouldnt have banned them. The SJW would spin it in the media making it look like Reddit was against equality for woman and minorities. They are dealing with a loaded gun.
Ive seen countless examples of them being reported for clear cut examples. The admins lean to the far left though so good luck getting them to do shit all about it.
Do you start in August? Public schools in Canada go from beginning of september until nearly the end of June. Private schools often end in may but they generally give less days off and move at a quicker pace.
Yeah that sub sunk into a turtle shell knowing they would ban them at their first excuse. They wont even let them link to archives anymore. They're being smart about it, hard to find a reason to ban them when they dont link to other parts of reddit.
They wish they did.
Happens to me all the time. Stupid French setting on Canadian keyboards.
