&gt; It's worse because you regen a little bit of your missing mana throughout the entire 5 seconds with Mana Font, whereas with Meditation you've already regened 5 seconds worth of mana (based on your base MP5) before gaining that burst of 1.5% missing mana. This doesn't make sense. I can present an alternate way of looking at it. Say you have 0 mana at t=0s. At t=0s, you get a burst of 1.5% missing mana. Then for the next 5 seconds, you regenerate mana normally. Viewed this way, the burst regen is actually more efficient than the chalice style, because you get 5 seconds worth of regen immediately, and before the amount regenerated is lessened by your natural regen. So is the burst regen better or worse than the trickle regen? It depends on the timing of the ticks and when you expend your mana. Let's say you have a pool of 500 mana and somehow your full combo costs 300 mana. Every 5 seconds, meditation ticks. If you cast your combo right after a tick, then you get your scenario and burst regen is worse than trickle regen. If you cast your combo right before a tick, then you get my scenario and burst regen is better than trickle regen. In practice, you wouldn't actually time your spells based on a fairly opaque mastery like this (you could, and you'd get slightly better mana efficiency, but it's probably better just to optimize your spell timing for actually important stuff like hitting the opponent or farming). So you're going to get the good case and the bad case roughly 50% of the time each. Therefore there is no expected difference in efficiency between the meditation style of regen and the chalice style. (I think meditation should still be changed to use the chalice style however, just because it's simpler). tl;dr: you're wrong. about half the time, the opposite scenario occurs which makes up for what you described. the actual result is that there is no difference in efficiency.
I'm confused. What kind of memory did you reawaken?
Is there something wrong with eating old cheese that's been left out? How old are we talking? I do the same thing except I also eat the dried part.
&gt; Meditation (MED) doesn't calculate its first tick until t1. If it calculated at t0, then Meditation would technically have a 5 second lead on Mana Font, which could only be equalized if Mana Font regenerated mana for 5 more seconds after the final calculated interval. Here's the part I disagree with. How can you say it doesn't calculate its first tick until t1? Let's use an extreme example. You're playing Lux with a mana pool of 100. A single E uses up your entire mana pool. You spend some arbitrary amount of time shopping in base and walking back to lane. During this entire time, your mana regeneration is effectively 0 because your mana is full. At some point, you will cast your first spell. At that point your mana will become 0 and we can begin tracking mana regeneration (time of first spell is t0). Now, you said that the first tick of MED only occurs after 5 ticks of MF. This is not always true. If your first spell was cast at 1:59, then you will get your MED tick along with the next MF tick. In this scenario, MED effectively calculates its first tick at t0, which as you state means it beats MF.
\&gt; investing in apple/microsoft/google instead of just stealing their ideas and making that company yourself
Wait really? Source?
I only down voted because of your stupid "inb4 I get downvoted haha I don't care". That's not relevant to the discussion and makes your comment low quality.
&gt; no reason not to click beginner It's pretty easy to win even if you click expert. After a few games smurf detection kicks in and games actually get interesting. I don't think people like stomping pointless games that much or else they'd just play intro bots.
oom, don't fight, my bad, timer for drag, timer for baron
Ah, I also ban Brand and Mordekaiser every game.
Vi is still banned or picked a good percentage of the time.
What are you saying?
That's the only way disaster relief funding works.
Sure. But it has as much counterplay as Annie W and R, which are "skillshots".
LOL if you max Q then you aren't farming with W either.
You can build qss anyway. You don't have to finish mercurial scimitar. Qss didn't even build into anything at all before season 3.
Slot efficiency isn't that important until 6 items anyway. QSS is still a powerful item even if it's cheap. Like I said, it used to not even build into anything at all and it was still good. What's wrong with the stat efficiency? Do you not like having MR vs Malzahar?
That's just greedy if you expect a defensive item to not put you behind on damage. It also delays ADC damage in the same way.
Zyra's decent, just niche. I honestly don't want to see her at 20% pick rate because that just leads to more nerfs.
MODS COME BACK
You can fit another QEQ after the ult.
6 Sightstone Kog incoming
5.10 buffed him, and people discovered a new way of playing him (max W).
Use sharex. Probably the best screenshot software and it lets you automatically upload to imgur or any other site. Gyazo really does suck ass.
Try sharex. Like gyazo, but it uploads to imgur.
You found the meme!
Ryze was reworked too. I don't recall them disabling other champions after their reworks. I think Lucian was just too obviously broken to handle.
Why not? That's like saying it doesn't make sense that Zed doesn't use mana or that Miss Fortune can't stun people. Champions don't all have to be the same.
Like Xerath Ult but global and can be cast 26 times
Valve monetization leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth. I hate the crate/case/chest system they have in all their games. It feels like they're throwing combination flyer/lottery tickets at you and pretending it's some kind of reward. The whole system is set up to prey on as many mental vulnerabilities as possible.
Valve only sells cosmetics, while Riot also sells gameplay content. But Valve markets far more aggressively than Riot (maybe because they only make money from cosmetics?). The aggressive marketing is what turns me off, while I don't really mind having a small champion pool. You have your opinion, and I have mine. It just depends on whether you prefer a paywall or very aggressive marketing.
Formula is 5+depth/3.
Anti-entropy is pretty good! You just need a scroll holder.
Need to see the grin to confirm
A true ninja
I'll counterstack 'em on Garen. If I burn, so do you.
You mean, it would make them much less effective. Poke mages don't win by going all in on full health opponents. If you buy an early revolver against Ziggs, he'd lose all his kill potential. Basically the lane would be shitty and boring for everyone involved.
Then Jayce and Pantheon can build it.
Broken on Ryze. You could just stack AP and vamp and 1v5.
If Rammus were released tomorrow, then maybe he wouldn't be so braindead easy to play.
200 global IP for tower kill
It's relative to your elo, so if your rank 5 players are garbage that speaks to the elo.
Is this even a bug? It's been that way for as long as I can remember and I always played Jayce just thinking that this was the expected behaviour (kinda like how karma Q only explodes if you hit it or you used R)
Use sharex, same thing but uploads to imgur
I'm 50/50 about Morello or Athene's normally, but if the enemy team has Aatrox, I guarantee you I'll be picking up Morello.
You can also do that now, and besides I'm not even sure that would work
I've never had the luxury of deciding where I want to be when the Fiora Ult ends. That thing one shots me every time.
The threshold to trigger the audit is a lot weaker.
Someone learned a bad word at school but is too scared to actually say it.
Yeah I played a game where we had a nami go 0/15 versus a botlane poppy. Everyone knew she was feeding like crazy and you could tell our jungler wanted to say something, but all he said the whole game was "support stop standing next to the wall". Pleasantly surprised no one said anything else.
