2nd best QB in your division!
Technically the most logical answer
Who's the singer?
Ouch
Lofa Tatupu as well
That reads like a sitcom
Would the contract expire or does it pick up where he left off if he comes back?
Interesting, I see what you mean. I'm a big fan of their first two albums but I haven't listened to what they've done since then as much.
I loved their king Crimson cover though
Wait nvm I meant Mercyful Fate
Man this makes me so happy. Star Trek and Seinfeld are probably my two favorite tv shows/series.
Idk, I could argue it wasn't even Pink Floyd's best album
2high4me
Spice is a type of synthetic weed
I was too upset to find it funny the first time, but it's hilarious now
One of the best metal bands ever imo
TJ houshmenzadeh
Mine was a knockoff from target
This is part of the reason why i just buy CDs.
I think it's fairly commonly accepted as a genocide among Americans, at least in my state
It just seems like he completely overreacted to the situation
Shine on you **crazy** diamond
It maintains the balance
So that's what the song is about...
Can't tell if it's stupidity or just not caring
You can't just jump into metal, you gotta ease your way in. I started by listening to bands like nirvana and soundgarden, then gradually got into heavier stuff.
Like onions?
Beautiful
Very nice!
Vol. 3 is such a great album
Damn, that's sad, he looks so fucked up and out of it
Warning is a really good album
Thank you
That last part made me sad
They can be pretty funny when people aren't being assholes about it
Even so, cutting he guy just because he didn't go to the optional OTAs seems like a bad precedent to set. Chip can't possibly expect every player be there every year.
Schecter makes some great looking guitars definitely
Thank you Marshawn
I don't think they had heavy metal in 1715
Don't take it personally
This guys got some diverse tastes
TBF, I can see how getting booed on draft day would affect the way you see the fans of your team
I'm pretty sure certain denominations would disagree with the third point
I'm pretty sure Myles Kennedy played the first half of it and Mark comes in at the end.
Challenge: think of a Metallica song you don't like off of their first 4 albums.
It said that the detergent left horrific burns in his windpipe, so yeah, pretty painful I'd imagine
Damn, that's seriously messed up if true. It also says that it may have been the daughter that posted the Facebook comments.
Green Day has great lyrics
Do you think you would've changed without that comment? In a way you could say it benefitted you I the long run
I disagree, the fact that we have a video of him knocking out his wife affects his ability to be signed massively. It's easy to look past issues if you haven't actually witnessed the crime they've done, but seeing it affects people in a way so they won't forget it
