I would not be surprised. They let anyone upload things. Use to be very lightly moderated, but they've gotten better.
I prefer 0. This way 7 and 14, 10 and 20, 15 and 30, and 20 and 40 are all fine.
I did not mean throatfucking... lol
What amuses me more is that it lists absolutely no points of interest in rhode island.... sounds like about what I'd expect.
Why did you want sex left out of it?
I love you. So much... You understand my plight.
So... D as in Dog?
I was not when that was posted.
Except, who cares if she maximizes her dating pool... Women are the gatekeepers. If a guy can't step up, best they date no one.
Does not change the fact. You aren't being nice by blinding people.
Yeah... When you get a local anesthetic it still hurts a bit to be stabbed with the needle.
You seem confused.
Beer and cheese curds?
Maybe with a nice brown mustard and a thick slice of cheese? And, what kind of bread are we talking about? Rye?
This should really be /r/evenwithcontext
Really? I just lost some.
No, we know they're trashy. Allow me to explain: Trashy vs Classy is fundamentally about if you respect others or not. A truly classy person would realize that people do not like unsupervised children playing on their property, and stop them without a word having been said. Now, it's not that one is automatically trashy if one doesn't immediately stop the children... but, if someone has to say something to you and you REFUSE to do anything about it, yes... you're trashy now.
You know how it's getting a bit complicated? That's part of why you should be getting an attorney. Get one.
&gt;Don't take legal advice form the police. Best legal advice you can ever receive. Edit: formatting fail
Reading this made me wonder if I was having a stroke.
So... apparently Canada and Denmark have some kind of a territorial dispute. As a Canadian, would you please explain that to me?
Actually, he's probably being totally serious. Movies shot on film are done at 24hz traditionally because the human brain can only perceive 10-12 actual images per second, so anything above this starts to create the illusion of motion. However, the human brain actually works asynchronously to perceive visual stimulus so... higher numbers are not actually wasted, they're just not really needed to create the illusion of motion either. Tl;Dr: Film movies are shown at less than 30hz, so it's a common misconception and that guy is probably serious. Edit: Added the summary because some of you like to post huffy sounding replies to people you agree with.
I am trying to get the founder to agree to defaulting to 3 instead of 0 on the link that shows up when people forget context, that's nearly always enough to make sense of what's happening, and if its too much it doesn't really hurt anything.
never assume no lawyer would take it. Just call and ask.
Meh.. I've had been happier if he'd really linked it up in /r/nocontext too, but, I guess that's too much to ask for?
Ha... I personally use 0 pillows. No, I'm not kidding or lying just to one up you.
Yeah... so, had to figure out how to put NSFW because of this post, good job. It's probably not much worse than a lot of things, but reading this made me dry heave just a little... Still, think it's a good post on the context... but, maybe I just had a mental block that said "no, there is no way someone was actually trying to make vagina yogurt".
Nah. It's just funnier this way.
Bowl? What kind of D list places are you going. Mine always comes in a trough.
"What? My ex loved it when I did that!" Thanks... That went from awkward moment to mood killed quite quickly.
This is pretty typical. Expect those articles later in the day. This was announced probably less than 5 minutes before the article was published, they were racing each other to publish. Also, they will typically announce the ruling before the opinion is actually available to read, which will have all the details - down to which older cases they've decided to creatively interpret to explain how this is just a clarification of an existing law. Edit: accidentally a word
The sizes are: Short, Tall, Grande, Venti, Trenta. They're 8, 12, 16, 20-24, and 31 ounces. And, I have no idea why Trenta is 31 ounces and not 30... that's just what a source I looked up just for this said.
Because it's $3 for a shitty cup of coffee, so it feels like $95.
That's still not service.
You also generally can't claim any type of tort for asserting a legal right... I mean, if you want to throw a hail mary at this, fine. But, seems like a waste of effort to me.
updated to include
?
Who is discussing fault? If one can control the situation then one can control the situation. Obviously, every moment a person might not have freedom of choice... But, there are usually warning signs and moments where one can choose not to accept the abuse after the fact. I realize it's easier said than done sometimes, but it still teaches a child about what is acceptable behavior when it is modeled by their parents.
people are rarely helpless.
So it is clear, that would not actually be legally binding... But, could be a place to start.
No. The answer was "Cat." Meow you are banned from /r/catsstandingup
A $120 ride is a ride to another city. Probably 80 miles. Most people are taking the ride out there then taking another one home. If you want that ride during peak times when that driver could have taken many many more people home instead... Seems fair.
He just posted his raw data.
Exactly. Lots of people do just date one at a time... But, not everyone. Hell... If I have a first date with someone, that is not going to stop me from making plans with someone else... And, I'm generally only dating one person too. First dates are relationship interviews, no one expects loyalty before them... And what if both people deserve a round 2?
I don't. He's the jackass who ... No, I cannot even pretend this makes sense. This is clearly just nitpicking.
While the words are the same in meaning, "Crouching" and "crouching" are different stimuli, and so are "dragon" and "dragon?", the brain generally looks at words as one shape, so any shape change is going to matter for this purpose even if you know that the shapes mean the same thing.
Its
Nah. One way I get a date and $20, the other way the chick does not pay for her trip.
You look like a fat pedophile.
I just do this manually. Sorry mate. :(
