Kobe isn't greater than LeBron lol! What are you high! What are you basing this on? Being on Shaq's team for 3 championships? Getting drafted by a team that went 56-26 and then 60+ wins the next year?
Yeah they don't plan on doing anything about it and they haven't acknowledged it either
[Here's](http://youtu.be/st4ghssHopY) my one and only gameplay on Gephyrophobia if you wanna take a look to see how a match goes. I've only gotten the opportunity to play it once and I made it count lol. Make sure you go for the sniper. You'll land the most kills :)
Yeah seriously. Search: soda can remnant
How do you do it?! Are you spring jumping? I tried in custom Games and wasn't getting particularly close at landing it :/
No you can BXB people in halo 2 and they'll die if the first melee was a moving melee
whats his legacy ?
Lebron is a 4x MVP, and has been the best player in basketball for around 10 years now. He's also been better than Kobe at every corresponding age in the NBA starting from 18 all the way to 30 (this won't change any time soon) and he's also averaged more points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks on a better shooting % in regular season and playoffs, and better points, rebounds, assists and shooting % in the finals (Kobe, 41% in the finals = Yikes!). LeBron is also a 2x Finals MVP on both of his championship teams and has been the undisputed best player on his team for his entire career every year (something Kobe can never say in Shaq's 3 championships with the Lakers) He has crushed this whole LeBron vs Kobe thing and it hasn't been particularly close either. And dont get me started on all star selections. Lmao you serious? You're telling me lebron would have to twiddle his thumbs and wait for 5 more years and wait to be greater than Kobe Bryant? Laughable way of looking at things, especially considering Kobe hasn't even played the last two years, stunk up the joint with his shooting % and gotten voted in anyway. Yeah really great way of defining greatness. You don't know what you're talking about.
"It measures about 13 inches long" No way! Me too :D
Hey that's pretty cool!
No one hates curry lol
Technically every aspect of life is due to luck. This guy is just being a big whiner. Curry doesn't wanna show up to that guys school anyway.
[Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64o3xi4_peE) my own Point of View from what transpired! It's a glitch that's happened to me before when you get hijacked off of the ghost and press a bunch of buttons. The game doesn't let you shoot, melee, or throw grenades. Weird stuff!
/u/rockforlight1998 /u/diasfordays
That sounds pretty dope actually
Super Saiyan Alpha
It's happened to me on Stonetown twice!
Who are you talking to??? You're not even answering the question posed in the title!
Don't listen to these guys trying to justify this by saying "you missed shots here and there" and "that only 1 out of 3 of your bullets connected" or some shit like that. That's not the biggest problem at hand. Your bullets are getting refunded. Look after your 3rd, 6th, and 8th burst. Lots of your shots didn't even count. This is a common occurrence in H2A and Halo 4. It's not just bullets. Watch when your shields are recharging or when you're planting the bomb in h2a in those games! You are being lied to!
Try taking up Barbie's World on the PS2 it might be more tailored to your skill set.
Because they don't want anyone to have fun
It's just something to talk about and it's also easy to remember so people can sound informed in conversation. It's actually silly to talk about a finals record. Would it be better to lose before the finals??
Halo 3 is a joke in the FoV department. Halo CE split screen on the MCC is beautiful and makes me jizz every time. You can see everything.
Yeah they should. And they need to make CE 4v4
/r/forgeinitiative
because it was a gimmick and the coolness factor wore off over time. however, i still like to pretend im james bond with dualie magnums in halo 2/3
fake
"Kung Lao...wins...."
Have you guys heard the 1 hour extended version of this? It's when any Australian tries to jump into matchmaking
How did that guy whiff the rocket 100%?
"Pull up to the scene with the ceilin' missin'!"
This is pretty common. It happens to me all the time. Just remember to keep shooting
ripoff of brooklyn nets jerseys. NEXT
he just spawned its natural reaction to walk forward. didnt have a split second to even think about it.
if only everyone else had better aim on the last guy, I would have finish him earlier!
Yup :)
Idk. I was on the other side of a bad spawn that a guy on the blue team had to get the drop on us earlier in the match. The game was repaying the favor. This isn't a great team slayer map in my opinion. It's very open with quite a few long lines of site. Tricks the game into thinking "there's nobody here! Here is your spawn good sir!"
Probably not a decent player
You can only block a sword attack with another sword. You're thinking of a bulltrue, where you melee a guy and somehow get a kill when he is sword lunging at you.
Yes
Yes buy it already. People ask this question every day it's becoming comical at this point. Use the search function
its not that petty, i mean he fucking killed you for the sniper
its because hes probably a teenager or close to it? most halo players are 17-21 years old
He already got killed by the time I picked up snipe. You can tell in the killfeed
He was a rookie. What the hell does "chuck shots" even mean in this case? Who do you want him to pass it to? Anthony Bennett?
He's already better than bird, a player who had two hall of fame teammates (mcHale/parish) on his team for 10+ years and a slew of other hall of famers peppered in there. The ring counting casual sports fan mentality needs to come to an end.
Chief player did too many random ultras and didn't do a single focus attack....Hand me the controller!!
Iraq
They have the same moves as the character they were modded from (Chief = Abel, Samus = C. Viper). I think you can mod it to whichever character you want. I don't know how to mod anything though, sorry.
its "STOP GIVING UP"
