Just like any fed duelist / assassin.
July 29th is the release date of Windows 10. Since LoL is in a partership with Microsoft, I hope LoL will be optimized for Windows 10. :) Can't wait!
&gt; Two words: Please don't. We already have enough Gosu wannabes running around. QFT. Vayne top doesnt really work, especially because most of top laners can exploit Vayne's weakness. Also, her ward tp to a fight will be muuuuuuuuch less significant than a mega gnar's ward tp to a fight (or any other top laner). Hell, Vayne will get that cs rather than tp-ing to a team fight. My opinion.
&gt; I'm a support main that likes to support vaynes. They basically push you to your limits as a support to, you know, make you improve. "Think you can peel for me in this team fight? Ha watch this!" Flashes into enemy team. QFT. Been there so many times :O Is this for real? Lol
50 wins XP boosts OR x days XP boosts if you plan on not going outside.
How can you find out? Probably somewhere at 70-100 Euro. I regret nothing.
No, I'm from Romania and I didn't hear such things.
Check your email. Post what's in your email
How can you be real if our eyes are not real?
How can you be real if Jesus is not real? #JadenSmithTweets
Taric's new best friend. WOT IS THIS M8???
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEJ566EnNgM
...the How can you be real part from my original post is from Jaden :D But yeah, you're right.
Katarina Riven Vayne Shaco Blitz
http://eune.op.gg/summoner/userName=SaiyaJiin I don't think I can play worse than this but I'll give it a try.
because you had your fb account linked to your LoL account
The fifth tier of every division is like that. People there either dont care (because they can't be demoted) either are frustrated because they can't climb any higher and are stuck. The fifth and the first tiers are horrible as far as I know.
Gnar? His W will do % hp damage (in case cho stacks 6) and he will probably survive cho's combo. Also, his mobility (e) will allow him to dodge cho's Q I guess. Edit: Made the post clear.
Let's duo bro! I go ad soraka jungle.
As far as I know, no.
All in and no way back support? Annie?
more like Braum :)
To be honest, yes, I'd find It pretty useful.
I think its good how It is. The ability to memorize when your opponent will get the flash back on separates the smart players from the lucky but not so smart ones. My opinion. Edit: You can always use chat timestamps to remember things ;)
Modify? Do you know what bug smash is? Code modyfing. But adding an extra feature requires extra coding, coding which can break other things, not re-writing the whole thing, but wring new code lines for sure. Lets take this example, is there a code line that calculates the needed mana for a skill? Yes, there is (the one that makes your skill unavailable when you don't have enough mana). Is there a code line that calculates and displays in how much time will a specific skill be available if the cost is X , the current mana is Y and the mana regen per second is Z? I dont know. If there isn't, that's the part that needs to be written/added to the existing code. That will require extra QA testing, extra bug fixes, HQ approval for the final product. The time is a problem, HQ approval is a problem and if one of them is not right, the feature will not be added. But please tell me how easy is to add this feature and get it ready for live in 4 weeks.
On a serious note, do you know how much time you (as a company) need to create a champion? 2-3-4-5-12-24 months, depending on how complex the champion is. 6 a year is actually good.
Are these mobas as late in development as LoL? Please provide some evidence that other mobas release way more than 6 a year. Also, in year 1, Riot had all these champions as "work in progress" since 2006 (when riot was founded). LoL was released in 2008-2009.
No one cares about you and you're pointless as well, but look at you, being on reddit and stuff. Yes, we need.
Because it needs counterplay? How do you counter yasuo ult?
Use flash on Annie only if its followed by the summon of Tibbers.
My objective for this season is gold. I started in bronze 3 and now in silver 4. What's your objective?
There's a difference between questioning a misplay (such as.. why did you focus x instead of y, why didn't you back etc) and flaming because of a misplay. I dont think people leave because their misplay is questioned in a non-offensive way.
I think it's up to each summoner. To be honest, I don't mind being questioned about my bad plays (such as take two towers with fiora instead of fighting mid) and I answer in a serious way as to why I did that (I'm behind and useless in fight, I need the gold, the team needs the global gold etc). But I do understand your point, some might find that a bit rude.. being questioned and stuff. To be honest, that's all about ego, if you can accept that others are better or not.
http://www.reddit.com/r/BestOfBronze
Wait until you see Ekko in the LCS.
Ekko is banned almost every game in low elo.
Disable range indicator?
Options &gt; scroll down until the end &gt; uncheck range indicator. It's in the interface section if I'm not wrong.
Stop being racist man, I see Ekko even if he is black.
Fireworks, yay!
So your team can hard carry you or why? I dont get it. o.o
The selected AFK remains in game, dancing, or spamming ctrl 6. He will be blocked by gates and his summoner spells will be disabled tho. Just an idea. :P
I saw a 0/8/0 Nasus doing that.. he ended the game with 900 stacks and ended 10/8/x because everyone ignored him (including our team - he was in our team) for a while.
Isn't that duck randomly spawned ?
Check the patch notes. They said they tweaked the text a bit.
Server fart. Unless you lost MMR/LP, I wouldn't be bothered much by that. It's a common thing these days.
Jazz, electro swing or just electro house. Depending on mood. Never something calm.
Use the search feature buddy. No, you're not. it's a general thing I guess. We all seem to have that issue.
I once made a triple kill with Kata. My cat had to walk over my keyboard. Flash was lost in the process.
This is fake. If you're Vayne, you're not accepted in the team in the first place. :D
