-t13 (on add phase). -Unlock masterbook II for LWR so that i have 3 crafting jobs at max, ready for specialist. (MBII and Lucis). -After that save up as much gil as possible and watch market.
not stressin to hard about it... Pretty sure *most* of the new recipes will not be added to the "master" tab but instead a new 51-55 / 56-60 tab. But there is a possibility that they throw a bone to people who have suffered through MB's and Main tool grinds and put some higher 5 star + stuff in there so i just wanna make sure i'm ready for it.
Was at it all night last night... my static was really suckin on dps so we keep hitting a wall in the add phase. No doubt this is doable tho.
until you see dem alexander screen shots and your all like damnit...
The main headache with coil is the phases you never make it to for practice like post heavensfall in t9. But they are introducing a practice mode where you can select the specific phase to get better at... that combined with the story mode to introduce people to the basics of the fight will have much more people in the end-game raids.
why a new master tab when you already have three books under one? (MB I and II and demi book) And once we are top tier at level 60 those masterbook 2 items will not be so hard to craft, especially since you only need 3 of em... *and* you need to make nq versions anyways for supra. (whether or not the continue to use the blue main hand will make this a must or useless) anyways it's totally possible.
LOL glad to see that we are all not crazy... whats shitty tho is the world i was building (and still am) is almost the EXACT plot to the movie Interstellar. I mean i knew i was building an entertaining story/universe but damn i didn't know it would be that good if Chris Nolan got behind it lol.
really glad you went outta your way to do this. I remember reading something once about REM being the point in time which your brain sorts out all the shit that happened to you that day and stores the information according to useful (got a promotion today/long term) to not useful (got stuck at 5 red lights otw to work today/short term) Interesting that the norm for chronic smokers is a dodgy memory is supported by this study.
Some of the top people in the fucking DEA are still living in the 1800 when it comes to info on pot. [It's bad because it's drugs and it's illegal because it's bad.](https://youtu.be/sw2wjrsdZSM?t=17) When the eventual wall comes down (prohibition) and more case studies can be conducted... that's when we will really see wtf is happening on the inside because it most certainly has a negative side. Same thing happened with cigs... not even half a century ago everyone was smoking cigarettes everywhere, it was the bees fucking knees! But after the huge wave of studies, information, deaths, so on... we now realize whats really happening. Weed has never had this chance and has only been studied from a biased "how can we keep this illegal" stand point that only warp actual facts (as seen by the idiot who post something they didn't even read and probably walks around town spewing the same bullshit lol)
who are you kidding lol... i smoke almost every day and smoked cigs for about 10 years before i quite those. My ideas are not based off assumption, it's personal experience. I only compare it to cigs in this situation because of the sheer amount of ignorance when cigarettes were at the height of their popularity, much like the ignorance surrounding weed. That doesn't mean i'm saying they are just as dangerous.
and dont forget the glamor system for SWTOR... that shit was on point. I was actually just considering making a thread on the official forms asking for some of those features like palette matching the chest piece. I pretty much realized it was going downhill from the start when there was no dog-fighting space pvp... i stuck around pasted GS and enjoyed the fuck outta it but came to the conclusion that i was not gonna wait around for another 2 years for something that should have been there from the start.
uhhhhh they have been saying this entire time that HM alex will be on par (*almost*) with savage coil....???
How does MORE people experiencing the story diminish anything for you? Do you feel less special that the cut-scene your waiting is being experienced by more that 5% of the game pop.? I went into coil for the story as well... that and the t9 tank coat lol.
lol... when i consider the story of coil i would file it under must fucking know lol... it was never an option for me, and i feel that it has almost everything to do with the entire story of ARR. That shouldn't be behind the wall that it is... i see where your coming from tho. For your average raider there minds are set on BiS... and the never ending grind for best gear but i never really took this approach because skill trumps gear any day. The story was always my reward... well that and the t9 tank coat which i still dont have lol.
yeah which is the exact opposite of whats happening here lol
Pretty much everything i have seen/read on the subject points to this... the real issue being after getting through that thick layer of ice.
i think in a couple years of playing i only went up that chasm twice lol... that place was a bit much.
i think you miss my point... it was not gonna be the thing to revive swtor... that ship has sailed long ago. I was simply saying that it should have always been there from the start, and because it wasn't, and then took 2 years to get it, kinda foreshadowed the whole demise of swtor. I mean it is Star Wars... not Planet Surface Wars
the way transmuting works is that you never get back what you put it so i would imagine this would work the same.
woo... the way it rained down debris was terrifyingly awesome
there ya go... thats my kinda shit luck ;P
I am a father of 4... every waking second of my life is ran as though im a tank/leader stringing along a bunch of babies/dps while me and the wife/healer argue about pointless shit. But to be real, I only run end game with strangers if i am 100% sure i know every end and out of the fight... otherwise it's with the static.
USE THE SEARCH BUTTON STEAMERS!!!
+RED DYE {YOU CAN HAVE IT}
misery loves company... if anything else you must ignore him. Once he realizes he can't affect you anymore he will move on.
wow... i am really sorry. Since this guy has all of your real info (and 6 months of dedication to making you know how upset he is) i would call the cops. Might be hard because you might not have any info on who he is IRL but that does not matter, you could be in danger and it needs to be taken seriously.
&gt;DX11 is Microsoft, meaning no MAC, PS4 or PS3 users will see these changes, sorry! ^pc^master^race^git^gud^scrubs
I went to Cairns when i was living out in the marshall islands and saw a statue of [Capt. Cook](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/Captain_Cook_statue,_Cairns.jpg) always wanted to know more about the dude lol.
pantera
Nael Deus Darnus - That bitch takes the cake for hardest thing i've done in any FF game, thus not only sticking out as #1 boss (monster) in FFXIV but also hardest in all the series.
dont. turn. around.
lets be real... with ffxv and kh3 on the horizon...
first song i learn to play on the bass... hits me right in the feels.
this is almost a day late lol but if you didnt know... i130 (or anything wayyy over the ilv needed) synced down at all is as effective as all white gear. So if you are a scrubby dressed drg with gear closer to the ilv... and it is pink or green you actually out gear us lol.
Here's the most fabulous [fomor PLD](http://i.imgur.com/9K6Dc9o.jpg) you will ever see! ^purple ^:P
not crazy enough to do savage lol
dont even need to get into the fact that shes is not the real challenge, the 7 people you can with are your real enemies lol.
market analysis.
needs more rng
did i just start a relic/zodiac quest? :P
Marshall Islands are missing... Several islands leased that are being used actively for missile defense testing. There will not be a single link ITT that will show all the bases.
i mean... have you watched the news at all? this place is fucked!
This was because of Walt Disney himself... and by default/tradition Pixar. Walt bought his mom a huge home after the success of snow white... even though his mom didn't want it. Well after a ton of complaints with the furnace system, and shoddy repairs, she died of asphyxiation caused by the fumes like 1 month after moving in. Walt took it hard... Parents (in disney movies) ever since have either not been there, portrayed horribly or even killed off. [sauce](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flora_Call_Disney)
was just thinking about this yesterday while making gear for sub jobs... even if i can just click on the item i have excess of and see what i can make with it.
always wondered this myself... with all the feuds between the two why would that on thing carry over... maybe it was subconscious? lol
[i've seen a lambo commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql94IYUrwXY)
not sure if your being serious but in the wiki you posted... "The original agreement allowed the United States continued use of the U.S. Army Kwajalein Atoll (USAKA) missile test range until 2016. An amendment to that agreement, extending U.S. rights until 2066 with an option until 2086..." Lived there for several years... then afterwards enlisted in the Navy for 8 years. I know bases lol... this place is a base. It's ran mostly by DoD but there are some higher up brass stationed there as well. (not ever day you get a billet to a tropical paradise)
you realized why he gravitated towards this?
lol yeah i detected a sense of something... i think that just means don't start wars with other people/groups then expect us to back it up OR if WWIII broke out we need to protect them in turn.
thats what happens when there are two different things in each picture... It is how some people can do the "spot the difference" puzzles ridiculously fast. since they are always side by side images you just do the 3d look thing and anything "blinking" (or as you put it jarring) is whats different from scene to scene.
