Yes, I've had an extremely rough time playing WoW, primarily between TBC and now. My problem isn't even pug groups because eventually you hit a point even as a new tank where your competency will outshine any flaws. WoW's normal and heroic dungeons only require a minimal amount of gear and competency in playing your class and role, nothing more. My problem is actually my experience with guilds and players on the realms I used to play on (i.e. Turalyon-EU, Emerald Dream-EU and Bladefist-EU.) And I don't agree with the notion that it's common courtesy to study boss tactics, because there are lots of players who can't be bothered to do it, and because a lot of bosses have very straightforward, blindingly obvious tactics. In Final Fantasy XIV, the groups are overwhelmingly friendly and will happily explain boss tactics. The big incentive is [Player Commendations and the title and vanity item rewards they provide.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/Player_Commendation) I'd even consider FFXIV to be more difficult than WoW in terms of its raid content. In Wildstar, the groups are somewhere between friendly and douchebags. Some will happily explain boss tactics, others will flame at you for not knowing boss tactics. That's generally because Wildstar is more of a hardcore game with a smaller community than most other MMOs, and because attacks are very clearly telegraphed unlike other MMOs. When Wildstar goes F2P later this year, I imagine this'll be a different story entirely. In RIFT... well RIFT is toxic-as-fuck, but I think that's because it's a free to play game modelled to be exactly like WoW. There's also the fact that there were several dungeons in Storm Legion (such as Golem Foundry and Storm Breaker Protocol) which were either overtuned to the point where you needed a SL Tier 1 geared tank and healer to survive or were badly designed and required you to skip half the mobs in the instance through unexplained terrain exploits to survive.
/u/psione
Is it because you're not a fan of Nicolas Cage?
They have since downgraded their only 40-man raid into a 20-man raid. Also, a very, very, very, *very* small minority of the community got to experience Datascape since you have to progress through Genetic Archives first.
I agree. That statement is fucking disgusting.
Remember when Sylvanas was able to raise the dead under her control using the Val'kyr?
Here's a good question, why do Danny and Egoraptor act like such massive tryhards on camera?
So what else is new?
If you don't mind me asking, how can the last four digits of a credit card be deciphered?
I wonder what would happen if the Bronze leaguer beat Naniwa. Would he have instantly gone to Diamond?
I'm skeptical about this entire article. Why? 1. Sepp Blatter would be absolutely stupid to even stay within Switzerland, let alone attempt to salvage what little power he has left in FIFA. I'm sure he's already in a country that won't extradite him to the United States on corruption charges should the FBI decide to pursue him. And believe me, there's quite a few of them, some of which I'm sure will happily welcome him. 2. Despite the negative publicity FIFA's sponsors are getting over human rights violations in Qatar, I'm sure it won't hamper their sales. Remember the Nestlé boycott and how effective that was? People aren't suddenly going to demand to switch over to Mastercard or American Express as a protest towards Visa, nor are they going to boycott any of the other sponsors either. Everyone will still watch the World Cup and buy the hefty amounts of merchandise FIFA makes a mint off of. 3. For FIFA to drop Qatar as a host nation would be *very* costly. Given the unfulfilled contracts and the amount of money Qatar has already invested in building infrastructure for the World Cup, a colossal lawsuit would await FIFA should Qatar be stripped of the World Cup. What I think will happen is that Sepp Blatter will evade any attempts to arrest him and Qatar will be allowed to keep the World Cup by whoever is elected after him, on the condition that workers' rights are significantly improved. Meanwhile FIFA goes through a massive 'reform' and in five years time is just as corrupt as ever.
&gt; Dedga.me I chuckled when it led me to the StarCraft II page.
Would be funny if loads of MPs resign and we see a Labour or UKIP power shift.
&gt; 9/10 "It's okay" Fixed
Yeah, the presenter of Game Theory is suffering from an overwhelming case of smug, to the point where watching episodes fill me with rage.
To access Hidden Palace Zone, you [fall down what was previously a spike-filled pit near the end of Mystic Cave Zone Act II. The spikes have been removed and falling down will transport you to Hidden Palace Zone.](/spoiler)
It's like Pokémon, with STDs.
So by 'state-sanctioned', does that mean they have to produce propaganda songs?
It's a shame, really, because the Sonic x Zelda DLC made Sonic: Lost World the worst Zelda game since Wand of Gamelon. Whereas Sonic in Hyrule Warriors will produce the best Sonic game since Sonic 3 &amp; Knuckles.
Very few international companies have wished to become a title sponsor of GSL after the game declined in 2012. Hell, we even had Hot6ix, an energy drink company *exclusive to South Korea* act as a title sponsor for GSL for quite a few seasons. While it might have made a few ~~weeaboos (is there a Korean-obsessed equivalent of this word?)~~ koreaboos want to try Hot6ix, it hasn't really impacted their sales outside of Korea, because 1) Hot6ix isn't sold outside of Korea and 2) The SC2 scene represents a very, very small minority of potential non-KR consumers.
Did I say anything critical of women's rights?
"Mmm yeah Asmongold, shall I fondle your balls as well?"
&gt; don't be a cunt? ok, don't teach and learn to google without being an illegal employee from a first world country in a developing nation. Maybe you should learn to read the fucking subreddit rules.
Blizzard should have hired Greg Fields as their designer, not Dustin Browder or David Kim.
When Violentacrez had his real-life identity outed by Adrian Chen (which then resulted in him being harassed, nationally shamed on multiple news networks, and losing his job) a significant number of major subreddits initiated a boycott of all Gawker Media domains as a protest. I even recall a very brief admin-wide decision to block Gawker Media domains, which was short lived because [the press decided to spin the whole story to make the Reddit community look worse and portray them as 'protecting child porngraphy'.](http://www.thewire.com/technology/2012/10/redditors-stand-gawker-protect-child-pornography/57850/)
&gt; We absolutely do. I think many people severely underestimate how much content we read. We always appreciate when people put in the time and effort to write out detailed thoughts or opinions. &gt; While this is a new blog, we've seen many of these points brought up before and have discussed them with development. We know these requests are important to the community and we're always looking to make sure that hot topics such as these are given the appropriate amount of attention internally. &gt; With development ongoing for ~~Legacy of the Void~~ Funorb, there are still a lot of discussions taking place. As such, we may not be able to jump into topics with definitive answers on feature requests, but we still want to let you know that the request is heard and will be discussed.
In my opinion, they should rework Snipe into an ability very similar to Nova's Heroic ability in Heroes.
Neverwinter is an ORPG and lacks massively multiplayer elements except in the capital cities. Almost all of the game is instanced much like Guild Wars. Marvel Heroes is an ARPG. I mean we don't class Diablo III as an MMO do we?
And face a bigger backlash than December 10th 2007? Not the greatest of ideas...
^[citation_needed]
Private Kim Yong-Ho rushed into General Lee Song-Ra's office in a hurry. "Sir, I'm back from my reconnaissance assignment. You *have* to see this" he exclaimed. "This had better be important!" the general shouted, offended that his subordinate had broken military protocol and stormed straight into his private quarters. "Believe me, I've stumbled upon the discovery of the century." He placed the laptop - a top-of-the-range custom-built Samsung notebook issued by the South Korean armed forces - on top of the general's desk and folded the device out. He booted up a 3D map, running on bespoke military software. Surveying the map briefly, General Lee seemed unimpressed. "This is what you barged into my office for? A simulation of North Korea?" "Yes, this is North Korea, or at least what we see of it", replied Private Kim, panning the camera downwards until it ended up clipping through the terrain of South Pyongan, situated north of Pyongyang. "But look below the surface and you will find something mind-boggling!" General Lee gasped. "A massive bunker network? Inside North Korea?" "That's what they want you to think" explained Private Kim, as he moved the camera deeper into the underground network. "This isn't a bunker at all. This is an underground metropolis, and a very well-decorated one at that." "You see those floors?" he asked, pointing towards the floors of the long, twisting corridors of the Korean Metropolis. "Those are paved with marble." "And if you went towards the centre of this huge metropolis" Private Kim elaborated, panning the camera several dozen miles north-east into South Hamgyong, "then you will find their source of power. Geothermal energy. The cause of all these earthquakes. That means it's not nuclear tests they were runni..." The general stopped his subordinate and picked up the laptop. "That will do. What you found today, Mr Yong-Ho, will change our understanding of our neighbours for decades to come. Good work" The general then paused as he was about to step out of the office. "Can you do me a single favour though?" "Yes, sir!" General Lee pulled out a revolver, and in a single motion of his right arm, shot Private Kim in the forehead. The bullet wound killed the Private instantly, and dropped his lifeless corpse to the floor. "Don't speak about this to anyone!"
[I CAN'T WAIT TO BOMB SOME DODONGOS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sj8_7OFK0oc)
My prediction is this. Automated technology is either in development or already in existence, albeit in an expensive capacity. I predict these technologies will become cheap to implement and widely available to businesses and consumers within the next ten to twenty years - depending on regulations. As a result, certain industries (such as manufacturing and transportation) will downsize considerably, replacing the vast majority of their employees with machines. Three such technologies that I think will symbolise the Automatic Age are the 3D printer, the self-driving car, and self-learning robots and I honestly believe these three alone will outperform humans to the point where jobs will disappear in droves. Due to the knock-on effect this will have, I foresee a worldwide job crisis with many careers disappearing and governments having to pick up the pieces with welfare budgets that have already been cut and stretched to their absolute limits thanks to the current trend towards austerity. With hundreds of millions losing their jobs and our 'will-work-for-food' mentality, this can only lead to one thing. Revolts. When revolts come into play - and the possibility of a global chemical, biological or even nuclear class war breaking out, depending on the corporate and political response towards said revolts - the results are going to be disastrous. Is there anyone that has done any thorough research into the possible effects that automation will have on the global economy? If not, is there room for that, because I might want to look into this field.
I think it's very plausible, considering the fact that Earthbound Beginnings just came out of the fucking blue.
Well we got a Mother announcement from Nintendo earlier. Anything's possible.
To make such a big teaser and hyping up several announcements, while playing a remix of Frog's Theme from Chrono Trigger must mean something... My guess is at least one of the three announcements: * A next-gen remake of Chrono Trigger for PS4 and Xbox One with a graphical style very similar to Dragon Quest VIII. * A Chrono Trigger anime produced by Akira Toriyama and Toei Animation * A next-gen remake of a Final Fantasy game. Most likely VII or IX.
As hugely significant as a Final Fantasy VII HD remake is and as much as Sony and Square-Enix have already won E3 with this one announcement, this is probably not everything Square Enix have planned. Yesterday, they made a load of big teasers in a [E3 2015 hype trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrSH2wKh6ys) whilst playing a remix of Frog's Theme from Chrono Trigger. I'm predicting a Chrono Trigger related announcement (either the long-rumoured Chrono Break, or remakes of either Chrono Trigger or Chrono Cross) that, if Square-Enix deliver upon, will make the show floor implode with such brute force that it opens a black hole, swallowing up the Anaheim Convention Centre. I'm also predicting a PS4/XB1 announcement and release of Kingdom Hearts 1.5 and 2.5 HD ReMIX and a release date for Kingdom Hearts III.
&gt; Developer: Robomodo [It's gonna be shit.](/spoiler) No seriously, have Robomodo ever made a *good* game? If Activision had any sense, they'd put Neversoft on this shit.
I've seen Avilo play bio before on stream. He doesn't even micro his units.
I'd argue that FFIX and FFX beat that goal. You could even count the original Kingdom Hearts in that list.
I would. I love Halo but going from Microsoft to Sony in this generation has hampered my ability to enjoy the games from Reach onwards.
You know, controllers cost less than most mechanical keyboards these days. You could buy an Xbox 360 or Xbox One controller for your PC for less than a Steelseries 7G or Razer Blackwidow.
It was due to a trademark infringement, which was resolved by the time Dinosaur Planet was released, which is why Lylat Wars was rereleased as Star Fox 64 3D
Microsoft could have just gone the Riot Games route and sank a metric fucktonne of cash into their own esports league.
Amiibo is the worst idea ever and it saddens me that they represent Nintendo's future plans and are selling so well. It's a testament to how Nintendo take ideas from companies advertising kids toys. I mean the Wii U looks like something designed by VTech and the Amiibo are clearly a knockoff of Skylanders and Disney Infinity toys.
The graphics don't seem to reflect that...
The Bard would be the greatest thing to ever happen to WoW, actually. A new, unique, playable class that doesn't operate on the same, homogenized, boring abilities but rather plays like an in-WoW version of Guitar Hero? Yes please. And by boring abilities, think about the fact that almost every single class has the following: 1. Standard, dull, 100% damage cookie cutter ability that you spam when you have nothing else to press. Usually gives secondary resources. (i.e. Crusader Strike, Incincerate, Shadowbolt, Frostbolt, Fireball, Judgement, Steady Shot, etc.) Sometimes comes in multi-target variant (i.e. Hammer of the Righteous). 2. Hard-hitting, boring-as-fuck, 250 - 300% damage ability that consumes secondary resources (i.e. Soul Fire, Templar's Verdict, Shield of the Righteous) 3. Monotonous damage-over-time debuff (i.e. Curse of Agony, Shadow Word: Pain, Black Arrow, Rend) 4. Unimaginative instant ability that can be cast cooldown and resource free on a asinine ppm-based proc (i.e. Templar's Verdict, Aimed Shot, Colossus Smash, Overpower, Avenger's Shield, etc)
"Weren't D-Ream shit!"
That notion is still alive with the baby boomer generation.
*Ladies come, ladies go, I'm a revolving door. Some ladies never come back, most come back for more.* Yeah, nowadays they look like a bunch of sleazy manwhores.
