Huh. Self-funded? Wow, but distributed by Paramount...
&gt; he used to read Flash comics when he was younger and was a big fan. Nothing I love to see more than this. :) Like Capaldi and Tennant.
A lot
omg wait no I remember. I talked to you already! xD
&gt;"That was a good talk!" &gt;"No it wasn't!" I actually loved that.
Oh man I can't believe I forgot this episode's villain was the Ginger Ninja.
NO TOUCHING!
OP DON'T MOUSE OVER THE SPOILER IN THIS COMMENT, AOS SPOILERS &gt; How was Ultron created Oh damn I just realised they show you [Raina's vision of Loki's staff in the episode before AoU](/spoiler)
It isn't known this time. :(
This is one of the most true comments here
Eh. I still think it's implausible.
[Meanwhile in the Person of Interest writers room next door...](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CGH2Ww0UsAETZWF.jpg)
Lyla is probably the breadwinner of the household. ARGUS work can't be cheap
I am 100% sure he did nothing but work for his people to get that high. He kept his peas out of his rice apparently.
AOS spoilers: [](#s "After S.H.I.E.L.D. disbanded, there was a ship that Fury had orders to destroy, with all the agents on it. Bobbi Morse aka Mockingbird and Agent Gonzales made the call to disobey Fury's orders and they formed a new S.H.I.E.L.D.. Meanwhile, Fury gave Coulson a "toolbox" to work with to help him operate S.H.I.E.L.D. secretly. So that was what Coulson was doing until he found out about the rival S.H.I.E.L.D. faction and they started to spar especially over Skye aka Quake and her powers. In the end, the two factions had to end up joining because of the threat of the Inhumans. Oh. And Coulson and Agent Koenig played by Patton Oswalt were the 'old friends Fury referred to in AoU who gave him the helicarrier.")
IT'S HAPPENING! I reaaaaaally wanna be early for this one because I'm from the same country Jack Warner is from and have a few relevant questions for once
&gt; your brother's step-uncle's neighbor Wouldn't that also be your step uncle's neighbour?
I love this idea because Kate Bishop.
I'd say that's not a coincidence at all, no.
Yeah. I think so too. He committed mass genocide in Hong Kong... why exactly? ...in fact, that's totally not surprising at all. I could see that happening in real life
Well. Now we have [HOUND](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/38fdyl/this_is_insane/).
Yo. Note 4?
No. Ugh. Jesus. You missed my point completely. I was trying to say these synopses give me belly laughs like those comedies do.
I loved S3 in general so whatevs, bro
Do you think it was coincidence that the Russians in Daredevil were named Vladimir and Anatoly? Lol. But seriously. Gotta see Anatoly come back to Arrow. And we most likely will, since the next thing we'll see is probably Oliver join the Russian mob.
Chalk up Rochev being there to Early Installment Weirdness. There was also a name on the list that ended up being a metahuman in Central City.
They're using 4chan and Tumblr and complaining when they find content stolen from Reddit.
Or an episode of a procedural show... WHOA, IS BARRY ON THE PLANE?
yes
&gt;Don't like But yeah that scene was great and everyone in the theatre laughed when he made that self-assuring face like "yeah. I'm badass"
Pity upvote. :P
Someone posted in /r/Arrow (or /r/flashtv) that Jaden was cast as Static Shock and literally all the article said was that Tyler James Williams (who is awesome btw) said Jaden might make a good Static. But people didn't read the article and started freaking out anyway
Nope. Hayley is older. By about 2 months lol EDIT: I'm an idiot
Eh. Tried to make a bad joke. He's the uncle of the [Hobgoblin](/spoiler). And he's a character we know is gonna stay dead. Oh well.
Ugh. I know you aren't trying to be rude or offensive, but that was rude/offensive. You should work on that.
Wow, we'd have almost all the likeable characters involved in the political story on one side.
We're not gonna miss you, lol
I was born via C section (suck it, Macbeth) and I am extremely close to my mom. No way was it done because of any kind of ulterior motive. I guess maybe they showed it that way because they didn't really want to humanize her mom and I understand why.
Wow, I never thought of comparing them and scoffed when OP said they have a similar look but this... wow
&gt; he acknowledges it in his current tweets ....how
It's a beautiful name, yes!
She's 16.
No, that would still be cool.
Can you PM what it is?
I had to Google that.
So no Don Cheadle?
Eh. That's pretty risky honestly. I think Sun is gonna get out of prison via some kind of legit means. Maybe nearer the end of Season 2.
Lito's story was basically a Mexican action film, Kala's was a Bollywood love story, Capheus' was a Kenyan action film, Will and Nomi were basically in a conspiracy movie. Like you said, Sun is straight out of LMN just with a different setting. Wolfgang was in a mafia movie... in Germany. In the end, Riley's story is the hardest to define.
Oh God if this guy does an AMA for... Expendables 4 (?) he is so screwed
They have good shows
