This game is just another ff7 spinoff undercover, just watch!!
the fact they have kept Omnishlash unreleased so far, should tell us they have large plans for him. Omnishlash V5 from AC is also popular, so I wouldn't be surprised if he gets Omnishash 1 through 5 in different relics!!
you act as if they wouldn't!
lol it took them a crazy amount of time to get DR ready and ofc it was bugged as heck. And there's still a ton of unsolved bugs that they couldn't patch before releasing yet another bugged hero.
my characters are Ms Marvel (costume), Spidey (ANAD costume), Venom (no costume yet). I manage to wipe everything pretty easily with Cap Marvel and if she is in a bad situation venom usually does the job as he seems pretty tanky and rarely gets badly damaged
Dragoon's Determination is also a massive damage boost. So there's literally no reason to use it on this fight though
I actually got 40 instead of 30 for the lower package, so that was interesting. That said, I have no clue why they wouldn't just give people the advertised amount? Is not like they corrected it right away or a day after... they corrected it today when they were supposed to send them
hopefully something that overall boosts her but also gives her an edge vs her current weaknes... physical
Huh? I said "Wasn't that prominent" it's not the same as calling him unimportant, specially when I said OTHERS were MORE prominent. Don't get all salty just because your fave isn't someones favorite
oh boy now you don't get sarcasm. Just go argue with someone else, your attempts at demeaning while you yourself lack English understanding are hilarious
you are so fragile, perhaps you should get off the internet!
The person didn't play V1, where the characters storylines were being talked about. The person continued to 'pick apart' my sentences by gathering their own meaning out of them when the whole post was an innocent inquiry in how a certain character got in before others who are perceived as more popular. Not once did I state my opinions as facts, and in fact gave proof as to the perceived popularity of other characters due to game's story/updates/etc. And not once did I resort to insults like you or them did, so how am I being a 'condescending ass'. But forget it, this went long enough. I can't wait to see who the 3rd ff14 is, as I play the game, I can't wait to play with a character from the game!
Well Gazillion is not very good at damage control, or squashing bugs
I think they will link him to all the Hulks, Antman, Iron Man, Miles/Gwen/Silk for the 'new hero' type of thing, since this game seems to follow the MCU a lot, an Ultron connection wouldn't surprise me either.
good. I watsed x15 trying for another pull on Lightning's banner after the x50 and ofc got nothing. This makes me feel less bad about it and the savings till SSSB begin now :(
I did, 8 uses has been enough for me. Specially since I usually use Tyro as whm with Wall
Alot of bugged characters, still not fixes for many of them
so are they patching tomorrow? or when do people think?
what is this repeat stage 2 thing? :O
1400 crystals and some more incoming through the stash. I hope I can buy Loki's and maybe Angela's if it turns out good. Only have Loki rank 4 so Also want some bios for him (her!)
100 gem got me... 5* Seed Uniform wtf! hahaha
good, I had no idea if I was picking Jessica or Sif
her other uni also has a bonus, with +7 sec to the skill so +4 more
Cap Marvel's uniforms got +Skill time for her new 6* skill, +7 for Carol Corps and +4 for Ms Marvel
It seems to be an issue with the Facebook link, if you go to the Future Fight APP PAGE on Facebook and click 'remove' (You can do it on your PC), the game will allow you to log in
Probably because it takes 40 to 'unlock him' as he is a 3* minimum, they don't wanna give you more than you 'need' xP
I find Cap Marvel great fun, and even if you are 60 bios in you can always use them for gear. Other than that I'd go for Silk/Hulkbuster. The 6* Hulkbuster skill is pretty fun, and Silk is pretty good. If you have the new costume or willing to get it, Angela is also a great fun character
I'm also not sure about the 4th gear. But right now I have Stark Backing and it seems to work well on her
Smart Racoon and her 6* don't play well with each other, aka they get replaced by each other
honestly I don't think so, it would require too much micro management in keeping an eye for procs plus you might need the skill before. And a healing ISO isn't too bad, she still takes a lot of damage vs physical, and shields don't play well with her passive so I find her options a bit limited now. But not in a bad way, since the 6* is very good
Only ~some~ U+ bosses. All U bosses are still weak to it. But it is a specific thing, ie: It's great for Beatrix but you could also team retaliate her Drainga has its uses on some fights to help with healing while doing good damage, and it also hits the dark weakness for the very few fights that are weak to it. Bioga helps with poison and is rarely resisted so it's another good option. Sadly I find that Blizzaja tends to be resisted more often than Waterja, and in face when things are weak to ice they tend to also be weak to water.
Quel did and it also got a dmg boost, so I'd argue it's a pretty good summon. If you can't hone Baha, definitly better to do Quel + either Maduin or Vale
I like this, even though your Dismissals are pretty high, it doesn't proc enough to call this a dismissal strategy. I didn't think of Reflect on his Cura as my highest hones are magic based, but I'll give it a shot
I believe Marvel has to approve pretty much anything, at least that is what it is like with other Marvel games, so even describing the Uniform/where it comes from etc would need to be approved and that likely takes more time.
Spiderman 2099 is a different character, if they added Miles they could add Miguel too. And people are throwing out ideas of Amadeus Cho for Iron Spider, so who knows!
Its happening a lot today to me
There isn't much use for Flare right now, and even i fit was unless you could hone it to like R3 I wouldn't even bother
I would say at least get Loki's given his current state. The others are more about what you like. But given Loki's flexibility, boosting him and granting him access to female battles is just too good to pass
I would say it is. 2016 relaunch was supposed to be this big thing that has been in the works for over a year, and yet now half of it is delayed and the other half showcases how rushed it all is. Makes you wonder what they were actually doing when they were supposedly working on this content such as DP's review and Black Cat. Bugs on live still persist and they seem unable to handle different things at a time, ie: fix old bugs and push new content (even if it's on the form of a character), and yet all they do is introduce even more bugs. So unless they get things under control I doubt that most of the people who have stopped playing will come back. The game is becoming very stale and the resuse of hero abilities, environments and mechanics is becoming even more apparent.
terrible money grab. Couldn't even use the opportunity to create new models for both characters/these costumes, and the enemies that they have "been working on for over year"
Nice, in 14 days I can get Kingpin to 5 star and then with the 6* tix I could get him to 6*
nop :( I would love to get Shehulk/Angela or Silk to 5*, but idk if I will be able to buy bios for any of them. Angela is 4*, like 70 shy to 5*. And Shehulk/Silk are 3* but I can't afford x2 of their sales to get them to 5*, so I was thinking instead using the crystals for Kingpin's costume
FFT's banner is also packed, unlike these banners that either split the relics into different chars per banner or put new char's relic1 on 1st banner and relic2 on 2nd banner, Both of the FFT's chars get their x3 relics on ONE banner. So x6 character relics on one banner. And of course one of them is Scream. The others aren't bad either, such as a 40% Hp heal that also gives protect. To be honest, I'm pretty much on the same boat as you. My ff9 synergy is lacking, and I have native wall. While I also have AoE heal, the relics in this banner are good and tempting. BUT I will try my luck vs Beatrix and see how I fair without, if I at least manage to beat her then I won't pull. The next FF9 Even has really good stuff too
Sure! But also keep in mind taste, if you like the characters then go ahead. But the Freya event was already translated and therefor not too far away, and that one has a bunch of SSBs plus the very good Garnet's SSB. So that was what made me feel like waiting instead.
Did you claim it from Inbox fist and then check consumable on inventory? if it isnt there and you lost crystals then definitely send a ticket to support
It's a very good deal if you manage to buy the package, but as mentioned by others, you must be rank 4 to be able to use it.
Just make it Knight 4 DeNa harharhar
How many reta uses? max reta on all?
thx a lot I will give this shot!
higher chance to get speed bios from daily chest I'm guessing is what they are referring to
