I'm trying to picture what defiantly joining a game would look like.
But it's in the Gem Store for the same price. Edit: You can buy it through the gem store interface, but may not use gems.
But what happens to the people that are buying this pre-order right now that own the base game? Will they be refunded?
Yeah, I'm in the same spot, I don't want to pay for more than I am getting.
But this doesn't feel fair to anyone that has the game already. New players essentially get the base game for free.
No it is priced in dollars and is just for you connivence. (you already have your credit card in the gem store if you have bought anything) But no, gems you currently have can not be used for the preorder.
No, of course not, but to say "here's the game+plus expansion for $50, but if you already own the game... $50" Does that sound fair?
Sorry, I should of clarified. Thank you for that.
I suppose that is a fair point, I just personally disagree with a business model like that. I can see both sides of the argument though. Edit: I would also like to quote part of the HoT faq: "Q: Do I have to own Guild Wars 2 to play the expansion? A: Yes. Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns is an expansion to Guild Wars 2 and not a stand-alone campaign, and therefore it requires the base game to play." This seems to imply someone should buy the game before hand. So what about people that just bought it a few days ago? Should they get a refund?
But now everyone bought it three years ago. What if you bought it yesterday at full price and than are told today that you could have saved that money?
We can only hope.
Just to build on that, it seemed clear that there will be a leaderboard of some sort.
Spend them while you can?
Just to answer a few things: 1. HoT does not have 3 maps or zones or whatever. Verdant Brink (the first single map we enter in the expansion will have 3 distinct layers- the recent beta event showed half of one of those layers) So HoT will have an unknown number of maps- ANet has not said how many. Guild halls will occur somewhere as large instances. Don't worry the expansion will be plenty big. 2. No info on arena specifics, but there has been more info through an interview. I will grab the link. Edit: [here is the link](http://www.zam.com/story.html?story=36174)
They have confirmed that they will be instances. [source](http://www.zam.com/story.html?story=36174)
I really look forward to fighting a guild hall full of mordrem on my own. I'll make my own challenging content!
Actually it's like buying a car with five steering wheels, but you have to pay a bit more for access to a sixth steering wheel that was advertised heavily.
You got to play the game for the last however long with no subscription fee.
Not replying? If you aren't buying HoT, you don't have anything to discuss.
Only two? You realize that people have to sit down and create these things right? How many were you expecting?
I believe they have said that not all the new legendaries will be available at the launch of HoT and I think they are going to be focusing on the weapons that currently have a "joke" legendary. (such as short bow)
Hence the quotes.
This is most likely one of the first weapons that will get a second legendary.
Not that we know of.
From Guild Halls: Taken From the Enemy blog post: &gt;While the Initiative Headquarters is not a full guild hall, it will provide access to existing features that we’re moving out of the guild panel for those guilds that do not upgrade to the expansion.
I'm sure it will reappear next wintersday. It would be unusual for them to offer one eater at any time (you might have to buy living story season 2 but it is still possible to get whenever you want) and only offer one as a one time deal. Just six short months to go!
That's about 8-10 silverwastes chest farm loops. You could get those back in no time.
Correct, and I don't know how the guild bank will be handled. I was simply providing a source.
[Highly relevant](http://images.mmorpg.com/features/7215/images/volunteer%20comic.jpg)
Guild Halls will be locked, and those that don't purchase HoT will use the new Guild building in Lion's Arch. This building will not have the features of a guild hall, just NPCs so all guilds can stay on even footing. (there won't be a Tavern but there will be the Tavern NPC, etc.)
No official word, but it would be reasonable to assume they will end when HoT is released. Since the pre-purchase is now how new players buy the core game, I don't see them pulling the pre-purchase at any time. Also, once HoT is out the price and packages (deluxe, ultimate) will be the same, but you will have missed beta weekends and the chance to get the title.
[From the wiki](http://wiki.guildwars2.com/images/5/51/Mist_Herald_Back_Item_Skin.jpg)
Overcast reference? Or am I missing something by not hosting one?
Happy birthday! I suppose my advice would be to take the time to read a physical book, any sort will do. (even a comic book) And take care of summer homework now, it's far more satisfying.
Have a level 80, go to the silverwastes, do events to earn bandit crests, buy keys from the vendor in camp resolve, look in the lfg tool (hit y and go to the second tab down) for a chest train group, "join in the silverwastes", follow commander, press f to loot, repeat. (this isn't the best explanation but I'm on mobile)
You're going to have to change your password as well, just as a heads up.
I have 3 and a personal guild with the first and second upgrades. This gives me 90 slots for account bound items (my bank) and 150 slots for non-account bound items (guild bank) such as materials or tonics.
OP also suggested making them a crafting material.
Which pre-purchase 'tier' did you get?
I guess look at what gives xp, and find the cheapest option.
If you feel like this is a bug, make a bug report.
Dying of the Light is a sci fi book.
The answer is t6 mats if you are trying to convert to gold or make a legendary.
Are EU players able to join NA guilds or vice versa?
I'm guessing instantly.
Noir Edit: I should mention that it's more important that you enjoy your writing than it is to follow what others want.
A longer format (the Americapox video is another longer one), that goes more in-depth on the topic and also relies more on actual video footage than his usual animated style.
Given that the Nordic countries are in the top 10 of the [Democracy Index](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index), I'm not sure anyone could seriously say it isn't working. Still an interesting question though.
I believe he usually uses reddit, but I think he has blocked the site from his computer for the most part, so probably no where at the moment. (see [dialing down](http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/dialing-down)) He did once mention that he was interesting in following http://fivethirtyeight.com/since it was created by Nate Silver, so it would be interesting to see what his thoughts are now.
Happy cake day!
