I got an hour and a half of sleep last night. I'm not sure if I want to die or if I want everyone else to die, but one of those things.
Can we pause for a moment to recognize how dynamite the acting is in this gif. Cry/smiling is hard to pull off when it's genuine, let alone when it's simulated.
Yep, I would think so.
Times of year I am typically this excited: Start of football season Beating UGA in anything
Yeah, I'm actually cool with them keeping the Skyrim engine. Modders are comfortable with it, should make for an explosive mod arena in the months after release.
Who gives a shit about graphics? Companies dumping all their dev budget into pretty images is what's killing games. Spend it on writing and area design and etc, you get a better game. Besides which, plenty of people enjoyed 3, so I guess what I'm saying is you're entitled to your opinion but also shut up?
USS Constitution.
I was making a joke, man. Don't read so much into it.
Yeah, the sign actually looks like it says "bank," so I dunno what's up there. Guessing this was either constructed as a drydock or something happened (rocket test?) that literally blew it out of the water.
If you ever get the chance to drive around Vegas after playing NV, definitely do so. The strip/city itself isn't too accurate - the real world streets are wider, buildings taller and more densely packed, but the area around Vegas is actually remarkably well displayed in the game - Primm, the location of Boulder Springs, the Dam, the general geography. Was a fun trip for a nerd like me.
*yet
Because comedians are a really valid and valuable source for backing up an argument.
Send the PCs on a quest for the Lost Orb of Phanastacoria, see how they like it.
Fitting then, that Honest Hearts is one of my favorite experiences in that game. I feel it was woefully underrated by most.
Oh! You're totally right, I misread. Well then, maybe I just have bad taste. HH was great though. OWB was better, but I still like wandering about the HH terrain/interacting with the tribes.
Similarly, folks that act like hallucinogens are the gateway to god/brilliance/etc.
This comment made my skin crawl.
Are you talking about the shirt guy? The European one? In no way affiliated with NASA? Or is there some other thing?
Surely they are the ones that downvoted Sporkicide to negative 2500 and everybody in this comment thread to 40+
Could we not have this circlejerk in here, maybe?
I'm guessing the fire would have assisted in operating a boiler, which would power a steam-driven robot.
Where's my "are you fucking kidding me" gif... I know I left it here somewhere.
* Boners of Boston * Manbits of Massachusetts
&gt;Use item Jump Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Equip Amulet of Slowfall Use Item Land safely in Ald'Ruhn For real, though, despite how poorly Morrowind handled this kind of rapid overland movement (due to tech limitations), it really made the game more fun. It's a shame the more modern TES games haven't followed suit.
If the Midwestern Brotherhood is in the game and Tactics becomes more than fringe canon, NMA is going to *flip the fuck out and it's going to be hilarious*.
Given that we have no idea if pre-orders will come back up, if it doesn't get resolved I'll happily buy that second copy off of you ;)
I'm still hoping (well, ok, "hoping") that Boners of Boston catches on.
^nothing ^at ^all ^^nothing ^^at ^^all
Agree. I just start to feel bad for the kids on the field past a point.
[How can you read this and not love the band](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanford_Band#Controversial_actions_by_the_band)?
What's wrong with Erin?
Oh fitzy
What? We had a rough year, but if you think we're worse than maybe 16-17, you're deluded.
And now I can begin drinking for reasons that don't involve football. See you beautiful bastards in a few months.
sweet woof woof
what
Pathfinder zombie apocalypse. Actually got off to a really good start, but for a variety of real world reasons it failed. I don't want to get into too many details unless people are really interested, but I was super pumped for it and I still regret it never happening.
I mean listen, as a Bills fan I'm of course obligated to hate them because of the '90s, but right now it's more of a Greg Hardy/Jerry Jones hate, to be honest with you.
I don't think Hollywood is gonna go for it, too risky.
Probably Rodak. \#fuckRodak edit: oh analysts, not reporters. whatever, fuck rodak anyway
As far as I'm concerned, this settlement is useless until some mod or patch reduces the frequency of fucking bugs spawning in the area. Nothing like fast traveling to the boathouse and immediately having some asshole settler draw fifteen bloodbugs down on your ass.
You can't even make this shit up.
Bel Air Bills? Shit only if we get to dress up in Fresh Prince themed clothes basically 24/7.
Yes. While OP can probably get around this by shooting a Vine with her spouse, there's a lot of other "I have a two because my mom jerked off Kevin Bacon" style comments that don't count.
Hahaha, yes please and thank you.
Oh God, I get chills just thinking about how awful that combination is.
This has happened to me before as well, and it is indeed scary as hell. The last time it happened (and the last time it will happen, it's hotels or rest stop naps for me from now until forever), I woke up the next morning to discover that the gate to my apartment complex had been driven through and destroyed, and I had *no idea if it was me that did it*. Turns out it was some idiot getting cocky with a moving van, but to just *not remember* bits of my driving a 4 wheeled death machine was a bit terrifying.
Automocars.
Rudy was offsides!
Similarly, my chin beard hair (between jawline and lower lip) is all fucking blonde for some reason. Rest of my beard? Reddish brown. So it looks like I have this giant empty patch, when actually there's hair there but you can't *see* it. I guess I don't really need makeup, but rather beard dye, but where the fuck do you get hair dye for men? It's all targeted at old balding dudes.
