I don't see anything in that video that doesn't look like basketball... Other than the white people and short shorts.
Dude Melo was the first option on the friggin olympic team. He might be the best first option in the league, up there with KD. That's never been the knock against him.
Ah, I got what you mean. I think he can be the best player but needs to be surrounded with some really good talent.
Originally they had a ton of unsold ad inventory so they inserted charity's ads so they could claim a certain amount as a tax break.
I think the 8th seed Knicks in 99 were a better David vs Goliath experience, particularly since we were missing our hall of fame center.
He said in a post game interview that he uses some kind of special beard oil.
&gt; Lineup data showed throughout the season that the two point guard lineups that had dominated in 12/13 continued to dominate in 13/14, but Woodson refused to go to them. With what point guards? "Facing divorce and felony gun possession/mid-life crisis obesity" Felton and Prigioni? Get real, dude. The two guard lineup only worked because we had Kidd and a healthy Felton, neither of which we had in 13/14.
134 minutes over an 82 game season is a comically low sample size. But I appreciate the sources and facts. Upvote.
It's an old Orson Welles technique.
Komazawa Park is where you wanna go. Usually only 5-10 people (not highly skilled) playing on weekend mornings.
Go to the rooftop "beer garden" of restaurants and bars across the street from the inner Kabukicho Hub. It's a blast and perfect to accommodate you.
What's not authentic about KFC? It's just standard fried chicken.
It's izakaya style, yeah. And tons of different restaurants. It gets pretty crazy in there.
To be fair, JR or Shump make one more shot and the cavs win. Kerr is playing a very dangerous strategy.
Very hard to get a visa without a degree. Stay in school and maybe try to study abroad.
4 years, dude.
I think Dirk is a more impressive player than Barkley.
Nope. I'm older than most and can remember watching Jordan's threepeats and Barcelona. Barkley wasn't a true first option imo. It's a major reason why his shooting percentages are elevated.
I think what [Madison Bumgarner did in the World Series last year](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madison_Bumgarner#Baseball_records_and_accomplishments) would be equally as impressive.
Not from the post.
He would be killer on this gsw team as a backup for Klay. Holy shit, I kinda wanna see that happen.
Examples?
He turned Wall into an even cockier stud than he was (and he can back it up).
Eh a lot of people here did the same for Atlanta.
Because anything in the 60s is bad.
Bridgeport too.
He did it for Lin.
Bro, it's literally impossible to be a kings bandwagoner.
We already have bargs.
Did Wiggins retire?
Bernard King might be the greatest scoring Knick of all time.
He reminds me a lot of Hakeem on offense and we all know how well he aged.
If you guys had the same history at the highest level of sports as Boston and LA, you'd understand. It's about mutual respect for greatness. Jeter had the same sentiment towards the Red Sox.
That vaunted Nets/Cavaliers rivalry.
Please don't be snarky about barely beating a non-playoff team. Have some class, dude. You're champs now.
Why not just write "new years"?
Why? Kyrie is a perpetual injury risk. Seems fair to me.
Doesn't the starkiller weapon go faster than light? Seems that's possible in the canon universe now.
It wasn't really all that newsworthy in Japan. Source: I live here.
G-sync/Free-sync probably affect it too.
G-sync is expensive and people are buying smaller monitors for that reason. Also PC gaming is growing and lots of people signed up for Steam accounts for the first time in 2015. NVIDIA has really upped their "entry level" card pricing too.
DVD sets are likely to rise in price as they move towards being niche products.
Same in Japanese.
So true. Like, "BRB gonna slam a couple brewskies before heading out." You're thinking 2 sounds good, but who knows - maybe it'll end up being three or four or eleven. Shit happens.
&gt; I don't buy that he simply did not notice or sense that his mentor actually possessed little to no force power. The entire Jedi council spent tons of time next to Palpatine without realizing he was a Sith, so anything is possible.
Japanese kids aren't under pressure to be "the best." They are under pressure to get into a good school and become one of millions of salarymen. It's a big difference. I am biased but I believe the US does it right. People are encouraged to chase their dreams.
In cat leagues he kinda sucks. Mediocre points/rebounds/threes and everything else can be found on the WW. He's absolutely not worth stashing in cat leagues, unless you're in a 14+ team league IMO.
Kyrie is in the same class.
I am gonna try out Ian Clark to stream Monday/Tuesday in his spot. Curry will probably sit those games and they played him 37 minutes tonight.
The injury happened from his collision with Barton, but it was still the cheapshot that caused it.
