"Hey Israel, Palestine, Iran, Iraq, y'all need to team up to defeat aliens from outer space that some people still don't believe are real." Yeah, I could see why that might not work.
I was so hoping he would walk to the ships. He's a fucking giant, who needs boats?
Jon and Sam explicitly discuss that dragonsteel is probably Valyrian steel, but they don't have anyway to confirm. Until now! Fucking confirmed!
"You're not my mother, [you're a SNORT!](http://www.natalieserber.com/sg_userfiles/b_IMG_5470.jpg)"
Dany did have a vision that she would marry a blue rose on a wall of ice. It's happening!
I was expecting him to do that for half the scene. Real reason? Probably very expensive and technically challenging to get it to look right with ththe water and everything.mplua no dramatic NK/Jon showdown.
[Ser Waymar Royce](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Waymar_Royce)
Hey, you asked who knew, and I answered! =)
Oh god. It was staring us in the face the whole time! Gendry has been rowing around in circles because his blacksmithing arm is stronger than his other!
&gt; Jon isn't going to stay dead. Dude, even Sam knows that. "Jon always comes back."
My biggest question: what would wildfire do?
I think the bigger question if he gets on the boat is, "how does he get on it without it tipping over?"
"Man, he keeps on hitting him. Rattleshirt is going to be pissed when this is [squish] ... oh. Is he dead? [pool of blood] Holy shit!"
To be fair, it made it a lot easier to keep track of people during the fight. Also, it made the final scene when they all stand up that much more impressive.
NW: "Lord Commander!" Jon: "Get her to the ship and come back for me!" NW: "You'll never mak-" Jon: "NOW!"
NW: "Lord Commander!" Jon: "Get her to the ship and come back for me!" NW: "You'll never mak-" Jon: "NOW!"
"You're not my mother, you're a SNORT!"
Quick check says I may have to eat crow. Catelyn I doesn't say it where I thought it did, only that Ice's name came from another sword during the Age of Heroes.
My bet is the "Previously On" for the last episode includes the Orell death scene to confirm/remind the theory, same as Jon getting Longclaw was the reminder this week.
That was my thought the whole time.
So... Cersei's face 100% of the time?
Catelyn I in GOT says VS Ice got its name from an ancestral sword named Ice from the Age of Heroes.
Who else would it be? His head looks like a crown! Or Darth Maul. But also a crown!
Yup. He even brings it up to Jon, and the conversation is something like: - Sam: I found one account of the Long Night that spoke of the last hero slaying Others with a blade of dragonsteel. - Jon: Dragonsteel? Could that be Valyrian steel? - Sam: That's what I thought too. - Jon: [something to the effect of hopefully we never have to find out. keep reading]
That's what I thought too. The Other had no idea what to do when he couldn't just toy with everyone. He made one huge swipe that Jon easily parried that exposed himself to a deadly counterattack.
I mean, if you've read the books you are already spoiled, so you might as well get amped up for the reveal that episode. Also, studies do show that people are more excited when they are spoiled. Even with things like GOT and ASOIAF, the most exciting moments are when your predictions/theories come true.
Exactly. Sam finds it, tell Jon, and they both immediately come to the same conclusion that dragonsteel is Valyrian steel. SearchAll! "dragonsteel"
Old Nan talks about them too!
It's also a great way to convey the coldness all the characters feel when the Walkers come around.
&gt; just him warging into Ghost while he *recovers*. For fuck's sake, we've even seen this near-exact thing once before. Who spent time in bed healing while his skinchanger powers and greendreams developed? Bran, back in AGOT. I've never considered the warging while healing aspect of it. That would make a lot of sense, especially if Jon's friends 'win' whatever battle break out and get his body to safety. Ghost could even help see to it that his body survives.
I don't see why D&amp;D care if word gets out that Jon survives. When the words "Jon always comes back" make it onto the show it's a good indication they *want* people to think Jon survives.
Night's King: "Ah, those were the days."
[The windows are always there.](http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120426034651/gameofthrones/images/4/43/LeaveHerFace.jpg)
&gt; They both realize he has king's blood Back up. Who says Mel knows Jon has king's blood? Aside from the fact that apparently everyone does.
If you want to talk about people who have no agency, lets start with GRRM's editor.
&gt; send Davos after Bran and/or Rickon I agree with you, but how? No one knows where Bran or Rickon went. Is Stannis just going to point Davos in a random direction and say good luck? Because that's how you end up wandering the Riverlands for two books without finding anything.
&gt; I only wonder what Sansa will do next season Littlefinger told Cersei he plans to march the Vale north to retake Winterfell and be named Warden of the North. While he was lying about his motivations, I think he was honest with his intentions. After all, you can cover up a small band traveling North, but you can't move an entire army up the King's Road without raising a few eyebrows. That would set up Sansa &amp; Littlefinger Part II, but this time Sansa will be pissed at him. Also, in terms of the overall story it will get another army close to the wall to help fight the Others.
&gt; the Pink Wedding makes me a bit uncomfortable... Think of it as Pink as in Bolton and in no other manner.
&gt; I thought they would just keep getting up unless they were burned. In the Jojen fight we saw them continue to fight despite being in various pieces, and last night lots of them came back despite arrows in their heads. I think it was partly for effect, and also because the camera kept shifting to different battles, disrupting continuity. Edit: and there was the whole bit where they jumped off the edge of a cliff, shook it off, and kept on going.
Ep 10 description includes "Stannis marches".
Ep. 10 description is "Stannis marches" after facing a "tough decision" in ep. 9. My bet is Ramsay just fucks up the camp, Mel says now is the time to burn Shireen, Stannis refuses. Then in ep. 10 he moves towards Winterfell, setting up next season.
&gt; They were not children in any meaningful way Aside from being young, small, and looking so similar to her own children people think they were her kids...
That's complete post-hoc bullshit. As of 2005, Brady was 9-0 in the playoffs. Since then he's been 12-8. That's still really good, but also way fucking worse than 9-0. Meanwhile, Elway started his playoff career 7-8, before finishing 7-0. Furthermore, "proven" Brady lost twice to completely unproven Eli in the Super Bowl. Past playoff performance is a terrible measure to judge future success. The sample size is way too small and the level of difficulty way too inconsistent to be of any use.
I just figured they are going to need as much of it as they can get. Even if they have 200 arrowheads, that's like one for every 5 NW/Wildling.
"Overwatch with a machete? Aye aye, commander."
I thought the 1 was a cooldown counter.
Hmmmm. That's true, I've never thought about it from that angle. This king's blood business is awfully convenient.
You can still teleport rockmen over there. It just takes a while. Of course, a firebomb is a pisspoor way to finish an unmanned ship off.
I thought during one shot they showed more than the original 4, but I may be wrong.
Right. Someone here had the excellent idea that the Vale replaces Manderly's betrayal of the Boltons. LF might even get enough guys inside the castle to open it to the rest of his forces and conquer it before Stannis even gets there!
