Looks good. The book is excellent.
If I'd known there was going to be a TV adaptation I would have bet by house that Peter Mullen would be involved. Wonder where it was filmed. Reading the book it always struck me as a combination of Inverness and Stonehaven.
Googled it: Macduff apparently.
No, me fucking myself didn't happen either.
Meow
&gt; anything to make the Scots sound like nutters egh? &gt; They could at least put a winky face up so we know they are joking. To be fair you do sound like a nutter here.
It's only £50k. It's not breaking the bank.
&gt;Scotland is in the EU. No it isn't. The UK is.
Why does it seem that way to you?
Its not that hot. Stop whinging.
No.
Perhaps, the two best players in the draw took each other to 5 sets and finished on Saturday. Meanwhile Stan has an easy match up against Tsonga and a full days rest.
The Tories have a mandate to govern the UK in It's entirety. The SNP had their chance to govern Scotland independently and they lost it. So no, the SNP do not have a mandate in this instance.
&gt;But Westminster isn't the only parliament in the UK any more. What that means is the Tories can't act as if it's 1979 and impose policies on Scotland that we clearly do not want. Actually they can.
Bizarre? I'm just taking your logic to its natural conclusion. Your argument was that wealthy people should get free prescriptions because they paid their taxes. Now your shifting the goal posts and saying it's because they're ill. So let's take winter fuel allowance. I need to heat my home just as much as the elderly and I pay my taxes, so why shouldn't I receive it? You'll say it's because I'm not elderly, and in doing so you've added another condition. It's not enough that I need to heat my home, I need to be elderly too. That's no different to me saying it shouldn't be enough just to be ill to receive free prescriptions, you should be in financial need too.
&gt;How many wealthy people do you think are getting prescriptions that they don't need? Is this a big problem, or a problem at all? What? I'm not suggesting they're getting prescriptions they don't need I'm suggesting they're getting prescriptions they can afford to pay for themselves. Money that could be better spent on pioneering cancer treatments for example is instead being divided into tiny sums to subsidise hemorrhoid cream for people who can well afford it.
I'm not convinced it is cheaper.
&gt;I said that you should not exclude people who pay their taxes from those who do not so everybody is equal. That is not what you said. What you said is that rich people deserved free prescriptions because they have paid taxes into the system. You said *"You expect these people to pay into the system but then they get absolutely nothing out despite paying the most?"* *"The less wealthy get free prescriptions, those who pay their taxes should too."* Whether or not you get free prescriptions should have nothing to do with how much tax you have paid. Just like winter fuel allowance, or job seekers allowance or all the other benefits I mentioned.
Yes I'd rather we spent money on red tape if it means freeing up a larger sum for important medical causes.
&gt;You're advocating bureaucracy for the sake of bureaucracy. No, I'm very clearly advocating bureaucracy for the sake of freeing up funds for more important medical treatments. If you want to argue that's not financially viable I'd love to see the data.
&gt;Again you are not actually addressing the fact that the wealthy do get ill as well. I'm not addressing it because it's irrelevant. You argued that the wealthy should get free prescriptions because they paid taxes. I'm arguing free prescriptions should not be based on how much tax you've paid.
No you *literally* said that the fact they paid their taxes was why they should also get free prescriptions. **"those who pay their taxes should too."** Free prescriptions should be awarded on the basis of financial need. Not taxes paid.
Where did you get the idea I was suggesting the rich would get prescriptions for no good reason?
The UK doesn't need to address the volatility of oil revenue. It's economy is big enough that the volatility isn't an issue. It was an independent Scotland that was under enormous risk from oil volatility. To the tune of 15% of its annual budget. The SNP did nothing to address that. The oil fund they proposed was pie in the sky. They were already spending the oil revenues to finance their annual budget, there wasn't going to be any left over for an oil fund.
Because that is not the problem that people are talking about when they talk about the volatility of oil, and it's not what an oil fund is set up for. The volatility of oil revenue is a problem because in a country like an independent Scotland where oil revenues pay for 15% of the annual budget, that budget can fluctuate wildly. Which means some years you can't pay for all your spending commitments. That's what an oil fund is for. You pay the oil revenues into that and then take out a consistent sum each year. It smooths out the flow. Oil revenues make up less than 1% of the UKs budget so it isn't subject to the same volatility and doesn't need an oil fund.
Oil and gas is *not* a "big part of UK revenue". It is a small part. Small enough that the volatility of oil prices has no spending implications for the UK government. An independent Scotland on the other hand would have to plug a massive hole in its budget. That is the difference.
Your question was related to an independent Scotland because you *responded to me* in a discussion I was having about why the UK didn't need an oil fund and an independent Scotland might. I've explained that to you now and you're trying to change the subject. I didn't say the oil industry was irrelevant to the UK I said it was small in a UK context. Stop taking everything so emotionally.
There's nothing subjective about what I'm saying. It's simple maths. The UK doesn't need an oil fund for the reasons I've explained previously.
It's entirely a question of semantics. You call Scotland a country and believe it is entitled to some electoral privileges. You don't call Shetland a country so you don't believe they're entitled to the same. Semantics.
It's semantics because you're concerned with the definition of the word country.
&gt;but there is a border between Scotland and rUK. They are separate. The "border" between Scotland and rUK isn't anymore real than the border between Shetland and Scotland. Neither exist in any real sense.
Yes. Shetland council. That's it. It doesn't matter because none of the things you mentioned make any difference to the legitimacy of a border. You are using your own definition of country and border and seem to be confused that those definitions don't hold any persuasive merit. It's just semantics.
&gt;it would be having input on foreign policy where it affects Scotland. If she wants input she can pick up the phone to DC. She doesn't need to be at the negotiating table.
&gt;Doesn't change the fact that that sovereignty is recognized independently from English sovereignty. You have misunderstood. It isn't.
Strange as Texas was an independent country more recently than Scotland was.
What was the difference?
No.
&gt;I know that Scotland never ceased to be a country (though it did cease to be a sovereign state). You don't know that because that is not an objectively true statement because you're using your own personal definition of "country". &gt;Semantics is literally about the meaning of words. If the meaning of words doesn't matter to you, It's not that the meaning of the word doesn't matter to me, it's that the meaning of the word doesn't matter constitutionally or legally. It is meaningless. &gt;Scotland doesn't have any "special status" over Yorkshire? Not in this context. Scotland doesn't have any special status with regards to EU negotiations over Yorkshire. You want it to because "Scotland is a country". But it doesn't.
Show me one of those definitions that doesn't also apply to Texas, or Yorkshire for that matter.
Yes there are secessionist movements in Texas just like Scotland and Yorkshire has a very strong sense of identity. I'm not arguing that my definition of country is right and yours is wrong. I'm arguing that the definition is irrelevant. Whatever status you think being a "country" confers doesn't exist in any real sense. It's just semantics.
The British constitution is formed of multiple *legal* documents. The claim of right has no legal or constitutional force whatsoever.
I don't keep avoiding anything. I've read back through your comments and you didn't ask me for my definition of country once. The answer is I don't have one definition of country. One definition doesn't exist. It depends on the context.
Asking me to google something isn't the same as asking my definition. But if I must; country (ˈkʌntrɪ) n, pl -tries 1. (Human Geography) a territory distinguished by its people, culture, language, geography, etc **2. (Government, Politics &amp; Diplomacy) an area of land distinguished by its political autonomy; state** Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged © HarperCollins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003 There's a definition of "country" Scotland doesn't fulfil. What a pointless exercise that was. Although I'd reiterate my original point that the definition is irrelevant.
There are no career politicians in the SNP of course. The SNP is special.
You don't need young people to outnumber the over-50s. Neither group is s block vote. You need enough young people to vote to make ignoring them too risky an electoral strategy.
Some people are going to be really cheesed off about this.
Guy tried to sell me a jacket outside the Windsor Buffet once. I suspected it might have been stolen because he was carrying it in a bin bag. So I declined. He was *incredulous*. "EH?! YOU DONT EVEN WANT TO TRY IT ON?!"
Is that Rush? Is it still called that?
They have busy diaries. Look it up.
That's a different argument to complaining about the cost.
