When you guys fire Crean, can you start an Indiana-Mizzou pipeline with Thomas Bryant? Thanks in advance.
The misuse of quotation marks in pointing out their spelling error doesn't reflect well on you.
Or just look at her eyes.
Compliance doesn't sell tickets.
In addition to that, even if you could "fix" them with counseling, they still have to live in the world with a body and mind that don't match, which means they'll always be some kind of an outcast. A trans woman with male anatomy trying to get fitted for new lingerie? Awkward. A trans man having to sit to pee? Also weird. Those small, daily reminders that you don't quite fit in basically ensure therapy will be a lifelong necessity for a lot of people. Yeah, they can love the body they have, but they can't make everyone else accept it and can't change that the world isn't designed for them. Surgery eliminates that.
Darrell Arthur says hi.
Aww, shucks. Roy didn't do anything that wasn't in the best interest for those kids. *sniff*
He knew exactly as much as he wanted to know.
There's a moment when you can see the treat up his sleeve. If the magic was lost, it was due to shitty magicians.
Am I the only one who thought LeBron's foot was on the line on his three to tie it at 96? I never saw a replay, but I would've loved to.
Really can't apply that to Marlo. He's more ambitious than that. More big picture. No, he's not a true suit-wearing businessman, but he lacks Avon's parochial view of his corners. He's more of a tyrannical amalgamation of the various pieces on the chess board, park Avon, part String and a dash of Prop Joe. Even part Greek.
Not that I'm disagreeing with your overall point, but why would you expect the LA Times to respond to a random person calling in about this?
Ordering a drink on a plane is not public speaking. Being nervous when talking to a large group of people is normal. Being nervous when engaging in a few seconds of one-on-one social interaction is not.
Or answering with "no, I played fine."
This is why LeBron will never match Jordan IMO.
I grew up in Missouri, so nothing resembling a local team to root for. I was a Sonics fan starting in the mid-’90s because I had an uncle who lived there and I thought he was cool. And Payton/Kemp were badasses. I was also a Magic fan because of Shaq/Penny. Around 2000, after those two duos split, I started following the Lakers (Shaq/Kobe; I have a soft spot for big dudes who try to kill the rim, especially when they play alongside a dynamic guard), but I still rooted for Seattle first (not that I had much access to their games in Missouri at the time). I did not follow the Sonics to OKC. Fuck the Thunder. I'm eagerly waiting the return of the NBA to Seattle. I'd hate to steal a team from another city…except Sacramento. They took the Kings from KC, which would have been my natural team growing up anyway. In the meantime, I'm still with the Lakers. But I also live in LA now, and they have two players on the roster from Mizzou, so it works out well for me. I also find myself casually rooting for teams with cool old-school style uniforms. Golden State, for example. A lot of teams are going to uniforms with that retro kinda feel, which is way better than the late '90s/early 2000s crap teams like Golden State and Seattle came up with.
Unless you're an environmental expert, there's just not much room to criticize here IMO. You're assuming they're downplaying a major issue because they have some interest in keeping tourist beaches open. Honestly, that seems a bit ridiculous to me. They have nothing to gain from shutting down a story about a major public health issue. In fact, they'd likely want to do the opposite. If they had credible sources confirming it was a public health risk but nothing was being done, they'd e all over that. That's the kind of story that can build a journalist's reputation and help a career take off. That's te kind of reporting that draws national attention to a publication and starts conversations about awards.
True, but Andy Lee took a step back last year. He's still good, but you have to wonder if he's still elite. A reliably above-average punter is valuable, but is it worth nearly $4 million on a team that's clearly rebuilding? I don't think so. Lee's value to the 49ers was far lower than what it was when he signed that contract.
It's possible those people in hazmat suits collected that tar from other beaches as a precaution then determined a broader beach closure was unnecessary at this time. I don't know the answer here, but I guarantee you there are several people at the Times who are all over it. A major newspaper isn't going to respond to every person who calls in, especially when it's relating to a major story they're already covering.
"I played fine." "So why did you lose?" "Because sometimes things don't go your way. We just need to keep playing our game and we'll be fine."
There are examples of players at every position failing in the NFL. That doesn't mean the Colts should've kept Manning in case Luck was a bust (an extreme example, I know). The truth is te 49ers ain't winning anything next year. That money can be better spent on players who will be part of the long-term future. There is a chance the rookie will blow, but there's also a chance he's really good and really cheap and becomes an essential part of the team for the next decade like Lee before him.
No kidding. A racehorse at top speed covers a lot of ground in two seconds.
Makes a link between Starks and WW seem more likely IMO.
A Skyrim-like game that depicted Robert's Rebellion…I'd buy that.
Gabbert … so goddamn painful. As a Mizzou fan, I've watched him plenty. Capable of such amazing plays, but there's just something lacking. His deep ball is a joke for someone with his arm, and he has zero composure when things break down. So sad.
Once asked what bible I'd been reading. That was interesting. But the hottest was when my girlfriend said "so that's what the back of my throat feels like." She is not at all into having foreign objects going down her throat, but she's very much into making me happy.
No. But that's the source of the joke. I'm sure PetCo has strict rules, too. The point, I suppose, is that these big box corporate pet stores are maybe not always the best place for a pet.
I would guess an independent groomer with one or two employees would be less likely to have that kind of irresponsibility than a corporate system where employees could feel more like cogs in a machine.
This. He says she never shares fantasies but doesn't say she's ever turned him down. Has he even tried to mix it up, or is he waiting for her to do it?
Also some north side of town that fit those qualifications. The Derby Ridge area isn't the nicest in Columbia, but it works.
Abhorrent on so many levels, but we should call him what he is. Going after a 15-year-old is illegal. It's rape. But it isn't pedophilia.
Leave us out of it.
Truth
But seriously, why hasn't that mom been reported to child services yet?
Which explains why the perv is doing this from Germany.
I dropped a couple F bombs in a kid's yearbook in 7th grade. South Park quotes (back in the early, early days). His mom went through his stuff to find his yearbook and called the school to report everyone who wrote bad words. I and a dozen other kids spent the last day of school scrubbing lockers. Because, you know, we were probably the only kids in the school who did that. Not like every yearbook ever is filled with profanity.
I wouldn't hate the 49ers throwing their hat in the ring.
Hopefully that's not a big if. Danario Alexander from Mizzou was the same. Stud in college but could never stay healthy. His one semi-full season in San Diego, he put up pro bowl numbers after being signed off the street mid-year. But he got hurt yet again.
Her opinion is that people of different races should be treated differently. That opinion has a real effect on her ability to do her job. Opinions on what adults should be able to do in the privacy of their own homes is not the same. Supporting the end of marijuana prohibition in no way affects her ability to do her job. Pro-marijuana beliefs won't lead to students being treated any differently. Likewise for same-sex marriage. At best, there would be indirect effects in the minds of the uber-conservative. What she posted, though, is a clear indication that she believes white students and black students shouldn't even be in the same classroom. What's she going to do if a black student and white student get in a fight? Or if she has a difficult parent-teacher conference with a black parent? A better analogy would be if she was proposing banning the gays and drug users from sending their children to her classroom. Which would also be awful.
We live in a country where teachers aren't valued. Pay them more and treat them like professionals, and you'll attract better candidates. As it is, you get a lot of double digit IQ types because they're often the ones willing to put up with it more than a few years. "Those who can't do teach" is kinda true because those who can do have options more often than not. Source: former teacher
Fuck all those people.
10 hours later, literally every single "fuck you" response is from a Mizzou or Kansas fan. Also, fuck you.
I'm sure it's possible to be an ignorant and racist teacher and still do the job well, but I'd rather those types not teach my kids.
Generally I agree, but even on a bad team, a quality line is important IMO. Harder to develop young players when the line sucks.
A certain kind of person loves to criticize liberal approaches to kids playing with toy guns. Spineless hippies that won't let their kid have a toy. Socialist school administrators who flip out at just the mention of a gun. Try suggesting a ban at Wal-Mart on toy guns and see what happens. And then those same types turn around and say it's Tamir's fault because he shouldn't have had the toy.
Probably right. And what should probably happen is the cops show up and calmly explain why it's a bad idea.
Looks like they had an itchy trigger finger and went lookin for action hero stuff.
Three months of unpaid vacation and 60+ hour work weeks the other nine months and a salary that gets eaten into by the need to buy your own supplies for your classroom. You can live a decent lower middle class life as a teacher. But there is pretty much no hope for much better. And you're going to be shit on by students, parents, politicians and the general public constantly. I quit teaching and now do maybe a third of the work. I get to do awesome things, and anyone who I tell about my job gets excited. And I get paid more. There isn't a good teacher anywhere who wouldn't make more and work less in another field.
Nothing except it scares people so they throw it on any attempt at fearmongering.
How long do you think it takes to get to that salary? That's the absolute highest a teacher can go after multiple degrees and a couple decades on the job. $37k is more than new teachers make in 38 states. A $30k/year job at 22 isn't the worst thing in the world…except when you see your peers getting twice that in the private sector. Or when you see mail carriers make more than that on day one with no degree or debt. Or when you calculate your hourly wage and realize you'd make more as a waiter. Teachers aren't living below the poverty line. That isn't the point. The point is that anyone who has talent can easily make more in the private sector, which leads to a public education filled with teachers who are there because they have no other option. Teachers aren't paid well relative to what they'd be worth in other jobs, and they're not compensated well relative to their ability against their peers. The best teacher gets paid the same as the worst.
