It doesn't look dumb at all. It looks like it requires loads of skill and would be way for fun to play than football. Or if we're talking about american footbal then way way more fun.
But that awesome Irish accent though.
They probably have free rain of the techie department. I know in my school anyone who does techie can just go down there and do whatever outside of class time. Then again my school only has 1000 people and the techie department is understaffed.
&gt;The games that run smoothly on nearly anything! Thank you War Thunder. You really are amazing for running on intel integrated graphics.
It's a program but I guess windows prefers to call them apps now. I run on windows 7, no app store.
Yeah. That was the worst thing when I has bad download speeds (800KBps) I never knew if I had to update it after coming back after a long time. At least with steam it's obvious and takes care of it itself.
It's a problem of my parents insisting that I use Norton. I can't just uninstall it because they won't stop paying for the damn thing no matter how much I tell them too. Good to know a solution exists though. I just needed an excuse to get it removed.
That's about double what I get and I think of mine as amazingly fast.
Could just be predicting the announcement.
&gt;4% believe that shapeshifting lizard aliens from alpha draconis control our government Surely that's got to be an out of hand joke that led to people trolling the poll right? I hope so.
Then why are your teachers doing such stupid shit! It's probably just the extra numbers making the 1% of crazies a way bigger actual number. Also scotland is a way better country (at least to live in as a citizen) than america. There is literally no aspect of living here that I think is better in America.
Mrs Browns boys. The pilot for mike and molly was also hilarious but then all the others sucked so I guess it doesn't really count. Also breaking bad but I took so long to start watching it that I was already hooked by people making all the references.
yes we do have better healthcare because we have the NHS which is free rather than your shitty patchwork of health insurance. Better education because we don't have that problem of only teaching kids how to pass the tests rather than learn the subject. Better government because NO NSA. That's enough by itself.
Your healthcare is not worth the price tag. Looking at it overall and not just in one area it's inferior. I've always been very satisfied with my dealings with the NHS. Your point on the universities is another thing. University in scotland if completely free for citezens. We don't restrict good education to the wealthy and we take the same approach to healthcare. Our universities are very good actually and historically Scotland has basically been the founder of modern higher education. In the 1800s our education was known as the best in the world and the effect scots had on other countries such as Canada, India and , yes, even your glorious US of A, is still felt today. Stop being such a typical 'MURICAN and start looking at facts. Living in Scotland is comfortable and affordable.
Wei tu Long
Doctor who: The adventure games
It didn't say that for me upgrading from windows 7. You should be fine.
Yeah there's a point in summer where it almost never gets dark. Not as exreme as alaska but pretty extreme.
Just some social anxiety by the sounds of it. Relatively normal.
That's weird considering the reviews it gets on steam.
I don't think that can be determined yet. It's absolute luck with a vauge PSU failure like this.
I'm gonna go with some slighly less conventional opinions because I really hate how everyone suggests AAA titles in these threads. Mount and blade: Warband- Fantastic game, lots of total conversion mods and you can put hundreds or thousands of hours into it FTL: Great indie game. Difficult but a lot of fun and many hours of gameplay Also sins of a solar empire if you like 4x style strategy games. Wait for a sale for this one though because it goes on sale a ton.
Holy shit this thread is salty. For good reason I guess but damn, I don't think I've seen thread with so many comments with negative upvotes in one thread before.
I thought it was pronounced Sputnik. Like with the U pronounced uh.
Scroll down a bit, it says "free HDMI cable" This is obviously the kind of guy who pays for PS+
Almost certainly
Apparently people think that people back then didn't know the earth was round because it was a common way to call someone stupid as an insult back then to say that they didn't even know the earth was round. I think the atheists point is just saying that it slightly invalidates the argument that religion holds back scientific progress.
Yes the church did a lot of terrible anti progress things.
People who are shown to be abusing the system get the refunding privilege revoked. That more or less solves it to me.
Not for me. Steam downloads faster than anything else for me. 2.3MBps. Before I got fibre optic internet I got 800KBps from steam and 100-200KBps from most websites.
Thanks, I thought so but wanted to find out first so that I wasn't surprised in a bad way when I hooked it up.
I really can't save. This is the absolute stretch of the money I have down to the pound. I've seen new 7850ks sold on ebay regularly for £50 from a trusted seller so I might try to get it there instead. Like I said, this will be upgraded.
Hey thanks man, I knew RAM was important for an APU but didn't know a lot about it or what to change. As!e with the PSU, I really just chose the first one that looked OK. Most importantly, this is even further under budget leaving room since I need to buy a wireless adapter I think.
Looks good. Not overkill but should play most games pretty well.
Skyrim is a great game. RDR was maybe better but skyrim is still great in a lot of ways.
I just hope I don't have problems with it. I can't play dx11 games because of some weird visual bug on my otherwise apparently compatible hardware. Upgrading my rig soon but don't want dx11 to dx12 to be the same problem I had with dx9 to dx11.
Don't you think that's exactly what it used for in the original just cause 2 version?
I will agree that it's really nice to be able to just borrow games from friends. I did that a lot back in the ps2 days.
First time I saw it I though he was carrying a small child and doing all sorts of crazy stunts with them.
The disliking a company for no reason I see a lot of on /r/pcmasterrace with AMD and Nvidia. I was guilty of it at one point, I had never heard of AMD and because they seemed like the strange obscure choice I was strongly in favor of an intel/nvidia build. But after looking carefully at the choices I'm now building an AMD rig.
Remission implies that it can go away. But Crohn's never goes away. It's always there, waiting patiently for the perfect moment to strike.
Can someone fill me in on whats supposedly wrong? I don't see anything here.
No. I've heard that when games go on a big sale on steam they make many times what they usually do if they get front page. I think it was about papers please I heard that so it's not just big titles.
I've seen it mentioned a few times here in the past but not recently. Normally in the context of wireless keyboards or controllers.
i still consider alternatives to steam pretty nich but I guess GOG is pretty well known now. I just assume that the mainstream uses only steam.
Not sure if this is better or worse than my friend who only just realised that he forgot to put thermal paste on his build he's been running for a couple of years.
I know there's plenty of reasons. I was just saying that apart from the very traditional method of buying physical copies steam holds the appearance of a monopoly to someone who doesn't care to do the research. Obviously I'm behind the times here but when I started PC gaming a few years ago it was ages before I knew GOG existed and that was only because it was mentioned in /r/pcmasterrace I guess what I'm saying would've been true when I started but now the other options are more obvious.
All the banning subreddits and censorship stuff as well as some hypocritical statements about free speech are on her. Basically contradicting what people see reddit as standing for as far as I'm aware.
Yep, that's it. I guess you just didn't read the title very well.
You really should not have desktop icons like that. Just clear your desktop and use start menu for the stuff you need often, pin to taskbar for the stuff you need everyday and a convenient folder in your c: drive for stuff you need fairly frequently. Other stuff is totally redundant, like vlc media player. Open the file and it opens VLC for you. Edit: forgot to mention, [like this.](http://i.imgur.com/GKRa5Bp.jpg)
