Hi! Could you help me with SOE EE this weekend? Im 260 Prestige Master and have completed all other EE's. Im from Finland but I can speak good English and I know how the EE is done.
Yes. When you complete the Fly trap and obtain Annihalitor, you get text "Paradoxical Prologue" and 1000 xp. Plus the Gateworm.
I was so bummed when I realized there is not a Zombie Dark Matter camo... Would've been nice reward after max leveling Pharo
Kt-4 ks horrible in my oppinion, rate it something like 3 out of 10. Masamune in the other hand is pretty good and it kills zombies pretty nicely, 7 out of 10.
Really. I've heard some theories about extra hour of 31st, wich means that one extra hour would be 32nd. After that hour it would be 1st of November. Where I came from, there is deffinetly not that kind of system, but I dont know about America or other countries.
If I'm not wrong, Avanged Sevenfolds "Nightmare" could be found in Moon. And Call of the Dead featured "Not Ready to Die"
I hope this doesnt happen. The Civil Protector at SoE is enough pain for being stupid time to time.
I hate the fact that you cant do SoE EE solo. Never finding decent group of player.
I found three morse code chipper behind links. Also cracked them. Surely someone else has done it also, right?
PS4 Black Ops 3 Shadows of Evil Easter egg. Mic of course. Im from Finland but I can speak good English! Add mthrs on PSN and lets get that baby done! And I have done all other EEs solo so my playing skills shouldnt be a problem. Ps. Im willing to help peoples who struggle ZNS and DE Main EE's
SoE EE, PS4 now! Anyone? Add mthrs and lets play :)
Temporal Gift. And I finally found use for Secret Shopper. In Giant, if you camp the catwalk and have drakon, it makes map super easy. Just throw monkey, get KN wall buy and you'll be fully loaded. Easy 50+ rounds.
I think that is exactly what they're doing :D After all the PaPd Apothican Servant is beast and It would be sweet if it would require some skill to get it.
Oh no, ability to Pap Servant just for bonus!
Just make a hidden location somewhere in the map, no loading needed.
Yeeeah... So if you dont have Giant, you cant do the DLC 4?
Totally agree. I've been at 94% like three months. All though, hardly even play MP anymore.
If you struggle in boss fight, use Head Drama.
Got TranZit calling Card from the only one I opened.
How you can spent that amount of time? :o My Highest round is 74 in ZNS. 1h 45min to setup, got round 31 and win boss fight. Then from round 31 to round 74 took little under 3 hours.
Origins, MotD, Kino (Something easy and fun) and maybe Nuketown or Verruckt for intense Zombies.
Der Eisendrache deffinetly. ZNS is fun, but takes ages to set up for. And if you have few extra bucks, I also recommend to buy The Giant also.
I think DLC 4 will start in woods and end some epic place.
Death Ray and shoot the living hell out of him with Drakon, Brecci, Haymaker or KRM.
Even Tranzit would be good deal for 6 dollas :D
You got more Perkaholics with one spin that I have on inventory..
About 8 and half hours. 12 Diviniums tho! :)
81 Aftertastes and 78 Pop Shocks
My strategy: Completed the EE for all perks. After that I grew two Imprints wich another one I used right away ofc. Ny gobblegums were Cache Back, Alchemical Antihesis, Dead Of Nuclear Winter, Fatal Contraption (I realized mid game, that this was a mistake) and Anywhere but Here (EE purpose only). Even when I had all perks I would leave one gun in the Pack A Punch, I used KN-44 with Dead Wire and Masamune. I camped the Boss Fight hall way as long as I could (20-75 Rounds all the way basicly). After those rounds Masamunes ammo capacity wasnt enough and Nan Sapwe was getting also empty. So I used shit loads of traps and train Zombies pretty much every part of the map and let Dead Wire do the trick :)
That many Cache Backs :o Damn boy of I could buy those from you I would!
On BO2 Mob of the Dead is my favorite. Burried is huge pain in the ass even with good team. In Black Ops 3 I only hate one EE beside Giant (duh) and that is Shadows of Evil. Dont get me wrong, I enjoy the steps, but Im bummed that you cant do it solo..
Knights room from those two. I would recommend that Lauching Pad over the Double Tap. Easy getaway if Panzer gets you off guard.
https://youtu.be/tpNKzFAIum4 From round 81 to the end :)
https://youtu.be/tpNKzFAIum4 From 81 to 94 :) Can catch my strategy pretty well.
Still not worth carrying around for 7 rounds to get one panzer kill..
Imprints.
There is always an easy way to kill Margawa/Panzer/Trasher.
Five hours? And just got a bow. Man, just restart. And the main thing: What the damn hell?
It would make DE boss fight sooooo much harder for some peoples.
Sheiva with all attachments and Double Tap is insanely good!
Lucky you. Dodged that mule kick.
No. Nothing special happens.
He says that also in consoles.
Ultimate camping spot
No one uses Ray Gun anymore..
The first one will dissapear if you Imprint yourself twice.
Lets face it, Perkaholic is good when new maps come out, easier to get used to. But in DE you dont need to use perkaholic. Jugg, Double Tap, Speed Cola and Widows wine really is all you need.
You know whats even harder? Trying to get Widows Wine from Wunderfizz.
I tried that once, zombies dont move but neither does the Shadowman.
That is what happens if I remember it correctly. It is a while back so I may remember it wrong.
