If you really want to find why people quit you can just put up a strawpoll, as long as you format the questions right.
Maybe ask any who quit and then returned? Would still not be an ideal crowd, but you will have more people.
Also Garden of Terror is the same world as Dragon Knight. You can see the Dragon Knight statue at the top of the Garden.
Many foreigners ruined their bodies because of starcraft. Carpel tunnel is very common. It might not be to the same extent, but injuries happen in all sports, in all levels.
I doubt most people's faces would bear any expression.
Just think about your face when you type anything, be it a "lol" type comment, or an angry one. You only have to see your own face as you write comments to see how probably others do it. In fact expressions happen for a very short time, and to think that someone continually keeps their expression for the whole comment is absurd. Furthermore, people may be upset or smirking while writing something, but having an extreme emotional experience come from reading something on the web is pretty rare I'd presume, and even then writing something while laughing or trembling with rage is probably pretty hard.
You presume that most people's days are ruined, or even harmed a bit because of losing, while you can't really know that. It is a game after all, and if you're not having fun while losing as well (maybe to a lesser extent, but still), then you're playing the wrong type of game imo.
SI-7 Agesnt would be almost as good, so it's not like the chances were that abysmal.
Going for a lot of heals and taunts would then make you super strong, and doesn't really take a lot of thought too. Something like ramp druid would work wonders.
0.25 it used to be 1, but they changed it.
I rather Al'ar to be its own card, so it can be more complex.
It's obviously a possibility, but I doubt there would be such map soon.
Probably not so terrible in decks with minimal amount of spells like Zoo.
Why does it have to be a white guy? Would a black rich guy know more about Detroit because he is black? Why include race into this?
As a rank 1 lvl 20 murky main I disagree. You can get kills many times if you have some sort of support, Murky is capable of much more damage than people realize many times. Your regeneration also means that you can do some damage and back off. Sometimes you die because of overextention, but the push potential, and the possible kills or forced hearthstoning is worth it imo.
Of course dying without an actual reason is bad, I just commented on your ending comment, as imo you should fight most of the times as murky.
I go block, Living the, large pufferfish, grab, 35% extra damage on the pufferfish, pufferfish makes slime, and rewind. Always the same build. It is based on the combo, killing 1 person at a time. Being 1v2 I stay low and simply try and kill minions while not in range of the 2 players, if they are ranged. If they are melee I try and slowly take away hp with slime while not overextending. Egg is always between the gate and fort, it's a good place vs cloakers and cannot be hit easily from outside. Lategame I move the egg a lot normally, although I'd say as a rule of thumb it's better not to be greedy with the egg, although a lot of times I can't help it. Team fights I dive in normally. I try to split them up, and if they don't then they take a lot of damage. Try and have your egg nearby so you can suicide multiple times in a fight.
I like the 1st ling sent so the PF won't target the banes on the way, it was really smart!
This is probably due to pressure by the Druze in the Golan Heights. Since many of them have family in Syria they want help sent to them.
I am Israeli myself, but this is just what I heard. There are so many people suffering, to urge to help a specific group probably comes from personal reasons.
Brood war skills definitely transferred more than WC3's ones did, as macro is more important than ~~macro~~ micro most of the times.
I meant that macro is more important than micro. The macro aspect is pretty similar compared to the micro. Indeed SC2 is much smoother than the older games in that aspect. Macro most of the times is more important as having more units can make a huge difference sometimes, while microing rarely has the same effect.
Ye I love archon mode.
Fastest turn is Turn 2 Pint Size summoner. (costs 2) Turn 3 Portal. (costs 3) Turn 4 portal. (costs 1) Turn 5 Jaraxxus. (costs 4)
Could be special shells that are infused with Psi or something. This is why it takes energy to use it.
While I agree, the way they do it is different than EA for example. Blizzard would never release a new game/expansion every year simply as a cash grab. Blizzard builds on a loyal fanbase which exists due to the quality of the games. Lately it is less so, but it's still much better than other huge gaming companies.
The tension has eased and increased many times. There were times of war and times where peace seemed relatively close, it's just that it never went over the right edge sadly.
During the war.
It depends on how good the new drone is. If it was really helpful making 1-2 Ghosts for support might have been good.
The cartels ARE criminals, they are not a nation. Mexico has it's government which is separate from the drug cartels.
Of course, but while Blizzard is owned by them they don't practice the same methods. Just look at the SC2 expansions. If Blizzard wanted they could probably release both year after year, with lower quality. Blizzard has a reputation and anytime they don't follow it it backfires, so I surmise that they will continue producing quality content instead of content in quantity.
D3 I agree was a mess, but while I don't play it anymore I think people are mostly satisfied from the changes Blizzard enacted. On heroes while it is obvious Blizzard is trying to milk money from the customers, they are also bringing a quality new product. Heroes is a very good game, and Blizzard listens to the community about it so I don't think it's comparable to any normal EA behavior. Blizzard charges a lot, but brings fun and innovative games out. I find that a fair deal.
What is your point? SC2 is a quality game. Its decline comes from various reasons, foremost in that it is already 5 years old. I don't think that if Blizzard rushed the expansions the game would be more popular.
Attacking a soldier while wearing civilian cloths is a war crime. Whether it is terrorism or not is debatable, but I would consider it such.
Well the murder at hand was done not by an Israeli civilian, but by a Palestinian. If he was a member of Hamas/other terror organizations then your comparison is moot, and he probably was. Even if he wasn't a part of any organization which fights Israel, this is not the same as random murders as he had a political goal in mind and the target probably wasn't important besides it being a Jew. In the very least it would be a hate crime, although I think the murder fits the definition of terrorism.
What does SC2 gives? There aren't any rewards besides the leveling which doesn't take a long time to get to max.
2025 hype!
Sadly he still only has the old vampiric talent. Would be insane if he had gotten the extra healing.
You can save cards to use them at the same time so the regen doesn't matter.
Although they are also whales themselves (sort of) so I would say killer whale is also a fitting name.
It's just that Thalnos has a much lesser impact on the game compared to other legendaries. Thalnos instead of Kobold or Loot Hoarder is an improvement, but not as much as a Dr.Boom or a Sylvanas instead of a Boulderfist Ogre.
Of course, i am not saying it should be stronger or anything, as it's already quite powerful for the cost. I am just saying that if you had to choose a 1st legendary I doubt most would choose Thalnos, as even though he is better than many other legendaries, his effect on the game is limited due to his low cost.
If you have fun doing it, it shouldn't matter if other people find it fun. If you are not enjoying it though then you should stop doing it and switch to quick match.
Heh, we murlocs live in sunny beaches unlike the gloomy dungeons nerubians reside in, and it definitely affects our mood!
Starcraft is already a major part of the game, I doubt anyone who plays Heroes doesn't know about SC.
I am pretty sure Carbot will deliver, so it's not the same. And if people want to spend money on an arcade game they won't play much it's their money and their right to do what they want with it. It might be silly to you, but to some it's worth it.
I have been following this mod for a long time on the TL forums and the attitude was present in all times by many people. I don't judge a whole community by 1 person, nor I do so by many people from that community. And yet, many who play Starbow came to do so because they got fed up with SC2, or dislike it for any reason but still want to play, and those people make me dislike the mod since it brings hate upon the original game, be it justified hate or not. I am fine with the mod existing, but don't try and make it that the "war" began by the Starbow haters, as even before the common SC2 folk knew about the mod hate was spew.
My peeve is not that people who play Starbow like to compare it to SC2, but that many times when they do so they claim their opinions as facts. And of course, it's not that I dislike the mod, it's simply its community whom I have a gripe with, which in turn pulls me away from the mod.
Sadly the vocal minority makes it seem like it's a bigger problem than it is, but I am sure most Starbow players have similar attitudes to yours.
It's fine to have your opinion, but coming here and trying to sway people into your "side" does the opposite. In your comment you only whine about Starcraft instead of saying what is good about Starbow. I love SC2, and to come here and say that it sucks would just make me ignore you.
