Just looks rusty, no?
Seriously? Where do you work a convent?
They look like people who are average Americans to me. Probably have jobs and such. Trash level not detected
That's a serious set of tits. Three thumbs up!
It's obviously rust and corrosion
Ewww
Damn that looks amazing
What's a R2? (R2D2)? And how old is this girl?
What this from Hustler magazine?
She's sounds a little lost. Trash level: low.
Ignorance level: **maximum.**
Á la Jurassic park
Too bad nowadays it probably has a pretty tame formula. Back when they started making it, it would have alcohol, chloroform and heroin. With a touch a aspirin.
Yes it's skin crawling gross, isn't it?
Haha well I don't know about there but Hamilton has a disproportionate amount of white trash scum bags to normal people. Kinda, really sucks.
I agree. I know it must be difficult going to your life is a man when mentally and emotionally inside you are a woman. But it's becoming easier in society now to become the person you think you are inside and also physically change your appearance to match what you were feeling mentally. I'm not saying it's as easy as going to the doctor and getting a mole removed, but this individual in the picture based on what I know about him definitely deserves the courage award. It takes so much courage to overcome what he has and accomplish everything he has done after losing two limbs. My apologies for any spelling mistakes I am using voice to text.
Oh I agree with you 100%. And I'm sure it does happen other places with the exception of countries that allow you to just buy the toy by itself. When I was 10 years old I would buy small bags of chips to get a sticker with a picture of my favorite wrestlers on it (Jake the snake, Andre the giant etc). And there came a point when I was throwing the chips in the garbage and just keeping the stickers.
Dude. You've got a booger in your nose.
The ripped up shred of paper for a price tag looks like something an idiot would make.
I wish I had some of that stuff. Wouldn't make my vegetarian girlfriend happy. I have an alligator head at home. Small one. I like the one you have standing up. Where did you get the elephant foot? I was guessing rhino btw.
Especially since they're all the same price you just gotta pick a blonde, brunette, big tits or ass. And youre good to go.
Are you talking about a specific movie? Hope so. Shia lebeouf is such a shitty actor. Wickwicky. Fuck he's terrible.
My ex-wife had to go through the same thing at your daughters age. I know how stressed out and afraid you must be but everything will go fine. This day and age with the medical technology and practices it we have you have nothing to worry about
Both of them being close to the same age if not the same age exactly makes it less infuriating. But I'd be very mad still.
So hot
You sure she's alive?
They look like they do not give a shit and that they wish he hadn't really done that. What a lame move.
Is that Zach Braff?
Wart!!
A filthy carpet?
Acne. Go to a doctor&gt;dermatologist and they can help hopefully.
Props for posting a brave photo btw
Ouch. Near your pussy?
That's all you need sometimes. Good luck with it all
Is this real at all? I've never seen the photo
They're both female. Just jumping on the other. Hardly a WTF moment. Lame!
Really? Wow. I never knew any while I was single. Would have liked to find out
I hear ya. Must have gotten to you and slowly felt like "you" we're hurting them, am i right? I'd last there a short while only.
Gross. Never!!
Awesome. Nice find.
Bad shop job
I find this very hot.
Should have just showed 3 pics from different angles on your arm to get a perspective of it. It's cool though.
Is that his skin or the "peel"?
Thanks for clearing that up. Is it his skin or the "peel"?
My girlfriend has at least one as well. Doesn't seem to go away. It's been there a few months at least. I'm convinced that it's a "pimple" or something similar. And if it was squeezed old keratin would come out. Like a blackhead etc
Do you have keratosis pilaris? I do and I have to squeeze the clogged hair follicles to get rid of the gross bumps they make on my arms and other areas. I hate it. Tanning is the only way that gets rid of them. Not sure why. If I go to a tanning bed a couple times a week for say 5 mins on medium strength it fixes me up.
I don't doubt that they might be uneducated and annoying but the idea of what's really trashy is being pushed a little to far. I mean a pregnant chick smoking is one thing but fat people with balloons and a few shitty tattoos isnt really the worst thing ever
How do you find the really good artists like you have here?
Text this big is kinda....too big. It looks good technically but it's just too large.
