Looks like that neighborhood is racist.
Slight uptick in protests from the unemployed berniebot brigade and a more noticeable stench than usual.
She's a mess.
We already have plenty of violent thugs here, it's a shame we have to import thousands for the DNC. Is it too late to build a wall?
These republican voting, NRA card-carrying individuals are getting out of control. Can somebody please designate this block as a gun free zone?
So did the suspects vote for Bernie or Hillary?
Don't be silly, it's our privilege to be victimized because of race.
Build the wall ten feet higher!
If you don't bend the knee to Trump you're always welcome to leave and go somewhere like Mexico or the Middle East. Or are you some kind of bigot?
Can't tell if you're just a Bernout reeling from defeat at the hands of Crooked Hillary, but the entire basis of Trump's tax plan is to reduce taxes for the middle/lower class. And if you think we're spending a cent on the wall... well, it just got ten feet higher. The Trump train has no brakes.
Allow me to inject some critical thinking: if you total up all of the money spent each year combating illegal immigration, combined with the amount of foreign aid we send to Mexico, we could build whatever wall we want. The biggest wall. The greatest wall. Bonus: it creates thousands of temporary jobs. That's a real "shovel ready" project.
I'm waiting for them to spin this: "White Supremacist Trump Supporter Attacks Latina Reporter for Speaking Spanish"
Finally the SRT gets a little competition.
Sure but when she does it she's "mentally ill;" when I do it it's "sir please, I'm just as upset as you that Bernie lost"
I'm currently consulting with the DNC regarding the victim hierarchy, I'll let you know my findings.
"hm this guys wearing a t-shirt and jeans matches the description of a violent crime that was committed but we can't stop him because the suburban teenager on reddit might accuse me of being racist"
American pride is racist, can't do it
Extra security would be Islamophobic we better not
She should do a Top 5 Philly Gun Store ~~list~~ article next. Is there a Pats vs. Genos for AR-15s? We need to know.
"... and then we elected President Trump in 2016 and things began to turn around ..."
Holy fuck this is a real thing, I thought it was just making fun of that one guy's stupid typo. Fucking hipsters.
Why not just go all the way and make laws against murder then
Imagine the economic impact next year if they all just buy even one soda
"...and on your left you'll see poverty created by decades of democrats in power... on your right you'll see violence stemming from this poverty... Hillary 2016!"
Report: fuck off, we're full.
You're forgetting to count the hired protesters being bussed in from all over
If Trump being a 1%er makes him the bad guy, then what is Crooked Hillary? Trump acknowledges that he's wealthy. Hillary panders while accepting $600k-a-pop bribes for "speeches" to the same banks she denounces to the public. Or there's always the $20mm+ she's accepted from Saudi Arabia and other nations that commit various human rights violations. BUt hey one time Trump said something I misinterpreted as mean so he's evil
Under the El @ Kensington &amp; Somerset. Bring $20.
YES! We made national news! WE'RE #1
Another deadbeat liberal trying to get out of his civic duty. I know it's probably hard for you to get up before noon on a week day but you can skip one day of Bernie circlejerking to go be a responsible citizen.
She started it
The corrupt democrat machine here could probably give Chicago a run for its money. At least the state will go red in November; combine that with the riots we're sure to see at the DNC and maybe the city will start flipping.
A centipede is pleased.
So serene before the Wendy's was built
Don't buy in the ghetto
Philly taxes are truly the best example of throwing good money after bad.
Seriously this is great news for Trump - being denounced by Philly city council is a great thing. Who the fuck would support somebody that those crooks *endorse*
It's nice to be 1st in something
Pro: very close to a liquor store Con: likely to be robbed walking to/from the liquor store Pro: there are some parks nearby Con: you can see the fucking sneakers hanging from the powerlines when you streetview this corner
Fairmount. Next.
I would change my name too if I got convicted
You hold up your ironic spork typing that reply?
This regressive tax is progressive
Having front row seats to see the dems implode is a dream come true.
Just as sure as the Benny Frank jawn glowed rainbow to defeat terrorism, the millennials of North Nilly can't stop our next republican president Donald J. Trump.
Manayunk is a much better neighborhood for young professionals than ~~Kensington~~ Fishtown.
Hey check out this picture of the skyline I just took
World class
The wall just got ten feet higher.
Fun fact: if democrats stop shooting people, gun violence would be nearly non-existent.
