Also, dirt. When a rain delay/rain out happens, they cover the infield but the grass is left uncovered. I'd imagine hitting a grounder in mud would be a hell of a time to field.
I want Mattingly to blow up like that manager one day. With the way our calls go, it's bound to happen sometime.
You know how Nestle is promoting The Avengers with Avengers themed chocolate milk bottles? I always have to get either the Cap, Thor, or Iron Man ones. If Hulk is in front, I bypass that shit. Yes, I'm that weird guy.
Is Turner playing today or is he still recovering from fighting off the army of the dead with Jon Snow?
Mike Hampton keeps getting shit on. I kinda feel bad for the guy :(
That giant took him back on his shoulders
I sure hope we get some more wun wuns tonight
He actually wore that
Oh, haha :p Sorry
I was there too!! High five!!
I am so disappointed I missed out on a Joc autograph at Camelback by two inches and had to settle for Crawford :(
I love how we have A-Gon and Tormund on this team. And the NL West are the ones who die
GUYS REMEMBER WHEN WE WERE LIKE AWWWWWWWW SHIT KERSHAW GAVE UP 2 AND THEN THEY EXPLODED FOR HITS HAHA WE'RE SO FUNNY
Gerrit Cole was pitcher of the month in April, right? Let's hope he can hold on to this lead and we get a full game ahead.
B A N A N A S
This can be our secondary anthem due to Grandal
We need a Greinke Wig Promotion day
KRIS BRYANT WHO GIANCARLO WHO SUCK HIS JOCCCCCC
Joc is on pace to hit more home runs than Piazza as a rookie While wearing #31. How fitting.
Come October, when Joc has crushed the ball over 30 times, do you think his strikeout rate will work against him in the ROY voting?
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYA
So, Alex Guerrero isn't that fucking good, eh?
7-4 Pirates, Bottom 8 PLZ
PIRATES WIN FUCK THE GIANTS GO DODGERS SUCK OUR JOCS
Any chance Friedman can swing a deal for his old pal Chris Archer?
Pretty close doesn't cut it, buddy
ROOKIE OF THE YEAR
Mother dick
I went to a game against the Giants with a few friends and one of them wore her Giants gear with no incident.
Someone on one of the Dodgers Facebook statuses called Mattingly "Donnie Teeball". I found that to be humorous.
That skunk's name? Michael Wacha.
Hearing Vin say "Young Joc" is kinda funny Also, doing the It's Going Down motorcycle dance when Joc comes up to bat needs to be a thing.
A run is a run, bro
I got 5 XP for a quest in which I was severely over-leveled, so it seems to have been fixed. I was normally not getting XP for greyed-out quests.
All Witcher gear is upgradeable but you need to find diagrams for the upgrades.
I'm sad I'll be missing the return of Puigerson :(
Holy shit, guys, I defend my thesis tomorrow! It really is [going down](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view/868863/it-s-going-down-o.gif). (Can someone plz photoshop Dodger faces onto that gif? With Joc obviously on Joc's face)
Sooo.. Who saw Chris Archer's statline for today?
[Lefties make him piss his pants](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SH715tr6ek)
Fuck this Ryan Seacrest guy
DPlz
Isn't Kasten president? Friedman is director of baseball operations. Idiots.
fucccck
King refers to Jerry "The King" Lawler, long time announcing partner of Jim Ross, who is being referenced.
Not gonna lie, I had no fucking idea who Lance Lynn was until today
IT'S TIME FOR DIYER BEISBOL
Guess who passed his thesis defense? Guess who might be teaching in the fall? This fucking Doyer-bro
Of all the girl-named pitchers, I think I like Shelby Miller the best
I'll rub his knee ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Dear Jackie Robinson In The Sky, Plz don't let Tormund be hurt Amen
