Yup. I see a lot of disdain for Bran and Jon's stories but they're up there in my favorites.
Flaked corn. Outside of cream ales most brewers get high-horsey and hate on corn, but it can dry some ales out wonderfully. Recently had an IPA that was standard 2-row, light amount of a high crystal, 15% flaked corn and it was absolutely fantastic.
I figured the wall was already there, and it was meant to keep people from the sea out. I could be wrong, but that's what I figured. There wasn't much room from coast-to-wall, so it would be pretty useless otherwise.
These guys brought a damn blizzard with them. I'm sure they don't care for fire, but it's going to take more than some lamps to faze 'em.
You're confusing 'uncivilized' with 'evil'.
Same. Video game violence not so much, but definitely needed over on /r/gifs where female nudity etc is abundent.
Dumb dags are the best dags.
But I'm American. Jeans and polos are my heritage.
Exactly. There's lots of in-book evidence he is an old creature. Never once considered this theory.
Well, we haven't seen Thoros poop out any shadow babies, nor have we seen Mel revive someone. Hard to know.
It gradually gets a bit more main-plot focused... without ever straying from the bad-guy-of-the-week. I still love the show, but it did get frustrating at times when you just want to find out more about The Smoking Man! But it never does.
This game is definitely less toxic than league. In part due to the lack of lobby chat, part due to not being stuck in lane.
IDK - I seriously doubt matchmaking takes AI games into account? Matchmaking is definitely a tough thing for all games -- especially free ones such as HOTS and LoL where someone can 'smurf' and wreck others. But as just a few week old player myself, I haven't found QM that bad at all. I'm thinking it's a combination of extremely bad luck + you aren't any good. Just keep in mind it's all about map awareness and rotating as a team to objectives. If you're losing early game it generally doesn't even matter at this level -- stick together as a team and wreck them.
Im off for the night but am generally on Tues, Wed and Thurs from 5-10 PST or so. Play with another friend generally. Send me a PM if you want to play tomorrow or so.
tree fiddy?
Nope. Gargantuan AI is terrible. I use mine mostly for camps and pushing it seems.
All of my LHBSs have a generic PET carboy that works well. Morebeer and the other big name brand shops do as well. Exactly the same quality as the old BBs I had.
In my old place I had one of those generic plastic cabinets for $50-70: http://www.busybeaver.com/images/subdepartments/550x550/Tall-Cabinet-SB.jpg Could fit my empty kegs on the bottom, two carboys laying on a shelf, hoses etc up top. Now I just have all of my brewing stuff in the garage, and my carboys get stored in a closet. Have thought about getting another one of those though to keep it more organized. Plus once I left my racking hose in the garage and found spiders in it &gt;&lt;. Whatever -- nothing star san can't fix right?
Went there last month after Punchbowl Falls. Pretty nice place!
Yeah and in the first one you think is a 'neat adventure' you forgot the warehouse down the road had some pretty nasty super-concentraded chemicals mixing in with all of the homeowners bleach and toilet cleaners etc.
Hah! That's a nice fantasy, comrade. In my situation unfortunately my glorious pond would be filled with stuff like this: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/spanish-man-dies-drinking-detergent-served-wine-article-1.2260890 from one of those cafes.
I can't imagine how rabid a turbonerd a person has to be to repost something just to bitch about it. Yeesh.
I disagree. Comedies start slow in general, but everything else, drama especially, should start on high notes. Breaking Bad, Dexter, BSG, SG1 etc etc so many great ep1 shows out there.
Good advice, really the only thing to do is be vigilant. Whenever I've been searching for an apartment/house.. hell anything I want to buy on Craiglist, you just have to search as often as you can and call immediately if you find something you like. I'd search in the morning when drinking my coffee at work, again near lunch, and again at night. I got my current townhouse by calling and scheduling an appointment right away. There were 17 people that called after me, that day alone.
Damn. impressive.
Youve been drinking extremely shitty sangria..
I'd go phlog pyro and eat the delicious heavies.
Worth a shot giving the police her number. I once had a really sketchy hit and run case, where someone backed into my parked car and totally destroyed it (how is that even possible?). Guy left his name and number, but when I called he wouldnt give me any insurance info etc. I gave it to the police and he quickly confessed. Turns out it was a teen driving his Dad's truck and daddy was dishonest and told him not to talk to me.
The thing that worries me is not when he'll finish TWOW, but when he'll finish the series. 6 years for this book, how long is it going to take him to finish the last book? Tie up all the loose strings and make everything come together?
It looks cool..
Finally a house I might be able to afford. Maybe.
It was great, that's for sure. It was a perfect adaptation. Not sure I'd say it was better, since it's so so close though.
Person who jumped ontop is lucky they didnt get crushed and seriously hurt.
He was terrible in it.
tl;dr
He has control of it all... he could simply say piss off to everyone and not finish it. Nothing anyone can do about it.
I didnt know your mum had a mic
Portland OR? When/where do you guys meet? I'm out of Tualatin. I did one here on the west side last summer and it was way too much bubblegum beer for me.. kinda scared of more clubs now &gt;&lt;
But besides other pyros who gets so close? Whenever I play Phlog against a competent heavy/demo/soldier/sniper I just get crushed usually. All they have to do is backpeddle and shoot and I cant touch them. I do admit on some maps the flank potential makes it pretty stupid, however. Honestly I dont even feel the phlog is to blame, but scorch shot is incredibly OP. You can light up an entire team so easy, completely nullify their snipers, and get phlog charged so quick. I think Phlog needs to nerf how much burn damage from secondaries charges it. Maybe 50% flame-damage charge from secondary burn.
The sentence you quoted was in regards to "trick"stabs, not phlog.
The one watching thinks he tied one knot, the one tying it thinks he did the other. He mentions arguing with himself over it, and cant decide which he tied. edit: know/knot &gt;&lt;
The only thing generally detrimental about city water is the use of chloramines. If yours has it you need to get some Campden tablets. Besides that it's all just recipe-specific. You need to keep your pH within a range, and then there's certain flavor profiles (high sulfate for IPAs, for instance) that help make your beers really pop. So just going from your base water you'll probably find that either your light or dark beers always seem just OK, while the others turn out great. Grab your cities water profile and download brunwater. It's going to be extremely overwhelming at first but there are some good guides and a lot of help over on HBT science section.
Oooh, tasty.
What's the use for this? Is it for minis?
Why ever turn reload off?
Minerals are definitely beneficial taste wise. Also well water is usually hard, but all over the place based on your water shed. You might have extremely high bicarbonate content and need to cut with RO.
Soft water is a great thing to have. I live in Portland OR and have extremely soft water too. General rule of thumb is for lighter beers you'll need to add some acid to bring the pH down. In heavy roast beers you'll possibly need to add some bicarbonate (baking soda is easy) to bump the pH up a bit. Beyond that there's some personal preference; add sulfate for IPAs and chloride for maltier beers. Strongly advise you not to add things willy-nilly though unless it's just basic things like http://www.homebrewtalk.com/showthread.php?t=198460 (assuming youre doing all grain). If you dont have a good water profile and brunwater or other calculator you can do more harm than good.
Love seeing all the trucks. Stereotyping, sure, but I always feel they're the worst offenders. HURR DURR MA 4WD MEANS 4WHEEL STOP
I got a Fit to fit my Great Dane. I'm still unsure how magnets work, but I believe so.
Just wanting everyone to know the 'burbs out here are pretty good. Last month when it was flooding I opened my arms to beckon yonder, with a warm and dry embrace. Now I once again extend my hospitality of ice-free embrace. We can all drive merily and make fun of bicyclists together.
