Yes. What I get looks like this: http://imgur.com/mO1ayv0
I got in trouble in the third grade for spelling correctly. Turns out the teacher couldn't spell.
And you think the Windows "everything's a tablet" approach will be cleaner? How about iOS? They're certainly not trying to sell you anything.
Wow, your definition of "works" differs dramatically from mine.
It's easy to not get hurt when all you do is take a report and file it somewhere. Nothing in my experience suggests that police would take seriously a teenager who lost his phone, even if he had GPS location on it.
Run an income app, like Perk TV. Should work fine on your wifi, and eventually it'll pay for itself.
Not yet, but as soon as there is one, we will.
I've been doing Celeb TV - Lifestyle and Fashion. As with the others, it goes to App Trailers when finished, and it seems to earn as well as App Trailers. Plus the yellow pom-pom is easy to spot when I'm scrolling down the list.
That the Internet thing was just a fad.
Damar would have been more compelling, had he survived and had DS9 gotten another season. By the time his arc got really cool it was all over.
It's a shame you present things so confrontationally. Your ideas have merit, but you won't get many people to listen, the way you present them.
You know, I did this for a long time on my Chromebox, and you know what I ended up using it mostly for? Web surfing. After a few months, I realized the idiocy of this and put ChromeOS back on it. Never happier.
I thought there was some kind of algae bloom that made it unsafe to do this this year...
Higher than the typical 20-30mg trip report. I'm curious what it might be like, but I'm a little afraid to try it myself.
I agree that there should be a changelog available on MSDN or TechNet or somewhere else like that, but the "Windows has updated" slideshow is NOT the place for them. Something that every user must see and cannot skip is not the place for indepth technical stuff.
Good, I read over what I wrote, and realized I might be interpreted as advising you to overdose, which I totally am not. I'm just interested in real strong trips, because that's what I enjoy myself.
Order some powder.
If I'm going to disable everything on my phone, why keep it at all? I could sell it and buy a Windows Phone or something, to the same effect (no Google, hardly any apps).
try the cable that came in the box for charging the gamepad. i've found the shield remote is fussy about the cable
Welcome to the wonderful world of open hardware. Your new purchase will never lock you out of root access, and there will never be an update to it that will prevent you from gaining root. We are delighted you've decided to join us. :)
green pulsing means it is charging. when it stops, it's full. there's a PDF manual around somewhere that has all this info, the only place i found that actually explains it. the remote seems to last a couple weeks to the charge in my experience, the controller must be a lot more, since i charged mine in October and it's still going. i use the remote more than the controller, might have something to do with it.
And then where do those of us paying rent there go? Don't fucking give away my apartment, unless you're offering me yours!
I have yet to figure out a way to make skip go to 30 seconds during videos, but Next Track during music. It seems to be all-or-nothing with the new skip.
View Towers is pretty nice now. Most of the shady characters have left or been evicted, and the price keeps them from coming back. After more years than I'd care to admit, it's now a fairly nice, quiet place. I don't want it to go back to the chaos...when I moved in here, you had to step over nodded-out junkies in the stairwell; there was a woman who wandered the halls, knocking on doors in the middle of the night to randomly ask people for cigarettes; there was another woman who would sit in the elevator and cry; the 10th floor was all drug dealers; you couldn't get through a week without being woken up at 2AM by a fight in the hallway or in one of the adjacent apartments. I pay to live here, I would be heavily against any kind of appropriation that made it a worse place for me to live.
I've heard that a lot, but I've never seen any evidence that this was the case. In any event, that's not what they are doing now, and not what the people living in there now agreed to when they moved in. I don't think taking housing away from anyone is the answer, even if the plan is to give a third of it back. There's lots of buildings that aren't lived in that could be renovated (and probably cheaper, since they wouldn't have to put up the current residents somewhere while they did the work, not to mention the asbestos removal), or a new building could be built.
An article on a forum. Surely a primary source. I saw another article in a forum that says that is bullshit, you'll find the link right under this comment where it says Permalink. And you should never have been allowed into the building without showing ID, we have security for a reason and the guard wasn't doing her job when she let you in. If you think that is fascist, feel free to show us your disapproval by not visiting.
Standard Android TV remotes, both on Shield TV and Nexus Player...directional buttons, select and back, that's about it. Seems up and down will do Next/Previous Track (didn't know that before, but I guess I should have), but I still prefer it the old way. Wonder if I can change it in the keymap for fullscreen music....
It won't go to 5, 6 is the minimum, will that be safe?
How can I tell if it is too high? Is there any potential danger (tank exploding, coil catching on fire, that kinda thing)?
Ok, sweet! Thank you for the info, I'll experiment from here and see how it goes.
I have this remote on my Shield TV, and I am very happy with it. Note that there are several Mele F10 remotes, each with slightly different features. The one you linked is the F10 Deluxe, which I consider to be the best of the lot...it can learn functions of other remotes (I taught it to change the volume on my AVR), has Play/Pause (the other F10 remotes don't), and it has much better motion tracking than earlier models.
Agalloch: [Dead Winter Days](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y6UttxEWgk) [In The Shadow Of Our Pale Companion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pmwndD2EOw) [Bloodbirds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOKcfyo3-xE)
Spaced apart, it is one of the greatest cliffhangers of all time. Editing them together as one episode completely destroys an iconic TNG scene, to the great detriment of the episodes.
It's better than any other such thing I've used. It's not flawless, but it's sufficient for light use.
Hmm, pretty sure Apple could have Trump bumped off, and pay for it out of petty cash.
So, does this mean my obscure Kitkat phone will finally get root?
Hmm, does this mean they have a modified Coreboot that can load native Android? Wonder if we can use this to get Android running on the Tegra K1 Chromebooks.....
I don't think they were wearing non-marking shoes.
I played it a few times, a lot of years ago, and I remember enjoying it (although I don't remember much else). I would be deeply interested, but I have no books or equipment, and no recollection whatsoever of the rules. I do remember a lot about the setting...I read a LOT of the Battletech novels when I was a kid. Edit: We're talking about the FASA game, right? Or whoever owns that name now.
20 year ago, they had DXM-only pills called Contac Cough Caps. They had 30mg of HBR, and I didn't have any trouble with them at first, but after 100 or more trips (and they were epic trips), I had some kind of weird reaction where I couldn't even look at a box of them without gagging. Probably somehow psychosomatic.
None at all.
Coupons.
What was the international designator for Nomad? (2002-045b)
Couple points I've discovered in switching my own parents to Kodi, that may or may not be of help to you. Firstly, the biggest factor I've found as to whether or not my parents could adjust is the complexity of the remote. A lot of the cheaper Android boxes either don't come with a remote at all, or else they come with a real shitty one. Remotes that only have a few buttons, like the (old) Apple TV remote, the Nexus Player remote or the Shield TV remote, are better than ones with 20-30 buttons. Secondly, if you plan to introduce them to streaming from addons, pay for Real Debrid or something like it, saves a lot of teaching headache. Good luck!
I have one as well. Out of town till Friday, if you don't find one by then PM me, it's yours.
Does P = NP?
Can effects be both definitely noticeable and subtle at the same time? That's the best way I could describe it...definitely there, but somehow more subtle than I'd expected or wanted it to be. Don't get too hung up on the dose amount...200mg is a lot for some substances, nothing for others, it depends on the substance.
DXM is much much much much much more euphoric than ephenidine.
1.2g-1.5g of DXM definitely gives me a hole experience, which is very similar (although uniquely different) to the K hole.
"Notifications". It installs itself when you install anything from TV Addons, then pushes near-fullscreen popups begging you for money. Scummy behaviour.
