I just finished watching it for the first time, holy shit, tell me he won something for that role.
Ya see? what did I tell you! :)
Caffeine is an indirect trigger of mine, as in, it leads to anxiety then to dpdr, not always, but it can... I'd suggest cutting back on caffeine and soda for your general health as well...
What's with those tracks at the bottom there?
Reminds me of this Eastern European cab driver I had once, the man reeked so bad of sweat I couldn't breath. Red lights were a nightmare, however once we were moving with the breeze it was barely tolerable. It was a long cab ride, $60-$70 if I remember, I didn't tip him shit.
Jesus Christ
Andy, our commutes are in your hands and you have butter fingers???
Go to Times Square and report back. They're everywhere.
What? They were Ford...
Eh, not really. The ones that are used around the world are much more simple and cheaper than the ones used in the movie... The tarted up, leather appointed luxurious ones used in the movies fetch upwards of $110,000 and were placed there for product placement more than anything...
That's not the issue. It was just too blatantly obvious they wanted advertisement.
She'll have a hard time getting citizenship in Canada don't worry
This is complete BS
I wouldn't be surprised if it was driven by a soccer mom trying to convince all her neighbors about the legitimacy of Arbonne products...
Exactly, the issue isn't speed, it's enforcement. There is nothing wrong with the 40/50 kph speed limit, it's the enforcing that is lacking, that and bozos who jaywalk and bozos who can't drive to save their own life
All the dashed lines mean is that you're allowed to cross them. You can't cross a solid line, not that anyone in this town cares. I sometimes think why we even bother with traffic laws at all... /s
Complain about what, exactly?
I believe Queen West/Kensington is a bit of a dump. OK, maybe not dump, it just could be better. I've encountered some true asshats there, moreso than other parts of the city. From randos on the sidewalk to incredibly arrogant and fairly rude restaurant owners. I don't find anything wrong with a delivery driver slightly blocking a bike lane and wished people would just get on with their lives and stop being so damn butthurt over it and just continue their ride/commute. As much as I like streetcars I think they hold up way too much traffic on streets where they don't have a dedicated line. I too would like trolley busses. I like driving downtown and absolutely hate the idea of the war on the car. There are too many industries that depend on car travel that are located downtown.
That's a bit extreme if I'm honest.
so what's your proposal then?
Yes, but make sure you have a transfer. Also, it doesn't work in the opposite way. Can I ask why you'd want to? It just seems like a bit of a hassle, unless you just want to avoid the crowd of the 196 ...
"Must also befriend a Jew" should be a requirement too
This is what happens when cousin Attila comes on holiday.
Although I do agree a large majority of the blame lies with the driver, Toronto's traffic signage is also overly complicated and too text-based in many circumstances. Take for example, the left turn restrictions signs that display a time period where you cannot make a left hand turn. I have good vision, and I struggle to squint and read the times displayed, making me sit in the middle of an intersection while I figure out if I'm allowed to turn or not. Why not just make the damn text bigger? or install those electronic "no left turn" signs at every downtown intersection? And here, instead of having another sign that says "left turn signal" why not just display a left arrow on the lens of the corresponding signal light? Honestly people are just confusing it for the transit signal probably.... Something like this even: http://i.ytimg.com/vi/0PtmBsmSQnc/0.jpg tl;dr Drivers are incompetent yes, but traffic signage is seriously outdated too
I'm not sure I follow ...
No no, what I'm saying is instead of the sign AND the corresponding traffic signal light for the left turn lane, they install traffic signal lights that have little "left turn" arrows for each of the colors. it's exactly like those green forward arrows you see on some traffic lights, except the arrows would be pointed to the left and there would be an arrow for the yellow and red light as well. Wouldn't that just be easier? And they can even have a light that permits U-turns. They're very common in Europe and much much easier to decipher when you're driving.
Is it just me or is his front tire flat as well?
Yes, we need these at every intersection where left turn restrictions exist. Those miniscule time schedules at the bottom of the existing signs are stupid.
Do you clean up after yourself at a restaurant?
That's quite a ride you had .. Wtf did I say now??? fuck me you people are sensitive
Oh don't worry, plenty of rapey rape and shenanigans going on with voice+text plans too
That's because the city is full of two types of bozos: Those who have absolutely no care for how to design a road system and just copy and paste the same design and intersection type everywhere, so of course people have no idea what the hell to do when they come across something like this. The bozos driving who treat driving like a secondary action after checking Facebook, texting, changing radio stations and what not. I've driven there, there's no god damn reason why someone who is paying attention and has half a brain can't successfully navigate around.
The picture in the list does not correspond with the car though. Pictured is a regular Volvo V70, but the car in question is actually the fairly rare V70-R (for the time rare, however now it's considered a "unicorn"). If you had one of those that would be really cool. Here's a picture https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/77/Volvo_V70R_AWD_%286073666554%29.jpg/1280px-Volvo_V70R_AWD_%286073666554%29.jpg
Not sure if you're kidding..
Wow, what a colossal cocksucker you are
Yeah they do, into their own lane. You don't get first pick at whichever lane you'd like.
God damn tarantula shit hawks
That's ironic considering how diluted it already is..
Take note Dean Blundell, this is a respectable radio host, not some dim wit making fart jokes on the morning radio show for 14 year kids you asshat
I still like Mark Tewksbury more
Story?
This is probably why they have Autoshare and Zipcar vehicles located in the parking lots.. And trust me just enrol one/your family members vehicles (because they need the ownership too for registration) and swipe the mirror pass for every car, the parking enforcement do not look up every pass number to make sure it's registered to the parked car, if it's there it's there, and they move on.
8 year olds dude..
46
What god damn cowards. Crimes like these are just the lowest of the low, fuckin' amateurs. I'm glad you're okay OP, it's just a damn phone life goes on, go hug your loved ones
Well there you have it
You just went ahead...and made a new streetlight? Probably not a good idea..
You are so smart
OMGOMGOMGOMG
I agree, they're stupid big and look goofy
