" 'Blow up Betty' is in the box on the top shelf, Mr. Carey."
[Bob Johnson] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFHlJ2voJHY) ^...oh ^,wait.
[One of these.] (http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/funny-nose-glasses-disguise-front-view-groucho-marx-mustache-isolated-white-background-34641069.jpg) I guarantee you'll have a good time just going about your daily routine wearing these in public.
[For the ~~Stupid~~ Uninitiated] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RUBEXtWLdE)
I hate to imagine how many bindles of the pot that kid is going to inject when he grows up.
Well hey, problem solved!
[Or worse, you get a weird combination of the two. (Sorry for the small image.)] (http://assets.amuniversal.com/700f4f605dc2012ee3bf00163e41dd5b)
"Sure they could. I used to melt carbonite beams on the farm back home, they're no weaker than steel." (Don't fact check that, please, the force is not strong with this one.)
That my mom's been reading my bank statements for the last four months.
["I ATE THE CANNOLI!"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZd6enuJGx0)
"My fellow Americans..."
I can't keep up, I need to fix my hearing aid!
[The only response.] (http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/750/629/8ec.gif)
I'll be honest, I'm not entirely sure. The story's been floating around for some time, so there may be some inaccuracies, but we are certain that there was an attempt at unionization, and everybody was laid off.
Part of it is that the new hire InDoc process has been thoroughly streamlined, to the point that if we have ten applicants in training on monday and only one sees it out to friday, the company is still turning a profit on that one new hire. The downside is all of our new guys know jack shit about how the job is actually done, which leaves the old guard (me and maybe two dozen other guys out of a crew of 150+) to teach them how to do their job, while doing their job. Ironically, this is part of what causes this company's huge turnover rate.
["*This is crack.*"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLZptx6UQLk)
Well, it's been through four accidents, two of which were when the car was in my possesion, both of which were my fault, and one of which was major damage to the front end because I fell asleep and ran a red light (Protip: don't work 5 hours with no breaks on a 12 hour shift, kids!) So the engine's got a knock and the alignment's off, the other accident was me forgetting to put the car back into drive when the fucker in front of me almost backed into me at an intersection and I put it into reverse to try and avoid an accident (Didn't work too well, did it?) so the trunk doesn't lock properly and my license plate is basically nailed to the back end, The engine and transmission have had a leak for ten-odd years, the windows don't work, the AC doesn't work, the cassette player doesn't work, one of the doors doesn't open properly, the gas cap door is held in place with hangar wire, there's barf stains all over the passenger seat from when my sister went through her bulimia phase, the brakes are iffy, some of the lights in the dash have gone out, I've replaced the battery, alternator, fuses, brake pads, fenders, hood, windows, and god knows what else, some many, many times, some of the seals are bad so the cabin is leaky as hell, the radio's choppy on its best days, and because I have to drive it 80+ miles on a roundtrip to work, it gets worse every day, and I never seem to have the money to replace anything that isn't critical because things go critical all the time. But it could be worse, I guess.
There are no good people.
[Or maybe a milk bone?] (https://vimeo.com/65107797)
I'll trade you for [prune face.] (http://media.liveauctiongroup.net/i/5361/8439298_1.jpg?v=8CB253D64E86030)
Whoa whoa, man. The first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club.
Better yet, save the bag when you finish and put in the corresponding brand-name cereal when you buy it. This has the added benefit of camouflaging your good cereal.
thank mr skeltal
"Is this a porno?" "Student documentary." "Ah."
"She's dead, Jim." "Oh GOD... Wait, Jim?"
["D'uh, Sorry fellas!"] (https://comiclists.files.wordpress.com/2013/06/archie-moose_mason.jpg)
It's Daggerfall, the second one.
Just as a heads up, Waxworks, if we're both thinking of the 1992 one that looks like Wizardry or Ultima Underworld or similar games, with your dead uncle in a crystal ball? That one's on GOG.com.
I liked that The Holy Grail had subtitles for people who don't like the film, where they take lines from Henry IV and make them fit the script as well as possible.
Oh, you had the meatloaf too?
It looks like your dad has at least a grand tied up in Dwarven Forge, judging by the size and depth of those bins on the bottom right. A man after my own heart.
"Okay, pretend it's thanksgiving and this bread is a turkey." *Sigh* BZZZZZZZZ ["OH MY GOD IT'S SO JUICY!"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5-ITF2iI8w)
I would still keep your CV and resume updated. You don't want to be blindsided.
No, you're supposed to [cut it in half and stick a scoop of ice cream between the two halves.] (http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1099211/thumbs/o-POP-TART-ICE-CREAM-SANDWICH-570.jpg?6) C'mon guys, get it together.
"The hills are, uh... alive with the... sound... of...?" "*X GON GIVE IT TO YA ^^WHAT? FUCK WAITIN' FOR YOU TO GET IT ON YOUR OWN, X GON DELIVER TO YA*"
[Answer:] (http://imgur.com/gallery/sneoW)
Correct! You have the board, Mr. Diggler.
I would wave the inheritance flag, but given that he's living in a house of five as the only able-bodied person, I assume he's getting half of a beat up couch, the *good* cistern, and about tree fiddy before taxes.
"I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse." "AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"
And diet Dr. Pepper, don't forget that!
You know who else practiced genocide? [HITLER!] (http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/GodwinsLaw)
The tumblers in Dan's apartment door shifted as he turned the key, and set in place with a familiar click. It had been almost a month since he'd left his old job and opted to do freelance repair service. No more constantly patching up superhero-sized holes in the HQ walls when trainees lost their tempers, no more pipe repairs when guys like Cryolad accidentally froze over the men's room, and, perhaps best of all, no more having to replace every goddamn lightbulb (to say nothing of all the wiring, structure damage, tiling, and so on) when villains came calling. Maybe his life wasn't spectacular now, but it was pretty good, and that's all Dan had ever wanted. Unfortunately for the League of Heroes, their non-hero employment proved to be anything but 'pretty good.' The pay was awful, as "serving heroes is its own reward," the benefits sucked, and the job itself was a constant ordeal, as Dan had learned all too well those ten years. Worse still, the government tended to look the other way where heroes broke minor laws, given that most served as the enforcers of the major ones. That was all fine and dandy for them, but without even minimal government supervision, abuses ran rampant in the workplace. Supervisors ignored safety regulations, cut corners wherever possible, and made life a living hell for any who objected. Corporate began squeezing its workforce, insisting that the long hours and low pay contributed to a greater cause, and that compensation would be given when Headquarters could afford it, but that day never seemed to come. Dan would have left the week he started, but leaving the league was taboo in the larger community. After all, who would voluntarily object to serving this noble cause? Paul's replacement came as a shock to Dan. Paul, the day shift communications specialist, was a veteran of the league's behind the scenes work, and made it his job to take care of the poor bright-eyed bastards who signed on thinking the proximity to superheroes somehow justified the terrible working conditions, as Dan once did. Dan found a friend in him one day when Paul needed a handyman to rewire a console. Despite his disgruntled nature, Dan took pride in the work he did, and he and Paul found rapport with one another in being the 'true heroes' of the complex. Throughout the years, there had been many attacks on HQ, and everyone believed the lockdown drills had been pretty effective in protecting the most vulnerable employees in the complex. He couldn't recall the last death that had actually occurred on the grounds. The comms room itself, however, needed to be heavily fortified, the services provided too critical to allow Paul to leave his post in an emergency. Thanks to the mismanagement of the complex, it remained as vulnerable a point in HQ as it was the day the league was founded. And over time, the villains learned that tidbit. Paul ended up dying in the line of duty, as their contracts stipulated might rarely happen, yet there were no grand memorials, no mournings, no opulent ceremonies, as heroes were wont to do for their own fallen comrades. A very quiet burial for the family, NDA's to keep the grieving silent, and a new opening for a communications specialist. Though deaths were relatively rare, other support staff who had fallen as a result of collateral damage had been treated much the same way, bodies disposed of quietly, fresh job postings popping up, to protect the safe image projected by the League. Had Paul's family not informed Dan of his friend's untimely death, he might have believed the bullshit retirement-and-protection-program story the PR division had woven. Dan quit the day he found out. He told everybody he could in the complex: His own disclosure clauses did not extend to the other employees, and whether he endeavored to spite his masters, avenge his friend, or attempt to save the lives of his coworkers, it didn't matter. The news inevitably spread outside the complex, and the effects of a more informed populace were catastrophic. Some left, some stayed, some even tried to unionize. The city began to protest the league, and the corporate arm knew they had done themselves in. Dan didn't stick around for the aftermath. He'd had enough of these 'heroes', after what had happened. Or so he thought. --- The phone rang. Dan knew the number all too well. "I've said it a million times, Mike. I didn't tell anybody outside HQ shit. Your lawyers are going to have to find a different angle if you want to- "Dan. It's Laser Lass. Mike's gone. Everybody's gone." "What?" "They left after the fallout. After most of the staff quit, corporate began hemorrhaging money trying to keep the place running with temps, but nobody would stay. The place has fallen apart. The last batch of new trainees just about destroyed the barracks, the cafeteria's practically a biohazard, and I don't even want to think about the septic situation. Please, we need help. We'll do anything." "Look, you're maybe one of the half dozen people that ever gave a shit about us, super or not. Even if we have a whole new staff, the corruption inherent in the power structure will just sour the workplace again. We all watched it happen before: It'll be the same hell it always was." "Dan, please. You've got to help us. We've been through hundreds of these numbers, a lot of them don't work anymore, and the people we do manage to get through to just hang up. This is the longest conversation I've had with anybody who used to work for the league since it fell apart." "I can't do this again. You know how hard it was to work there." "We're starting to learn, believe me. The few of us who had any background in, well, anything, tried to fix the problems themselves. But we just don't have the skills or manpower to pull this place together. Not even Speedwave can fix problems faster than they pop up, and for all his strength, Super Sigma can't figure out how to rebuild a sound structure. I honestly don't know how you did it." "Yeah, you'd be surprised. It almost takes a hundred sup..." Dan trailed off, lost in thought. Maybe this could work after all. --- As he stood in the newly furnished workshop, Dan shook his head, chuckling to himself. Nearly two hundred men and women, boys and girls, wearing coveralls and hard hats over their capes, suits, and masks. "Dan! How's it going?" Laser Lass flew down from the catwalks, clipboard in hand. "Well, we've got everyone working on something. That group over there, Jim's teaching them how to keep wires bundled together and sorted, and they'll be going over electrical sockets and such tomorrow. Dave's keeping those guys busy with pipe sealing techniques, and I think they'll be putting the bathrooms together this week, and I couldn't be happier, because those port-a-potties are really starting to reek in this heat. Robby-" "Yeah, I saw Robby was teaching the new guys how to screw in lightbulbs. I've got to be honest, this is not what I imagined when you said you had a plan, but it's incredible. Handyman Heroes. What a concept!" "I know, right? I wasn't sure it would even work, but I have to say, people are a lot more careful with the things they have to put together themselves. Hell, this place is looking better than it ever did." "With all the extra hands we've got, we'll be able to get this place in tip-top shape, and when we're done here, any members we can spare will help bring in funds, learn valuable skills, and rebuild a positive image in the community. It might even help them be more invested in the protection of the city. It's perfect, Dan!" As if on cue, the alarm rang throughout the shop. "Well, there's always room to improve, kiddo. OKAY, GROUP 5, YOU'RE ON POINT! SHOW THEM WHAT YOU'VE GOT!" As soon as Dan had called on them, a dozen heroes ripped their coveralls off and rushed out of the building to fight the villain of the week. He chuckled to himself again. Sure, there were arguments, and not everybody bought into the idea of job training and maintainance as hero work, but many saw the greater good it would do, and many was enough to make it work. This plan wasn't spectacular, but it was pretty good. And that's all Dan had ever wanted.
You can in the final mix for PS3.
["Sorry, bob. Gotta let you go."] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1ytCEuuW2_A)
"Friends, Family... We are gathered here today to remember the dearly departed, Mrs... Uh, where is she?"
Their fabric, of course.
I said, *that guy isn't dying anytime soon.*
Lotta red in that graph...
♫ *Lend me your ears, and I'll sing you a song,* ♫ ♫ *And I'll try not to sing out of key.* ♫
I would ask "What?" But I'm pretty sure somebody's just going to type that out in all caps, and I don't think I have the mental fortitude to read it again. EDIT: Oh, you're a Markov Chain Generator, aren't you? Look at you go, little buddy!
