Cody Kessler, Nick Chubb, Trevon Boykin, Deshaun Watson, JT Barrett, Connor Cook, Dak Prescott, Leonard Fournette, . You think he's better than all but 2 of them? Especially given that he's playing behind a god-tier offensive line/coach that turned a player who had never started a game with few starting reps in practice into a Heisman finalist, and another QB who played 3 games into a first round contender?
...are you saying girls are worse at math than boys?
Lebron would definitely be over him at 3-2.
There were 25 minutes left...
MAYBE IF YOU DIDN'T KEEP SHITTING ON US LIKE JOSH SMITH DID THE CLIPPERS WE WOULDNT
The East is objectively weak though.
Curry probably helps more than he does
In the eyes of stupid bigots maybe not
You can't use one show as evidence of societal values. Also, Jack was haunted by his choices continually throughout the show. Also, season 1 was made before 9/11
It's a fair point. Do you think society is as racist as it was in the 70s?
Are you saying they should not make money? There are more people who prefer Abram's version than a more Star Trek-resembling one, so why shouldn't they make his version?
DAE think Americans are dumb??
Care to detail some inefficiencies? I'm pretty new myself
I wish I knew enough flags/current events to understand the humor
I think all of Reddit sees him as the Cinderella right now
Were any of his assists 3 pointers?
What game is this?
If some guy keeps marrying women that show up murdered, I don't care how little evidence there is, he probably killed them.
Happened to Tyrone Swoopes after the Elite 11 IIRC
Nobody "expects" to have a season ending injury. Yeah, it has to be an outcome that is planned for in case it happens (and I'm sure they did), but nobody expects an injurt
Did this get linked to one of the crazy ones? I'm honestly in shock
Non-basketball fans won't know
Culturally It just feels different
Yes you can it disrupts everything
People can't watch the playoffs because of a fucking parade. That is beyond stupid, I don't know why PAC and B1G fans care so strongly about what day the Rose Bowl is on
The game has been pushed back from January 1st multiple times this century. Apparently tradition doesn't matter enough to compete with the NFL for views.
Apparently it's not too important of a tradition when it has to compete with the NFL. They have no problem moving it when New Years falls on a Sunday
Old old joke from a 4chan thread
&gt; losing players during the game is so much more impactful than losing them before. Except for when the players you lose during the game give you a 31 point head start
But you got a 31 point head start
holy shit
So that's what y'all meant when you talked about Pac 12 refs
Screw it it's as lighthearted trash talk as it comes
What did he do to mess up UT and A&amp;M?
40% of Americans have college degrees so I'd say being in that group gives you a very good chance of being middle class
So we shouldn't even have physics majors? Jesus Christ man, you sound like a bitter 60 year old who blames everything on lazy kids
Other acceptable answers include: Jakeem Grant's Immaculate Reception, Nick Rose's missed extra point
I meant I didn't know if the programs were ongoing or not
I don't think the SEC is any more unique with their offenses than other conferences.
You guys aren't very good at football
If you're talking about Girl Crush the song is not at all about lesbians
Your high school class was 1/6 of the entire town?
At some point it becomes too fat and I think this is past that point
I don't know what's more disappointing: Alabama winning or the trainer girl's ass y'all were hyping up
That is honestly the best onside I've ever seen
Howard had 208 of Bama's 335 passing yards. Insane
What incredible call and execution
Fucking normies won't be here for offseason shitposts
I'd say your secondary was more at fault
So say we all
