pretty long, if NKorea needs resources, they will threaten the entire world and the world will give him resources again. Also, lets not forget China and Russia are still an allies of North Korea.
that's your assumption, I can't downvote, the arrow is not available, dumbass
ehhh no, Bazoer is the best Ajax player with Tete, Bazoer deserves to be 78-79 and Tete 79.
What are your custom tactics you use? And what instructions do you give your players?
sorry mate and thanks
He's even good on LCM/CM
Yeah so true, he seems a lot faster and his attacking sense is amazing really.
Yeah true, not for that kind of money. Luckily I had IF Lamela and Lavezzi. Later I got Aguero, Biglia, Pastore and Di Maria. Now I'm thinking of just putting him on the bench since I he's great to come in and wreck havoc when the opponent is tired. Got a bit of money now so I'm thinking of combining other players with Aguero.
do the skill game, it really helps :) just retry everytime you fail or dont perfect it, you will get the hang of it
EAids white knights will come in and say that this is the realism we wanted and that EAids is doing everything right
I dont think the chemistry card is an issue, when you play him on a different position he often has different instruction, just put him back first and see if he plays normally again.
Was just about to post this lol
they are number 1 at the moment so what are you talking about?
I laughed, hard
I do, but you're obviously biased while I'm not a fan of any club. If Van der Wiel is 78, so should Tete at least. Bazoer is better than Klaassen at the moment and he's 79 rated. Bazoer should at least be 78 like Tete.
Leno
not really I've read it many times here lol
same, I dont get it why he gets praised all the time, if you want to guy for the title, Mane isn't good enough.
no one is implying that, you are bringing up a point no one mentioned in this, its just true he isnt good enough to make us a title winner, but that doesnt mean he shouldnt come or he doesnt have qualities.
Hi Palmer, I've been following the rift for quite some time, not as fanatic as I have seen other people do, but I'm still quite excited. My question is, which game in which setting/gaming setup has given you the best impression/experience of the Rift?
that's his phone
not on the first touch but if there's a guy trying to get it from you, you will shield it during the first touch
Another injury
Yeah with all the limitations he had, he couldnt get a few world class players he wanted, so what only remains are the old players and some expensive new ones he did get but aren't good enough yet
No they shouldn't, the players aren't that good really. They have a lot of potential, but they just aren't that good.
How is Mourinho any different than Van Gaal? Look where he brought Chelsea. Now before you say he won titles with Chelsea, LVG also won titles.
Unbeaten at the world cup isn't a relevant success? In 2010 he won the Bundesliga with Bayern Munich after a rocky start. So many here are glory hunters. You need to give him time. 2 seasons isn't enough to fix such a broken team.
Bale is great, Neymar not that great because of his finishing. But he still can score a lot and 5 star skills + 5 star weak foot. I got the money to buy Messi or Ronaldo, not sure which one I will get.
I play with Ronaldo a lot in FUT Draft and I love the way he plays. He's so OP. But Messi has better chemistry with my Aguero and Tevez.
Can anyone tell me when I should buy Ramos, Boateng, Modric, Neuer and Alaba?
Bale has more shot power which helps for scoring as well.
a lot of people dont appreciate logic but prefer to let their emotions run wild
he does often but players personal mistakes happen
I wonder how the fat man feels now that Rooney has scored
LVG - Liverpool 4-0
senor i think
Sold my squad while players were still expensive. My team now in 4-3-1-2 Ronaldo - Neymar James Rodriguez Vidal - Modric - Iniesta Alaba - Boateng - Ramos - Danilo Neuer Loving this squad, especially Ronaldo, he's even more insane than in FUT Draft because the opponents are weaker. Neymar feels like an extra CAM which is great because I play everything to Ronaldo. Which creates space.
Japan havent apologized for comfort women.
He wont add anything extra with the current midfielders we have now. A creative attacking midfielder with pace is needed.
Lukaku to Madrid? No way
they havent apologized to specific countries, like the Netherlands, we're still waiting for an apology.
yeah I think he's great as well, but I'd rather see someone else....I dont feel like Kroos can force a win.
exactly what I wanted to say, Shaw might not come back in time or properly. And its good to have competition. Im also sure both of them can play on the other side as well.
still would be filled with contracts and no TOTY player hahaha
Wesley Snipes?
yeah especially Ronaldo's height, jumping power, finishing, 5* skill moves, shot power, nothing compared to what Neymar and Messi have.
4312 with Ronaldo and Neymar as LF and LF haha
I've had that in FIFA 15. I started making another team but that fun only lasted a short time. Then I started playing other games or other modes like Pro Clubs which is great if you have a bunch of friends who play FIFA.
Get Marcelo, there wont be any better LB. Godin and Higuain will most likely get a TOTS so there will be better versions of them. Marcelo's price will rise more and more.
89 rated Benzema? I'll sell my Neymar for that!
