Hey I know a lot of the guys with XXX are really fast do they have a "older/fatter/slower" group...still like to ride but the truly competitive days are over?
Yep I worked for a lawyer and it took him 90 days. In the winter it takes longer.
Strength training at this age is priority number one, reason being is that she's been losing muscle mass for over 20 years. It can be reversed but not time to dilly dally. In addition her bone density is probably for shit, very common with woman and older people in general and strength training will help increase her bone density. This is really important as a broken bone can be the difference between living at home or living in a nursing home. Obviously cardio is great but she can get this by taking a walk every night after dinner, the gym isn't necessary. Honestly a good linear progression weight program with squats (think about the trouble older people have getting out of chairs/couches) and deadlifts scaled to her current abilities would probably be best for her.
I know lots of masters athletes that do plyos but they also can squat a lot of weight. The Russians used plyos to eek out an extra percentage or two out of there high-end athletes. This after they eek out everything they could from weight training. What drives me crazy is weak athletes doing plyos they are just setting themselves up for injury, they should be squatting. Plyos shouldn't really be done until you can at the very least squat your own weight. I think a lot of people think they should be doing plyos because they see it on TV and because Crossfit.
that's the point, companies skirt around their beloved excuse of supply and demand by rigging the system (via paying off the government) and bringing their supply from another country(s)
when I was 20 I used to work out at the same gym as this [monster](http://tnation.t-nation.com/free_online_forum/sports_body_training_performance_bodybuilding_strength/ed_coan_still_the_king) . Granted I weighed 145lbs but yea I'm squatting 225 and he's pressing 315.
My buddy died a few weeks ago at 47. He had a wife and two little girls. He also had his first heart attack at 33. We both work/worked in a high stress environment where I don't move very much. I don't want to join my friend.
GO TO CLASS! schedule your classes in the afternoon if you can, while 8:00am seems fine in Highschool it's painful in college.
Don't believe the hype. We have lots of talented tech people in the US. What we don't have is cheap, talented tech workers. But yes there is work but don't kid yourself as soon as they can figure a way to offshore development those jobs are gone.
I work for one of the largest IT companies in the world (for quite a while). In my opinion I think we are seeing another "internet bubble" but this time more software focused. The same crazy shit that was happen in the 90's with everything IT is going on with software development. No product, just an idea, your company is wroth $20MM. We'll see if I'm right.
Wasn't there some parent out in the burbs somewhere that bought a house across the street from his kids school so his kid would have a place to park his car?
Give me a break. You can't get 60% of the population to vote, do you really think they will revolt.
You have a lot of balls in the air. First regarding the gym. Check out the linear progression program (there are several) it starts easy but you progress every time you you lift (for a beginner this can last for months). Spend a little money and get a trainer to show you how to properly execute the lifts, I know they look simple but there is some technique involved. The nice thing about lifting is the increased muscle mass will burn more calories so even if your diet is messed up you will go in the right direction. Cardio, try to walk and hour a day even if it's broken into 15 minutes segments it's a plus. You know to skip/cut back on beer, but hey you are in Germany -drink in moderation. Finish your damn dissertation! Exercise has been shown to improve motivation and concentration -use the boost you'll get to get you over the finish line with the PHD. As far as the job, I understand completely I have the same type of job. Of my 10 co-workers 5 have had heart attacks in the last 3 years and two have died. My motivation is I don't want to join them, let that sink in because you sound like you are on the same path. Good luck, don't start off too hard DOMS sucks and remember it will feel easier in a few weeks I promise.
If you are in support remember you are really in customer service, just like a waiter in a restaurant. Be nice, be respectful and do your best. Don't be a dick. Grow a thick skin you will be called an asshole by everyone. One last thing there are many ways to do something and your way is one of them. Don't ever say, "the last guy didn't know what he was doing", that is an amerature move, just say "This is interesting". You reputation will go a long way so protect it. One last thing, long ago I was told my biggest problem is I make things look too easy. Don't do this, if they expect something to take a week and you can do it in an hour, take a 4 days to let them know you are do. If it look easy even if it isn't people won't value it.
I work at a huge IT company so I work with a lot of older 50s/60s engineers and these guys are a breed of their own. I think the biggest thing is that they really like to tinker (break/screw around with) everything. They like to take stuff apart and god help us if the read about something somewhere because they will try it out. Same goes for my uncle PHD in aeronautical engineering, he's in his 80's but he's always tinkering with something, it could be anything from his home network to wrenching on cars to improving manufacturing processes (yeah he still works because he likes it)
Never trust your manager. Don't get me wrong I've been friendly and have friends that were my manager but when it comes to work do not trust them with your livelihood. It's very simple, once you get past the idealism of your 20's you realize you have a family to support (if only you), bills to pay and a house to keep over your head, when push comes to shove who do you choose you/your family or your boss/friend. I can answer that question from the bosses side, he will choose him and his family -you need to do the same.
Well stripping the family of their wealth is stupid but it begs the question what is the intent of the sentence. If it is to rehabilitate him back into society, the the punishment should probably be an anger management class and maybe AA. If the sentence is meant to punish him so he doesn't do something stupid like this again then the fine should be high enough to cause some pain and the public service should be working with/for peasants long enough that he learns either respect for all people or the ability to keep his mouth shut.
I agree about the jail time, the people would end up picking up the tab, he'd be released as soon as he was booked (seems to happen to every rich person in LA) or he'd go to a private country club prison where he'd work on he tan and tennis game. In this case I believe the sentence is meant to be punishment and to this little asshole any amount of community service is probably punishment. My hope is that they give him the "worst/hardest" community service they can find, not picking up garbage on the side of the road with the DUI convicts. Maybe working with the extremely poor and sick, this kid needs a reality check and maybe this sentence will be it.
but..but...but....the free market says that Uber is priced perfectly right now, not too high not too low. If they raise their rates won't they lose money?
People also tend to forget that the 90% tax bracket applied to only a few people in the country probably less than 100. If it were to be put back into place it probably wouldn't kick in until you were making in the 100's of millions. I really wouldn't feel to bad about somebody making that kind of money paying higher taxes.
and if you believe in the free market that's good because you give the opportunity for somebody else to make the money you don't want.
that would be Whiting, Hammond is paradise.
I'm in the tech field (20+ years), I'm hoping to squeeze out another 12-15 years. It's a moving target, you will always be learning something new trying to remain relevant. There is a lot of automation going on and so many IT departments are being collapsed into "the cloud" the job market will get tighter. There seems to be a lot of work in development but a lot of that work is BS companies trying to be the next whatsapp. I suggest dental school.
While I do agree about the wage stagnation I do think there is another problem. Regarding the millennials, I don't think they have value other people's work. What I mean is everything to them is about the lowest price and free is better. They don't buy music they steal it, they do not value the musicians work or the work of all the people involved in it's production and the same goes for all types of media, if it's not free it will be stolen. Same goes for all this "sharing economy" non-sense. No need for hotels or cab drivers or owning cars - just use them as needed. They are screwing themselves and they don't know or don't care.
with the ACA you are no longer bound to your employer. Before if you had a pre-existing condition and you left your company you'd be SOL, that isn't the case now. I'd love single payer, a quicker solution might be to add medicare to the unemployment insurance package and screw Cobra.
I get it, I really do I worked for minimum wage, give or take a dollar will I was 26. But companies like Amazon and Uber are killing the job market and the few pennies you save could help create jobs (your job). These companies are not about spreading the wealth so to speak, it's a known fact Uber doesn't want employees and Amazon, unless you are at the top, doesn't pay there people shit and work the crap out of them. In my mind it's penny wise and pound foolish. In my mind you need to keep your money local and buy from brick and mortars.
There are pluses and minuses to being an owner occupied building. Depending on where you live you may have more discretion on who you rent an apartment to and you have some other legal advantages. As others have said you keep a better eye on the place when you live on premises. There is the issue about people knowing you are the owner, I don't find this a problem as the building is small and I have good renters but with larger properties I just tell people I'm the manager (I tell them the owner lives in Florida). Run the numbers and open a second bank account strictly for the building and the rental units, don't try to deduct your new stove and granite countertop it's not a business expense. Finally remember that owning a rental is a long term play and as long as you are paying the bills you are making money.
Yes it's easy to blame you "damn kids", I think the difference is that it's been normalized now where I still have "buy American" beaten into my head and Walmart really did a number on small town america.
I think you need to be a little sport specific. I'm a middle-distance/long sprinter and my training is very different than how a football player would train, everything I do is in a straight line (I'd probably blow out a knee if I made a hard cut). You on the other hand are probably looking to be quick and agile on the field/court. Try doing 20-40m sprints, walk back and do it again for 20 minutes three times a week. You could also add running patterns. The idea is to go as hard as you can until you start getting sloppy or feel pain. Workouts should total out to ~500m to start and as you get into better shape increase it to maybe 1000m. Remember you are looking for multiple short bursts of speed not to run a 5m mile so don't get caught up in running too damn far (if you ever sprint over 120m ask yourself why). BTW, nothing wrong with warming up with a 1/2-1 mile run and the same goes for a cool down.
I have a similar background, this would be a great workout for a soccer(football) mid-fielder. A mid-fielder has to be quick and agile but they also run their asses off so having endurance is important.
You can do it all it's just harder to get there. In your case, if you are not running a little distance you probably want to add it - nothing special maybe just 3 miles 3-4 times a week. After your run do your sprint drills. Be careful doing hard cuts (I won't talk about getting older) you may not be strong enough yet and you could really screw yourself up if you cut too hard too soon. I don't consider this specifics first as you've already done your time in the weight room and I assume you still have athletic ability since you played in college.
Some parts are good, but I really don't like union busting. Finally don't give me a freaking rebate just pay down the damn debt, when all the bills are aid then we can talk rebate.
Willmett made the list and Robbins didn't....wow this knucklehead doesn't get out much.
another problem is that people buy into the "American Dream" and what I mean by that is a big house in the burbs and two nice cars and a pool table and a cool bar in the basement and a fishing boat and on and on and on. People by furniture by the week! People pay 50K for a truck! People think that a 3500sf house is too small for a family of 4. It's all a game to get you to spend more than all your money and most people fall for it hook, line and sinker. I felt deprived in my 20's because all the other techies I knew were driving cool cars and wearing nice watches (I spent my early 20's really poor so I couldn't be a spender and nobody would give me a CC anyway). Now I look back and laugh at those guys because despite making good money for a long time most of them don't have much to show for it.
I don't understand why the NG/LP stove would be so difficult, same sensor and a solenoid, seems pretty straight forward and more universal (for HW heaters &amp; furnaces)
If I could have picked up my lovely 1878 Beverly Victorian and plopped it down somewhere on the northside I could have sold it for an easy $1MM, instead I was really happy to get $375K....location, location, location. And speaking of Hyde Park, I know someone who picked up one of the mansions on 57th and Woodlawn for about 200K back in the 80's, god knows what it would go for now.
I did that for about a year, I worked the door and bartended depending on the night. It was a good gig as I'd put a few hundred in my pocket every week so I never needed to take money out for spending money. After a while it gets rough on the body, working a full day and then working till 2-3AM and then getting up the next morning to go to work. Second service jobs don't believe in taking vacations so while my day job was cool with me going to Mexico for a week, the bar job bitches and moaned about it. BTW, there is plenty of time to gt a hangover between 2:00am and when you actually leave.
because running unopposed is not democracy.
I thought I was a fighter until I spent a couple of weeks in Thailand. I'm 6'3" 200ish and I was getting my ass handed to me by these little Thai guys who couldn't have weighed more than 130. Now I'm older and I don't want to fight anyone, even if you win it hurts too much.
Not sure where you are located but I'm guessing the US. Chances are it will only be an hour so it will most likely go like this. Warm-up, instruction (how to throw a punch/kick), practice instruction, light sparring, pad work, heavy bag, ab work/cool down. If you are in Thailand start with a 3-4 mile run, then do everything as above but for 2-3 hours.
Andersonville. Rent, 2000 for a 3/1 in a OO two flat. Utils, ~100 for NG and Elec. Food (eating in) ~400 for two. Closest El: Bryn Mawr 10min. This is a great area and I think it's improving in many ways. It's not a young vibe here like other areas of the city, this is more of the 30 and older crowd but there are lots of things to do and places to eat. It's also in close proximity to the lake/bike/running path which in my book is a really big deal. To be blunt Clark Street is a little expensive (with a few exceptions) everything's description starts with "upscale" which is nice some times but other times I really want a cheap beer and a good burger. Broadway, on the other hand is where I can find said beer and burger, it's just not as nice as Clark St but it's improving every day and I hardly recognise it from 20 years ago when it was pretty much a waste land. My only complaint is that it is getting popular with the stroller brigade so we are seeing the McMansions popping up and children showing up in bars. I don't so much hate the McMansions as it's just a sign the area is getting pricey.
Hasn't this been settled by the SC? The president is given wide latitude on how he runs the executive branch and any EO must be within the current law (by the executive's interpretation). For example regarding illegal aliens, the executive has a limited budget and has chosen to focus it's power/money on deporting criminal instead of children, it's a policy decision similar to a city choosing to write speeding tickets instead of parking tickets. If however the Congress doesn't like the executives policy decision (EO) they can pass a law changing it.
Say what you will, Rachel Maddow ,while I think her show is pretty boring 80% of the time, sometimes does really good news for example the Flint water issue. I would also mention that she constantly clarifies/makes on air corrections if something she said was wrong, you don't see that very much anymore even on stations where practically every other word is a lie.
of course, it's "fine" as long as the guy on my team is doing it. I do wonder if with the new tone of congress, where every bill is filibustered and gridlock is the norm, we'll see more EOs simply because they will be necessary.
Is there anyone who isn't "pro-life"....other than possibly suicidal people. How about anti-choice vs pro-choice.
Because the legislative branch can't won't pass any laws. Anything and everything Obama does via EO could be outlawed by the legislative branch (Congress). They haven't tried to or can't pass the bills. The only bills that seem to actually make it out of the Senate are bills to repeal the ACA (Obamacare) and the president doesn't seem to want to sign it. The current congress is trying to play "my way or the highway" and it doesn't work that way. It has always been about compromise and the Republicans can't pass ANYTHING without help from the Democrats so they must compromise but they don't want to do that.
and after the compromise they still wouldn't vote for it.
I don't believe Congress has given him wartime powers. I don't believe we are at war, could you please show me where congress declared war. (not trying to be shitty but I don't see how Obama or any president can have wartime powers without a war)
Are you the guy with the Kepi?
All the things you've listed will die over time. If you maintain your home you can make things last longer. In addition a lot of home repair is pretty simple and if you have the time to figure out the problem you can save a lot of money. Finally, some things cost you money by keeping them, old furnaces/boilers, old refrigerators, old hotwater heaters and old AC units are highly inefficient and upgrades pay for themselves in a few years. Most upgrades like windows or refinishing a kitchen/bath add zero value to your home unless you intend on selling quickly, you do them because you want it Lastly, homeownership probably won't save you any money unless you live there for over 10 years (average is 7). Once all the maintenance costs and insurance and closing and moving are figured into the equation it's usually a wash
