As long as I can drive my enviromentally unfriendly land yacht into California and not have a problem, fine. Not really a fan of the "San Angeles" model of environmental regulation.
&gt; Google is WAY more globally-minded about their development community and users' entry into the platform(s) That's not always a good thing. In the case of the US and developed countries, it negatively affects things.
Given that it stands for a certain belief that has many participants forcing themselves on others under threat of murder, no thanks. I like to keep my head attached to my body and the ability to practice my religion. Apparently some people disagree with at least one of those.
Indeed. It's the very thing Reddit's resident SJW population would not like at all.
Thankfully, she received one thanks to 'Murican freedom.
No, she's pointing out the painful truth, and it seems like many people of that religion can't take it - much like Dear Leader Pao and a fair amount of SJW's on Reddit.
As it is practiced in the world, not so much.
Unfortunately, the very people that support it here would be amongst the first.
I was raising the point of what happened after desegregation.
I'm only pointing out that there is an unnaturally strong sentiment in Reddit to play the victim card for the purpose of harassing others.
That came from an era when 4-cylinder turbos were actually about performance and not a way to cut cylinder count.
Unfortunately, they are quite naive in thinking that this would stop them.
No thank you, but I would pass on that suggestion. Reddit would turn it into a SJW version of North Korea.
Given that the product designs appear to consider US (and a fair amount of the original Thinkpad market) as a secondary/legacy market, they hide it well. What you call purism is what I call an understanding of product identity. That black, rectangular slab of durable, maintenance-friendly, well-serviced, no-compromise computing is a large part of what makes it a Thinkpad. The attempts to "consumerize" the platform go against that identity, as they put in the things that drove them away to the Thinkpad. It is instantly recognized not for its fashion, but its ability to smartly do the job. If I wanted something that thought my part of the world as an afterthought, compared to the Chinese home market of Lenovo, I would have not cared. I'd be fine with them turning it to a glorified Dell with Lenovo markings on it. ^(As an aside, is it possible for individuals to order TAA compliant machines, or otherwise force it to be built in North Carolina?)
Another Hongkouver special?
As opposed to Redditors that play the victim card to harass people? (Wow, nice to see that I get brigaded)
They're not listening when it comes to the keyboard. Not only have they doubled down on chiclets, they have also ruined the layout. Whomever thought of that apparently had no idea how the keyboards are used. On the other hand, it took a long time before they put back IPS displays in workstation-class machines (about 7 years). If it was so possible to put one in my W520, I would just as a jab at Lenovo's refusal to do so. (and for those brigading me here, you're doing yourself a disservice)
&gt; Well the newer models are designed to be simpler and smaller. One more reason that I stick with the 4-slot W-series. It is a small price to pay to delay/bypass the nonsense that plagues the smaller machines. Between them and the larger T series equivalents, that's about the only way to get a traditional Thinkpad. &gt; And as far as it being a recent addition, nope. IBM had models with both on-board memory and sockets too (just like Lenovo now offers.) Yes, but they were relatively ancient models (like the 730T, 600/E/X) or had some nonstandard configuration compared to the rest of the lineup. You had to actively seek them out to find them.
&gt; What HDD's have you been using that die more often than every 2-5 years Seagate Momentus series. &gt; SSD's Unlike SSD's, conventional disks don't require one to minimize writes.
&gt; Some companies just tell you you're "doing it wrong". Others fix it. Lenovo fixed it. Lenovo does both. They do the former in the case of the keyboard (aka "you don't *really* need those keys") while doing the latter with the trackpad, display, and whitelists (after a long time of Not Listening).
I extremely doubt that Lenovo would be willing to produce internal data. It's easier for them to produce individuals like Kohut when concerns come that way. That, and it's easy to squelch the Traditionalist subset of 750m-1bn people in the western world when you have billions of people to "stuff the ballot box".
CPU or GPU? I have a T60p that crossed 75 without any second thoughts.
&gt; However, that doesn't mean a free-for-all. The rules will still require a driver behind the wheel, ready and able to take control should something go wrong. As long as that doesn't change, then no problem exists.
Sounds like a cut-rate reader.
That's a mighty large Xerox machine for cars.
It only proves that the most business-friendly modes of work treat the worker as a problem. Tariffs and a deaf ear to the economists can fix that.
ITT: /u/daswraithist shilling for the secrecy of the TPP. It's a trade treaty, not some DoD secret. In addition, the 60 day period isn't likely to change the act, it's a perfunctory measure to placate the public. The last time a bill was shoved through Congress in secret, it had a negative economic impact.
Then release the documents, even if they are preliminary. It affects the public too much to wait for the perfunctory 60-day waiting period. This isn't some military secret which needs such protection, but a trade document that seeks to call upon a surrender of the US.
Still doesn't invalidate that it is an avoidably bad deal.
It's a trade deal, not military secrets. That, and it affects the public in ways that require disclosure. Besides, what changes do you expect in the public period that aren't just PR measures?
It's not a military secret, it's a public matter. Openness is vital to having it be in the favor of the public and not international interests.
...while we get the raw end of the deal - NAFTA's degree of harm x 10 at least. The mystery meat part of it doesn't help you much either. No thanks, but for a deal that affects so much, a perfunctory 60-day period + 4 year secrecy on notes is no good.
Now if they would do unlocked bootloaders, that'd be great. Thanks to T-Mobile, I got the International Edition just to bypass this nonsense. Half the flash memory, but it has more bands (including the other LTE bands that T-Mobile supports) and can be fully opened up. That, and I already have Lollipop if I so wanted.
Given the lack of trust in public officials with existing trade policy, above-normal levels of transparency are not unwarranted. The 60-day period acts more like a reluctant PR gesture than an actual chance to change the direction of the bill. The 4-year embargo on preliminary notes makes it even worse. If you want people to trust in conventional international diplomacy, then give them a reason to do so - where their objections have meaningful impact. Secrecy has its place in matters of national security and the military - not with public-facing trade policy that interfaces with a highly-distrusted legislative body. (side note: if you're suggesting that I read up more on the subject, perhaps you would do well to suggest a starting point.)
Not everyone wants a watered-down device.
Perhaps the burden should be placed a bit more on the business given their entitlement mentality towards "perfect or offshore" candidates.
For those wanting to work for established companies, or startups/contractors with the stability of Fukushima on a bad day?
Any of them based on established companies? Startup/SME's don't exactly have a good track record with being good to their own.
In other words, Texas hates its workers but loves its businesses?
How about those within that set of majors having prior experience, very good grades (&gt;3.7) but no internships? ^(By the way, you can dispense with the sports terminology. It's not a sport.)
That, and your country has the abominations of zero-hour work and permatemping.
That's why it's important to address the entitlement mentality by employers, such that desperation is not a factor in employment.
Not every phone can readily fit to a bluetooth slider. I had to modify an S4 case just to have something fit for my One, while I'm still looking for an equivalent form factor for my Z3.
&gt; They have transcended from *damn* commies to Captain Planet villain of the week.
The problem is that they changed from that to a debadged console controller.
If that's an Nvidia-equipped machine, check its manufacture date (bottom label). If it's at least 8/2008, you should have no problems down the road. If not, hopefully the previous customer had it serviced. This is all due to a known defect with the Nvidia GPU series at the time. If it's an Intel-based board, no worries.
&gt; Lump of labor fallacy DNE as a "fallacy". On the other hand, it does make for a nice hand-wave. &gt; Seems to contradict available evidence about structural unemployment in developed economies Explain? Structural unemployment is a thing - especially when you look at the labor participation rate. That, and the likely argument about a skills gap is about something that does not exist.
There's nothing sports-like about it. Besides, shafting the citizens of developed countries - such as the US - isn't about the "free market". It is about exacting pain on the First World.
&gt; But structural unemployment does not seem to be increasing That's misleading. The conventional measures have shown a peak of losses in 2009/2010 with smaller subsequent net losses. At best, we're treading water; realistically, we're losing faster than the gains can replace. &gt; Lump of labor is a fallacy. Sorry. The way that it has played out since '07/'08, labor pools have operated in a way that suggests otherwise.
It's only -ism if an approved party is being disadvantaged.
