The Boston Herald is pretty much the Fox News of New England newspapers. If there isn't a liberal/democrat bashing headline (or at the very least front page mention), something particularly important happened the day before. And even then, there's usually a conservative spin on it. This is entirely unsurprising. Source: Boston Native for 34 years.
As a fellow Bostonian I dab dki hnmm./m
My father taught me to drive in Boston, saying "If you can drive in this city, you can drive anywhere". No shit. After the parking lot basic crap, it was "Hop on the highway, we're going to Boston". I learned fast.
I didn't make anything. I had planned to, though I had a ridiculous day and just wanted to relax. We ordered Brazilian food instead. It was amazing.
I knew Gideon was in this season, but I wasn't expecting him to be in that much of the first episode. I was so excited.
!!!!! You know, I thought it looked like him, but I think the brief thought was "Why would they get Quinto to play a corpse? Nah...".
My family had them for a year or two when I was a kid. I remember setting everybody in the house plus guests to watching Quantum Leap. I like to think I helped keep it on the air. :)
Best possible description of the show, in my opinion. :)
Saw them the last time they played in Massachusetts. (Worcester Centrum, 1996). Co-Headlining with Pantera. I'm not being hyperbolic when I say that concert changed my life.
Phil loves to talk, haha. I think I saw Pantera about ten times in the following five or six years, and they could have always played another 5 songs if he had just kept the stage banter at a reasonable level. I'll never forget MTV reporting that had had OD'd like three weeks before the show. Glad he's gotten his shit together...I'm going to see Down in August. Yeah, Deftones were great too. The show in MA had Anal Cunt on first, because they're out of Worcester and Seth was friends with Phil. (He actually did a good amount of the incoherent screams on Trendkill, too).
'97 or 2000? My friend broke his jaw during This Love at the Ozzfest 2000 show. I actually made sure to have a "You aren't prepared for this" talk with my friends that had never been to a Pantera show before. "Be careful. Stay safe. And for the love of god. Get the fuck out of the pit and *off the lawn* when This Love comes on". Sure enough....half way through This Love, he stumbles back to the bleachers we were hanging out at, holding his face. Thankfully the onsite medical folks were fantastic. And yeah...after about my fourth show, I just avoided the pits (which is why I wasn't on the Lawn). Pretty much every single show, someone I know got hurt. Cuh-razy.
One of the things that I thought when initially watching that video is "Huh, the officer is telling most everyone around the camera person to get down. I'll bet *anything* the person filming this is white". Sometimes I hate being right.
I got into it with this guy in the comments section of one of his videos when I stumbled upon it a while back. In a video where he picked apart *literally* every single word out of Laci's Green's video listing the reasons why she was a feminist, he randomly accused her of lying about having been sexually assaulted and implied that slut shaming was explained by evolutionary biology, and therefore....not really a bad thing. (To be fair to a good amount of his viewers, even enough of *them* were so put off by this that he had to post a 30 minute video *explaining* that he didn't really mean it, but actually....yes he actually did and why). I actually go back to that video and check out the senseless stream of MRA/GG hate directed at my comment, whenever I feel like being angry at the world for a little while. Anyway, yeah. TL;DR - Teal Dear is a useless Thunderf00t clone soaking up those precious anti-fem clicks.
Yeah, pretty much this. My room mate binged the first two seasons a month ago, and was bemoaning having to wait until June for Season 3. I was like "Dude....just shut up".
I think my favorite of his is on one of the Laci Green response videos, he actually takes one of the multitudes of reasons she lists of why she's a feminist and asks "How does this one thing make you a feminist!!!???", on *multiple points*. It's like...dude. You're picking apart the video line by line. THE ENTIRE VIDEO IS A LIST OF REASONS WHY. On it's own, maybe they're not sufficient (I guess?) but the whole point is that there are a TON of things that inform her world view. The man has achieved Max Level Cherry-pick.
Yeah, it's not surprising. It's the same four chords over and over again, in the same order from start to finish. I'd play it with my friend singing at Open Mics...but more because I love the shit out of the song, rather than "It's easy, and I want to get laid". It's actually (sort of) the same four chords as Smashing Pumpkins' 'Disarm' during the verse. (Well...different chords, but same root notes, and progression).
Yeah, no kidding. I'm pretty sure I actually said an audible "WTF?" (non-anagram form) when I saw this headline. Almost literally the last person on the planet I'd expect to make that kind of ridiculous mistake.
I like What the Flick as a review show a lot. Even if you're not a fan of The Young Turks (which is kind of it's parent show), they're often a pretty great resource. Also, Alonso is friends with Bryan Fuller, so things like this happen.
That whole end scene was amazing, though. They did a really good job of getting you emotionally invested in the Raptors....I was legitimately upset when they started dying. Except for the one that got thrown into a building and exploded. I laughed out loud. I mean. It seems like it hit something explosive (obviously) but in my head, when I saw it....it just arbitrarily exploded, and seemed to me like another meta dig at big summer action movies.
I sincerely hope they throw a small mountain of money at him for a sequel. Really the only thing this movie was lacking was Goldblum constantly telling everyone how terrible everything is.
I love that guy. I had absolutely no idea he was going to be in it, and I'm super glad he was Chief Meta Comic Relief.
I love that this movie was essentially "Look at all this shiny shit we have to do to get audiences in seats. You know what? F*** THAT! OLD SCHOOL WINS!" It's having it's cake and eating it too, but that's fine with me when it's this good.
I spent $10 on their card last year, and got back over $60 in rewards and concession discounts. The card isn't good if you go to the movies twice a year, but if you go enough to care about a rewards card it *definitely* is. AMC is now, hands down, the best chain in my area.
I'm rarely entirely uncomfortable by things that are on my television. Thursday night was a fine exception to that. NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE.
I haven't seen anything on sale that I particularly want. It doesn't help that I've promised myself I'd get through the last couple episodes of the Game of Thrones game, and at least a bit more of Dragon Age before Arkham Knight comes out next week. My backlog is kind of absurd at this point....I'm being really picky about what I add to it.
Reading SRD almost universally smash KiA into the floor is probably my favorite internet thing today.
So, if we were attacked by Sentinels at lunch, perhaps you could throw a Gyro!?
Stupid comic relief, relieving tension, almost as if designed to do that.
WANT
The show has had it's funny moments, but I don't know that I've ever laughed out loud like I did at that scene. It's almost like Bryan Fuller remembered he's Bryan Fuller. (Obviously the show is very Fuller, but it's not typically as funny as much of his other stuff). Edit: I lied. When Verger stabbed Hannibal's chair, and the "Mouth slightly agape" look of horrified disbelief and rage that Mads put on. Funniest moment in the show. I rewatch that scene when I need a laugh.
Yeah, they're pretty much going there. (Though I don't think it's romantic love). They're taking a *lot* of the previous subtext and just putting it on the table and pointing at it. And I think it's great.
Chilton needs and eye-patch and a parrot. (I'm pretty sure Raul Espraza actually made that joke, but I inappropriately laughed out loud at the thought when he popped up in the preview for next week).
....technically, she killed him.
Blech. I tossed $60 at it, because I've been a big Shenmue fan since Dreamcast, but this is annoying. Probably won't pull my support, though. Happy to help, regardless.
Top Pair, second best kicker on that board, with that action, with that much money in the pot? Call. There are obviously hands that have you beat, but I couldn't imagine folding there.
Honestly, to me...he's either got you crushed or has nothing, and has you on a better nothing and his hand won't hold up at showdown. Pot odds, you have to be right once out of every 3ish times to be profitable, and you said he was loose (I don't know if you meant he just has a wide three bet range pre-flop, regardless of the rest of his play). To me, it's a reluctant call...but still a call. I'm not a pro...that's just my opinion and reasoning. Edit: Of course, I'm ignoring the part where there's another person in the hand he still has to beat to win the pot that's already there, and he's betting into a dry pot. That's tricky, you're right that they're probably betting with something better than a pair of queens.
Yep. This is precisely what it looks like when Hannibal runs out of fucks.
Perfectly handled one of the biggest suckouts I've seen, super late in the game on the biggest stage for poker in the world. This is the very definition of class by Cheong. This is the video that I keep in mind whenever a loose player calls a pre-flop raise when I have aces, haha.
One of my favorite parts of the season is when Brook says "You are *really* bad at your job". That whole storyline was just gut wrenching, and made Healey practically irredeemable. I want to see him destroyed professionally in Season 4.
Somehow just the very concept of erectile dysfunction is actually a more reliable source than encyclopedia dramatica.
I ordered one. I'm buying it anyway, and wanted the pipboy. I don't pre-order things to get exclusives or to make sure I have something on day one. I pre-order things I know for a fact I'm buying on day one, and specifically special editions that actually come with a thing that I want. This is both. Maybe I'm a bad /r/gaming subscriber, but I'm not a part of this 'no preorder' circlejerk.
Yeah, me too. They could easily say "Well, we don't want to produce it, but if *you* want to produce and stream new seasons, we're going to get in your way". If there's serious interest from another company, and Amazon fucks it up by being unreasonable (obviously they're owed some sort of consideration, but if they're passing on it....they should be reasonable), I'm tossing my prime subscription and telling them *exactly* why.
I want to participate in this discussion, but I'm running face first into (relatively minor, but still) spoilers in every thread. I'll be back when I'm done.
"Got a base head wife. Her womb is polluted. This whole town's a pussy, waiting to get fucked". Possibly the best song lyrics ever recorded.
Ender's Game is a fantastic book. I have no trouble saying that without having to twist my mind around how disgusting Card is. That said, every time I purchase anything associated to the man, I donate *double* what I paid for it to GLAAD.
"Sometimes we send this one up to headquarters for no reason at all!"
The image of one of his Feelings hugging the guitar and rocking back and forth while the GIRL alarm goes off is probably one of my favorite Pixar things.
"SIGNAL THE HUSBAND!"
That movie ruined Jacob Pitts for me. Dude played a US Marshall that's also a crazy bad-ass sniper on Justified, and every time he comes on screen I think to myself "....this isn't where I parked my car!"
They shouldn't. And I don't think that's what was decided here. Simply that the state *can't deny* marriage licenses to same sex couples looking for one. Churches should be able to decide for themselves what services they want to perform.
