I've legit had a tan since end of February/early March. Vancouver what! ;)
Title makes it. Bravo.
Looks like my bedsheets in a pile. What a shit sculpture.
Brilliant
My galaxy s6 Lifeproof case fell apart in multiple areas within a couple weeks. Rubber around camera peeling, screen cover really marked up, rubber around sides peeling, audio jack cover kept on falling off (eventually lost), mini USB cover chipped twice and no longer closes, back cover completely scratched up - Do not waste your money on them!!!
They're all over he world. Seriously, go outside.
5pm
Fuck, really need to get this octoclick spasm checked out eh.
Chantelle is one lucky woman.
You think more people being born is a good thing?
Cananida
Hmm, a gas station coffee, or a yard of ham? Decisions.
Maybe she should of picked a better place to take him then?
Ah, thought the same!
Asshole is the new pussy
I don't understand how you could be T-boned on a single-laned rode unless you were blocking an intersection.
Repost
We live in the future. This is awesome.
What did they say?
This was mandatory in the Canadian curriculum when I was growing up.
I came here to say this sub is always Mt Ranier /Mt Hood.
Wow that's ridiculously cheap. Average house price in Vancouver, BC is now $1-million.
Subscribe
Lol. I only seem to date taller long-legged women, but this is pretty funny.
Fuckin Steve
Even though they're going to decemate half their countryside (including the largest fresh water lake in Central America) building the world's largest canal?
Looks like Gaudi
Best
It really seems at this point, from am international perspective, that this state is really saying FU to the rest of the "republic", and just doing what they want. Hell yeh.
This is actually the legit fact.
Seems like 100% whining in the industry though. Source: 1) just finished construction on a software company office. 2) this thread
Found the American
- Woof! - Damn straight!
Wait, SK doesn't have daylight savings?
Well in this time, China industrialized rapidly, and Canada developed techniques to extract oil from the tarsands, so you do the math. Otherwise they would be on par with the States.
Ketchup Maine lmao
It triggers me seeing this buffoon have more money than me, someone trying to make an honest living.
I have been there 3x and therefore have never questioned it's existence. I have never met a Belgiumist, but am intrigued. When are the meetings?
Or speak.
The irony here is that I pay my rent via my internets
Pretty sure you would of been fine with safe n sound and regular drywall.
I'd say in the next year or two you literally won't be able to buy any property for &lt;$1MM in Vancouver. Edit: Less than
They said the same when George W Bush got elected the first time.
I was throwing a roll of tape up into the air repeatedly yesterday whilst talking to my boss until I missed it and hit the work truck. He did not look impressed. I've been interested to know if these things work.
I find this extremely interesting.
Ah, the American education system at its finest.
A lot of American chains Canadianize their logos.
Rest In Peace in piece?
Also first thought.
Hopefully statements like this will deter religious extremists from committing such violent acts.
