The Gorillaz playing in a video about Gareth Bale.....
Littlefinger arrives. YEAH BUT WHOSE SIDE IS HE ON?! WHAT?!.. Are you talking about?! WHOSE SIDE IS HE ON?! What are you talking about?! Yes sir! Get him Littlefinger! Go get him BABAY! Come on and get some of this now! Who's bad now boys?! Littlefinger arrives.. OH MY GOD WHAT IS HE DOING?!
Clyne was our MotM. Skrtel was MotM overall. Please Roy, stop taking Lallana off.
I wouldn't feel so bad about it apart from I feel like 25% of the people who votes leave are chavs who are probably sat outside the shop right now with a can of cider who just hate immigrants and think voting leave will mean "people can have jobs again" even though they have no intention of working anyway.
God we're just fucked. Why did people think it was a good idea to leave? All my family voted leave except me and I asked them why and they have NO IDEA WHY THEY VOTED LEAVE. This is madness. We're fucked guys.
I'm the eldest child.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjuNuqIev8M This guy voted leave.
So of the 30 areas with the oldest population, 27 voted leave. Of the 30 areas with the least graduates, 28 voted leave. Of the 30 areas who "identify themselves as English", 30 voted leave. So the old and stupid are our leave voters.
I know, I know. I don't. Unfortunately the people at those rallies are your leave voters though. Not all of them, but they're there.
So of the 30 areas with the oldest population, 27 voted leave. Of the 30 areas with the least graduates, 28 voted leave. Of the 30 areas who "identify themselves as English", 30 voted leave. So the old and stupid are our leave voters.
He's just gone and cunted it in.
I bottled it and did to qualify bets today. Couldn't see no extra time.
I'd have gone gay for Giroud long before this goal.
And this is an actual shit post.
2017 is already better than the whole of 2016.
Not sure what game you watched but we never looked tired at any point during that game.
Chelsea play Spurs away next - this could be 1 point gained. Calm down.
6 &gt; 5. We closed a gap. I didn't realise you get automatic 3 points for games in hand these days.
Oh right may as well add a point on to Chelsea's tally then these points don't matter lads.
Yeah we should have gone out and signed some players in October. Fucking Klopp.
I'd say our games were pretty equal. Home to City and away to Sunderland. Home to Stoke and away to Spurs. If we gain a point on you after an equally hard set of fixtures for both teams it can only be seen as positive.
I would have been too, that smile he gave while saying he was happy was the sort of maniacal look you get from someone who's pissed on a night out right before he smacks you.
Because you'd sound like a cock saying that. Just call it fucking exaggeration and stop being pretentious.
Apparently that's been illegal to do for long before Sky. I remember reading something along those lines.
Seriously. Why couldn't all the games just be played tonight and tomorrow at 7:45-8pm? It's an extra days rest for most teams and something most are used to with Saturday games and Champions League/League Cup fixtures midweek. Baffling.
[[Argent Lance]]
Hmm.. What did I fail on in that question.
Moo.
I didn't even realise this was a thing. Is gold that important? You'll gain gold just playing every day anyway. Seems pointless to me.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I dusted pretty much most of the epics and legendarys except Dr Boom for the feels.
And they thought Dennis was crazy.
You don't have to play it on turn 1. Sometimes it's good to just hold it back a few turns to get the guaranteed heal and trade off with a minion/weapon charge.
Some people just want to watch the ~~world~~ sausages burn.
I'm sorry for your downvotes. I'm^not^sorry
Raticate on turn 7 vs rogue = gg.
Chancey is so broken lol. Silence &gt; Divine Spirit &gt; Inner fire. It'll most likely stick for a turn or two as well to give time to buff it.
What about when he was in the UK on the Saturday before the Royal Rumble when he returned at 30 to shock everyone. He was at White Hart Lane for a Tottenham game in one of their shirts that day so the latest he'd have left the game would be like 5pm, 8pm-ish if they played an evening game. He was back in the US returning from injury months earlier than expected the next day.
https://twitter.com/_chrisbascombe/status/819292123749117953
Hi r/all
No shit.
Give us a chance mate we only play tomorrow. ┴┬┴┤( ͡° ͜ʖ├┬┴┬
Get fucked Payet?
Wonder how much he had on himself to score the first goal.
I said last year when I saw us playing him that he's almost impossible to dispossess. I don't get it, the ball just sticks to his fucking feet. When he keeps himself fit he's a beast.
They stuck him in their provisional squad for some weird reason.
Fuck it, call up James Milner to England then because fuck him if he wants to retire, he has to play. While we're at it include Shearer, Gerrard and Beckham too the lazy fucks.
I thought Phil Jones and Rojo was your best partnership?
If FM had stats up to 100 Super Robot James Milner would be 100/100 for penos.
I think the universe would implode.
