Yea, I was watching Kingsman the other day and I just couldn't get into it, because all of those actors are in other movies. /s
More like giving cutters to somebody who was obsessed with cutting his own brakes and he then cut his own brakes.
That diving spear header was the best thing he did for us and it was one of his latest games.
All I know is that if it's more messed up than Witcher 3, I'll be impressed.
Don't worry. Some of us native speakers still struggle with it.
Come on now, he's not that bad.
I agree. Witcher 3 can be just as challenging.
&gt;"broke the news" who are you quoting there? Nobody said anything about it being breaking news and they themselves stressed that it was just a rumour.
You literally don't have to read anything. If you're too lazy to watch a video, you can't expect people to make a written summary for you.
Yep, same here. So infuriating.
Who needs dragons when we got feathers.
That's one happy Brazilian. Like he just opened a PS2 on Christmas.
There are lots of other links between his films, but this is one that people probably didn't know. Myself included.
But how many mentors do you have?
I reckon his brother is the thief the title is referring to.
Are the book readers supposed to like Dany?
Why is your sword glowing?
It's pretty damn complicated, but you pick it up fairly easy.
Birdo has a vagina on it's face.
He should go coach Everton then.
Seriously Spurs. Fuck off
Gotta play Zombie 1-3 first
Because he's MY butler.
[Obvious, isn't it?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xw_-wiC8Ac)
Triggered
Ayyy
Drunkborne
How has nobody said FIFA? It's THE drunk with mates game.
There'll be enough of that in MGO
I don't think anybody really gives a crap about the Harpy or who's controlling them. My show watcher friends all think the Dany story from this season was the biggest waste of time ever.
How do you know we're not looking for a new manager?
Photorealistic doesn't mean it's a drawing of a photograph. It means it looks so much like the real life object that you could be looking at a photo instead of a drawing.
Is that one long continuous story though?
You talk too much EDIT: judging by these downvotes, nobody understood that I was quoting The Mountain and not being a dick.
Think about it this way. Count AFFC and ADWD as one book as they run parallel. We are at book 4 of 6. I would say we're definitely 2 thirds through the story. The last 2 books have skewed peoples perception of how much story can actually get pumped out in one of these. Look at ASOS and how much changed during that. I believe finishing the story in 2 books is definitely within the realm of possibility. But, as others have stated, if he needs more and lives long enough to finish the series then more books will be the best in the long run.
He's a little less proven in a top PL side. I personally believe it's a good signing, but I can see why some might be more wary. Milner, on the other hand, is as much of a sure thing as they come.
I found out recently that you press O before you land and he rolls. This takes away a LOT of fall damage.
Nah there still is. He will all of a sudden jerk to the left or right straight into a tree.
What do you call it?
Or just Underground
Yes, but the one in the picture is a BRZ, obviously.
What stood out to me there is that Ings is under 21. That makes me much happier at the signing. So much upside.
It's a stupid gimmick. But as far as stupid gimmicks go, it's the best fucking one out there.
&gt;The game shipped with 49 characters (more than any other smash title by a mile), multiple (fleshed out, complete) game modes, a ton of stages, a stage editor (for the WiiU), CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION in case you got bored with their default movesets, and online support and you're saying that it's not a complete game? When it was released it was complete, but now there are 4 extra characters which I don't have and my game isn't complete anymore.
I don't think you understand what complete means. Can you please quote the part of my post which is incorrect.
I dunno man, I reckon they would have shouted it from the rooftops if it was console exclusive.
American accent starting to set in.
wtf is loli?
Why is this guy getting downvoted?
The top voted comment is about Ryan. At least you stayed on topic. The RT community just has a problem with saying anything mildly sexual about any of the female employees. Even in a thread which is about a f*cking playboy shoot.
