I lost a game against an all-diamond (and legend) team over this bullshit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqfWr0NSYWo It needs to be fixed. Who do we message?
Carew is definitely a 2B
Link to the panel? I haven't seen it
Holy shit that was nearly an all-timer of a game-winner.
What is your basis for Felix going up (aside from owning him, I assume)? He's doing worse than last year, which is what his ratings were based on. The guy's already a 97, just because he's doing well doesn't mean they HAVE to bump him up.
Nice, Ryan is unhittable
Yeah saw on Twitter some people saying the same thing is happening in Fifa, etc. Fuck, frustrating.
Yeah that seems like an anomaly
No he saved Hamilton for the 9th
Is it just me or did "Coming back down the hard way" when Patron knocked Mundo down the stairs remind anyone else of Gorilla Monsoon?
28 stabbed, ZERO dead. Sandy Hook: ??? shot, 27 dead. Do you think that the lack of a gun MAY have made a difference?
I've got 38k, should be able to comfortably buy Cole, Archer and Aroldis (already have Harvey).
One I never see mentioned is Andre Ethier. I just recently replaced him with Michael Brantley but he's a solid, cheap lefthanded bat
Yeah HanRam has gone up in price about 20k
Simpsons
Niekro is ridiculously hard to hit
Either or
Trevor Linden
...the fuck was that inbounds play, Dwayne?
Adam Henrique
&gt; infamous nfl player ever, OJ Simpson much?
I forgot Drain Life even existed. And yeah, I was dead to Siphon Soul + Power Overwhelming, so I didn't BM (I never BM to begin with, but doing it when there's a &gt;0% chance of losing is always dangerous) but beyond that...it was over.
Also I flipped through some seasons on b-r and the most recent team I can find to go sub-95 is the 2003-04 Spurs who posted a 94.1 DRtg
Zoo doesn't run Siphon and no decks run the other two
He's still dead before I am
This is amazing! Great work
Different deck, I was running this one: https://tempostorm.com/hearthstone/decks/midrange-hunter-meta-snapshot-42
Sold him for 60, one right after went for 75 (whoops), market is now 70. Wait 48 hours
You wouldn't happen to have either Backes or Pietrangelo along with Senko would you
Would you lend just Tavares for a 5k tip?
If you can get references I will buy some from you, but without a HUTRep page there's no way in hell I'm going first
Sweet, my first giveaway win! Although damn that MOV Cammy would have gone real nice with my...other MOV Cammy.
Honestly when I saw his comment in your HUTRep was deleted I thought he was just trying to use a fake sale to you to make him seem legitimate. I was wrong, evidently.
I agree, you could even make it a big deal when a guy is going for or holding the title leading up to his breka.
Guys have said in interviews that it is impossible to call those big multi-man matches (especially ones with weapons or whatever) on the fly. It makes sense, 1-on-1 you can communicate with each other, but when there's 6 guys flying around everyone needs to know everything or someone will get hurt.
Confirmed
All of the above? I've been getting shit kicked.
What changes did you make to your defensive style?
I just cracked a TOTW Stafford in a collection pack, where would he fit in? 89-88-87-88-87
That Vermette is going to be really solid
What is the total collat for TB nowadays?
I'm confused, in the trade offer it looks like you are rejecting a Jagr for contract trade?
There's a user here that has that team, I can't think of the name right now but someone played against him and posted a link to the team... https://www.reddit.com/r/NHLHUT/comments/3znp1f/how_to_improve_my_team_with_47mil/ That`s the topic I was thinking of but not the team. There was a pic of a team posted here with MOV Ovy, Crosby, Stamkos, everyone
Do you remember the topic where a guy played against the most stacked team possible? The only thing I remember (oddly enough) is you posting that he could have gone with MOV Webber over MOV Suter (or vice-versa) and that would have been the only way to make the team more expensive.
Stupid question, but if we guess a guy for line 1 and he gets on line 2, does it still count?
Yeah I'm looking at the 85 TOTW Kuzy, I just worry about his overall game.
Spurs have the better SRS (12.41 to 10.73) and on pace for one of the greatest defensive seasons (relative to the league) in history. The gap between 1st (the Spurs) and 2nd in DRtg is equal to the gap between 2nd and 17th. The Warriors have been slightly lucky and the Spurs somewhat unlucky (they're 33-6 and 2-3 in games decided by 3 or less), but they're just two ridiculously amazing teams. If they don't meet in the WCF it will be a shame. They're a combined 40-0 at home. For fuck's sake that's amazing.
You're wrong, if you control the player in the centre solely to stop the cross-crease then that's not "skill zone" or whatever. It's when you sit there and never move the entire game (and never control the defense on the rush, always let the AI play) that it's an ass thing to do.
Yeah I did a google search, he entered one evidently random event. I mean I understand some of the arguments pointing to him being on something but that's a pretty weak one to throw in.
Final score was 2-1, and none of the goals were pretty. The whole third period was pretty much me turtling and hoping for the best.
