Who will ever forget the big 4 legendary qb draft of Eli Manning, Phillip Rivers, Big Ben, and...JP Losman....
Maybe Canadians just hate Kevin Love
He wasnt that bad. Hes still a Dalton line qb
The real answers are at the bottom of the page
Shit youre onto something. I hope LeSean doesnt demand a trade because of this
The whole universe is.
Those special classes or hot yoga in general? Hot yoga is actually a great way to lose weight
Nope, theyre legal, just banned by most sport leagues
http://media.giphy.com/media/9g66oyN8ZwizK/giphy.gif
The newest product from Apple ILube!
Yep. He tops out at 85
As a dual citizen, America is so much fatter but then again most of the time Im in some redneck part of upstate NY, Florida and Kentucky
That would be wicked if their was a pitcher that was equally skilled with both arms. Realistically if said pitcher wanted to, they could pitch 2x as many games as anyother pitcher and pitch twice a week. Tommy John on left arm? Just pitches with his right. If he was good with both, lets say Mark Buehrle level, he might get the biggest contract for a pitcher
They hate the Bruins to so it just doesnt make sense to support a Boston team
Dont forget Canada We produced the last 2 first rounders
hmmm, Im Canadian and its one of our top sports. Im sure Lithuanians, Argentinians, Venezualans, Brazilians, Spaniards, Australians, Chinese, Philipinoes, and Greeks would disagree with you. Unless you dont count our contries as world nations...
layups?
Damn, I hope they bring back Wrestlemania to the SkyDome
maybe
Id argue this Cavs team without LBJ is worst than this years Heat team. This is almost the same Cavs team as last year that had a shitty record then Lebron came in. The Heat just barely made the playoffs and showing they had a competitive team after having discover Whiteside
I was thinking probably Amir Johnson but I think youre right on this one
Yes. The Spurs got eliminated in the 1st round this year and one can only expect regression from the Spurs. The Spurs are still the better team, short term, no ones arguing that but they play in the west. Put him on the Celtics with tons of upside and draft picks Id say even in the short term the Celtics can easily become a middle seed in the East. Who would you say has a better chance of winning, Spurs with LMA vs any top 6 team in the west or Boston with LMA vs teams like the Raptors, Bucks, Brooklyn, Wizards. I think Boston is better for the future but I also think they have a better chance making a long playoff run in the short term against the shitty teams in the East
Magic Mike's Jays talk is the best
Id say so. OP makes lame jokes
Here I was thinking I was unique...
Also first time its happened in 37 years. Also as for your first comment, horse racing is very popular among the Southern upper middle class +. Most of family members throw big parties for the Kentucky derby specifically which is probably the bigger of the big 3 races. My immediate family has brought and continued the tradition in Canada and its picked up steam among family friends and residents in my city
And be able to have the skill necesarry to pitch at the highest level of pro baseball in both arms
What does asleep feel like?
Bautista: "That shit does magic for me"
JR is a good golfer TIL
WAKE UP SHEEPLE
Chris also extends his hit streak to 17 games. Dudes a beast at the plate. Scares the shit out of me when the balls hit to him tho but when youre hitting like him you keep him in the lineup
It looks like theres some good chemistry. Something that struck me was Martin and Navarro celebrating together at the end. I thought Navarro was pissed at the whole situation and himself getting replaced but it looks like hes at least cool with Martin
Id say Sammy Watkins so the person that would replace him is still in school. If you want to split it into defense, Mario Williams and later replaced by Marcel Dareus
Its become tradition for me and my dad to by every starting Bills qb for years now. I got Losman, Edwards, Fitz, and a Manuel one. Id like to get an Orton one at some point too
Or Moustakas over JD
To be fair a major reason GS is so good defensively is because of their offense. Scoring efficiently allows them to set their defense in transition. Its one of the main reason the hack-a-whoever strategy doesnt work. Any sort of stoppage whether it be through free throws or in bounding after a made basket is beneficial for the team on defense (the one that just scored or shot ft's) by not allowing more effective transition scoring
Thats what winning does
https://vid.me/BDRQ also 13:40 http://pmd.fan590.com/podcasts/blue_jays_this_week/bjtw_20150605_230558--BlueJaysTalk---June-5---Friday.mp3 Basically people are trolling Mike Willner's radio program after Jays games saying theres witchcraft
Tom Jon Sturgeon
I put down JD, Martin, Bautista, and Reyes. I hope people dont pick players just because of their team. Lets get the guys in that deserve to play
I think its a little more difficult considering the elevated injury risk in hockey
The Jays rotation has been on fire the last month tho. We are out of that contention now
What? The Packers are one of the most successful teams in the nfl. Im good with trash talk but that claim is totally invalid
I love Rajai. Its a shame hes been playing second fiddle to other players these past couple of years because he absolutely has the value to start at center.
Checkmate Stanton
The women of Cleveland will be exploring Delly's land down under tonight
You're absolutely right. As a golf fan I take that back. Golf easily has the best camera work
Brb watching Japanese baseball when Muni takes over
Pippen tho... Pippen alone is a top 35 player of all time
