Is any of this meaningful for Clinton when her foundation brings in the money it does? Only a fool believes that the foundation isn't a essentially a thinly veiled campaign fund.
Prop 64 requires warnings on everything that might cause cancer. Do you know what might cause cancer? Everything. The crappy design was crappy law design.
If the law said it is illegal to pisses something, it will be illegal. Ex post facto would prevent you from being punished for possession prior to the the time it was made illegal.
meh. I'll take my lumps I don't mind. Look, Cena doing this after the cameras going off is cool. But his little in ring/on camera routine rubbed me the wrong way. I have a niece that has been battling cancer for the last year so I get the severity of the issue. I also get why it is good for the kid. But that is also why it is craven to do it on camera. It is emotionally manipulative and cheap. I consider the downvotes evidence of exactly how easy it is to exploit the good hearts people have. I don't have a problem with them downvoting me because they do it for the kid, which I totally understand.
Nice. The man is living his dream in the biggest ways possible and I love it.
http://digg.com/video/is-amy-schumer-hot-enough-for-television Yes. Funny and talented. Also self deprecating in a good way.
"I was going to give you the us title to prove how honorable I am, but your mildly gloating promo makes it so I can go back on my word and insult you in far worse ways. I'm classy like that."
Jorts. You left off jorts.
Who says it didn't? Oh, I'm sorry tumblr feminists, did you assume that either the vault dweller or the dog were males based on their outward appearances? Nice job bigots.
The indisputable genius of Bruce Timm aside, get the people who have made the animated DC films and let them go wild with live action. You could point to any number of DC animated movies that would have been incredible summer blockbusters. The animated films have consistently 1) accepted what they were without apology or excuses 2) knew their history without over explaining to the audience 3) knew how to present their material so it was friendly to the hard core and the newcomer alike. But I would also hire Bruce Timm. I mean, who else has made a bigger contribution to the batman universe in the last 30 years? Harley Quinn and Detective Montoya alone put him up there among the all time greats.
&gt; You could make a movie starring wolverine and deadpool. Well, they already did and it sucked. I forgive you for not remembering it. The movie was so bad that it caused selective amnesia and a complete reboot of the mutant timeline in the cinematic universe.
They would have been violating HIPPA in the process.
Ah Puch will be way op for a bit now. He eventually got nerfed to manageable levels, but for the time being, I feel sorry for anybody who mains aphrodite.
This is what she does when she can easily command attention. I shudder to think what she will do when the media isn't interested in her any more.
&gt;A big part of the problem on the developer side is that they didn’t flatter games media. What a developer is supposed to do is to give their violence ironic cover, or agree to pretend that it’s a deconstruction of violence, or make the player wear a surreal animal mask, anything to “elevate” the piece so that the press can rub their faces on it like a cat. Barring these, you’d better fucking know one of them. That is the key graph. Had hatred played the cynical game of pretending to be high brow, it would have got a pass. They decided to pander to their customers instead of the gaming press. The gaming press tried to make a show of force and ended up looking stupid in the process as. But whatever because games are stupid anyways, amiright?
Might as well get him some Pappy Van Winkle and do it right.
But why? They got married in a drive through chapel in Vegas.
Posted to the overly critical and condescending to old people subreddit...
People who are tying to get their reward point search count up quickly.
The Court of Appeal won't even consider new evidence like that unless there is a really good reason to supplement the record. First, the company is not the moving party, Pao is. Pao will state what she believes the reversible error is and unless she states argues "there is no evidence, anywhere, that says I'm a bad person to work with and not good at my job" it won't be an issue. The findings of the jury will simply be taken as they are and given great deference.
I think my favorite is the nxt episode where he had to make a heelish retreat from the ring but still went out of his way to stomp O'Reilly who was down outside the ring.
Aliens (Alien 3 as a doctor)
Sure, it is impressive, but he took on all those looks for different movies. If you want to be truly impressed by the power of tranformation in a single film, [you need a master of disguise](http://www.mbc.net/.imaging/stk/mbc/photo-mod4/media/Photos/Grid/2013/june/04/THE-MASTER-OF-DISGUISE_1024/original/1b0ab28978c362bdf699e999d5df66d4028bf784/THE-MASTER-OF-DISGUISE_1024.jpg).
Clearly this is the same thing as blaming earthquakes on nudity.
You are "entitled" to nothing based on what you created, but we are entitled to universal income by cause of what?
I hear it is an easy way to up gamerscore if you care about that sort of thing.
I was at that game. My first thought on the opening touchdown was "too fast". It was a hot day and they kept our defense on the field longer and I think it contributed. At the very least, it should have been a competitive game, but by the second half it was a complete lay down.
I'd be willing to bet that Mora will keep it open as long as possible. He isn't going to give away scouting information for nothing even if most fans are correct in their prediction of Rosen starting.
Yeah, but when you are a giant, the sky isn't that much further to go up.
Punk's decision to join made sense if they followed up on it. He is a guy who wants revenge on Orton for the punt that cost him his title (in a stunning display of memory by the WWE). He was also a guy who relied on having people around him. It could have worked. But instead it was a springboard for a very short program with no real commitment to make it work. Obviously it worked out for Punk in the long run, but was representative of some of the short sighted booking that plagued portions of his tenure.
Cornette likes you... based on the video I don't know if I should congratulate you or not. But I'll go with my gut and say great video Jim got that one dead right.
Who went after the parents? Lawyers aren't doing things ad hoc, they represent somebody in the action. Otherwise, they have no standing to sue.
Write a will, get an executor who understands your wishes. Lawyers don't have the authority to sue unless somebody authorizes them to do it on their behalf. I am an attorney and if I am representing an estate, it actually involves a significant amount of additional time and expense to be able to bring the case and prove up to the court that I have the authority to act on behalf of the decedent.
The same can be said of many motorists, the only difference is that they are operating things that are better at hurting others than getting hurt themselves.
Instructions unclear, applied rectally. Would not recommend.
If you were a rapper's son, which school should you choose? East coast or West coast? The answer might surprise you.
I don't know, I'm sure ol Rick tried to make it a thing at the hotel bar. Oldest ride, longest line! Woooo.
That one weird trick? Claiming national titles for everything. Not that I would know. My school doesn't even claim anything outside of the NCAA era. So our dubious football title is thankfully ignored.
Also, she is totally threatening me with that baseball bat. I am a victim of her at large threat of physical violence to people who disagree with her.
Great, now Hogan will add to the legend of the slam. Not only did he lift a 900 pound Andre over his head in front of 150,000 at Wrestlemania 3, he ripped a hole in spacetime causing an announcer from the future to come and redo the announcement, brother.
Did Heenan have any clue what was going to happen? Because the line is perfectly in line with his style. Had he known, he would have said something else like "oh, here comes Hogan to steal the glory now that the match is over" or words to that effect.
and nothing of value was lost.
I look forward to the new and exciting ways that Chairman Pao can turn this into a tool for abuse.
Hey now, let's not start setting the bar too high.
Reddit is currently melting down due to maladministration. Fph is simply a convenient target for PR purposes. Being good to people is right. Be a positive example by behavior and promote the good you want to see in the world.
My wife is from Chula Vista too. We should a pool stool party!
Colin cowherd knows what it looks like already, he services a replica of lebrons cock for at least 15 minutes per show.
If you pick the right million year span you are absolutely correct. Consider yourself lucky to be in the one million year period where this sort of thing could even happen.
Why is there a bird in that picture?
When it isn't being mocked it is being ignored. Nobody cares what pol thinks.
