Thank you fitoromparing yourself to sour cream, i love you
Lol yes. I use swype on my phone and it sometimes ridiculous to see how it switches up my context
I used to be black. But its not all that. So i became hispanic, now i make all the ladies panic
I hate telling people this, but it's just not that cool to be black anymore, I'm much happier being brown Source: Was black, decided to go back
Looks do godamn tasty. I'm getting Chinese tomorrow
This really depressed me. Damn. Poor Chimp
10/10 will not buy car until price goes down. That being said ive seen some pretty great termis going for around 15k or less here in Orange County and around Los Angeles
What do you have? How much is it pushin?
wha....what?
That sounds like a really good time for the both of you
Maybe itll even help you poop better after a while
Were here rooting for you!
Dom does
No, be proud. Use more weight, always use more wieght
No! you have to go HEAVIER!
That's awesome!!! In a year? so you will be employed in a year or you have been doing this for a year? That's really great though! I have this obsession with pretty websites and its making me want to code, I just need to find a starting base. If you don't mind me asking, how much is your pay now compared to other jobs/careers you've had?
Ive never laughed so hard in my life OMG I cant believe this is real
Thank you
Seriously, wtf, why isnt this being shown in my local theater!
Thanks! If youd like to add anything else keep going
you are me
Better than Pizza, titties, and videogames!
Care to share? I always love hearing about people who enjoy what they do! Share yours and ill share mine!
Weird is the right word. You actually getting it? How much?
That YouTube money's starting to come in. New apartment in less than 6 months
Yeah if i get it it wont be a car ill sell anytime soon! Not at all, I'm planning on keeping it until i cant drive anymore. I slept on the thought. And now I'm still thinking about buying it.
Honestly, this guy's stuff is pretty damn good
I actually ust started learning yesterday too, i mean i got pretty good at a short amount of time though and didnt alternate between feet, i just kept them together and jumped using my calves and butt and the front bottom part of my foot. Since im new i did this. Jumped 25 times until i felt like i got it right. then jumped to 50 in a row. then 100. then 150. then i went down from there and it took me about an hour or so, so say: warmed up with a typical stretch then 25 jumps with about 20 second rest in between, did this for about 10 minutes then jumped up to 50 jumps with again about a twenty second rest for about 15 minutes then jumped up to 100 jumps in a row with about 30 second rest for about 15 minutes then jumped to 150 jumps with 30 second rest inbetween each. did that for the rest of the time until iwas super tired so i did that for about 20-25 minutes then i cooled down by doing 100 twice, then 50 three times, then 25 four times each with their respected wait times. just do about an hour and jump when you can but make sure you jumpo everytime to where your calves hurt
How about i send you the craiglsit post? ill pm you and then ill pm the guys over at supra forums, i need to make this decision like today!
Toyota Supra Turb http://losangeles.craigslist.org/lac/cto/5038467635.html As much as it hurts to do this it's time to move on and sell one of my Supra's. I'll break down the history of the vehicle before going into full detail. I purchased this car from another supra member 3 years ago. The vehicle drives straight even w/ [...]
Are you past me?
I like seeing their lithe butts shake when they jump around
Reddit loves this guy!
Wat
Lol
Ive never seen such a monotone ad before. Wow.
Cool
This was so cool
2spooky4me
Eat
Wtf
Thanks this actually makes me feel a bit better. It was just such a bargain of a deal is all...
That was a new one! I fucking lost it at the taco part
Weird. Ive driven my fair share as well. Always thought that at high speed its always best to not brake so hard, first to let off for a bit then brake when you get down at lower speed, but again I have personally never taken any car past say 130mph...hmm the more you know thanks!
ha
coo
ew
yea
sex
yes
