I'm very familiar with sarcasm. That wasn't sarcasm, it was somebody who was incredibly wrong. Just stop.
There's a link discussing it in the sidebar. Suffice to say, I'm still more than qualified to discuss the law.
Have you received a diagnosis? Are you getting counseling to help with the problem?
I don't think you fully appreciate exactly how much you don't want to do this.
I assume he's being blackmailed and he's trying to tell us that something is wrong.
That's actually brilliant. It's a shame it sounds like a slur.
Just buy a damn pipe like a normal person.
"Phobia of cigarettes?" Really dude? You should be rethinking your career path.
Ah, okay. Yeah, big difference. I took a look on angel list, they've got some solid people on board, and I'm sure they're going to get millions in angel funding before they ever really get started. Even then, they may never take off. OP is not in the same category. I also guarantee that their very first step was to pay a very large retainer to a reputable law firm.
I question the demand. Their video presents gas stations as this massive drain on time, but I just can't imagine that people really feel that way. If I'm in the car driving, I'm always going to be driving right past a half-dozen gas stations. The only way I can imagine using this service is if they were somehow quite a bit cheaper than anything else.
What does your contract say that makes you think they're in the wrong here?
As an Ambassador Extraordinary from the State of Colorado, I hold diplomatic immunity.
Yeah, this is the sort of thing that will draw DEA attention even in Colorado.
You need a lawyer in Nevada. It's really not optional for something like this.
You may not qualify for a PD, but you can try. Call the local PD's office and ask about qualifications.
That just sounds like a really odd clause. I'm not convinced you aren't misremembering it.
They only get one. After that, he'll have to serve as a slave on board a pirate ship.
How do you think I got all of my comment karma?
~~He should have his doctor call in another scrip, or just go without.~~ He won't have any withdrawals unless he's using way too much. If you go through a TSA checkpoint with this and get caught, you're going to get arrested.
Haha, I don't think I've ever been called out so much for a mistake on here.
Totally agree. He should sue, but damned if I'd ever expect to collect. This was a lesson that cost more than my Bachelor's.
Call the cops. There's no way this is legit.
Give 'em a call. They'll usually let you reschedule a couple of times. It's perfectly reasonable if you're going on vacation.
It's absolutely grounds for termination or corrective action. On the plus side, you may learn firsthand that welfare isn't only for people who don't want to work.
It's hilarious to me that people who misunderstand government functions like welfare also misunderstand government functions like enforcement of the first amendment.
We should do a /r/fictionallegaladvice thing for the next April Fools' day, like /r/askhistorians did. Although about 50% of our questions are already fictional.
Nobody thinks they're one of *those* welfare people, but everybody thinks they're the majority of welfare recipients. That stigma makes so many people afraid of getting the benefits they have a right to, it's really quite sad.
I heard you the first time.
I'm a proud patriotic American. I love my country, and have dedicated my life so far to making it a good place for people to live. And you know what? If I ever need it, I'll be happy to use the system I've helped support all these years.
Maybe he's not quite as employable as he's lead us to believe.
Mostly whisky, cigarettes, and little patience.
Keep working remotely until they fire you for not going onsite. Then collect unemployment.
Scam.
Good point.
Ever been submitted to a detailed screening? I have. They catch a lot, and ask about everything. I'm sure they'll notice a different name on the scrip.
Jesus. Screw legality, are you interested in ever working again?
He did. Just now. I'll agree with him, this is petty.
A lawyer you hire would be telling you the same thing. They can sue, and it would be expensive. You'll likely do more damage to yourself than anyone else.
That's the thing. . . Unless you're some righteous whistleblower, there's no good reason to be airing dirty laundry in the first place. Do what you like, and have fun being sued.
So /u/placebo_addicted and I were right the first time around? Excuse me while I smugly smirk at the 30 people who so firmly disagreed.
Oh, be sure to let us know.
I'm honestly not sure if the law says one way or the other, but I'm sure someone else will weigh in. It's tricky. On the one hand, I feel like that's not a very good reason to deny a handicap tag. On the other, I don't like the idea of a doctor having to write a prescription against his will. Because this is going to effect more people than just you, I think I would call a local disability attorney and see if you can get a free consultation. Many cities have non-profits that do this kind of work all the time.
To add to /u/grasshoppa1's good advice: there's no legal way to force them to take this down. What they're reporting is accurate, and it's an annoying symptom of living in the 21st Century.
Hey, no need to apologize. Nothing about your post seemed malicious, and it's the sort of thing that all sorts of people have problems with. Hell, I've got a few friends who came out as trans within the last 2-3 years, and I'm still the asshole that occasionally misgenders them. It's hard to overcome what you're used to.
You're asking if you can give power of attorney to an inanimate object?
I fucking wish. If you want the really obnoxious part, I was a pretty good third baseman at both the college and high school in that town. You can't find shit about my baseball career on the internet anymore.
I still haven't given up on my dreams of playing in the majors. One day, one day.
It doesn't sound like he's refusing to pay, so much as he's demanding that you also pay him. Did you break the cups? If so, you probably owe him for them.
Once you've reached this point criminal charges are the least of your concerns. He should be more worried about a big brother or dad.
Nah. It was still an asshole thing to do to the poor kid phonebanking you, though.
