I think you think you're over your issues, your trying to be your own counselor which is never a good idea. One of the great things about seeing a therapist is they can help you see things that you can't see yourself, they are a critical part in the recovery process. 1. Work on yourself. 2. See a therapist. 3. Become happy with yourself. 4. THEN seek out a partner.
I don't have a lot of advice for you...but this line is bullshit " "well I'm working but I'll come out after, but Dan has a date" and he got pretty annoyed with me. I was teasing him and trying to be lighthearted about the situation." You weren't being light-hearted...you made a dig at him and were being passive aggressive.
Seems like he only cares about you when you're going to be the spotlight to others. Oh, a family reunion? Here, this is my daughter to show off that I love. Oh, whats that? A wedding? Of course my wonderful daughter is there. Then when you actually need him, he bails on you. Up to you if you want, he probably just wants to show you off so he can pretend he was actually a father to you in some capacity.
Hotelier - Home, Like No Place There Is Great album, I'm a cranky 33 year old man who really dislikes a lot of new music. Loved this album though.
If someone shows that they are selfish and lack empathy, that is only going to be a bigger issue later down the road, when life becomes more stressful and requires more sacrifices. Jump ship.
I hope you didn't make your dog listen to the Red Wedding, poor thing.
Our cat wasn't a fan of our dog at all. We put up a baby gate that the cats can fit under but the dog can't, they then slowly started getting along more. Cats can often take a longgg time to adjust.
Completely agree, however, the vast majority of large cities and suburbs surrounding those cities have leash laws.
Huh? It doesn't, we're talking about a public park, not an off-leash dog park or an off-leash area.
I'm still a bit confused, he is referring to taking his dog off-leash at a public park, not an off-leash park or off-leash area...?
Sorry, now I feel bad :(, I'm sure your pup is great and I'd love to see a pic of them
You're controlling your temper by suppressing it, not by actually solving the problem. Also, blaming your mom for how you act is a cop out (even if it is true). Get in therapy, find out why you are the way you are, get an idea of where this anger comes from, learn about yourself and through that you can start being kinder to others. Also, an antidepressant might help, sadness isn't the only sign of depression, lashing out/irritability is as well.
Thanks for nitpicking one point in the argument, read the rest of it and get back to me.
That the Blair Witch Project or other found footage films could actually be real, just wouldn't happen anymore.
I just don't worry about the day, everything can wait till tomorrow, I just let everything go. If you're the worrying type, you're going to have issues sleeping, always.
The likelihood of your parents changing is very low. Hell, they probably still like your original name since they gave it to you. I'd just try to let it go.
Thought about getting a dog? If you're lonely and around a lot, a dog can help a lot with those feelings. Plus, dog parks are a great place to meet other people as you already have a shared interest and the same people typically come over and over again, hang in there.
I doubt you left out the cheating because of some moral high ground, you just didn't want to fess up to it and have your kids find out about it and your relationship implode in violent fashion. It probably would have given him a lot more closure on the relationship to know you essentially betrayed him and then decided you wanted a divorce.... Anyway, that's all besides the point, why bother telling him about your current relationship.
The relationship was passionate, it was full of great highs and great lows, that can often be addicting for people as the highs are higher than most relationships get to.
I used to take my dog for several walks a day and he was still wild. We started taking him to an active doggy daycare two days a week and that has completely changed his disposition and saved our sanity. It costs us close to 50 dollars a week but the behaviour change has been priceless.
My girlfriend and I both work full time, 8-5pm every day. Here is some of my advice 1. Find a breed that fits the energy level you can handle. If you get a high energy dog, be prepared to take them to the dog park for a few hours everyday. 2. Consider crate training early on, just because you can't handle the idea of being boxed up in a crate all day, doesn't mean a dog feels the same way. Its a fantastic way to potty train a dog and many dogs like their kennels as it provides them security and solitude. 3. Consider doggy daycare a few days a week. We have our dog go to doggy daycare on Tuesdays and Thursdays and he comes home completely exhausted and happy. This costs around 50 dollars a week, we alternate dropping him off and picking him up. 4. 30 minutes over lunch is fine, you're right, puppies can't hold their bladder. You will need to go home to let him out. 5. It sounds like you have a yard, I'd invest in an invisible fence at least, its very very very very nice to just let the dog out when it needs to go out or to just hang out in the yard and let the dog play. Good luck! Edit: One more thing, start off more strict and get more lax as time goes on. Sure, you might want a puppy in your bed but do you want a full grown dog sleeping with you every night? I'm of the opinion that you start teaching behaviours that you want early, then start giving them more slack as they get older and you find what you want your dog to actually do. For instance, our dog didn't go in our bed for the first 3 months, now that is he is fully crate trained, we let him sleep in with us every now and again on the weekend. Its much harder to train behaviour down the road, just my two cents.
Sounds like you're doing all you can in that realm, sorry he is still so wild :(. In my opinion, its ok for a dog to be pretty wild at the dog park, as long as he/she doesn't play aggressively, even if he/she likes to wrestle, that's totally cool!
Yeah, I call it life.
I'd say about 50% attendance from a Facebook invite is pretty standard.
Eh, there will always be a bad time for this stuff. If anything, she will have the promotion to hopefully help her through this process? You've been together for 1.5 years, there is no easy way about this.
Hey, 34m here, got out of a 3 year relationship and hit the online dating sites fairly heavy for a time. You did nothing wrong, he was just never that into you; hard as that is to hear. I'm not sure why he spoke to you in that way, especially if he wasn't just trying to get you to sleep with him. Some people act really fucking crazy in rebound relationships. They end up projecting their fears about their old relationship onto the new person or jump headlong into something hot and heavy as it feels so good to feel something other than misery. Long story short, it isn't your fault and there was nothing you could have done.
Great story, also, you sound like a really fun guy to party with.
Everyone in this post is ignoring that they share the same friends group...which is going to make things extremely awkward. You moved on, casually, to another friend in your friend group. That is kinda tactless, regardless of how your relationship ended. If you need to date casually to get over things, expect it to blow up in your face if you go about it in this manner....
Sure, I totally get that. I don't know, I mean, if he is going to remain in that friend group, it might make more sense to get some 'strange' from online dating, rather than someone else in that friend group. I don't know...regardless, he's going to be thinking that you had a thing for this 'friend' the whole time and it's just going to make him feel terrible. I assume that, even though the relationship ended, you still have some level of respect for him. If you need some strange or whatever, hit up Tinder like the rest of us soulless devils.
Watch what you call my father, sir.
He respects you, doesn't push your boundaries and you love him. Realistically, you are 19 and will not end up with him....but, this sounds like a lot better situation to lose your virginity in than most cases. Just make sure you feel ok and it's something you want to do.
I drink a fair amount, usually only on weekends though and rarely by myself. Every now and again I'll drink while I game. Drinking every night like that is not normal or healthy. You will literally become addicted to alcohol at some point...not to mention you give your body zero breaks from alcohol. I noticed I'm a bit more bored of games these days. I only really play them when I am drinking as it makes them more fun. Do you think you're maybe bored and need some new hobbies? Find different ways o embrace life?
Well, I hate to say it, but I just stopped gaming mostly. For instance, I kinda wanted to drink and game the other night but I went for a walk around the lake with my dog instead...which I ended up enjoying a lot more, which kind of surprised me. You're getting older, it's no surprise that games just don't do what they used to for you. In reality, they're manly just a distraction from life (this is from someone who used to game a ton). Just get outside more, read more, try to find things that give you natural joy. Also, when start drinking less during the week you're going to feel much better in general, I promise.
People will notice how you act and respect it. If she is passive aggressive or insults you, just be respectful but straight forward. Stuff like "I'm sorry you're upset with me, I still respect you and hope we can get along." or "Please don't put me down like that in front of the group. Can't we all have fun like we used to?" When people see you act respectful and kind to her aggression, she'll either stop or your friends will get sick of her.
It's hard to describe the layout of this machine. It does have slots for holding an Olympic style bar as well as the 'Smith' bar. Edit: Like this [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0HdB1yh.jpg)
I don't know, the machine is designed to function in this way, edited the OP [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0HdB1yh.jpg) Yeah, it was dumb to lock the bar up above instead of finding a way to set it below. I am used to this type of post in /Fitness though, judgement, putting people down, etc etc, thanks.
Yeah, absolutely...I guess that is why I created this post. I just figured that people use these type of machines to help 'spot' them. They are failing, twist the bar and lock it into place. I guess I just assumed it would be safe to lock it into place with no weight. Just want to help other people not make the same mistake. I'm certainly no genius, but people make mistakes/assumptions and it can bite you in the ass sometime. Just hope people can understand that instead of tearing me to pieces.
When someone tells you what they are, believe them. Anyway, I can tell you the amount of guys that have a fwb that turns into a relationship...approximately 0. People have fwb relationships for a lot of reasons. Mainly because they aren't ready for a relationship or they are willing to have sex with someone but would never want to date them. Stop doing this to yourself and move on.
This is the age we live in. Someone is asking for advice on dealing with a girlfriend who is constantly on Instagram instead of living life. Post comments are filled with people looking for tips on how to get more Instagram followed. Pls kill me.
Consider that she gets everything she wants at this point. She married him long enough so she is entitled to a hefty sum in the divorce. Next, she gets your forgiveness and acceptance. Money and complete forgiveness, what more could she want? That being said, it may be worthwhile to hear her out, just to see what excuses she has.
Absolutely...also, the OP notes that he diagnosed himself based on some online quizzes. I don't think that is how this works...
I don't even know if 'dated briefly' is the right term to use here. You went on one date with her. One of the more interesting pieces of advice I've heard over the past several years relates to scenarios like these. It's not a friendship if one of the 'friends' wants to be with the other 'friend' romantically. The nature of the relationship is completely different. Compare it to any of the other platonic relationships in your life and you'll quickly see the difference. If you want to pine over a girl who uses you for friendship and dates other men, that's up to you. I'd use your only source of power here, which is to break off contact. On a side note, the friendship only means so much to you because you're looking through it from a romantic filter, not a friendship filter.
Yeah, I actually had a bit of problem the opposite way. I'm a 34 year old guy and did a fair amount of online dating. I ended up with someone I really like but still liked several women as friends. Then I realized it wasn't really fair to them because some of them still liked me and I could tell they did...and we just had to end up cutting the friendship. Your 'friend' is being selfish as well. She wants your friendship but doesn't want a relationship and doesn't seem concerned about how that affects these other guys mentally. Online dating isn't a good mechanism to make friends.
You seem beyond irate at this point and way too hung up on technicalities. You guys need therapy. Edit: Also, telling your husband to do something then giving him a hard time about it later is not good. That's being passive aggressive which is worse than just being clear with your feelings up front.
I'm a 34 year old man My brother died of Lymphoma 4 years ago My sister is an alcoholic who was a rage monster as a teenager and is now blaming my parents for all her problems. Do what I do, find a partner with a good family and leech on to them and never let go.
I think this is one of the very few times I actually enjoyed a comment so much that I laughed. Bravo!
My girlfriend hit on me, I'm 34 and this is the first time I've been in love. We've been dating for 7 months, keep up the good work.
As long as you're being honest with yourself. Youre at an age where self image and eating disorders are rampant. Losing 20lbs in 2 months, especially to such a low weight is...quite a bit.
I kind of look at it this way. The wedding is about the bride and groom. Whatever you can do to make their lives easier, you do it. I'd personally sit this one out...if he is in the wedding and alcohol is his demon, lord knows he'll be drinking at the reception and could potentially cause a scene. You've absolutely done the right thing by making this decision and you shouldn't have to suffer for it...but I'd still avoid going at this point.
With how expensive education is these days, people absolutely must...must feel that there money was well spent. There is no other way than college. If they don't have that to hold onto, they would throw themselves off the Golden Gate bridge.
