&gt;Though gridiron, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are known here as the "Big Four" sports, soccer has surely ousted ice hockey to join that quartet. Nah.
I know what you are referring to and it was NBCSN not NBC. Also that's an incredibly misleading statistic. EPL face almost ZERO competition in the US for their timeslot, while the NHL is going against other large sports leagues and primetime TV. Also, every single NHL game is on TV, while that can't be said for EPL. In addition, fans of the NHL teams may be less likely to watch on TV because many will be attending the games, while that is impossible for EPL in the US.
Well for some teams at least...
&gt; the Marketers haven't gotten into the heads of Millenniums the way they have for previous generations. This just isn't true. You just target them in different ways. The millennials have been figured out for a while now. You need to offer value with your advertising. That's why companies like Buzzfeed have taken off. They are literally a giant advertisement, it's how they make their money, but they provide entertainment to people. Same thing goes for event marketing or sharing native content on social media. It works incredibly well.
The actual reason cheerleading isn't considered a sport is because it doesn't follow a unison set of rules across competitions. While sports such as gymnastics and boxing have judges, the discretion is judged against the same standards in every competition. This is not the case for cheerleading.
&gt; Depression is not a personal problem, it's a medical problem. Medical problems are personal problems. He wasn't kicked off the US Team, but his boss decided that his lack of involvement beforehand would hinder the team if he were selected. FMLA and ADA do not say that you are entitled to a position or job if your disability or disease prevent you from performing that task. If you took a sabbatical from work because of depression at a marketing agency and then came back and were not performing at the incredible success rate that you were before, you should expect to be put on a team for your company's biggest pitch in years that they were preparing for the entire time you were away.
&gt;In real life, outside of an academic setting? Not really. I'd almost argue the opposite. In the real world, you are judged on the end result, no matter how hard you work. If you're simply more naturally talented, or can think of better solutions, it doesn't matter how hard you work. Obviously hard work matters, but to claim talent doesn't is pretty naive.
This is no different from the rules for Union fans at PPL Park and everyone has been sucking Union fans' dicks since we've entered the league. NYCFC really isn't any different. It's ok to love to hate them, but it's silly to think that SKC or RBNY are any more "organic".
Yeah I honestly think it's silly to claim that traveling doesn't give you some insight and perspective that those who don't travel generally lack. Every new experience gives you more perspective, and traveling to another country is one of the most new and different experiences you can have.
&gt; If you're a person that uses those terms in a league you have to buy your way into I guess you'll take legitimacy anyway you can get it. Yeah pretty much. The point is none of the teams themselves are organic. Fandom is pretty much all organic, even if marketing is involved to get people there. The Union is still a business like the rest and Union fans are no more organic than NYCFC fans. We're just more negative.
Ok and then you can say the same to literally everyone else bashing them. Judge them in their third year, not their third month. Or can you only judge them if you have a negative opinion. Also, launch to market is a huge indicator of success further down the line. They have created great top of mind awareness and built great momentum in their brand equity in a busy market with a high barrier to entry. I'm judging them on the terms of the article. They are doing a lot better than any other MLS team I've seen that has launched in a saturated market.
&gt; Does Fifa get paid based off number of viewers for the world cup or have they already sold the right for T.v. for this world cup for a set amount? In a roundabout way, yes. # of viewers will absolutely effect their future contract negotiations.
Dude honestly I don't care enough about this topic to really read everything you wrote, sorry. Just skimming: Chivas USA failed because of bad management, marketing, and apathy. NYCFC could easily avoid their pitfalls. There is too much money to be made for them to simply "stop caring" and having 2 organizations in the ownership group helps prevent this. &gt;and I just don't see how throwing more money at the problem solves the problem Look at the current state of the Yankees and Man City. Their current ownerships (who collectively own NYCFC) literally did exactly this and built 2 of the strongest sporting brands in the world around it. Also, nothing about NYCFC's marketing in NYC screams Man City at all. It's all entirely focused around the idea of a NYC team. This is 100% different than what Chivas did.
Haha yeah, I just don't get why this is even a post on the sub haha. I've seen a lot worse MLS gear than this hat.
All he had to do was work hard and keep his mouth shut and would have gotten over $11MM over the next 2 years. For an old as shit O-lineman, that's fucking amazing. I get that they want to max out their time in the NFL, but at what point do you just realize that you aren't actually worth any more to the team? I'd argue he already had an insanely good contract for his situation.
It's about the team name not the organization itself.
They're probably even better than a simple sample. Parents are more likely to be older, and older people are more likely to vote. Edit: If you're going to downvote me, read my post further down that pretty much proves my point.
Parents of children in Kids Pick the President (they aren't going to be young children, mostly over 12) are most likely going to be in their 30s or 40s. These people have a *much* higher voter turnout than those 18-29. Also, [70% of married parents vote, regardless of age](http://content.csbs.utah.edu/~wolfinger/Wolfinger-Wolfinger2008.pdf). This would suggest that these kids parroting their parents would be much more representative than a polling of all eligible voters. Edit: Also remember that the kids in these elections were calling in and using the internet, suggesting that they were older.
How do you understand that? 1 having a significantly higher open rate suggests that either the sender or subject (or both) is different. The other having a 60% higher CTR would suggest that the email's content is different. I'd be willing to bet there were multiple variables at play.
My dog goes through one of those balls a week, but they are his absolute favorite so i buy them quite often. Try black kong toys. My pit destroys everything else he gets.
&gt; I guess I just have to choose if it's worth having less people read my emails to get more engagements. How large was your sample size? Did you achieve statistical significance. Hypothetically, the body text itself shouldn't effect open rate. Was different preview text (the small part of the email you can read before opening?) showing for each email? It just seems like that difference between open rates is incredibly large to not have been effected by something specific. Did you look at bounce rate between group A and group B to account for that?
There is a breed called the American Pit Bull Terrier, but generally a pit bull can be 1 of 3 breeds or a mix of them. Either way, you're dog is obviously a pit mix, not sure what that person is trying to say.
staffordshire bull terrier
That's some [Paranoid Park](https://youtu.be/6fjoxbyYaRc?t=59) shit.
[I own a brindle pit bull.](http://imgur.com/jtYc4I2) He is a pit bull, people who see him call him a pit bull, the SPCA called him a pit bull and everyone knows what "pit bulls" look like. I'd rather have my dog be an advocate for all dogs identified as pits than run away from the term that the vast majority of society uses and will continue to use. I live in America and I also live in reality and that's what they're known as.
We manage our accounts completely separately, so I don't have an answer to that. Haven't used Marin or DS in a couple years.
AdGooroo
Still, annoying that it's removed though. I don't wanna sort through these comments that are all chronologically based. Post match threads are fundamentally different and that would have been great for discussion. I'm sure there'll just be some article posted about the game that will fill in tomorrow.
5 apartments in the Dakota? Who does he think he is? John Lennon?
This is the one I actually came here looking for. Plenty of people in this thread are listing roles that people simply did well and made their own. J. K. Simmons took an existing character and played it fucking *perfectly*.
This is insanely awesome. Did you think of this idea yourself?
One topic that I think is getting insanely relevant right now is the line that brands are walking between being hyper-targeted to consumers' needs and being plane creepy. I'm actually conducting some research on that now and find it awesome. Honestly, go with what you are passionate about and it will make your thesis 1000x better and will help you in life.
Valderrama did not close to the majority of his career in MLS.
Not sure why you are getting downvoted. I don't see the point in answering a completely different question
He spent slightly more than 1/4 of his career in MLS and didn't come to the league until he was 35. I'm sorry, but he really doesn't fit the criteria of this question any more than Beckham or Juan Pablo Angel do. I'm not saying he wasn't significant in MLS, I'm saying he simply does not fit into the criteria for the question.
Literally started laughing out loud at this at the office. At one point, when I pointed out that Valderamma didn't spend near a majority of his career in MLS, I got the response that "That's not what was being asked though". When I showed that it was, I got the response: &gt;He still spend a good enough time in MLS to consider it, plus being an instrumental player for both the Mutiny and the Fusion. It's like watching a presidential debate. People just completely ignoring the question to push their personal bias and display their (lack of) historical MLS knowledge. Like it's ok if you're a new fan or your info comes exclusively from Backyard Soccer, but don't get mad at me for trying to keep the conversation on track.
Very similar situation with Susan G Komen. They spend their money on the best way to stop women from dying of breast cancer. The hate for them is generally unfounded.
Because I understand how their corporate structure actually works and don't simply regurgitate misinformation I hear on reddit. What are you gonna tell me next, that Bernie Sanders will be the next president? Seriously, just take 5 minutes to google how wrong you are. The fact that you think they "spend most of their money promoting their own brand" shows how ignorant you are. They are actually rated a 96% on accountability and transparency on Charity Navigator, so tell me again how they are clearly corrupt, oh enlightened one.
They are legally obligated to protect their trademark. If they let other charities use it, then it becomes diluted and ANYONE can use it. That means I could walk around legally selling pink ribbons that say "for a cure" on them and pocket the money. Again, do a little research off of reddit and actually learn about shit rather than just regurgitating what you read on this site.
&gt; From what I understand SGK does not donate much (if any) to cancer research. Serious people. Do some fucking research. In 2013 they donated ~$50 Million to cancer research. The hate for the organization is extremely out of control on this site. Their Charity Navigator scores aren't even bad.
Not really. If I ever see "for the cure" I immediately think breast cancer. If I saw someone selling "for the cure" merchandise, my assumption is that it would be going to breast cancer awareness and research. Now imagine if that person was actually raising money for something else and were basically scamming people who associate that phrase with Komen (which pretty much everyone does). That's the entire point of trademark protection.
Exactly. Everyone on here is throwing out general bullshit they heard on reddit with no actual numbers and no experience with non-profits to compare it to.
Ok let's look at this one point at a time. &gt;They donate ~20% to research Ok, and that 20% is $50MM. %s mean nothing, considering how easy it is to "lie with statistics". Their 20% is significantly higher than anyone else's 20% because of their ability to market well. IF they didn't market their brand, they'd be bringing in less than $50MM. That's just how it is. &gt;But they sugar coat it like they are using all donations to fund thousands of clinical studies, building hospitals, and paying doctors salaries. And they aren't. Simple as that. Again, they are not claiming this at all. You are arguing with a straw man. Their transparency is rated a 96/100 on charity navigator, which is generally considered the authority on these things. Just because people are too lazy to look up what they are giving to, doesn't mean Komen is misrepresenting anything. [If you look at their breakdown of expenses](http://imgur.com/cF1SCJ0) you'd see that people completely misrepresent them on this site. &gt;The Rose (TX), Breastcancer.org (PA), Living Beyond Breast Cancer (PA), and National Breast Cancer Coalition Fund (DC) rank all above 95 on Charity Navigator. You can list other charities, like the ones you did, but realize that those charities are not doing nearly as good job at marketing and do not get as many people to donate. Komen donates magnitudes more to research in $$ terms than they do. If anything, maybe they should start spending more on marketing, as it would raise more money for cancer research.
"they sound great" is pretty much as subjective as it gets. Not even worth arguing over.
Again, I'm not saying SBK is the best charity to give to or that they are the authority on everything cancer-related. I'm just saying that people grossly misrepresent them on this site as some evil corporation. I give to breastcancer.org and participate in some SBK events, but I just get pissed off at the misinformation that gets perpetuated consistently on here. Glad to see that there are some reasonable people on here.
This whole fucking argument is about semantics. He said "they sound great". You said they don't. You can't tell him they don't sound great because "great" is subjective. He could have said a duck farting into a megaphone sounds "great" and you can't tell him otherwise. Great is, *by definition* a subjective word. You can not say &gt;they in-fact do not "sound great" from an objective level. because that's not what the word great means. Maybe he personally prefers the sound of Beats, maybe they are they best he has heard, but none of that makes what he said wrong. You said this: &gt;they most definitely do not sound "great" You even put the word in quotes. I'm sorry that you started an entire argument by not understanding the difference between objectivity and subjectivity, but don't bust out the "arguing semantics" talking point when you started an entire argument based on semantics yourself.
Just actually switched from Fios to TWC in Manhattan and I gotta say that TWC is much better for the same price so far. It has the 5G option and is just faster/doesn't go out as much. Just a personal anecdote though.
&gt; Please tell me which signing was a massive step down from the guy before in the past 3 years? Ok, M'bohli. Who else? Exactly. It's not that our team is getting worse. It's that our team is getting better at a much slower pace than the rest of MLS. Say all you want about the players but results are what matters. We're getting swindled by some businessmen than are taking advantage of the loyalty of Philadelphia sports fans. They haven't gotten a dollar out of me in the past year, and won't until at least Sak is gone. You can call me a bad fan all you want, just know I'll be laughing at you while I spend that extra pocket women actually enjoying and feeling good about myself instead of getting scammed.
I'm sorry but you just seem uninformed on the situation of the club. It's pretty obvious from an inside perspective that even with a great coach, we'd be mediocre at best. When you don't have a starting quality left-back for years, coaching obviously isn't the root of your problems.
not from a PPG perspective.
