Read it with my wife, and while it was helpful it's certainly no magic fix for relationship problems. I didn't care for the religious overtones, and the book simplified that people only speak one love language when in fact they can speak of all them depending on the situation.
Good to know at least my shoes and my belt will always get checked. The only thing that comforts my disdain for TSA is knowing that they're getting constantly radiated by the x-ray machines.
McLaren P1 still looks the most bonkers in person out of the three hypercars
I do this all the time with my LBS and they're cool with it. I support them by bringing my bike in for service and pay them accordingly.
Bust out the Bud Light Limes!!!
I'm surprised he's lasted this long. I know this is a development year for Aprilia but it doesn't make it any less embarrassing to be dead last every time.
I thought Ike Turner was the Hero of Music. lol
Mostly drugs according to The Armstrong Lie lol
The CTD won't be any more plusher. If you want plush, go with a Revelation or a Pike. The new Fox 36 is also very plush, and their new line of forks should be plush as well.
A Fox 32 is hardly an ultra light XC fork. He asked for opinions on plush from people who ridden both non CTD and CTD 32s and that's what I did. Now, how exactly are you helping?
The context of the post never said "I want a xc fork with only 100mm travel". They asked about plushness of CTD, which the only Fox fork atm that's plush is the 36. And I've had a 150mm 32, so much for being an xc only fork...
Clever quote, must have a hard time googling it. The Revelation is a 32mm stanchion fork just like the Fox 32 the OP was asking about..and it even comes in Dual Air to adjust it down to XC spandex loving levels. But go ahead and continue to be pissed that I mentioned a 36. What about a Boxxer, that should be plush right? LOL
Yo momma so fat that when she went swimming in the ocean, she came out with harpoons on her back
Samson is open, as is Big Cedar.
I rode Samson yesterday and it's in decent shape, just needs some trimming and there are two minor wet spots but most of the park is in rideable shape.
Rio Mambo in Arlington on Fridays, and Rio Mambo in Colleyville on Saturdays
I went two weekends ago pretty much just for the Simpsons area. $95 plus parking is expensive as hell, but I was in LA for work and wasn't about to fly back in the future just to go to Universal. I did really think they were going to have Bort licence plates but they didn't, although I did enjoy the Duff Brewery section. My favorite part was that they play classic clips from the show in all the waiting areas.
Buying stock in Crestfield Wax paper now...
Suntour forks. I know their air forks are supposed to be "ok" (although I haven't seen any details as to what kind of damping they use and how good it works), but their bottom rung stuff that they put on all beginner's bikes is all crap.
That was a great article. I went to see the USWNT almost ten years ago now in the FC Dallas stadium and I was shocked to witness how quiet it was despite it being packed. While it was cool to actually hear the players yell to each other, I couldn't help to think how awesome it would be if they had the 'real' soccer atmosphere. IMO it was a truly stupid decision to not have a WMLS, specially after '99.
Not looking good for Northshore, or any of the trails around Grapevine. Last I heard, the lake is 20+ feet over and the water will slowly be released so as to not flood places downstream.
TLD A1 helmet. Great fit, good ventilation, and great looks.
"Gotta walk that off. Caught me slippin'"
Sooo they pretty much they play and behave like any regular men's national team LOL
Obama should have been on Girl on Guy first instead of WTF
This movie was tailor-made for How Did This Get Made podcast, but I wouldn't want them to give FIFA any publicity or revenue.
No doubt this is the best way to go to not sink in a lot money on an entry level bike, but I'd rather find a good used fork with better damping and adjustment.
MotoGP clearly doesn't need Stoner. I don't know why people can't seem to let go and accept that a) he's gone and so are his golden days and b) motoGP has moved on and no one except die-hard fans have missed him
I honestly think the only guy so far that can retire and have a significant impact on MotoGP is Rossi.
Not any better than blind fanboyism. I'd much rather see new talent who are the future of the sport.
Best show ever.
LOL that's for sure.
I wish it would have gone 11 vs 11 the entire 90 mins. Sloppy indeed from the US, they don't have any other gameplan except "kick it to Wambach/Morgan". I'm ready to the US to get eliminated, way too much hype for low quality results.
Ducts, air handler and everything else besides the fan and compressor are in the attic.
I'm in Fort Worth so yeah if you don't mind passing me the info of the roofing company I'd appreciate it.
Thanks for the good input. I understand that hvac in the hot attic is not good but all homes here are built that way.
it's an all brick home. What kind of contractor do I contact for proper attic venting? I already had two radiant barrier guys come in recommending powered fans in the attic, but that's not the way I want to go and made me think that perhaps I should be talking to someone else.
Giggity giggity, allright!
Another vote for her character dying in Season 6. The sooner the better.
Not yet, the the trail steward from FWMBA posted that latest rain we had flooded the sections by the river and the ground is still seeping in the upper sections. Once the seeping stops it should dry quickly with all this heat.
Since the last world cup, Chile sure are trying their best to be the douchiest team from south america.
The downturn was the perfect excuse for companies to get rid of jobs, pay less, and have employees do more work. They're perfectly happy to keep things this way since "times are still tough" and "we need to stay on the path of recovery" or whatever BS they can spin.
And that would do what exactly? I'm not talking about working minimum wage jobs, I'm talking about some of the biggest corporations in this country.
Suntour's bottom-end forks really are junk. It's really crappy that pretty much all beginner bikes come with these type of forks--I'd rather not get a fork and find my own or get a rigid fork.
You win the award for most misguided post ever. I'm not even from mexico but I have a hard time giving any kind of validity to any of your "points" since they're based on completely erroneous assumptions.
You've nailed it. I cannot wait for them to get knocked out and have the likes of Wambach and hopefully Morgan go off into the sunset.
There are far, far worse things in this country to worry about besides "they took our jubs!" hysteria. By the way, correlation does not equal causation for whatever it is that you have "objectively observed".
This may break the internet.
Agreed that the tactics and the playing philosophy need a serious and complete overhaul. The USWNT's tactics were long in the tooth even back in '99. Japan has shown that you can win by playing good, smart soccer and not by only out running/out muscling your opponent.
Dad, why did you bring me to a gay steel mill?
