If I ever end up in a fight, I'm going to fight dirty. I would do everything in my power to avoid a fight, so if I end up in one, there's no way that I'm holding back. Besides, I'm weak as fuck, so I would need every possible advantage.
I wouldn't go so far as to say that it's dead, but it's nothing like what it used to be. I'm fairly new to photography (7 years experience), and I'm actually a professional, working for someone else. I still have so much to learn that it can be a bit discouraging. At least it is until I remember just how much I love shooting...
No kidding. I was once taking bird photos, and I ended up with about 3,000 shots. There were about 20 that were actually worth posting to Facebook, and only four or five that I would consider to be really good.
Thankfully, MN has a law that allows you to run a red if it is safe to go, and if it's been red for an unreasonable amount of time. I'm pretty sure that 11 minutes counts as "unreasonable".
Even worse is when people think that it's acceptable to mess with your computer when you're trying to use it. I yelled at one of my friend's brother, because he tried to shut my laptop when I was using it. I mean, not only is it really irritating, but it's possible to damage the screen, and that would be a very expensive and time-consuming fix.
Yoyogi is such a beautiful place...
I live in Minnesota, and I'm always amazed by how much people struggle in the snow. I get that learning handling intricacies may take a while to learn, but it doesn't take an F1 driver to understand that flooring your car from a stop on ice is not a good way to get moving.
Pilots are awesome people. I might be biased though, since a ton of my friends' parents are pilots.
I've hit 47 on my road bike, and I know people who have topped 60. Someone in my club even crashed at 50 once. They ended up with a pretty serious concussion, but apparently the helmet saved their life. Plus, call me weird, but I actually think that they look pretty cool.
I'd probably try to demonstrate some math theorems. Showing the Pythagorean theorem should be fairly simple to do, and there shouldn't be any communication issues. I suppose that the internet could also be a good way to turn. Just google "Math visualizations", or something similar.
I don't know, it works for audio issues for me.
Wow, that sounds like a great program! Are there any disadvantages to it?
That's not really a disadvantage, though.
If the steering column is still there, what's the point of the drive by wire? What sort of benefits does it offer?
It's just incentive to not crash! /s
It definitely is. The squared off inner parts of the tail lights give it away to me.
I guess that I disagree with you here. My parents have a '15 Forester. The interior isn't anything too exciting, but I wouldn't say that there's anything wrong with it either.
They do occasionally do accident reconstructions, but only for extremely severe accidents. If you were in one that bad, I doubt that the cars would be able to move anyways.
Let me guess, it proves the Spanish translation accurate?
That's pretty cool! I wish that my school had a team, but we're way to small...
It always irritates me how the beetle doesn't flip because of the way that the wheels are turned.
That was my first thought, too! Possibly Paris-Brest-Paris too, but that's a lot shorter.
Your car not wanting to start... It's getting cold enough here in MN that I'm not positive that my car will start tomorrow...
Honestly, I feel like it's justifiable when there aren't any legal channels to get it through.
Would you be willing to give more details? This sounds like a pretty interesting story.
You know it's bad when you have to scrape the *inside* of your car's windows. Air temp where I am is -14 right now, and the windchill is supposed to get to below -30 by Tuesday...
I'm not sure where you're getting that number. According to this report from the US department of Housing and Urban Development, there are "only" around 47,000 homeless vets in the US (skip to page 50) https://www.hudexchange.info/resources/documents/2015-AHAR-Part-1.pdf I don't see why we can't take care of both groups, to be honest.
I really want to try this on one of the Great Lakes freighters sometime.
That works for me!
Oh, I didn't mean for it be a challenge. I just thought that it was funny how easy it is now.
No worries!
"You're not a Non Governmental Organization, you're Non Governmental Faggots!" That was honestly the best that he could come up with?
I just felt bad for him when I saw the DeVry part. Hopefully someone enlightens him to how terrible of a choice that would be.
Does anyone know whether this will actually damage the car?
I'll second the other person, with their grappling hook idea. Also, when you start getting close, lay down and crawl across the ice. If you spread yourself out, it makes you less likely to crack the ice.
Gulf Oil did it long, long before. http://www.gt40gulfliverycars.com/images/800_Gulf_trio.jpg
I don't know. It's a little long, but it's pretty easy to understand, and it gives a lot of info.
Great point. It might seem to be alright to let it go, since there was no damage, but what happens if he does the same thing, only into traffic? Or over a pedestrian?
Also, you should always try to move over if you see a stopped or disabled vehicle. Provided that it is safe for you to do so, of course. You won't help them at all if you hit someone else and spin out into them.
I don't think that he hit the car. I'm pretty sure that he just fucked his car up on the curb.
I'm 18, and I know that I could do better than the guys in both videos. Mostly because I wouldn't be driving like an absolute dumbass.
What year Quantum do you have? I've got a 2000, and I absolutely love it.
You know an accident is bad when a 40 car pileup is the small one...
Was that once a treadmill?
Nice! I also have an '04 Attitude XV. It's kind of funny, the bike that I was riding before I bought the Quantum was a Litespeed Classic. I guess that we just have similar taste in brands!
My dad's desktop is a 2009 HP office tower, which only has VGA ports. He has an ASUS PA248Q, with it though, which is a 1920x1200p IPS panel. It's kind of a waste, but at least it should last well for his next upgrade.
Just what I was thinking. What if someone had stepped out from one of those driveways?
Yeah, I doubt that any of my friends would care. I mean, we all lay in a big pile when we're watching movies together, so I doubt that a hand on the shoulder would matter. Still...
Ouch, that looks like a pretty nasty impact.
It really ought to be called the Toyota Wetlands, because there aren't going to be many Tundras left after these things have been on the road...
