I don't have those settings on.
Want to trivialize PTSD? Post this sort of bullshit. OP apparently knows noone that's served in the military.
This community is extreme shit and threads like this prove it.
Now your level 2 skill spamming game is that much more powerful!
Players: 1 Balmung: 0 when's round 2
2002s and 5006s on main menu now. Aether dataserv
The voice acting before was pretty mediocre, but a big shift in all VAs is pretty jarring at the same time.
S-Still getting 2002s on Aether? So much for a nap fixing the issue... 5006s too.
I've never seen it refresh the position of the queue every update.
It'd probably be nice if they didn't pack all of the mondo superservers into Aether.
Because you're probably not actually spending half your time just trying to log in. Because they would've had the same problems without early access. Launches for popular games are very commonly rocky, and often much worse than this--these sorts of remarks serve absolutely no purpose.
Probably not that much worse. How many people are there really that want to play HW but wouldn't go for the preorder bonus?
Males are fine, if having a lot of weird hair styles / sometimes faces. Females are pretty much the worst. Fight me.
that was code for "quit dressing up your female character in underwear" or maybe "get off the computer you're too horny"
None of you got PTSD from playing a video game. Quit being childish. The fact that you think that's totally fine to joke about really speaks for your collective character.
screenshots seem to take off a few pounds
inundated with off-peak, 9 AM logins
As far as what is familiar to me, [female highlander 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXytHnEdHtM#t=18s) is fairly subdued, but what irritates you and irritates another is generally going to vary widely. There's lots of videos on youtube of combat voices, though some are harder to find than others. [This channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/0Zbox0/videos) seems to have a majority of them, even Au Ra.
I've never personally seen people gripe too much when cutscenes happen in dungeons, but I don't personally like to make people wait, typically.
now solo titan normal
With regards to whether or not cash shop things are RMT: if it's an in-game item you can exchange for in-game currency, generally not actionable. If it's something out of game (such as a code for an item like the Moogle costume from a couple years ago) and you are trading it for gil, that counts as RMT.
You have to have a Zodiac Zeta weapon to skip any of the Anima quest line. Anything below that will do nothing. ARR relics have no bearing at 60 besides letting you skip the Atma 2.0 part of the HW relic quest.
Diadem interest dropped off long before 3.15 because it is boring and unfulfilling + the fact that they nerfed 210 drops. Relic had little to do with it.
I got the impression that was perhaps *the* low pop server, but it really depends on what you're wanting to do. I personally don't get in PF activities that much, so there wouldn't be a big difference between Coeurl and Balmung necessarily (less ERPers to avoid?)
just think of how many invisible walls they'd have to remove
You get 3 allowances every 12 hours, so 6 per day. Leave allowances are shown on the Timers pane with other stuff like Challenge Log and Supply/Provisioning resets.
Greyish, but erring on the side of "no" because a recruitment code is not handled anywhere in game. Stuff like EB rings are generally ignored because you actually trade an in-game item, but stuff like selling Moogle suits from the fan event from a couple years ago is not allowed because it's an out-of-game code. GMs will restore one item only per account ever. Generally don't waste it on replaceable things.
You talk about the Poetics bonus farming for Anima bit (at least it sounds like Anima) as if it is a one-way deal and the people who have never cleared Coil get absolutely nothing out of the experience. Poetics bonus is a pretty accepted way to get some quick resources for Anima, and I do not see the justification for you deciding for other people who are evidently fine with getting to run Coil for the first time whether or not they are being exploited. It's also cute the way you feel the need to point out that the ~*~female FC leader~*~ is using her ~*~sexual power~*~ on the poor FC members. It sounds to me as if you are predisposed to disliking this person, at which point it is easy to view what could easily be normal behavior as cliquey, exploitative, and/or whatever the fuck you call that sexist shtick. Sounds like lone wolf behavior to me.
The only reason DRK might have an SS breakpoint (and the only sort of reason any class has SS breakpoints usually) is to get an extra GCD during Blood Weapon for extra MP. However, last I checked, this is rarely talked about so the benefits don't likely outweigh the drawbacks, which is greater TP loss. It's not likely DRK has a high SS stat weight. Parry is generally regarded as largely useless. Passing up VIT accessories is a bigger problem for tanking than passing on Parry, but a vast majority stack STR accessories. You don't need parry--passive mitigation isn't important in XIV's tank meta, and it's especially irrelevant in this raid tier because most heavy tank damage is magic, which cannot be parried.
Are you using Bane? He may have been griping about single targeting as a SMN if that's what you were actually doing. Usually you start every pull applying your DoTs to one target, then casting Bane after Bio I goes on. You only do Ruin (or Ruin II) as a filler spell. Ruin is by no means a powerful direct damage spell, but you don't just stop using it completely either. Anyway, not only should you typically not need to see the tank's target, but trying to follow the tank's target is counterintuitive because tanks (especially when leveling) will swap targets a lot mid-pull to make sure they have sufficient aggro on each target. A good tank should be able to keep aggro off you regardless of what you target as a SMN since your specialty is AoEing. [Here's a thread about target's target for console, otherwise.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/2jsvd7/ps4_targets_target/)
Nobody needs VIT for leveling.
Since you're not trading for an in-game item, GMs would more than likely qualify this as RMT.
i mean ideally they will actually do something creative with blm and not Fire 2: Electric Boogaloo forever
People on average are just way less good at games than you would assume, being someone who is at least decent at them. Stuff that may seem plain as day to you could be esoteric to someone with 0 experience with the genre. Friend I tried to get to play simply could not get a grip on the game. He'd never done any KBM / WASD games before, and the controller experience was needlessly convoluted compared to a different genre of game.
No, unfortuantely.
If it's available, Unchained -&gt; Overpower is the same enmity as a Steel Cyclone, and obviously you can do more than just one. It was probably a mix of there being a gear discrepancy and you being inexperienced with dealing with a gear discrepancy. Sometimes cooldowns like Unchained and Berserk can be necessary to keep aggro off good players if they are much better geared than you. Long term, I wouldn't be too concerned.
The cast bar game of THM/BLM is more akin to casters in other MMOs. The slow GCD feels shittier subjectively on a Melee with all instant attacks. It's one way to deal with the issue.
Next to never see Diadem farm parties on Balmung. There's usually gathering runs happening multiple times a day though.
Storm's Path can be applied by a WAR at any time, and they can do so while OTing. Reprisal can not completely reliably be applied at any time, and you can only use it while MTing. It is objectively inferior. Just because Dark Dance makes it more likely you will parry doesn't mean it will proc when on command. If you've done any crafting or gathering you would know how draconian this game's RNG is. DD doesn't "promise" you anything other than broken promises.
RMT is virtually nonexistent on the super high pop servers cause they're never open.
the undercut war still wageth on
what color is the tinted glass that produces these sorts of comments in response to a silly monkey hat
Most melee are going to start off pretty simplistic that early on, though Pugilist gives a better indication of what Monk is like later on than the other melee do with their respective jobs. Dragoon very much has a static rotation sort of feel to it. They have high mobility later on with various jumps. They also get more directional heavy as they level from 50-60, where there is pretty much no reason to be anywhere other than the flank prior to 50. They have pretty good AoE burst, and generally middle-ish sustained AoE. They're one of the preferred picks for high personal DPS melee since they bring Disembowel which buffs the Machinist/Bard at no cost to the DRG. But, in general, you will probably have to give any class way more than 20 levels to get a good indication of what it plays like. Save for tanking, very few classes have a lot to do in that level bracket. For healing: since you are troubled with simplistic gameplay being boring, definitely Scholar. There's a lot to manage if you want to be a great Scholar between your non-reactive shield-based healing responsibilties, DPSing, and micro-managing your pet.
They probably wouldn't in this situation where the chargeback would be very deliberate.
Any option to hide the Disqus panel? Really has next to nothing to do with what I'm using the site for and I do not care for it being there. Also bugs me that it's taking up even more real estate than the old version.
Also having this issue. Worked just fine before--unreliable now.
So basically they made the shit stink less. Shit seems like a weird thing to soapbox over.
From what I've seen, most statics don't seem to raid more than a few hours a night. Whether or not it's casual is more determined by how many nights a week they run.
BAWWWW.
Pretty tall order for Copperbell Hard.
