Only 12 hours for all 5 episodes? Im pretty sure you missed a lot.
I dont feel like playing around with my drivers.. i did that earlier and everything fucked up.
Far Cry 3 was awesome. Far Cry 4 sucked.
Whats the secret?
Theres a tiny dick under the "y u no" alyssa meme in ep 4.
When i drove to work the next day, we had a heavy rain and some lightnings in the distance. "The Sense Of Me" playing on my cars radio wasnt a coincidence. This was so fucking strange.
But why nightmare.. she loves hawt dog man!
Its not like shes getting buried next to williams grave, and that her name is on the tombstone...
LIS is winning so many prizes, its fantastic.
Nathan is the kind of character you dislike in the beginning and start to like near the end.
I agree ^
The art gallery one was nice, everyone seems to forget about it. But overall im for the rachel outfit.
Argh thats not THE kiss you filthy vortex member.
Does anyone know why the console version is slightly more expensive than the PC copy?
First, german amazon said they deliver mine on 22nd, then got delayed to 26th, now to the 2nd of february. Whyyyyy :c
I did not expect that. Hella awesome!
Definitely not overrated. LIS just kicks every games ass in storytelling, and im not fanboying right now, ive played many other games and not a single one was as good as LIS. LIS was a game i could instantly feel myself into the character(s). The only other game that allowed me to do that was Far Cry 3. Plus its the first one that actually made me cry.
Black Ops 3 in so many categories? I cant take that site serious anymore.
I hella agree with you. I got hooked immediatly when i started this game, max's situation was so similar to mine in school.
Sounds a bit similar in some parts, but its still two different songs by different people.
Yep, i love the innocence and happy theme during ep 1 and 2, before we get into the deep lands of feeladelphia.
Mine has been delayed to 2nd of february... :c
Apple problems...
Turns out the release date for germany is the 29th january now. My previous deliveries were sheduled for 22nd, then 26th and now 2nd :(
Nah, LIS takes place in 2013. We didnt even know this game would exist back then.
No, not talking about her diary. Just the actual book you find ingame, its bigger than the one we'll be getting.
http://www.davidcsimon.com/LiS/ You might find something you like there.
I'd love to play nathan, lol.
Hes an interesting character and i'd like to know more about him. Warren is just a typical school loser tbh.
How about like... posting the working link?
Definitely the first one. I didnt like the second one in the game.. :c
You cant have a free cam nor a no-clip max to get your camera where you want it to be. What does "Talk" do?
Can you actually turn off ghost again so you can freely walk around? Youre forever a ghost if you use it as a keybind.
Amazon says its the 29th for some reason.
Erscheinungsdatum: 29. Januar 2016 Zustellung: Di., 2. Febr. What is this sorcery. Amazon even mailed me that the release was delayed.
That would be sooo mean. I bet you'd even PM me some pictures just to tease me.
32 if i recall correctly.
They said that on twitter sometime ago, its an option directly in the main menu. Most likely a video.
its a regular black/blue beanie, you can buy them anywhere.
The 1-hour long dev commentary and some minor changes like a different text from frank or a new position for the eggs.
I actually rendered myself a screensaver using all menu variants. :)
[Yes, i do](http://www2.pic-upload.de/img/29513717/lisv.png) I removed the credits text, so i get a blank screen when clicking on "Credits", i then recorded it and rendered it. :P
With my super slow internet and ~2GB for each one? Sorry, no. :D
I dont think so, its all rendered ingame and all the different visuals may loop at different times.
David wasnt even there as far as i know. Especially because you can get him suspended.
I agree.
21:9 will just break all the cutscenes, because you see stuff you shouldnt see.
Yes! I'd love to see more stuff similar to "Storm", "Sail Away", "Price" or "Forever"! :D
Thats quite kooL.
Max is made out of pure wife material! :D
