Ive been reading and posting a lot over in r/sandersforpresident. Some of the antifeminist/feminism-critical stuff I say gets downvoted. Some of it gets upvoted. There are definitely people there who apparently can't fathom the idea of a progressive who's against feminism, and from the votes, I'd guess there are other people who can easily separate the two.
Testosterone increases risk tolerance. If you're inclined to be aggressive, but also inhibited by fear of consequences, testosterone may make those inhibitions affect you less, thus resulting in aggressive outward behavior - but it didn't cause the aggressive inclination to begin with.
She was against gay marriage before she was for it.
&gt; "but big government is bad." I bet he doesn't want cuts to police or defense spending, though.
&gt; Do the democratic politicians have some kind of obligation to support Clinton over Sanders or what? Nothing legal, just politics inside the party. Since Clinton is the presumptive nominee, no one wants to be the one supporting her challenger.
As I said the first time this was posted, Bernie is clearly the guy for unions. They question is, are they actually going to back him, or are they going to sit on the fence and play coy until they're stuck with Hillary, then settle for endorsing her because she's the Democrat even though she won't do much for labor? Organized labor, of all people, should NOT have to be convinced to get political in its own best interests! And if they do, something is seriously rotten in Denmark.
&gt; Liberalism, in practice, isn't that open minded. Liberalism IS open minded. The people you're talking about, though they're called "liberals", have abandoned liberalism.
They don't need to. It'll just be SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! on loop, bookended by ominous music, a scurry B/W photo of Sanders, and an endorsement for whoever, who will be smiling at babies and kitties in a cheery, colorful setting while soothing music plays.
Republicans already know they don't trust Hillary, they don't need us to tell them that. I think what they need to know about Bernie is (a) how trustworthy he is, and (b) how his policies will genuinely help working and middle class folks without killing jobs, punishing hard workers, or wasting tax dollars.
He voted yes to _debate_ it. According to a recent interview, he's going to vote no on _passing_ it.
&gt; Socialism is not wealth redistribution/social democracy - socialism is the workers owning the means to production, which is not true of any of these industries. If corporations are people, then the workers DO own the means of production. By workers, of course, I mean stockholders, executives, and the board - the people who make the decisions. ...Employees? Why, those are just equipment. Do you let the robot that spotwelds a truck frame own itself, let alone the factory?
&gt; And he could have just as easily said that gerrymandering is and unfair practice that punishes all constituants. He has criticized gerrymandering in the past. &gt; My first goal would be to repeal the citizens united bill Uhhh... there's no bill, dude. It was a Supreme Court decision. You gonna repeal the 1st Amendment? What we need is a Constitutional Amendment. I like Move to Amend's version that doesn't just limit political spending but says that corporations are not people, they're not entitled to Constitutional rights intended for natural persons, and money is not speech. &gt; As president the DoJ is as your disposal. I would turn a good portion of resources on congress and start forcing resignations on both sides of the aisle. This would be far more effective if we had proper anticorruption laws.
&gt; My gen (y) in general is the definition of 'zero fucks given'. Bernie's a good cure for being all out of fucks.
I don't know what platelets go for, but I understand (from something I heard in classes) that a unit of red cells goes for about $700-800.
He's underfunded and lacks name recognition compared to Hillary, but he also has a lot of existing grassroots supporters (which is partly why he's drawing huge crowds and getting so many volunteers and so many donations this early in his campaign) and his positions on the issues poll _very_ well. And people love his authenticity and no-bullshit, issues-focused attitude. We don't know for sure how big his shot is, but he definitely has a shot. But we're gonna need to work for it, too.
&gt; You know who else called himself a democratic socialist? Martin Luther King Jr. What you say isn't exactly wrong, but trying to compare himself to King could backfire HARD. Bernie needs to take care to be seen as furthering King's anti-poverty legacy, not appropriating it, IMO. &gt; Incorporate the explosions in Ferguson and other places as part of his narrative that American democracy/society is in deep crisis. He has done this repeatedly. I guess you want him to put Ferguson and Baltimore front and center? Do you realize that 3/4ths of Americans are white (and therefore relatively unaffected by racism), and nearly all of them don't live in Ferguson or Baltimore? I'm sure Bernie will talk more about the ties between wealth inequality and jobs and unrest in black communities, but he's been speaking to a broad audience for much of his career. &gt; Cornwell West It would be awesome if Bernie could work with or be endorsed by Cornel West. He's charismatic and smart as fuck.
&gt; How many times has Warren's public trashes of Bankers have made it to mainstream news? A shit ton. How many of Bernie's? I can hardly remember the last one. So bitch to the mainstream news. Or pay more attention. &gt; Warren became more of a household name because of her videos, Bernie was unknown until he decided to peak interest in running... I knew Bernie before I knew Warren, and I'm not the only one. Just because your special snowflake self had never heard of him doesn't mean he wasn't significant.
&gt; Instead, I think he can build grassroots movements within these groups. How likely do you think blacks are to be energized by a white man calling for grassroots organizing? It always seems to me like minority groups, blacks in particular, dismiss activism that doesn't directly speak to their racial identity.
I've been mostly unemployed for months and money's tight, but I managed to kick $10 his way today.
&gt; It raises a question for me though: do the poor identify as poor in the US? Do we have accurate perceptions of our own upward mobility (or lack thereof)? I don't know about the poor's perceptions specifically, but studies have shown that in general Americans think that wealth inequality is much less extreme than it really is.
There's a bunch of difficulty in talking about race generally, but there's also difficulty in not talking about it. Pick your poison?
You can say "sorry" all you want, but it won't make you right.
I'm a white American. How much do I owe black people? _Which_ black people? How about native Americans? Asian immigrants? Descendents of Asian immigrants? Hispanics? The Irish? Do you even know? Can you prove, using unbiased data, that I owe complete strangers a specific amount of money by virtue of how others have treated them or their ancestors? How would you calculate this? Reparations are a mind-blowingly stupid idea. If you mourn the effects of historic poverty and injustice on the modern day poor, then support a basic income. Repair _all_ the poor. Achieve the ideals of Thomases Jefferson and Paine. But this identity politics clusterfuck, no. I would drop my support for Sanders if he actually suggested this, the same way I dropped Jill Stein as soon as she said she would only nominate women to the SC.
&gt; They are our version of the Tea Party and I've had about enough of them. You, me, and a lot of other people who still remember what liberalism and the left are supposed to be. We've been carrying these faux-liberal idiots for years and it's time we finally started bucking.
&gt; You personally don't owe black people anything, the US Government does. Did the US government own slaves? I was not aware of that. &gt; I prefer more modern ideals than the ones of a so called benevolent slaveholder You should not be so quick to discount Jefferson simply because he owned slaves. He had some interesting things to say about property. Among them: &gt; Whenever there is in any country, uncultivated lands and unemployed poor, it is clear that the laws of property have been so far extended as to violate natural right. The earth is given as a common stock for man to labour and live on. If, for the encouragement of industry we allow it to be appropriated, we must take care that other employment be furnished to those excluded from the appropriation. If we do not the fundamental right to labour the earth returns to the unemployed. It is too soon yet in our country to say that every man who cannot find employment but who can find uncultivated land, shall be at liberty to cultivate it, paying a moderate rent. But it is not too soon to provide by every possible means that as few as possible shall be without a little portion of land. If we understand "land" to mean "the means to self-sufficiency", roughly "stock" or "productive capital" in the modern age, this sentiment is practically socialist. It doesn't go as far as Paine does in _Agrarian Justice_, of course, but it is a fine set of liberal ideals that hold up well today.
We can't tell who's what race on the internet because you're all just a bunch of text. We are literally "color blind". The only thing we do know is that almost everyone is white, because Reddit (and because American internet generally). What would remind us that you exist in this sub - and to what extent - is if we could see race. But if we created racial flair, I think someone would say "Nazi armband" inside five minutes.
Here's one: http://www.law.umich.edu/newsandinfo/features/Pages/starr_gender_disparities.aspx
Stop taking it? There's nothing to stop taking - Republican voters aren't getting shit. You mean that they should stop voting for Republican politicians who take that money. And if you tell them that, they'll tell you that Democrats need to stop electing Democratic politicians who take that money, and you'll both be right.
Libertarianism is its own religion. Its tenets don't hold up under scrutiny.
You know, some of the Republican voters keep electing Republicans because the best alternative we can offer them is the lying Democrat sellouts we keep voting for. Some Republican voters would actually go for Sanders over the GOP clown car.
Oh, yeah. That cartoon was one of my favorites :D
&gt; I don't think this is nearly as simple as you're making it out to be man No, it's not. But I don't have all day. &gt; I'm also definitely not looking to start up an argument here either. Yeah, I don't want a fight. I just want to be heard. This shit is perverse and it's tiring. &gt; What I am trying to say is that Black America is no more monolithic than White America is, and that the constant appeals otherwise end up trying to speak to this weird caricature of "black society". I get that. People don't want to be spokespeople for their whole race. But just because societies aren't monoliths doesn't mean they don't have differences in common, you know? The Japanese aren't a monolith, but Japan is very obviously different from America. Germans aren't a monolith, but Germany is different from America. Black people (or Asians or Hispanics or East Indians or whatever) aren't a monolith, but obviously they have their own cultural heritage. I mean, take for example the black post-WWII experience that the article (I think) mentioned. How whites had all this prosperity but blacks still faced systemic racism and poverty. That's an important difference that affected large parts of black society and I guarantee there are black people who are keenly aware of that difference and it colors (pun not intended) their view of America. &gt; He doesn't need a special "Black folks" platform so much as to make clear that these issues are all of our issues. I don't want Bernie to have a special "black folks" platform. And yet there's a black person in this thread (who also doesn't want a special "black folks" platform) affirming that black progressives will have to make the case for Bernie to black communities. Meaning that yes, there's some value in his campaign reaching out to those progressives somehow. So it's not as simple as you're making it out to be either.
&gt; the guy arguing it is very passionate about that point. I bet he is. &gt; what is the correct response? Defenestration. Presenting him with counterevidence to his claims will just make him cling more tenaciously to them and discredit you as a reliable source of information.
dark humor, that's me :)
No.
&gt; Sanders is even more so on that line, and there is a deep resistance to this idea entrenched in America. There's a deep resistance to this idea entrenched in the right wing media, which manufactures its opinions. There's a deep resistance to the idea of paying more taxes to help unemployed people because of the false perception that they're just lazy. There was a deep resistance to anything Obama did or said because they thought he was a slick hustler. But good, honest jobs building and fixing things? Better wages for working people? More payback for seniors who spent their lives working and paying into Social Security? The only thing that stands between a lot of real, actual right-wing voters and those ideas is distrust of the government. I... I need to make a new post or something. I'm seeing a lot of Republican-bashing going on in here, and it's not productive.
I share dolphins3's position. Like the DHS or not, it doesn't make sense to just pull the plug. If you want to dismantle it, then dismantle it, but until something else is in place to replace it, it serves vital functions and needs to keep running.
I've got a 2006 2.3 and I've test driven a 2015 2.0, and the 2.3 has a lot more muscle off the line. Fairly aggressive acceleration and easy to chirp the tires if I want (or if the road's wet). Now, granted the 2.3 is a manual and the 2.0 was an auto, and I'm guessing something between the auto, throttle input, and traction control keeps the 2.0 from responding as immediately as the 2.3 does. I'm not a car nerd who can dissect what causes what. But this is my experience. Now at freeway speeds, the 2.3 is a bit limited. The 2.0 accelerates better, even if you have to stomp on the pedal to do it. Guessing they changed the gearing quite a bit after 9 years.
It's a repair you can do yourself if you're comfortable rebuilding engines, otherwise no. As I understand it, it's caused by running on low oil, which keeps it from adequately lubricating the rod bearings, which leads to bearing damage. If you fix it but don't keep the oil topped up, then yes, it will happen again.
If the poor would all just run for president, they could be rich too. See? Lazy!
&gt; I'm not quite on board with public funding of elections, at least yet. I understand campaign finance reform via McCutcheon and Citizens United, but I would also want to reward politicians who can rally people for small donations. Has Bernie announced that he's supporting a public financing bill or policy that would ban all political donations? Because there's no reason you can't have the two coexist. Just get rid of Super PACs, maybe trim down the amount that individuals can donate (or don't, a few $k is hardly $$Big Money$$, although it's probably a little rich for most people), et voila. &gt; He often mentions the women paid 78 cents for every dollar men make. From what I've seen there are a large number of variables included with that such as hours worked, experience, and negotiation. And job. It's not an apples to apples comparison. If you took fifty male executives and fifty of their female secretaries and compared them, then of course you'd get a huge gap. But it's not because the secretaries suffer from sexual discrimination, it's because they have lower paying jobs. In general, women tend to pursue lower-paying jobs and careers. At the low end they'd rather be a Walmart checker than hang drywall or haul garbage. At the middle to upper end they prefer easier careers with more work/life flexibility, benefits, and creature comforts, and they're more likely to take time off to have kids (apparently birth control was NOT the great liberator, because women want to "have it all") or simply retire after a decade in the field and become housewives/soccer moms depending on a male breadwinner. That's on top of differences in education, hours worked, etc. Feminists say "but that's exactly the problem, women are taking lower-paying jobs." Well, then stop. These are women's own life choices, freely made. They are not barred from any educational pursuit or any career. The massively overhyped STEM fields that we are literally paying women to study actually prefer female candidates when hiring. There is clear and documented bias _in favor of women_ in these fields, and all the feminists can say in retort is that they're too intimidated to enter because some crazy genius who _landed a robot on a freaking comet_ once wore a tacky shirt with bikini girls on it. Eliminate the confounding variables and the gap drops to single digits. Is that tiny gap proof of actual sexism? Is it women's unwillingness to negotiate for better pay and promotions? _Nobody knows what it is._ It's certainly not clear that any legislation that merely reiterates the 40-year-old Equal Pay Act - yes, the gender wage gap was actually addressed before some of us were even born! - would change it by a single cent. And when you get away from the aggregates, you find that gaps in different careers vary. Sometimes, there is a male bias in a given career. Sometimes, there is a _female_ bias. Single women under 30 actually make something like 115% of what single men under 30 make. Why? I can only speculate, but I suspect it has to do with 60% of college students being women - a ratio that no one complains about, but which would draw howls of protest if it were reversed. &gt; With regards to decreasing military spending. I'm hardly the most gungho military person. I do want to see some smart cuts, and I know he led the effort to audit the Pentagon. However, from what I understand the US has the strongest military today because of choices made 20 or 30 years ago. Military is sort of a long range thing to plan out to maintain superior strength. Do you wish to invade and conquer other countries? If your answer is "no", then we only need a military sufficient for homeland defense and surgical operations, and we can do that at a substantial reduction in spending, even if we keep the weapons development programs. We can also extend Pax Americana through non-military means, such as multilateral diplomacy and coalitions with regional forces - which is exactly how Bernie wants to address ISIS.
I just wish it was Move to Amend's version he's backing. (As I recall, it explicitly states that corporations are not people and are not entitled to Constitutional rights intended for natural persons.)
Uh huh. I voted for Jill Stein in 2012. How did that go? Oh right: she barely got on the ballot, had almost no press at all, and scraped the bottom of the vote barrel. And that was after running a decent campaign. America is simply not ready to march bravely into third party politics. They weren't ready in 2000, they weren't ready in 2012 (even after Occupy), and they're not ready now. They won't be ready anytime in the foreseeable future. The idea that a liberal Democrat is sucking votes away from the Green Party is ridiculous because __the Green Party doesn't have any fucking votes to lose.__ They're nobody. And until we get some real change in this country that gives third parties a fair shot, they'll always be nobody. Bernie is absolutely doing the right thing by running as a Democrat. It is the pragmatic thing; it is also the necessary thing. I for one would like to stop seeing these links to extreme left/socialist armchair revolutionaries whining about Bernie being a fake or a sheepdog. The criticisms are neither valid or important, the critics are determined to stay politically irrelevant, and I see no reason at all why we should give them a platform.
&gt; If we can't accomplish the change peacefully then there would only be one other option... Even considering the realities of urban warfare, a tiny, violent insurgent force can't take down the US military (which can now legally be used as police on domestic soil... thanks, Obama!) Consider secession as a _slightly_ less hopeless paradigm: Push for local and state laws that directly conflict with or nullify harmful federal laws and executive orders (such as the TPP, if passed) and elect people who would be willing to pass them AND direct state or local police to enforce them (finding and successfully electing someone like this is by no means easy, mind you) while using lawyers to drag out the argument that takes place when the federal government tries to push back for as long as possible. The controversy this generates will generate media awareness and put pressure on Washington. At the same time, push states or localities to create institutions that replace or supplement Federal ones and could continue without federal support. At the same time, reach out to like-minded people, organizations, and elected leaders in neighboring states to form regional blocs. These blocs can coordinate planning or messaging between alternate institutions, and their federal representatives can act together in Congress to push regional agendas through or wring concessions from unallied states. It is entirely possible - and preferable, considering the power of the US military - that states will never actually need to secede; coordinated action and self-sufficency may be enough. But in the worst case, instead of a rag-tag group of civilian extremists conducting clumsy domestic terrorism in clear violation of all applicable laws, you'll have a small country, complete with a legitimate government and functional economy, ready to split off from the US with a standing force of well-supplied professional fighters who are on the side of the people.
Contacting your state legislators would certainly be a good first step. If you're supremely lucky they'll like your idea and just run with it. If not then you have to do the whole activist thing: organize around the issue, reach out to the public, get a petition going, etc. to show that there's public support.
&gt; this idea of compulsory ANYTHING in america irks me Kids hate compulsory room cleaning, but we still make them do it. If most people did their civic duty by voting, there would be no need to force them. But no, we get elections where less than half the voters show up. That's a problem. You're telling us you can't explain to your kids why they have to participate in their own democracy?
What a wonderfully paranoid worldview...
I oppose partisan censorship.
&gt; If anything Bernie is hurting the movement away form demolishing a two party system. There is no such movement. A few armchair revolutionaries and protest voters make no difference whatsoever. I voted for Jill Stein in 2012. I though she ran as good a campaign as could be expected given her limited resources, in a time when her platform should have found strong support, and not only did she not win more than a fart's worth of the popular vote, the various leftist and populist groups who should all have been pulling hard for her couldn't agree that she was the right candidate, or that entering electoral politics was even worthwhile at all. What a useless, politically irrelevant bunch of assholes. There is likewise almost no serious support or activism around changing our electoral system to make third parties viable, except through public funding - which Bernie is pushing. I think Bernie Sanders has gotten more press and popular support at this point than Jill Stein got her entire campaign, and it's not because he has good ideas or an existing support base - it's because he needed to run as a Dem to be seen as credible. &gt; The corporate elite will never allow someone who does't bend over to take office. So _prove_ it. Spread the word. Donate. Volunteer. Fight for Bernie and his political revolution. Make that revolution as big as you can. If Bernie wins, great! You were wrong, thankfully, and the country benefits. If not, make them shut him down in full view of a supportive public. Sharpen the contradictions. Prove to them that national politics is well and truly owned by the elite. Radicalize them. Then, while the iron is still (somewhat) hot, convince them to stay involved and fight at the state and local level where they can actually win. All the most exciting progressive legislation these days is happening at that level. Cities are the ones passing $15 minimum wage laws. Cities are the ones passing mandatory sick leave and part time workers' rights laws. Cities are where police reform and low-income housing projects happen. States are the ones passing national popular vote bills and they were the first to support marriage equality. Oregon has mail-in voting and automatic voter registration for anyone who gets a driver's license. Utah is housing the homeless with its Housing First program. Florida passed a strong anti-corruption bill a while back (or so I understand; I never got all the details). Show them the progress happening in the smaller governments. If we can't get someone like Bernie elected, then that shows millions of people that we MUST fight the elites from the bottom up.
Frank Luntz is a PR and messaging guy for the right. No, scratch that: he's __the__ PR and messaging guy for the right. He's spent his career finding ways to twist words and tell lies in support of the wealthy elite. When you argue with a conservative whose entire worldview is bullshit and who speaks entirely in fabricated talking points, chances are, most of them came from Frank Luntz somehow. Luntz is a soulless, evil, greedy man - no doubt. But he is the best at what he does. He is a goddamn evil genius, a master. When he talks about messaging, if you're smart, you listen. I don't remember where he said it, but he once said something like "after you have said something over and over and over and OVER again and you're at the point where you can't stand to say it any more, _people have only just begun to hear you_." Keep pushing Bernie's message. Don't assume that people know who he is or what he stands for. Don't assume that all your friends are rooting for him just because you posted something about him on Facebook. Don't look around an echo chamber like this sub and think "hey, people are talking about him, they're writing articles, everyone must know about Bernie by now." _Every single day_ from now until the very end of his campaign, assume that most Americans have never heard of him and know nothing whatsoever about his platform. People say not to "Ron Paul" Bernie - as if there was _ever_ such a thing as too much publicity. People hate ads but they still buy the products. Don't let them silence you. Don't think that just because a small group of trolls and cynics make fun of him and accuse you of circlejerking that it's time to give it a rest for a while. When Bernie's campaign gets its ground game going - man, I hope it's soon - volunteer. Go knock on doors. Go spread flyers. Take a turn on the phone bank. Meet up with other supporters in your town and plan public events, or arrange to have booths at existing public events. Understand, I am not an outgoing guy. I have a small, personal social network and I hate talking to strangers on the phone or face to face. I hate doing any kind of sales or marketing. I am a terrible candidate for this kind of work. Saying all this makes me sort of a hypocrite. But I am going to try to make a difference somehow because that's what we all need to do.
