Both kids were supposed to be entitled jackasses. You're not supposed to like them or Janice.
He's a free agent because his career is over.
If he had a challenge he could have used it for just plain safe/not safe. The "Replay Command Center" has overturned calls that were challenged for another reason. Last season, at least. I'm not sure about this one. But the first challenge Banister made was really a waste, which is a point worth making.
Hope you're feeling better.
Sorry I'm late but there are other subreddits that should probably be linked in the sidebar. /r/AskDocs for one.
If they're done well they're better than looking at the standings. The idea behind them is good; the execution rarely is.
I don't think the A's should be a seventh ranked team. But they will likely put some wins up this year. They're nowhere near as bad as their record. So I'd take the BP rankings seriously in the sense that the A's are not a team I really want to face right now. The next few nights are going to be interesting.
Nice writeup and good video, too. Seems to square with the other things I'm reading.
Not sure what it is but it reminds me of [this shit](https://www.reddit.com/r/SHHHHHEEEEEEEEIIIITT/).
He's been better. Go to /r/Colonel_Rhombus and look at the weekly reports.
That article ought to shut up Mac Engel and Galloway, but it won't.
I really don't think Jeff Russell really belongs in the Rangers HoF. He was a good closer at times, but this is setting a pretty low bar.
They'll fall back to Earth and I guess they already are, but next year it looks like they may be pretty scary.
I can't get that site to work. There's another at absurdlyobfuscated.com that I've used before but I can't get it to work, either. I don't want to use it for fatpeoplehate. I do hate that sub but I generally stay away from drama. Want to use the autotagger for non-dramatic purposes.
GunsAreCool, same story.
I'm far from fat. I hope you die in a fire.
I use a bunch of RSS feeds to keep up with the news and stuff. Reddit never has been good for that, really. Pick out a variety of news sources, stick them in a feed reader, and it will do a better job at aggregating news than reddit does. But for discussion, I don't know of anything else for general topics. Over time I have slowly confined myself to the baseball-related subreddits. They're free of this poison, thankfully. I also follow a couple of smaller technology subs. But while here I can't resist pressing "All" now and then. Curiousity, plus I know there will be one or two interesting things to read along side a bunch of stuff that doesn't interest me at all. And that's when I run into the darkness. Sadly you never have to go very far to find that. Anyway, as of right now I don't think there is an alternative. There will be someday...right now reddit is sick and it's going to die. Something will take its place and hopefully it will be better.
I don't have to try, but thank you for your kind but off-topic suggestion. I have one for you: do the world a favor and set yourself on fire.
So there's no easy way to do it from the image itself?
You are a commissioned salesperson for the Rangers, right? I think it's only fair for you to disclose that.
Yeah I generally like Banister but he needs to keep his goddamned mouth shut. These guys have a lot of pride, and baseball is really hard. Plus there was a lot of failure to go around. It's simply unfair to call out Choo. I have no idea why he would do that.
&gt; I was under the impression he has a pretty far above average arm while every other aspect of his defensive game is poor. I think that's probably an accurate assessment. Overall he grades out to below average at best, but he's had a strong arm throughout his career. That's something that usually isn't lost with age, or at least not at Choo's age. If he isn't throwing well this year it could be that he's still not 100% after last season's elbow surgery. I doubt it but it's possible.
The mods ought to filter you out for a week or so. Calling others names has never been acceptable conduct here.
Wow, I didn't know people actually read anything over here. I know what you mean about community, and while it was strange to me for the longest time, the internet has become a place to form *real* communities. And there are a lot of good ones on reddit, too. There's a lot of everything here, good and bad. As of right now there's not really an alternative to reddit. If there were I would have left maybe a year ago. But as time goes on and so little changes, I feel that any contribution I make to this site makes me complicit. So I don't want to add anything anymore. Or at least I don't want to add much while I wait for the next thing to come along. /r/TexasRangers is a good community. Occasionally it will go a little sideways with the voting, and you have these lapses where nobody posts content and things get a little dead. But the people are generally good. I saw that today was kind of a rough day for it, but it's been worse before. Believe me. Reddit as a whole was never really a healthy place, in my opinion. There has always been a dark undercurrent here. It has gotten worse, but it has always had some truly vile people. For as long as I can remember anyway. The demographic has always trended toward the young male, and let's face it, they can be angry people who are easily suckered into things. Anyway the administration has really dropped the ball the last few years as reddit has grown. It now has a userbase that equals the population of some nations...they can't allow hate groups to make a home here. It's not feasible. It's not right. As for me, I'm cutting back a bit on my time at the computer. I've got this bum leg and yet another surgery coming up. Before I go through all that shit again with the recovery and rehab, I'm trying to enjoy some other stuff. When I'm stuck in the house again I intend to create a Rangers blog. Many of my friends have dispersed, too. Some are dead. Most of my family is dead. So, yeah, I do have a need for community and I'm not sure my upcoming blog will satisfy it (especially at first). I don't know what I will do. I just know I'm fed up with this place. Thanks for reading and responding.
Well if I were still a mod here they sure as fuck wouldn't be.
created FPH ban evasion subreddit
Yeah the carpet bombing and free fire zones. Really moral.
There's a visitor's guide in the sidebar.
He hasn't been hitting home runs but he's having a good year nonetheless.
That really should have been an out. Blanks should have hit against the lefty but the Rangers got lucky.
http://www.fangraphs.com/library/misc/war/ Baseball-Reference has a similar page as well as a page that notes the differences between the different varations of war (rWAR, fWAR, WARP). If you have specific questions feel free to ask at /r/Sabermetrics.
[The Rangers rotation has indeed been very good recently.](http://www.fangraphs.com/leaders.aspx?pos=all&amp;stats=sta&amp;lg=al&amp;qual=0&amp;type=8&amp;season=2015&amp;month=2&amp;season1=2015&amp;ind=0&amp;team=0,ts&amp;rost=0&amp;age=0&amp;filter=&amp;players=0)
And you were rewarded. By Elvis, which goes to show you never really know.
Call me silly but I think Elvis will end up with a nice bounce back year once all is said and done.
Tomorrow if he has an 0-fer with an error, people will quickly forget all about tonight.
Definitely. I don't know what's going on with his defense. At his age it's not surprising to see some decline, but usually errors settle down while range decreases. If you really dig through the numbers there's some evidence that Elvis can still range, and other evidence that says he can't. My eye says he's moving better laterally than last season but he's clearly not playing a good shortstop with or without the errors. It's a little baffling but I know he has more talent than this. I'm banking on him turning it around. Elvis is maligned for 2013, but if you look more closely at that season you'll see that he was excellent in the second half. It hasn't been that long since he played at an elite level.
Fangraphs uses FIP for their pitcher WAR.
If he doesn't get a hit and makes an error people should forget that he won the game tonight? Maybe if you hate him. A logical person would criticize his game tomorrow but still remember his great game from today.
I'm not sure what the Middle East has to do with Vietnam from 50 years ago. The world has changed a lot since then. Nuclear weapons were used in World War II, we had a plan to use them in Korea, we came very close to nuclear war with Russia at the time of the Cuban Missile Crisis, and there were those who advocated using nuclear weapons in Vietnam. Nobody with half a brain would advocate anything like that today. Even if we were the sole nuclear power, nobody in any position of authority would want to use those weapons again. Some of that's due to the backlash we'd get from the rest of the world, but even in spite of guantanamo and black sites and all the rest, we are a more moral geopolitical actor than we used to be. For now, anyway.
I think so, but probably not to anywhere near their xFIP.
It is exactly what you said. I said people would forget about last night if he had a bad game today, and you responded with "As well they should." ?
Holland, Ohlendorf, and Hamilton are just injury prone. You're really going to hold their muscle strains against the trainers? Make me laugh a little more. Josh Hamilton?
Well I guess I don't give a shit if the admins were to treat clear hate groups with something less than kid gloves. Fuck them. Whether it was for two weeks, two years, or six months, it was too long for that cesspool FatPeopleHate to live.
Who is Kip? Not a moderator anymore but I'm the one you can blame for most of the rules and for setting up the automod here. So, everyone, direct your pitchforks toward me instead of the current mods. To be brutally honest, way back when this subreddit had a bad shitposting problem. Baseball news was lost to memes and people asking questions about how to go to a baseball game (is anybody that stupid?) and photos of their own baseball caps/jerseys/shersies/etc. A lot of people love that kind of shit, and a lot of people don't. The people who don't won out. But we created /r/TxRangersExperience. That went unused because people seemed to think it was a throwaway sub. It never was intended to be. It was supposed to be a place to post about the *ballpark experience*. Not a lesser place...just a different place. But frankly since people are narcissists and wanted immediate views and upvotes, the subreddit never got off the ground. If it would have, I think everyone would have been happy. It's not like we're flooded with content here, no. I don't know what's going on lately. A post about Jorge Alfaro - the Rangers 3rd best prospect - possibly missing the rest of the season never made it into the top 10 here. Lots of roster moves haven't been posted at all. Used to be, you could come here and be aware of 95% of what happened with the Rangers and the minor league affiliates. But for whatever reason now we have people wanted to bicker about the lineup order instead of wanting to know what's going on. They won't post news and they won't vote on important news. Every now and then we get a post like this and it gets a bunch of people bent out of shape. They start getting on the moderators. Others will take up for them. It will probably lead to a bunch of nonsense. All the while this format would work just fine if people posted and voted on news here, and posted the fun stuff to /r/TxRangersExperience.
The ~~Other~~ userbase wasn't segregated. The content was. At the time it was a move to try and keep everyone happy, but some people don't want to be happy and thus far it hasn't worked. The second sub was a good idea. I still believe that. Somebody wants to plan a meetup? Their posts can be stickies over there without interfering with the game threads or big news. Flair might be something for the mods to consider but how will those without a fancy enough reddit setup to even follow two subreddits take advantage of link flair? If you want the mods to flair everything, well they have jobs and school and friends and families. I was the one who had the time to do that, and I have chosen not to spend my time in that way.
The problem is people don't upvote quality. And it takes no time to click a link on the sidebar. If people want a healthy community surely they can expend that much effort.
&gt; It also leads to complaints about perceived bias when someone's post is not approved. People can get really mad, and they think you're hitler or that you just like to remove posts because INTERNET IS SERIOUS BUSINESS. But I have removed a lot of posts the last couple years and I can tell you that I never enjoyed it. Not ever. I don't think you can have a middle ground because of the type of people who are on reddit. Look at r/ALL. It's an image board. That's what will get upvoted. Baseball fans will go somewhere else. Your post was very constructive. It highlights the difficulties a moderator team has. Believe me, they don't want an unhappy community. They are doing the best they can to strike a balance. Another thing people should consider is that in this subreddit, comments are almost totally unmoderated. Unless you're spewing racist shit or attacking another user, nothing will ever get removed. Ever. So people can post their merch or their selfies in the game threads or post game threads or really in any thread.
Any mobile app that doesn't allow you to view the sidebar with one tap is trash.
Who has a super fancy reddit setup that can use a multireddit? Oh, yeah. Everyone.
I honestly use the regular browser on my mobile most of the time, but now and then I will use AlienBlue and amrc for iOS. The sidebar in many subreddits is pretty important. That's where the rules are. Often that's where news is. Here, there are handy links as well as the standings and schedule.
