Wrong on so many levels. Sure, create an economic incentive so a market is held afloat, yadda yadda... but these are coral dwelling fish. You have to actually dive to catch or snag them on a barb. That kind of activity is dangerous to the coral area, possibly as much of the lionfish is itself. It's replacing one top predator with another, because those diving spear fisherman certainly dont' stop with lion fish. Also, it's probably not going to reduce the population, once the fish has a foot hold in an area.... it's nearly impossible to remove them.
Yeah, there is always some place more expensive.
I'm sure somebody has already mentioned this, but check out the IRS tax brackets. I'm not even sure what I'm about to write is true and honest, it could be a myth for all I know. However, from my past personal experience (read uninformed assumptions) I had accepted a higher paying job at another place that was wonderful. But it seemed I was actually earning less money. I was not sure how that could be at the time. It seemed I was paying more in tax, and perhaps in my insurance program (slightly). Indeed, I had transitioned into a higher tax bracket and the amount of more money I was earning was cancelled out by the increase in tax. Again, this might be complete BS, but it's something that I remember happening at the time, but other factors like inflation and whatever also cause the cost of living to increase. So it could be I was just spending more on everyday minor things, and only noticed after changing jobs. Anyways, that is also a good point. Take into account the rate of inflation and whatever cost-of-living metrics migth be available for your area. Cost of living is variable that seems different for people in different places, so look into that. Anyway, try to findout the difference in the cost of living when you started that existing cube surfing job, and then project what you need to improve or sustain what you had when you started there. Also combine that with the federal tax bracket stuff. After that, you can factor in thing like insurance, and you can get a rough idea of what your monthly take-home would be. It's a hard problem, and frankly most people just take the leap without calculations and see how things play out afterward.
I've got ITIL foundation, and it's great! I'd say it was more a philosophical cert than anything else, and it worked for me. It changed my mind on how to do things, and formed me into a better tech worker.
I used to do that, but it doesn't work. The problem seems to be that the Synology Operating System lives on or otherwise depends on... the storage volume instead of of to the side in separate storage (E.G. nvram, emmc, etc). So anytime the OS has to log an event, such as NTP, or dynamic DNS, or whatever other conveniences... it has to spin up the storage. Hopefully future devices separate the storage from the OS completely.
I always name my bash scripts: script.bash. Always name my ksh scripts: script.ksh And if there is ever any ambiguity, I've seen people even puth shell versioning info in the file name. * script.bash4 * script.ksh93 And only the posixly compliant scripts, which is a brain damaged standard IMHO, would ever be named .sh Do you really shell script to the posix standard? IF not, stop calling your scripts .sh
That number is impressive! Good for them! Achieving such a great amount of wealth is admirable. Especially via legal ways, regardless if the legality is morally aligned with the spirit of the law, or even if the spirit of the law is deluded in this day and age of multinational corporations. Tax havens are pretty cool things, and my only wish is they were more accessible to average citizens. After all it's practically our civic duty to pay the least amount of tax legally possible in whatever locality. I don't complain about other people doing a great job on their yearly tax filing, maximizing their tax returns, just the same as I don't criticize corporations for effectively doing the same thing. There is the issues of wealth inequality, which is a worthy issue that merits discussion. However it's difficult when people polarize on the issues, because the extreme polar ends of each position is too radical, and always the rational middle ground is left empty. Presently the problem is not solvable, at least not in an acceptable way. Multinational corporations always have the threat to pull their roots and HQ elsewhere. It's a gambit that keeps the government in check, raise taxes too much and POOF they're gone, and their tax revenues go with them. Similar to large multinational banks. The banks are too big to fail, and that is sustained because if we force the banks smaller, well there is always another multinational big bank principally based in another place that does not have to reduce size, and will then dominate the market. It's all classic game theory.
Yeah, there are also lightning deals on stolen canon lens from that lens shop the other day. (joking)
yep, I could. That, or an eMMC. Which is basically the same thing as an SD card except soldered onto the pcb and slightly faster. I'm pretty sure there is some off to the side nvram for storing factory reset data. That way the system can be recovered if all the drivers are pulled and replaced, etc. But it mostly does initial setup, and lays down the OS on the storage volume.
&gt; but I keep at it because I believe I'd be alone for a long time without her and am, frankly, afraid of that. It doesn't help that she's also told me much the same.. that I would be alone without her. That raised a red flag for me. I'd let her know in no uncertain terms that she is replaceable. If she really loves you, then she would let you go peacefully. The money is not an issues in this discussion, and you should tell her to continue working and supporting herself.
great!
&gt; DHCPv6 also wasn't an afterthought for IPv6 or a hold over from IPv4. Yes it was. Don't try to re-write history to align your bias or prejudices.
&gt; The thing is a few times my mother has tried to access my bank account or make passes at me like I owe her for raising me and putting a roof over my head etc. etc. That is a huge red flag. Here is the thing, you are going down the road of being secretive, and that is not a wise move. However, if still depend on your mother and/or father for anything... shelter, food, tuition, bail money, just whatever.... then you could perhaps justify being secretive. The first thing is to get a PO box for your mail, or even a commercial main-drop (ups store, etc). Then setup new bank accounts pointing to the personal mail box. Nobody is ever going to see any paper statements, or bulk advertising, or whatever might be sent by the banks or their agents. This is the critical first step. So when you setup a bank account, get one of the online accounts, and setup paperless statements. Now that mail-drop should in theory be mostly empty, which is a good thing. Because even if somebody attempted to change your address, your statements are safe. Change all your online passwords, and do it immediately. This is a tough suggestion, but it seems you are in an environment where some of your family might have no problem using your account and passwords. Simply change them ALL, and make them all be different from one another. The best advice here is to use a password management app. They usually have strong encryption, and a master password to protect all the rest. Setup new email addresses, but keep your main email. Just setup new email address on any of the free services. Have your banks use these new emails for any online corospondance. When you check these alternate emails, be very careful not to leave any traces. Don't let your browser cache the login details. You don't want a situation where somebody snooping yoru computer might stumble upon the strange lookign login details. For that matter, dont' let anybody use yoru computer, or cell phone, EVER! Those are your personal things. But if that is an issue... then if you do all the above, your devices should look clean to anybody snooping, though that shit should be discouraged as a matter of default policy. If you ever are in a position to loan somebody a bit of money, always always assume the money is gone forever once you hand it over. So always have in your wallet just enough money that you're fine to lose. When you do give money, always make a huge deal of it, be dramatic, and persistent about pay back. Always remind the people you loan that they owe you. This feed-=back loop will reinforce your resolve to be paid back, and it discourages repeated loan requests because it's such a huge drama to deal with you. If anybody ever fails to pay back, then simply stop communicating with that person, and possibly get revenge. I would also advise you to take collateral for any loan, but remember you only ever loan small amounts... but take expensive items for collateral. Let it be known you will pawn that shit. Always get this kind of thing in writing, collateral or not.... take receipts and make petty contracts. But the best thing of all is not to loan any money, I just want to convey the wrong ways and the right ways to make personal loans. You are not made of money, and you should never flaunt your relative wealth. But the problem is you will soon be held back by these people, and you need to move on. I know some of them are family and I'm guessing some friends too. You really shouldn't have to hide anything. And you shouldn't have to feel guilty for having some small measure of success. It is what it is, and that's a fact, so it goes.
That is not even close to being all of the bars or restaurants. Looks like the first page of many
Great stuff, thanks!
unless bob1 was using screen, and root took control of that session.
My understanding is the baby males are taken away to become veal, as they add little productivity to the farm, and would suck away valuable milk while their sale is a profit. The baby females are kept on the farm to eventually become productive, so those cows with female babies are allowed to feed. So it's more of a 50/50 split.
Yeah, it's really based on acyclic graphs theory, which have very graduated set of maths describing them. Once it was boiled down to a math problem it was easy to optimize. Also to be clear, git uses hashes (non-indexed data structures), and hashes of files (checksums). The beauty of acyclic graphs is they can only go forward or back, so perfect for complex sets to rev forward or back in time.
VMware works on Fedora, but the agents might need an update for 23. I'd say go with KVM or XEN instead so you have the 100% free/open virtualization solution that is just as good (if not better). 4k is really intensive on the current generation of GPU's, so you would need at least two of whatever GPU you're into. Currently Nvidia has good proprietary and open drivers for you to choose, but I'd urge you to go with the open drivers, they work very well. Yes, of course you can do raid-1 mirroring, the setup program will guide your through the setup. Fedora is a very up-to-date distro, things happen in Fedora first, and updates are by an objective measure happening very soon after upstream release. That said, the distro is very stable because of a good set of policies for packagers.
I've heard this is material from the lens barrel coming off inside. So a defect worthy of an exchange. Any new lens should be 100% perfect.
That would be raid 15, which is silly. Raid 10 would be faster without parity bits.
A script I wrote to do exactly this, but it also permutated the MAC addr, so good luck... If the badguy is using my script the mac addr is meaningless. Better to get on the switch and trace the ports leading to dhcp server, and then find out which is the source port.
I dunno... kinda split on this issue. On the one hand it's basic human decency to provide bathroom breaks at any time during work. But.... paying for that time seems unfair to the employer.... I say that because I've had to wait to use a toilet 15 or 20 minutes as to two available in my work place were taken by two individuals who were seen leaving the toilet stall with their tablets. Basically sitting on the shitter, reading the internet, having a break. So just pointing out that this system is gamed by morally deficient people. But putting that aside, telemarketing companies operate by login/logout of the phone.... a timer in the phone is the clock-in/out mechanism. So as the employee is login, and in the ready state... they are paid. So when you step away from the desk, you sign out... So it makes perfect sense to not pay for those times away from the desk. So long as the employee can do that at any time, at will, for any reasons..... bathroom or not. That seems perfectly fair, and I personally feel the labor dept is wrong in their rules. But it's not too bad, the telemarketing industry will simply invent a new phone status of bathroom-break instead of singout.
bingo
The HP chromebook with TEgra K1 has been discontinued, so you might find it for a good price. The howto wiki I wrote to get FEdora working should work the same for that laptop, so long as the right DTB for tegra124-nyan-blaze is used.
Gnome developers work on the Fedora implementation, and apparently they like the theme we have. PErsonally, I don't dislike the default at all, and quite frankly the ability to install other themes is available for anybody who wishes something different.
No, You were correct... "Right to Work" might sound strange to folks in those states, because they are low on oppressive union. Of course you have the right to work, or not work... it's your choice, not your Union's choice.
The repo meta data is signed every time the repo is changed. EVERY TIME! To expand on thei meta data, we are talking about xml files that have the sha256sum of every package in the repo. We don't want those files to be hacked, no altering the sha256sum information to something incorrect. So it's imperative we sign the metadata! I'm not sure I understand all the other bullet points. But Regarding the last one, the mirrors. We have the master copy of the repo which is ONLY made available to the top tier or mirrors with they very fast internet connection. Fedora does make a repo available to the public, but we have an arbitrarily slow connection speed there on purpose to encourage folks to use a mirror. So then there is a 2nd tier of mirrors, they also have very fast internet connections. but they don't get the distribution early like the top tier mirrors get. When a new release happens, we let the 1st top tier mirrors get the bits ahead of schedule, we use something called bit flipping to make sure nobody gets the bits. Once the flood gates open the other mirrors down the way get their copies quickly, and then the users.
This has nothing to do with Linux.
Not within ChromeOS. Fedora runs directly on the hardware. Hi, I wrote that wiki page. Thanks.
Yeah, we have a big mass rebuild thanks to the new GCC6 being added to the distro. A mass rebuild is nice though.
yeah, I was planning to use stainless wirebrush actually. Or maybe those fancy layered padded diamond pads. for sure not a standard grinding wheel. I'm hoping to get the Lodge pan rehabilitated
use play store to install Prey. Then see if you can somehow get that to work. I'm pretty sure Prey can unlock a device remotely.
I've talked to people about it, and was told nspawn was really just a test harness for systemd testing of things, but it was useful so it stayed round. This is highly paraphrased, so grains of salt or even totally wrong.
No I don't get this. ChromeOS is software, Chromebook is hardware. Fedora certainly does not run in ChromeOS, however there is context here... because Crouton, a Ubuntu spin, does indeed run from within ChromeOS (a fulyl graphical chroot inside a chrome browser tab). So I definitely get it, but I'm not sure you're fully informed. Hopefully this helps you get the implication or entailment.
Huh?
I'm afraid your so-called point is a bit ambiguous. You certainly went off on your perceived relationship of software versus hardware naming schemes. If your point was about something else, then perhaps you should have ranted about that instead.
What does this leave in terms of legal purchase &amp; ownership? In what circumstances would a ~~gun~~ riffle be able to legally have a detachable magazine? Lever action repeaters, and/or bolt action?
From what I hear, this place promotes legal gun ownership and stuff like that... comments like that just fuel the rhetoric of those who seek to repress legal gun owners.
Actually I read a statistic that claims there are more people from California now living in Austin that Texans. I have no idea if that is true or not, but I wouldn't be surprised if it were actually true, or even slightly inacurate....
&gt; A proposed bill in New York aims to require that all smartphones sold in the state can be decrypted or unlocked by law enforcement. The bill, currently in the senate's committee stage, must pass through both New York's state senate and assembly in order to become law. The first paragraph of that website posed in OP is totally wrong! The law does not require that law enforcement be able to decrypt a smart phone. The law is all about the smartphone manufacture, or OS provider, being able to decrypt the smartphone at the precise moment of sale or lease. Also the law seems to require manufactures or OS providers to tell consumers that encrypting the smart phone is a violation of terms and conditions (this is probably unconstitutional, because it amounts to compelled speech). There is no language in the proposed law that has anything to do with law enforcement issues. The law itself is structured under the premise of consumer protection, which is strange, because ironically weakening end-to-end encryption hurts consumers. The only language in the proposed law that has any dealing with law enforcement is related to who exclusively can enforce the proposed law if it should take effect, and that is state and local prosecutors. Although the implication seems clear enough, just wanted to clear this gross miss-characterization of the proposed law.
Good on you for sharing the lead, even though you didn't take it.
So apparently open carry has always been legal, so long as justifiable... I've seen a guy walk into a bank with bags of money, openly holster his hand gun. He was not any kind of armored vehicle driver, just a cowboy type looking guy. Nobody panicked, he made his deposit of a large sum, and left. I asked my teller about that, she said it's common actually for people who carry over 10k cash, some exemption in the law.
I was coming here to say exactly this, thanks! Actually disagree with the federal laws on discrimination, because they violate one of the founding rights of America which was the freedom of association. But I get it, if we have unregulated free association, we have the kind of discrimination that we don't see today... the truly repressive kind. Oh well.
So I've installed Fedora on a Asus gaming laptop, it worked just fine. I have seen some laptops recently with inoperable touchpads, but those were fixed in a recent 4.4 kernel.
Agreed. Lets not let software snobs ruin computer research.
So the unetboot part seems legitimate, but I thought Android was a free license, meaning people are free to take and modify without posting sources? There might be an attribution clause, but not anything about sources.
The terms of the GPL2 do not mandate the sources have to accompany the binary, or that they go together in the same way. The sources for unetboot could be provided on punch cards distributed via fax machines. Yes some people have tried doing that kind of thing before, jerks. Anyhow... Android is not under the GPL, save for things like the Linux kernel.
It's available in rawhide, or you can build a mainline kernel. I'll ask around internally to see who is using that laptop. I know a few folks in the project using that one because it has a lot of memory (good for VMs). I suspect the touchpad thing might have been fixed in a recent 4.3 kernel (back ported).
Hi /u/jasonMSN Does Azure have any future plans to host Aarch64/32 guests?
