Stop overthinking and do what you feel. once you have pulled an "overnighter" (I am assuming this also means sex) then it's pretty much on. So relax, he is enjoying himself, you should be too.
"You suck dick right?"
Well, time to practice your baseball skills. Next time at bat, try to score second or third base!!! In my experience, once we are kissing and making out, the cocks become hard and if you touch him or draw attention to your hardon, it is just natural to wanna play with it. Ease him into a blowjob situation, and suck his cock. I find that sexual as hell and very intimate! It's not as big a committment as heading to the bedroom for upside down naked calisthenics, and often can be the most intimate way to provide pleasure.
Yes, it's a thing. Take note of specific instances IF there is a behavior you would like changed, be aware this isn't just about him, this is also about you. Look, I am a man's man kinda guy. I have tools, owned guns, intimidate younger straight boys, do my own brake jobs, fix plumbing and repairs around the house, remodeled the kitchen, et cet. None of that makes me feel insecure. But when my partner makes comments about my being our dogs mama to other men I would be insecure and object. Eventually I learned to deal with it and he learned to show enough respect that we reached a compromise. It just is key in realizing that just because he looks at you a certain way, that doesn't make you into that person. You can ask them to change, you can ask them what they mean, and explain how it makes you insecure. In my life he tells our 13 Lb Shih-tzus to "ask their momma for a treat" I have realized that it is endearing and affectionate and I no longer object, he does take my car to the gas station and fill it for me sometimes, and he does a lot of the laundry chores and we share the cooking. It works for me, I don't take any shit for it, when my work friends come around they get a kick because they all see me as very powerful and manly, and he allows them to see a tender side to me. EDIT: spelling, some grammar, (iPad autocorrect hell)
Hey str8 bro, no one likes being "catfished" and what they did to you was awful no matter their sexuality or gender. If you were recorded, against your will, and without your knowledge, that is not a crime. However, if you were recorded while you were being misled and they then disseminate your images to porn or other content providers, they have committed some crimes which are prosecutable and carry both civil and criminal liability (fines, restitution, jail time). If anything they may post it somewhere. If you do find it out there, seek legal help to have it removed and control it. Keep in mind that you are not a celebrity, so your pictures will not stand out unless someone knows you. Don't be too afraid, the pics will be largely unseen until you run for office...
Offer him the whole package bro. Instead of trying to be his first, try to be his all. Go and try to win out against the boyfriend, but you have to offer the same things. You don't mention that the brother is into you at all, so you must be just wishing from afar? Time to find out if you have a chance at being his boyfriend, not just some guy who wants to fuck him.
All you have to do is take it to the next level. Instead of eye contact, it has to be verbal, so be cute when you say something. Take your time wording responses and instead of short curt responses, take the time to introduce new subjects while keeping the conversation going. For instance: (Him) Sup? (You) IDK- but there are possibilities.... There is no way that won't get a response, (or blocked haha). Be suggestive, sexual, excited, and interested, but use your words.
Remember to have fun and talk about how it feels to your partner. He needs to know if you feel good and vice versa. One shower will work, just pay attention with soap and washcloth to all the ares where he might be close. Scrub your ears, your toes, your ass, taint, hole, Cock, balls, and stick a finger in and around inside your anus to make sure you are clean, if you have a foreskin, retract it and clean all inside there. Above all have fun, and don't be selfish.
&gt;He lets me be selfish and not do much and he does a lot of the work haha Well it's obvious you and he are in different places. You think you are simply fucking, and he thinks he is building a relationship. At some point you figured to stop taking advantage of him? Or did you plan on being the "selfish one" from now on? So you plan to ghost him. Wow, that's payback for his investment. Why not just level with him and explain that it is purely physical for you and obviously not for him, and it's time for you to go. God forbid you take some responsibility here. Be firm, be real, tell him that it's over and you are not seeing him any more.
Challenge yourself. Let him drive. You need practice at that. Social first or you will be easy and they won't date you, but will just use you for sex. These aren't hard and fast rules, there are always exceptions, but as a gay man, you owe it to yourself to learn how to function socially first so that you can separate the serial killers from the potential husbands.
Yes, three years ago I was heavily recruited for over a year for what turned out to be my dream job. I was in a three year old relationship that had a commitment ceremony, joint assets incl. shared home, shared vehicles, and joint checking accounts. When I tried to talk to my husband about the recruiter he laughed and told me to submit a resume because "what could it hurt?" I said that they would probably offer me a job. I did, they did, and when it came time to move I almost got divorced. We moved together, it was extremely difficult on our relationship, we suffered from the loss of his income while he was working on certifications and credentials for the new state regulations. Eventually it worked out, but I will never ever consider a move without full disclosure with joint compromise and decision making. Why has it recently changed? Is this his preference? Or is an opportunity just too good to pass up? It is one thing to be upset over not being near each other, but what happens when you guys try to solve work problems? I had to support my mate for a year and a half to get to a place where we were both working successfully. If you guys want to be together, then ask him to marry you and solve the problems together. Many schools offer degree programs online, is he able and willing to help you work you way into a more successful degree? Will you be content working and doing school part time while watching him be successful? Do you trust him to help you? TL:DR if you love him and he loves you then work on each other's careers together.
Are you fucking kidding me? I'm gay, this is /r/askgaybros, and in case no one else has the balls to tell you, you're fucking gay bro. Time to get the counselor redirected to help you accept it.
Why are you asking this question. Do you not realize you are in danger?
crying that often is a red flag. You are being manipulated, controlled and systematically abused.
You need to get out of your head and into your hands. Start painting and doing things that require concentration. It will be much healthier than letting your mind go in circles. Meditate every morning. Observe your thoughts. You will find that porn is like a drug. You have been an addict, dealing with the minds addiction to it isn't easy. Don't fuck around until you know someone. Minimum of three dates, they have to make the first move, leave your penis in your pants and concentrate on holding hands and being in the present.
You need real dates, not hookups, emotional intimacy, not sexual activity. I don't understand why people want to pretend that love and sex don't go hand in hand. You need to have the social intimacy of falling in love, date, kiss, hold hands, be real, talk about fears and share them. Then you will have enough emotional investment to control the sexual expression of that.
You have asked him to be your boyfriend? If not, then do. but you know what? Wear black, do some mourning, take care of grief like you lost a relationship because you have. It's the same process for getting over unrequited love as any breakup, feel it, self care, slowly get on with life. It isn't supposed to be easy to feel, but the question remains; now that you got hurt playing FWB, don't you think it should be a boyfriend you share sex, intimacy, and secrets with? Don't look for a hookup, don't look for a FUCKBOY. Look for a real live boyfriend...you sure wouldn't be worried right now if you had. Stop being so easy, once you show them your cock, you are all out of reasons to date and be boyfriends.
Dealbreaker. I don't mind a conservative, have your own mind, but a guy who is gay wanting to support Cruz or the other guys who want to roll back gay marriage and go to "kill the gays" rallies. Sorry bro, deal breaker.
Gotta be real with ya, it is a lot more fun when boyfriends cut your hair.
Dude, go ahead with your plan. You get a dog, he gets a cat and there you go! Raise em together and all is love. If you need some cat tolerance remember that some gay men just have to have a little pussy. Haha!
You have to level with him. A relationship won't make any sense because you don't want the same things. Explain that you don't want a relationship with anyone right now, and he will probably want to end your sexual relationship and possibly move into another roommate situation. Good luck
I like a Case. I have carried one for years.
Gay activism is not limited to bar flys and drag queens despite what the media would have you believe. It is anchored by families.
Dude, get a room. When a friend helps you because of a breakup or what ever, you don't break the rules. You don't invite people over, you don't smoke in the house, you don't treat it like you are the homeowner. You quietly get back on your feet and move on. Then you can have a stranger in the living room naked at two am.
Hi Bro, I was molested. I also know that I was gay before I was molested. I also understand the issues around pedophilia. The NAMBLA crowd he mentions has been around for years, but has always failed to gain traction in the mainstream. Why? Because sex is HARMFUL to minors, it damages their self esteem and ability to develop into confident sexually aware adults. It is generally accepted that young minors do not have comprehension of the consequences of their actions and so do not possess the ability to consent to sexual acts. They are also commonly manipulated into having sex even when they do refuse. Legality for pedophilia will never trump protection of innocent children. I am not impressed with his claims to be a counselor to gay clients, I would not want to do therapy with someone who had no empathy for my situation, and referred to my group as "them people, you people" he obviously doesn't support homosexuality, compares homosexuality to pedophilia and is repeating common political rhetoric as being a learned man or scientific researcher. Unfortunately all of what he points to is not empirical research, not objective scientific experimentation, but simply conversational opinion bolstered with facts inappropriately drawn into the conversation much like any of us might have or argue with about our political opinions. He is apparently repeating shit that he has heard.
He is absolutely full of shit. Key elements surrounding development of same sex attraction are not fully understood by science or medicine, and most research doesn't indicate that historical assumptions surrounding behavior and late childhood development of same sex attraction / homosexuality are at all true. The leading edge of the science and medical research indicates earlier and earlier childhood establishment of immutable sexual orientation. The whole "born gay" popularity is born out by research. Having said that, keep in mind that pedophilia is not related, AT ALL. It surrounds behaviors that become hidden and compulsive and obsessive and is a well understood physchiatric disorder. The therapies that exist for pedophilia are effective at limiting and exposing relapse activity, but no one can or will support the conditional support of their pedophilia at the expense of a group of minor children. Neither would anyone support a serial killer by suggesting that he go on killing. Anyone connected with the discussion that draws these type of conclusions and comparisons are homophobic and discriminating against LGBT within their discussion.
Bro, don't be silly, when you are in a relationship where a guy is just using you for money and you want to be in love or be loved back there is no peace. If you think you want to be in an open relationship that is fine but to contemplate it as an enticement is ridiculous. Put it on for a moment. If a guy asked you to be his boyfriend, and he would pay you, and let you fuck around would you take him seriously? Would you think he wanted you? Or would you just figure he just wanted " anyone" and you were the first fly caught in the web?
Not so much, I bet there are more flattering pictures of you than the one above, but that isn't the point. I have always seemed to get a lot of action when I go out because guys just fucking like me. To be "hot" isn't something that I would characterize myself as these days, but I have always had plenty of options! Even women try to pick me up on occasion. So the point, keep doing what your doing, it's awesome!
Three Way?
Truth!
Do you? If you became successful and then famous would you have obligations? Yeah, but tempered by self interest. It can end careers, it makes people very afraid. Look at Liberace, who was the most obvious gay but still kept up appearances. Elton John claimed he was bisexual when I was in high school. Ellen came out and it cost her a show. It was a long road back. Others shouldn't make those decisions for you.
You act as if he can only cheat, not be honest and learn better. It isn't a character trait, it is bad behavior and not communicating. Many young guys slut it up in their twenties and then learn how to be a good boyfriend later in life.
People grow up. You don't know the guy, the only evidence we have is an HONEST conversation. Have you ever cheated? I have, but not since I was like twenty two. Shit does happen when you are young and gay and clubbing. If you can't see that, then w/e
This is no easy question, and normally my "knee-jerk" reaction is to be out no matter the cost, but I would refrain from having the conversation. Your involvement with him is a primary relationship in your life, alienating him would result in harming your future, and damaging your education, and denying you the formative relationship you require. In this case I am going to recommend you hold your own counsel. If he asks, do not lie, but do not bring it up. Good luck.
Chill, clean up in a shower beforehand, use your fingers to swirl around inside and ensure you are clean, go hump your brains out. Contrary to popular belief, there are gay men who bottom spontaneously without using enema or douche. They just fuck when the mood hits. One of my exes told me recently that his younger boyfriend was a real drag because there was always this stop the presses and go shower and douche. He missed how I was willing to go for it at any time.
I would make a map of places you go things and things you do. That will tell you where you should be to get close to them. People usually organize home near work to minimize commute, but consider also what you spend time doing outside work, that will show you how to be close.
Unless you tell them they won't know what is on your mind.
I went to a bar for drinks and dancing. This guy was dancing in the stage and started backing up to me. I ended up bumping his ass and got all hard in my jeans, it was drinks, good music and practically fucking if no clothes. After the dance I went and sat down and he came up and sat on my lap. This was a cruise bar in the woods outside meridian MS so we went outside and he started getting into my pants. We took turns blowing each other and he came quick. Then he just stopped and was like, you're too big to blow, it hurts my mouth. TL;DR hot and sexy boy wanted me, pushed his ass onto me, sat in my lap, dove into my trousers, came and left me with blue balls.
Look man, I am a versatile top, and I grew up shoving everything that would fit into my butt while jerking furiously on my cock. They were hard wired to each other. Sticking something in my ass instantly caused an erection and precum. If your experience is different, then Why go trying to discover your ass? Do you dude, not someone else. If I had been you and he lubed me up and fingered me, we would have fucked. That you didn't really speaks to your deal. Put it this way, I have never done something to my body I didn't enjoy or desire. If you don't want cock up inside you then forget it bro, you don't need to be different, just more clear with the boys you do the flat mambo with. Right?
It's who you are. I grew up somehow knowing two immutable truths: 1) life would be better if my mouth reached my cock 2) orgasms were a LOT MORE FANTASTIC when my ass was involved
Itching and redness and swelling....ROID Attack. So here is what is needed short term- you need medicine to help heal the roids, topical creams and suppository medicine to help reduce swelling and bring things back to normal. The itching causes frequent wiping/scratching which in turn keeps the area irritated and swollen. By the way, these can bleed which exacerbates the swelling. Heal the roids, that is step one. Long term, your diet and lifestyle are causing your condition, you need to start on a fiber regimen, use what you like, but add fiber to your diet, preferably a daily additive, (think Metamucil vs just eating veggies which is fine but inconsistent). Once your stool becomes more firm, and your roids heal, you should be able to clean up from a bowel movement quickly and effortlessly without irritating your anus and also you will find less accumulation of "leaky mess" which I suspect is not fecal matter, but blood, serum and clear mucus which is the body trying to control the inflamation and swelling. Good luck, and hope all this has helped.
Bro, I am not going to troll you. i will not tell you to go fuck yourself. I think it's awful that you have been raped. By the way, rape isn't sex, it is a violation, any non consensual sexual activity is harmful and you are RIGHT to be hurt and wounded. I don't think you should ever give up, not on yourself, not on falling in love, not on being happy or feeling better. It's complicated,but the answer lies with you, your expectations and responses are way off the charts dude. You show us a picture of a stranger and explain the plastic surgeons can make you look like him so you can get a boyfriend? You don't need looks to get a boyfriend, you need to be at peace with yourself and love yourself to get a boyfriend. TRUTH you don't need plastic surgery. You have been emotionally beat up, you have not recieved the support or love you need and you don't know how to get your needs met. You need some counseling to deal with the rape issues. You need some counseling to work on your self esteem. You need some coaching on how to deal with rejection, and how to ask and receive some dating instead of constant rejection. Be willing to date a regular dude, not a hot guy. Be willing to see that all men have flaws, and work on seeing past your own self perceived flaws. There are plenty of guys who would date you as you are without plastic surgery, without all the rejection you have been experiencing. You have got to be asking the wrong guys, and asking in a bad circumstance in order to have the results you share. In addition you take it very personally that you haven't been welcomed and asked out by others. It's common to feel like a failure at dating when you are young, and to feel like every situation is black and white when they are really grey. Just chill and get some help Bro, We love ya, don't skip getting help!
A certified copy of my marriage license.
True.
Just know them before you take the plunge. It is a small boat and everybody finds stuff out, so be a little cool at first and check twice to make sure he isn't going to flake on you.
Thank you
Several things... 1) Good for you, you went on a nice first date! 2) No,you can't change gay orientation 3) your parents will be happy if you are happy 4) you need to surround yourself with true friends who accept you Ditch the friend if he won't be open minded about your life. You know you are gay, and pretending you aren't will only hurt yourself and others. Plan to be honest with your folks when the time is right. Parents want you to be happy and successful, the how and when and with whom won't be nearly as important as the happy and successful.
See you just lost your credibility. It's one thing to be arrogant and attack ideas and positions, but you just snapped on a user, not a way to win your argument.
We had met and dated, and he told me he loved me. Not long after we started talking about living together because we were thirty miles apart and we missed each other. Not long after living together I asked him. He was willing to do a Commitment Ceremony, but Marriage between Gay Couples wasn't available in our home state then. We had 180 guests, it was lovely, we have wedding pictures on the wall in our home. Years later when it became legal where we were, we went to the Courthouse, got a license and made it more official. We still celebrate the original date tho.. :)
Straighten Up. Quit Cutting Class. Meet him when you have free time. Drugs &amp; Booze &amp; Gay Sex, well hell, no wonder you like him!!!
