Sorry I'm late getting back to this, but I haven't heard of anything to indicate that Avengers is in the Buffyverse.
I saw a picture of this in the wild quite a while ago. Don't recall if it was here, or on Opposite Lock.
The Guns N' Roses Appetite For Destruction cassette tape smells glorious. It's one of the greatest smells ever, a bit musky, but not overwhelming. I have no idea if that cassette was infused with this smell, or if it was a part of the manufacturing process or what, but I kept my copy just for the smell.
You might be surprised to learn that these are reasonably common in the Midwest and other parts of the US, where these kinds of vehicles can be classified as ATVs. Farmers and ranchers love them because they've got a vehicle that they can put hay into, a newborn calf, feed etc and still drive it on local roads and highways. Laws very from state to state, so check your DMV before purchasing one for yourself.
That's a pretty ballin' bike to be commuting on. Looks like a full carbon fiber Trek Madone.
Washburn Taurus T25 has a pretty narrow neck and plays nicely too. Source: I just bought my first 5 string. I played a bunch of other 5 strings, and actually wanted a really wide neck as I have big hands, but this one just felt perfect in my hands.
Yeah it is. It's OCLV carbon frame and fork. Notice the lack of welds around the head tube, that's because these are bonded carbon fiber tubes. Source: used to work at a bike shop and I'm familiar with lots of frames and frame materials.
Found a really nice used Washburn Taurus T25 in a guitar shop in Iowa over the weekend. http://i.imgur.com/iwdOHhf.jpg It's my first neck thru bass, and it's also my first 5 string, so there's a bit of adjustment going on, but I'm really liking it. Feels like a much more expensive guitar than it is. Very pleased.
Because they're easier to drive out on farms and small places on a farm or ranch.
I usually use a gravel grinder bike, or even a city style hybrid bike, as the geometries are usually a bit slacker, which means the bike is easier to handle. Flat handlebars usually give the rider better sightlines while riding too. There's nothing wrong with using a road bike as a commuter bike, but they tend to be a bit squirrely on rough roads and are also a target for thieves. Well, all bikes are for that matter. :(
I always put my hand out the window and hold onto objects stowed on the roof, because I know it will never fall off if I'm holding onto it.
I saw one like this when I was in London last year.
Replaced the heagaskets on my 2006 Impreza 2.5i at 61k miles. :( Subaru stepped up and replaced them under warranty, even though I was about 1k miles out. :) I've also heard that the EJ headgasket issue was finally solved in 2008, but I haven't heard anything definitive on this.
I kind of like how Farscape went from being an almost predictable "monster of the week" program in the first season to what it became in the seasons following it.
Most likely the Specialized ummagumma.
I enjoyed it even more on my second viewing.
I test drove a few of the 2005+ Tacoma trucks and just didn't care for how big they were. I scored a deal on a 2004 Tacoma that was in mint condition. I'll probably be driving it forever.
What's reserved seating? I haven't been to a movie theater in about a decade, so I don't know if this is a regional thing or what.
It's the Hellmouth, so all sorts of stuff like that can happen. I don't think his intents of summoning Sweet were malicious in any way. Aside from that, it could have been anybody from the gang that summoned him, but it just happened to be Xander. The consequences (or lack of) would have probably been the same if it was Dawn, or Giles or whomever.
Or a sink?
I didn't really care much for the Potentials either, and honestly I don't think Buffy really cared for them either, but she also understood the importance of giving the powers of the Slayer to all the potentials and taking away the power from the Watchers Council. There were so many things happening in season 7 that the message kind of got diluted a bit, but I think it's a really important one that many of us often forget about. On point however... my idea for a workable spinoff would be to have Buffy as Watcher, but not in the horrible and manipulative way that the old Watchers acted. Buffy could lend a lot of experience as a Slayer to all the Slayers. I'm sure Willow and Xander could find something to do in this world as well. Buffy &amp; The Slayers?
Looks like somebody is trying to make another Speedy Cop plane. http://blog.caranddriver.com/spirit-of-lemons-how-a-1956-cessna-airplane-became-a-road-racing-lemons-car-w-build-photosvideo/
Solid opening and guitar solo for sure. The rest of the song was somewhat by the numbers, but still ranks pretty good in my book.
It's PG-13 violence, so it's sorta like pretend violence. Your daughter is just a pretend serial killer. If she does happen to kill anybody in the future, there won't be any bloodshed.
I really liked them as presenters and some of the experiments that they did, so yeah, I miss them being on the show, but I like how the show is a little less silly now and a bit more science oriented.
Saw something like this on CBS the other day, but this market on boats has been going on for about a thousand years. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/change-coming-to-vietnams-floating-market/ Warning: You will be hungry for Pho after watching this video.
The speed wobble video you posted set off a chain reaction of "related" videos that totally burned up my boring afternoon. Thank you.
The age difference thing is always going to be a part of the narrative. Even if Angel had met Buffy when she was in her 20s or 30s, there'd still be a huge age difference. Their love is forbidden on many, many levels, not only the obvious age gap, but also because she's a vampire slayer and he's a vampire, which makes their relationship all the more compelling and intriguing to the viewer.
I can never think of anything to ask! Somebody come up with something clever for me.
Nightwish Ghost Love Score with Floor Jansen on vocals. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3brcfttchzA If there's a limit of how many times you can watch a video on Youtube, I am probably pretty close to reaching it.
Is it just the exhaust pipe, or does that also include a catalytic converter? Sometimes these are also one whole piece, especially if they're connected to the exhaust manifold of the vehicle. If you live in a state where they put salt on the roads, then a rusty exhaust system can happen around the decade mark. Ask a few more questions about what is actually being replaced and if they are aftermarket parts, or original Toyota parts. That too can make a big difference.
On a lot of front wheel drive vehicles, the exhaust manifold will have a catalytic converter built right onto it, mostly due to packaging reasons, but also for emissions as the catalytic converter heats up faster when it's closer to the engine. These kinds of systems usually meet at a collector, then a single exhaust goes out to the back of the vehicle. The OP wasn't specific enough about what part of his exhaust system was bad, so it's kind of difficult to gauge if that's too expensive or not. If it's just a muffler from the collector back, that should be a few hundred bucks tops to repair or replace. Catalytic converters can be extremely expensive as they contain rare earth metals.
I'm excited when a bot responds to one of my posts.
I'd say that it's mostly a space opera, but it certainly incorporates elements of horror, adventure and fantasy.
If you are afraid of getting the wrong cartridge filter, then you should probably buy an OEM filter from your dealership and get the correct part number, then buy one online or somewhere else, since you'll know for sure what filter you need.
I just started watching it a few days ago and wasn't sure what to think at first. I did like the basic premise of the show, but it felt a bit formulaic at first, but once things started chugging along about half way through the season I totally got on board with it.
Real gangstas go to Leaders Park and go down Suicide Hill. But seriously though, Suicide hill has claimed many a knee and broken many a leg. The last time I was there a few years ago, they had it fenced off.
I don't think the sledding hill is an official hill any longer, but the park itself is nestled between Leadale Ave and I-229. There are some decent mountain bike trails, and a community garden at Leaders Park that are worth mentioning.
Those are fun. I've ridden them a few times.
This song is the pinnacle of thrash metal -- tt checks all the boxes that makes a great song with solid lyrics, fantastic guitar playing and stunning drums. It's one of my favorite songs of this genre.
In the episode Once More With Feeling where Buffy looks up at the camera and sings the words "...and you can sing along" to the audience. It was really subtle and clever, like the rest of the show always is.
Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame. First of all, it wasn't very rock &amp; rolly, it was more like a pop culture museum, which would be cool if that's what it was, but they had things like a bra that Madonna wore one time and a bunch of other frilly shit. The building was weird and seemed like it had a ton of wasted space, and they wouldn't let you take a picture of something like Eddie Van Halen's guitar, because of copyright laws, which was infuriating. The whole thing was just kinda hokey.
There are still some pretty good slot car tracks like this still around. I got a chance to spend some time on a track like this in Boston a few years ago and the cars now are staggeringly fast, your eyes can barely follow the cars around the track they're going so fast. Some of the ads for the consumer level tracks were great too. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdeDYAnMzzA
Good on your customer for having proper winter tires.
Next step: giant frozen wheel (un)balancers.
It's probably set up for TSD rally. They're usually held in rural areas, and lots of guys set up auxiliary lighting on their cars to run them. Seeing how this is in California and there's a lot of tumbleweeds and other debris on the roads in areas where these kinds of TSDs are held, then the brush guard would serve two purposes. Looks like a well made piece to me.
All the Washburn 5 string basses that I have played have really close string spacing, too close for me in fact.
There's a lot happening during the finale, actually during all of season 7. What the finale really needed was a two hour special, but apparently the network wasn't down for that, so they crammed a lot in. As for the loss of Anya, it was kind overshadowed by the loss of Spike. There wasn't anything said about Spike right away either, but I think everybody knew that not all of them would make it out alive.
Chislic. Lamb cubes cooked in olive oil. It's only known in South Dakota, but is totally delicious. I'd take them to Jono's to enjoy it.
Every time I have done this, I downtune all the strings, to take any undue stress off the neck.
