maybe its new uniform for pride. Reused again next year?
Ramona is like Jax to me. Fun person to be acquaintances with but difficult to be close with. If you get upset with what either of these people say or do to you, you cant get angry at anyone but yourself because they don't care or have shame.
You need the right combo
Don't forget [Mr.President](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/07/23/65/072365e9406d458d59988f13b04724c6.jpg)
I feel like she gets leeway because she of her prior fame.
I understand her motivations though. Like deep down your parents would know that you really had premarital sex, drank or did whatever they don't approve of. But we pretend we didn't to keep the parents happy. No point getting them upset about things they refuse to accept.
With a mum like hers I am not surprised. Hopefully its just fillers and other reversible things she can stop with no ill effects one day
Its cause they dont pay for the food.
Kandi would finish eating regardless
I am assuming it was season 3.
Outside this sub Porsha seems to be a fan favourite.
More visible than the Great Wall
Boris is definitely in all the seasons.
I hope someone uploads this episode fast.
that wwhl interview was a start.
Lmao does it mean Ken/Katie?
Yeah but no one is fighting for James to be on like they are with Kristen
True. But to them this is more like a work trip masquerading as a birthday trip. If one person can't go they lose out on camera time.
not working today :( I think they all come from the same source.
lmao possibly. Poor Lisa, having to keep cheques just for Jax
He seems out of his head in his interviews.
she should know better?
Tom 1 because he looked after James before James and Kristen hooked up
Lisa tries but does he ever listen?
I hope thats her real reason and is using Jax's place for cheap rent
Add Kim Field's kids in too.
no wonder it sounded familiar. Other reality stars have used it too. It's the new "editing" excuse.
really? I guess Faith is more age appropriate than his previous girlfriend
The movie was a quick 90mins so I decided to quickly dot down what got my attention: - Kenya's acting feels alright on its own but when she is playing off someone it seems bad - [Kenya's kissy face was bad](http://i.imgur.com/L68ePli.jpg) - The actor who plays Boris' younger self looks nothing like him and actually looks older than Boris. Boris should have just put on a wig and shaved his stubble. David Banner's younger self looked more credible. - David Banner loves drawing booty in prison(I have to say his full name for some reason) - asking someone to check their bath water to get them to leave is the weirdest thing I have ever heard - Kenya and Boris live in a very ugly and tacky house - Totally not creepy that David Banner is looking at Kenya in the bathtub - Housekeeper speaks in English and then suddenly *"Me no speak English!"* wtf - TIL going to prison turns you gay - David Banner is one nosy houseguest and really wants to mess Boris' life for payback - Omg he is a monster! Just walking through the glass door to get that bossy housekeeper! - David Banner close your door when you are entertaining strippers! - Yeah David Banner's lady friend rub it into Kenya's face that she can't have children and can't cook - Nice close up of lady friend's tramp stamp at the breakfast table - Took almost an hour before Bai Ling got on the screen! - She is not disappointing! Her crazy orange outfit to her money belt - David Banner's lady friend really loves showing off her boobs whenever Kenya's around - I can't tell who is worse actor. Kenya or David Banner - I like how they had the cards catch on fire in the middle of the table to represent Boris losing - threesome with Kenya! - did Bai Ling forget how much money he owes her? - these gangsters don't seem to understand street value - [Kenya's totally uncomfortable sex face](http://i.imgur.com/eYKP07W.jpg) - lol the way Boris yelled "DEAD" was almost Arnie like - whats with these weird special effect sequences as metaphors - bye David Banner!
lol it wasn't LVP it was Dorinda! But LVP definitely embodies that
easily if Katie doesn't wear a crop top wedding dress
I am assuming its one of the two homes she got through the divorce?
It's a 90min movie so I'd say go for it, you might notice things that I didn't in my dot points. It's not The Room but it's not boring.
Omg that really annoyed me. I hate this cultural appropriation nonsense. My family is from South-East Asia and we don't get these people telling us how sacred henna and bindis are.
Shake that!
maybe they can get into it through you!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I would do if I didn't have to carry the things myself
Yeah. I think it feels slow because we are watching it week to week instead of a binge.
No wonder David hates reality tv. He wants it but he doesn't know how to act in front of the cameras.
what kind?
lol thats the best reasoning I have ever heard. I hope they do fat transfers to your boobs.
Single white female
I'd give them the benefit of the doubt and I think production told the others they would let Lisa know and then didn't to create drama
if she new boobs in private why would put it on tv?
* It took me a while to realise Stassi was right because her instant dislike of Scheana and her attempts to ostracise her really put me off. We haven't seen anything about Scheana at that point to understand Stassi's dislike other than her history as a mistress. * I grew to like Stassi for the first 2 seasons. 3rd season she was the worst. * Wasn't Ariana's brother with the guys at the Miami trip? Why would he lie? *
With this group Vegas is a dangerzone. At this moment the worst we know they have done is get ill advised tattoos.
Gotta keep up the illusion of being broke waitress. I swear either Scheana or Ariana have said that they are lawyer rich from VPR
I guess this baby's name won't be Kash
don't forget to stop at the Polo Lounge
