"Ooh, a funnel. That'll be good for funnelling."
&gt; This is the first I've heard of a mandatory hold at altitude. No one said anything about a mandatory hold. Just that it is mandatory to *have the capability* to hold at 14k, just in case the situation calls for it. Which may or may not be the case (I don't know), but the point is that the individual in question wasn't saying a hold is mandatory at 14k--only that the capability to do so is.
&gt; That means they do care, at least just a little. No, that's not what "could care less" means. Language isn't a math problem. Idioms have meanings independent of the sum of their parts. I mean, given that they've gone to the trouble of clarifying what they mean by "educational" I think they in fact *do* care, and I have no interest in going against that. But in terms of your understanding of the meaning of the idiomatic phrase "could care less," you're wrong.
If you're using Simbrief, your only option is Navigraph.
FREENEY!
&gt; No one has played on that field in over a month. Carolina hosted the Washington Racistnames on Nov. 22.
Marquette King would like a word with you.
But how can he be bad? They made a movie about him and everything!
One person keeps his thumb on a certain part of a certain link that they select on the sidelines because it's right on one of the marked lines. They set that point on that link over the proper line, and go from there.
So he's not the linebackers coach, he's the *outer* linebackers coach. Didn't realize coaching staffs got this specialized. I'm waiting for some team to hire a blocking TE coach and a receiving TE coach.
How in the fuck is "He's pretty good but I think we're better" trash talk?
"the 5" I moved to Southern California from Indiana four years ago, and calling it "the" still jars me. But I've also unconsciously started doing it myself, at least for highways in Southern California. Anywhere else, it's still "I-" this or "US" that or "State Road" whatever.
Did you read the post?
&gt; Pats have won the majority of the time they've faced each other in the playoffs. Blatantly not true.
Except it's not.
So what you're saying is, you're not paying attention?
Yes, and?
Reality begs to differ.
How can it be a hit to the helmet if there wasn't a hit to the helmet? It was to the shoulder.
Why would it be? It was shoulder-to-shoulder.
Going out of bounds is one thing; not returning immediately is another. The latter is what got the 15-yarder.
The intent behind the rule is that the specific behavior they're trying to prevent *is* poor sportsmanship, at least in my opinion. The problem, of course, which you seem to be alluding to is that that isn't always the intent of someone who does that, and gauging that can be difficult at best.
s/quarter/possession/
But taxes are slavery!
Exactly!
&gt; The problem here is drivers being inattentive or careless. So you're saying that's responsible for literally 100% of cases of someone backing over children?
Is the MLB.TV stream shitty for anyone else this afternoon?
THE HOMER STREAK LIVES!
&gt; long Yes. &gt; well-reasoned Not really. You don't fight oppression with instruments of violence. All that does is embrace the terms of the oppressors, where they automatically have the upper hand. And violence is not "self-defense." There is no such thing as "defensive" use of a gun unless you're literally just using your bullets to knock the other guy's bullets out of the air. Anything else is just responding to assault with more assault, which only perpetuates the cycle of violence. It's morally indefensible.
For the same reason that it's a free society when you're not allowed to kidnap or assault people--because doing so is an infringement upon the liberties of others, just like gun possession is.
No, it doesn't. A same-sex couple is not in any meaningful sense free to express their affection for one another when they have to worry about whether the jackass across the street who is clearly incensed by their very existence is packing heat and inclined to use it. Whether said jackass actually has any intent is irrelevant; the couple has no way of knowing that, and that imposes a restriction on their meaningful freedom to act.
So you're not part of the reality-based community?
&gt; Who says 401 people represent a state. So you don't know how statistical sampling works? Because it works damn good.
&gt; Low income workers don't always have the liquidity to deal with emergencies. The solution to that is to respect basic human rights by making access to an equal share of social wealth an unconditional guarantee, not yet more predatory capitalism.
&gt; reasonable and rational &gt; John Kasich lol. Nothing "reasonable and rational" about union-busting and increasing the already-oppressive grip of authoritarian capitalism over our lives.
How is backing up your claim that Democrats are anti-gun irrelevant to a discussion about whether or not Democrats are anti-gun?
You're right, in principle. Hillary Clinton should be moving left; we shouldn't have to swallow our pride and vote for her if she doesn't budge an inch. But we have an opportunity to vote for her and prevent the worst from happening. So if she doesn't come around and we refuse to vote for her, and consequently Trump wins--the fact that we shouldn't have had to swallow our pride doesn't absolve us of moral responsibility for the outcome if we had the opportunity to prevent it and refused to do so. Fuck that shit. My pride is not more important than the lives of millions of people, and neither is yours.
Muhammad Ali did not kill. That alone makes him better than those who did.
Yes, and? I mean, I get wanting to change it, and I get wanting to take care of it sooner rather than later while one's still thinking about it, but why would it matter materially if it went through before the general or not? As long as it's done before the next primary, that's the important thing.
There's a Seinfeld joke to be made here...
&gt; REPORTING AP RESULTS ON MONDAY THAT SUPPOSEDLY NOBODY KNEW ABOUT. The AP count's been going on for months. It's well-known. All that wasn't known was the exact date on which the presumptive winner would be named. Notice that the image doesn't say "AP delegate count, DD/MM/YY" or anything like that. The date in the filename suggests it was created Saturday, but it could just have easily been created in February for release whenever the delegate count put Hillary Clinton in an insurmountable lead, and if that never happened then it just wouldn't be released.
Is Congress going to go apeshit over this?
&gt; irresponsible gun activity Redundant. All gun activity is irresponsible.
Christ has taught me to love him, so that he may see the error of his ways, repent, and become a force for social justice. All are redeemable, no matter what they've done. Killing is not an act of love.
Have you heard his accelerationist rhetoric? Pure privilege blindness.
That what's absolutely ludicrous about it. Anyone who would seriously consider that sort of jump is either a fucking idiot or doesn't actually care about Bernie Sanders's policy positions. I do care about Bernie Sanders's policy positions, and support them, and that's why I'm backing Hillary Clinton--because Hillary Clinton will actually be able to get some of them done. This election isn't about me and what I feel "comfortable" with. It's about the outcomes it's going to have on real, living, breathing human beings. Fuck narcissism...
You don't know what you're talking about. The term "libertarian" was coined by Joseph de Jacque explicitly to refer to anti-capitalist movements.
&gt; Bernie Sanders is talking about something bigger. He's also not going to win in November. He's not even going to be in the ballot in November. Frankly, even though I agree with him more than I do with Clinton, I don't even want him to be President anymore because over the last month and a half he has shown that he has the temperament to get precisely zero things he supports done. Clinton will at least be able to get some of the things that she and Sanders both support done, which is more than zero. That's why I voted for her Tuesday, even though I would have felt better voting for Sanders. Because my vote doesn't belong to me. It's a public trust, to be used for the good of all of us. And given that I'm fairly certain Clinton would be able to make more progress on a positive progressive agenda than Sanders would, that means it's my duty to the public to vote for her, however much I might dislike it.
Go ahead, I downvote for disagreement all the time.
&gt; lightly regulated free markets &gt; personal liberty Make up your mind--"free markets" or personal liberty? Because they're mutually-exclusive.
