Every person in that jury was a complete moron. Hell, everyone in the county.
I was shocked at the lack of basically any evidence against Brendan at all. How could one video of a confession that was so obviously coerced be taken seriously by all 12 of those jurors??
she looks like Adore in the thumbnail
she's kind of like the Posh of the group
she got those from boobsforqueens.com *wink*
Glamazon. i just love that line about working your sexy body so sexual, as if there was any other way you could work your sexy body. Adrenaline and Cover Girl are probably my next two favorites
MR. GORBACHEV! BRING BACK MY GIRLS!
*sigh* get on up...
that happened in my best friend's family, albeit it was way back in the day; her great-grandmother learned as an adult that the woman she thought was her sister was her mother...it was the 1910's so underage motherhood was like a big deal
OHH that's funny! i didn't connect the two, went *whoosh* right over my head
[it will allegedly appear on netflix this year](https://www.google.com/amp/variety.com/2016/tv/news/netflix-people-v-oj-simpson-american-crime-story-fx-deal-1201822010/amp/?client=safari)
it has the words "Hollywood," "Foreign" and "Press" in the title
i loved every episode (and i'm a big AHS fan so i can admit that each season usually gets pretty bad)
"Song of the Ancestors" is the best song from Moana and it wasn't submitted for either the Golden Globes or Oscars which was a travesty
omg that small indian boy is as precious as Dev was when he was in Slumdog Millionaire
"laugh inside amy schumer" was my first laugh of the night i think
this "missing my glasses" bit was much funnier when Tina Fey and Jon Hamm did it a few years ago
i always forget that
historically the majority of network shows aren't very good
omg Steve Carrell and Kristen Wiig are the best presenters so far
one of those men accepting the award for Zootopia (i didn't catch their names)
Dax has secretly been married to a man for 28 years
apparently she plays Wonder Woman in those recent DC films (imo it should have been Mila Kunis) edit: autocorrect changed Mila to Mika
it's like they're bragging about the film which as a midwesterner i find inappropriate
exactly! that's why i was surprised to hear him say it
need to get to them commercials
whatever it was that Viola was just talking about, i loved it
i'm living for what Meryl is saying about Hollywood
didn't he win one for Atlanta? he created the show so i think he received an award
i would vote for her
wow LA LA LAND cleaning up! good for them, i hope this means good things for the Oscars
TIL a walk to remember actress Mandy Moore choreographed La La Land edit: oops different people! it seemed plausible to me
it didn't seem outside of the realm of possibility
[congrats to La La Land for breaking the record for most Golden Globe awards won by a single film!](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/amp/news/la-la-land-breaks-golden-globe-winners-record-wins-961526?client=safari)
the "G" stands for "Grammy"
he's one of the producers
he does not have an Emmy
i was also surprised by the screenplay win. the filmmaking was what was special, not the writing.
i get their names mixed up all the time, despite knowing each one very well separately.
shit i'm american and i have no clue how big either of those states is
i was just perusing their subreddit and it really is despicable that his supporters blatantly don't mind the fact that the president of the United States mocks reporters. they're all about pointing out "yeah he mocks lots of people! but this one wasn't because the guy has a disability!" like...how fucked up do you have to be to support a political figure who mocks anyone, let alone the handicapped.
ugh his face
i always liked Van and Kirsten while i was watching CNN nightly in the weeks leading up to the election. Jack Kingston on the other hand just always has this smug smile on his face that you want to punch.
holy crap that is tiny. side note: i embarrassingly thought the state was an island until like...last year
not on him, on each other in front of him in the bed where the President and his wife slept. they probably don't need his money and would rather destabilize the United States since they've hated us since time immemorial.
yeah, some police chief or some shit... like he is qualified to verify such things
just like how straight men who have sex with women can't simultaneously be misogynists
idg how it's possible for him to be unable to have conflicts of interest while he clearly... has lots of conflicts of interest
he worked for CNN previously but wasn't on the clock working for them at the time. And Don Lemon said on air that he had worked with that guy immediately after the interview was done. seemed like a coincidence.
two different rooms next to each other both with balconies overlooking a courtyard, MD came out because he thought he was being called
