Generally not suspicious means they've got reasonable evidence that it was a suicide or there were obvious natural causes of death. That's interesting in this case (in a dark way, sorry) though because she was found in the river. Presumably there's evidence on her person or nearby that makes them confident she put herself in there.
This sub has been flooded with this sort of talk for a while now. I notice less and less people from the UK are contributing, probably because of the atmosphere built up by brexit users.
Not to worry Scottish Lib Dems, it'll probably just result in a fine that can be forwarded to the JRF to cover.
Communist? I've never seen anything remotely communist over there. Left of centre certainly but given the Labour party seems to be the favourite of /r/unitedkingdom I wouldn't expect many communists.
You're not supposed to do anything other than rent. The rental market needs to be supported don't you know? If they build houses then all of a sudden lots of Tory voters won't have that nice reliable source of income.
I think that a lot of Leave voters will seriously consider their choice of vote for the next GE after what they perceive to be an attack from their own party. Nige has played up to these people and has been trying to get their vote for a while now, he might well cause a rift big enough to achieve electoral success on the back of.
Very sad. Hopefully as they get older they can begin to understand what happened in Syria and hopefully it becomes possible for them to return if they wish. If not then Scotland can only gain from them. Their choice.
I'm a little confused about this article given the recent one in The Courier saying the Tories will split apart as a result of Johnson taking the leadership.
BUT NASHANULISM! I think it's beaten into Labour supporters in this country that believing in self governance makes you no different to UKIP because reasons. I know it annoys them that the sort of blood and soil ethnic nationalism that you find in the rest of the UK is as near as makes no difference absent in Scotland but it's no excuse for utter ignorance either.
Wait, I thought you were making some sort of clever statement based on what Yes voters did to Labour in 2015... Still, I can get behind the sentiment. I think a lot of Conservative voters will feel let down by their party if it's a remain result, I see UKIP as the obvious future choice for those people.
... How many times have you heard "Take Back Control!" I'm no fan of Ruth Davidson but she's at least making an argument.
And she should. She might be able to sort out the UK Tories somewhat.
Countries who trade goods and people as freely as we do in the EU have way less reasons to go to war with each other.
Are we? where? Real life trumpeteers? edit: ohh, I see them.
God only knows. I guess left wing ideas are a hard sell in England these days.
Well, fuck. Hopefully that's an outlier
Aye, even as a remainian I'm in agreement. I'm not sure what a journalist knows about counter terrorism though...
Can we arrange a quick cultural exchange with our friends in the North? :)
I have about 4 games, one of which I play. I think that means I'm old, I haven't played an FPS since counterstrike/q3a and the extent of my gaming these days is solely Cities: Skylines. I can spend hours on perfecting my transport infrastructure and sensibly laying out a sprawling metropolis but all this shooty bangy fast stuff doesn't appeal anymore.
Framed copies of every selfie taken with Sturgeon since 2014
That's perfect man, thanks for the laugh
Can ye fuck. Get out and vote.
Yes.
Farage speaks while the pound tumbles in value...
Very unlikely. Scottish Pound would make more sense now.
Lets ask again now that its actually happened.
Why will things stabilise? A lot of companies now have very little reason to be doing business in the UK.
No, rest assured that every newspaper in the land will be commissioning one though since everyone is asking the same question.
Ach let it go. It doesn't matter now. People are just understanding one of the central arguments of Yes, they may be late to the party but what was a shot in the dark in 2014 is now as clear as can be for many.
I'd vote to leave the UK, again.
Well unless your home is a constituent country of the United Kingdom, probably not.
They could. UN wouldn't be happy with them though, as for whether that matters or not... debatable. I think WM has enough experience in these matters to be very wary about raising tensions in such a way, they know the absolute best reaction would be support for independence spiking and they know they can't deny a referendum forever - eventually a WM government will come along who approve one.
From her statement today she has reverted to her usual self and is vowing to oppose an independence referendum for Scotland. She was elected by precisely the people who voted to Leave in Scotland last night. She won't piss them off.
English speaking EU nations will have an enormous advantage with the UK out of the EU. Scotland has the opportunity to share the benefit of this with Ireland.
Good lads. Rennie had given the impression during the May election campaign that he intended to be hard headed on any future referendum.
There will be lots of polling coming out of Scotland in the coming weeks. You can sense the anger in people I've spoken to already, I've had died in the wool Scottish Tories tell me they now support a second referendum even.
rite
No we're not. Immigration is a reserved matter, UK has a one size fits all policy.
Quelle surprise. P&amp;J is second only to The Scotsman in terms of Scottish Tory rags.
Its incredibly unlikely for that to happen though.
The Principality of London sounds pretty good doesn't it?
Tomkins knows fine well what Sturgeon also knows: WM will be required to overrule the Scottish Parliament. Those of us on the pro-indy side of the argument in Scotland know the effect this will have. I believe even ardent loyalists like Tomkins know the same.
You're a good cunt.
I think the idea of inviting /r/Iceland is an excellent one!
Dense fruitcake wrapped in pastry.
Original article in German: http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2016-06/brexit-schottland-unabhaengigkeit-referendum-reaktionen-konsequenzen
I think in the short term it is realistic to expect Scotland to be worse off. Independence would present a prime opportunity to implement some forward thinking ideas to rectify this though. As part of the union Scotland will never be able to properly tackle its individual economic issues, we will be taken out of a favourable trading bloc by the Westminster government and continue to be governed with a one size fits all policy that is contrary to our individual needs.
Eck seems to just be sitting there with a sort of "this isn't my problem..." expression on his face :)
Why the fuck not?
Yes. How do you think Ireland was allowed to descend into the chaos that resulted? This attitude runs deep in the English national psyche.
