Or if the leftist party inherits a maxed out credit card and a province teetering on bankruptcy and they control spending far better than the right wing party did they're still bad guys.
We already grind up the bones to make angel food cake and use the hair in pasta, might as well use the rest.
Calvert was a lightweight compared to the cuts Romanow had to make post Devine. Like a scalpel vs a hatchet. And then the Sask Party goes on TV and says they wouldn't cut spending as much as the NDP did, the crazy reversal of economic ideologies apparently oblivious to them and voters.
And conveniently delayed until after the election. Funny how that works.
If we don't accept the bad things and enter this treaty then other bad things will happen. You don't want bad things to happen do you? Not those bad things, the other ones. They're bad.
......then sell the lights below market value to balance the budget!
It's a really bizarre statement to say we're the evil ones and then point to China and India, countries that treat their citizens like animals, as nations we need to sacrifice our self made prosperity to.
So in order for them to compete with us, to make businesses and create opportunities, we need to lower ourselves? They are unable to advance so long as we are ahead?
I always get all of them except for white. Whatever isn't needed now may be needed down the road.
Next they'll say we should have a rainy day fund to cover drops in resource prices. Madness!
Yup. Based on our history that basically translates to: "We're way over budget and need some quick fire sales for a cash infusion so we can maintain power, regardless if in the long term we lose money."
I always feel a special, deep type of disappointment when rejection of modern knowledge leads to a tragedy like this.
Now back to fighting those Decepticons.
.....the fuck?
Nah, just don't enjoy seeing golden age hero's turned into psychopaths because Snyder hates and wants to tear down heroes.
Ahah! But! Mm hmm! We just don't understand it. \*inserts Jolly Rancher creepily\*
I guess he had a dream of a speedster coming back in time to tell him ? No, no that can't be it. That's dumb.
So what you're saying is that when it comes to speed, there's a need for it? A need for speed, if you will? Fascinating.
I most certainly did not want to join this club, but the game decided for me.
No. No, not again. Do you know how long it took Garnet's RM2 to drop!?
Rural populations moving to urban populations made sense because technology changes shifted economies to the urban areas. Urban areas are still the economic centers, moving back to those rural areas for reasonable housing is counter productive.
As someone from Saskatchewan you have no idea how good it is to see Trost in there.
I...I can see the promised land! Where everyone has a wall and mithril flows like water.
Both.
No. In one sentence he was a stooge for the family business, in the other he was incompetent at promoting any business where he couldn't get 100% approval behind him. Those options were being blocked by people Harper tried to lock out of the conversation. Obama pulled it off on his side because he didn't treat the opposition literally like they were terrorists. Keystone failed because of Harper, because he was unable to deal with anyone who wasn't a sycophant.
And it had nothing to do with him. It was all in place prior, or measures forced on him by the opposition, or caused by global forces. Just as the downturn during his last year had nothing to do with him.
As usual the issue isn't how much you have, it's how you get it. When you get rich in a communist nation rife with human rights abuse and massive amounts of corruption you don't usually get there by being nice.
It was just that bottle of ketchup he keeps on the dash. Totally fine guys.
Is it "infinitely worse" yet? But seriously this is a good move.
Acting like a dick about it tends to attract downvotes too.
What really happens is that a lot of younger people ask "what's a VHS tape?" and you feel old.
Look out everyone, Big Gov is after you! Why next they'll take away your right to stow your children on the roof rack of your vehicle for road trips. They get so much sunshine and fresh air up there!
That he still doesn't understand what he did wrong after all this indicates that in his skull there's an IOU note.
You sir win one internet point.
Good recap but I doubt it will quell the fury.
Is it in a wooded area maybe next to a lake with a great view? Because you are describing my dream.
And some people are wired to prefer being alone most of the time (alone ≠ lonely). Just don't confuse intentional and unintentional solitude. Some of you are so noisy...
We should form a club! Except none of us will ever show up, because eww people.
You are misreading their complaints. They are setting up mining in remote areas with little in the way infrastructure or people to work it, claiming they were unaware of that (seriously?). It takes years to deal with that, to build the logistics networks and scrounge up the people. Instead they want to bring over their own slave labor force and push out Canadians. That isn't overbearing regulation, that's their lack of planning and due diligence butting up against our common sense.
And in this province they'll still be praised for it, pretty much no matter what they do. Pass the law: Yay conservatives, way to control that budget! Break the law: Yay conservatives, way to not increase my taxes!
Because elections and gullible voters.
For the reasons they gave for passing the law in the first place.
And for anyone concerned about them bringing back a law that they broke themselves, all Wall has to do is go on twitter and hint it was the NDP's fault somehow. Bam, majority win. Would probably even gain seats.
They increased spending 30% in the first few years of power alone. They depleted the rainy day fund and, despite promises to do so, have failed to replenish it or create a heritage fund to replace it so we can invest and gain more from the good times. Their pledge to pay down debt is in limbo, the majority of what they did pay off in early years coming from the rainy day fund their predecessors set up. They are addicted to spending to win elections and have been covered by record resource prices until now (and the potash crash awhile back). You can still overspend in a surplus, you simply deny yourself the ability to weather fluctuations in the economy by building a buffer. They've had more revenue to play with than any govt in the history of the province, their performance should be better. I mean seriously, how do you outspend the NDP?
* 400 Daytime Min, unlimited weekends and evenings. * 1 GB Data. * Unlimited SMS/MMS. * Call display and VM. * $60/m (plus tax). * On Sasktel.
Ouch. Good point.
Good to hear. Now to await the comments about "Canadians standing in the way of business".
No probably a world along the lines of science fiction. Going into space is hugely complicated, entire orders of magnitude moreso than any activity done on earth.
Yeah, no, sorry. Waiving money out of the picture doesn't change the laws of physics, make space breathable, get rid of stellar radiation, deal with the intense amount of energy needed to launch and land, extremely long transit times, and any of the other fatal dangers involved that don't exist on earth. You haven't even said what's going to be mined yet. The moon? The asteroid belt? Mars? Even if the technology existed to make it possible, which neither you nor anyone on the planet has demonstrated, it doesn't change the fact we can get the same resources on earth with a fraction of the effort and risk.
Which technologies? Specifics.
