Or "clean that spoon and give it back, so i can throw it on the floor again!"
Hey now, I saw Naked Gun in there the other day. They're not all bad.
Are... are you my parts guy? It's like pulling freaking teeth to get little stuff like that.
The reason he doesn't like car debt is because the value is going down, while you're paying interest on tope of the depreciating value.
That's hilarious, it's almost like they're running to get back on the wheel. "wheee! that was so fun! Let's go again!"
Use your laptop to rip the cd to an .iso file, it makes a copy of the cd. Then transfer it to your pc. What version of windows? Windows 8 can natively mount that iso, so it will look like another drive, like an inserted cd perhaps. You'll probably have to reinstall fallout, but it will work magnificently. You could also look for a no cd crack on torrent sites, or just pirate it, because, really, who cares since you've actually purchased it.
Don't forget all of your friends needing head gaskets.
Pcs+ r9 290, I think the highest core temp I've seen is about 70 degrees.
Well that's more or less what the 10 he didn't drop said.
"What are you giggling about over there" "Take a guess" "...Tiny arm Ned?"
The signs in Colorado call them runaway truck ramps.
Volvo pls dont
They're in Vegas, that word means nothing to them.
Well its not supposed to happen
Hah, fucking horizontal and vertical are the opposite of what I think they're going to be!
It may be faster, but they're going to have like 5 minutes of play time. A 7200mah 3 cell (more powerful than the battery he used) in my Traxxas slash (like the rc truck he used, but 4wd) lasts about 20 minutes if I'm easy on the throttle. And it doesn't have all that weight to push around.
Finally, I *am* the 1%!
From working hard and not being a drain on society? Go to a tech school, get into a trade. It's pretty easy for a couple of slightly trained people to combine for 60-70k, roughly $15 an hour, especially after a couple of years of experience. 2 years out of tech school, I was an auto tech making $14 an hour. By the 3rd year, I was a few over that. My wife works in banking, without a degree, and makes well over that $15 threshold. Combine this with actually knowing how to handle your money, and it ain't hard. 100k in 10 years is about 850/month. Anyone with kids knows that's about the same as daycare for one child. So wait until you're 30 to have children. Wait until you're 25 to have a children, invest 850/month from 20-25, and still have over 2 million. At 600/month from 20-25 it's worth 1.6 million at 65. Only invest that 850/month from 25-30, when your careers are a little more established, and have nearly 1.5 million at 65. Invest $600/month in that time and you'll still have just over a million at 65. All of this is assuming 10%, which can never be assumed, and I didn't even include interest compounding while you're doing the saving. It also doesn't include matching 401k, it doesn't even have to add anything after the initial 5 or 10 year deposits.
Wat? Mine says 1 hour til the show starts
Is it just me, or does that look like the tiniest stage ever?
I think it was coolant for liquid cooling.
Say opportunity one more time motherfucker.
No, it will be an upgrade, but it sounds like you can do a clean install if you want.
GoW on PC? I've heard great things, so that's exciting!
hah, I'm totally gonna get that for my father in law, he can't drive a truck anymore because of health issues!
I thought it was pronounced "days" with a bit harder S, so it sounds like a buzz.
HOW DOES IT RUN VR DEMOS WITHOUT WIRES, LADY?
Throw some D's on that bitch
Sign said no parking!
Remember hl1? It had a low violence mode where there was no blood.
I bought a big ass projection tv on CL. Picked it up in 03 nissan altima. I asked him for the measurements. I went out to the car, and measured all the dimensions. It should fit perfect, with about an inch on either side! So I get there, and we carry it out. Shit, it's too tall, the top of the doorway is low. Okay, i pulled the bottom of the back seat out, and it slides right through the door. Yes! No. It's a little longer than I thought, it seems. I have to scoot the passenger seat up all the way to kinda put it at an angle. Yes! Get it all situated and go to close the doors. Shit. The top of the doors taper in and they won't close. I had to roll down the windows, and it barely fit.
I replaced the mount with a delco mount without replacing the bracket, and the old bracket is a different part number. I can only figure it's a redesign for structural integrity or something.
Oh-ah thank you mistah monkey-san
Jesus, that guy is awful at making sharp stones. I can make them in about 1 second.
Well shit, now I want to move to Germany. Are all of these laws federal, or can individual states make their own rules? Are the licenses a federal license, or issued by the state? I wish we could do that here, I'd love to get my Corolla to 90 mph!^^^justonce-driving ^^^fast ^^^uses ^^^too ^^^much ^^^gas Picture 22 could have been taken here. There's always someone in an Audi thinking he's on the autobahn riding your ass. 10 over just ain't enough when he has an Audi!
I wish, I always wanted Krang, but never got him. I do have this freakin' [creep](http://www.tmnttoys.com/90figures/series3/5107.htm).
No way, totally the coolest toys I have!
Someone posted this above: https://youtu.be/I4nmWzt5BsE There's a lot of blood, and I can't tell if it's from homie getting stabbed, or homie getting clawed. edit: I think this is a different incident, the grass is much greener in the other picture.
Well ya see, the euro trash says it's stupid to call American football football, because soccer is the real football. But they apparently forget they used to call European football soccer also. Thusly, American football is football, and euro football is soccer.
I guess our governor is fitting then, eh?
Altitudinous. I'm using that tomorrow. "Dude, you are *way* too altitudinous to be at work right now"
Vw, audi, bmw, mercedes, and ford. I think the thing all of these have in common is the need for some stupid ass special tool to do simple things. First thing that comes to mind is those stupid hub seals on 4wd super duties.
I'm curious what identafix says for a 2007. I've never used identafix.. I looked up an 03, and it's 2.8 on a 2003, 7.8 on a 2007, which is the same vehicle, lol. alldata still says 7.8 on a 2003, but prodemand is 2.8 Just more evidence the people making these things have no idea what they're talking about sometimes!
Whoa, spoiler alert!
OP! That is inappropriate! Next time say "rectum"
All the new ford's are like this. And that stupid chime, boo-duh-doong, boo-duh-doong
Some cars apply the fucking parking brake when you open the door in gear! I want to say Audi q7 does it? I don't remember.
Zombie post, but the highway he was on (I-35) has a concrete barrier in the middle, it's a turnpike that goes from KC, to Topeka, to Wichita, then south toward OKC.
Or a tech pulling the vehicle into a bay to work on it!
What in the sam hill is going on in that sub.
