Maybe they'd be up for *Propeller*. Or, more likely, I'm going to put together a proposal for *Separation Sunday*.
Lightspeed is open! Also, I find it interesting that even though the Saturday Evening Post's contest is for Great American Fiction that evokes America, there's no explicit rule that I can see that it has to be written by an American. Heh. Heh heh. I have some work to do.
Wasn't big on the new Hot Chip but besides that this list looks pretty familiar.
That's tomorrow, yeah?
Ok, so you have an idea. Have you finished a written draft - ideally four or five - of this idea?
Same here. I tried scheduling them last time and that was a big cock up so I'm just going to tweet from my phone directly every half hour.
Pretend it's YA, because going by this PitMad thing it's the only stuff agents are snapping up.
Right? I mean, we're not talking about high art here, no matter how much Reddit tries to pretend Nolan is Scorsese. They're superhero movies - most of us could probably have written the basis of them, complete with dialogue, when we were twelve.
I've known this particular user for a while, they're a theatre writer - a playwright. Generally speaking, anyone with that kind of experience could conceivably knock out a screenplay over the weekend - it would be a first draft and would likely require some work, but it could be done. We're talking 120 pages max, nowhere near as full as a 120 page novel, and let's say half dialogue if we're doing an action-oriented piece (more for the artsier stuff). Plus, it's a 120 or so pages of superhero stuff - let's be serious here, we're not talking about stuff that you have to think really hard about. Guardians of the Galaxy was fun and all, but it isn't burdened by an overly intricate plot or weighty dialogue.
Hey hey hey woah woah woah There are some decent writers on Reddit. Hell there are some decent writers on /r/writing.
Yeah, we'll have to agree to disagree I guess.
You're right, that's not what I said. I said nothing about anything being "finished". In fact, if you'd care to read what I said, it was: &gt;- it would be a first draft and would likely require some work, but it could be done So you're arguing something completely different than what I'd originally laid out. FYI there are people who knock out the first draft of a 50,000+ word novel in 72 hours. They do it every Labour Day weekend. As I said above, they're first drafts and require work to bring them around to something salable, but people do it all the same. The first draft of a 120 page screenplay over the course of a weekend is entirely within the realm of possibility.
Isn't that the same newscaster that used to tell me about the miracle cure of acai berries?
Sorry, I guess I need to sharpen my hair-splitting knife.
Actually, I believe the technical term is "Proto-CBGB Richard Hell? Never Heard Of Him Punk".
She drove it like she stole it She stole it fast and with a multitude of casualties
/r/synthwave - for that early 80s coke-numbed nihilist feeling!
Yes, absolutely. *Darkness On The Edge Of Town* is the moment where Springsteen stopped believing in the power of redemption for his characters. His losers stayed losers, and they struggled to hang on to what they had rather than reach for more. Also, the title track is hands down the best song he ever wrote.
Hard to say. Either *Let Love In* or *Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!*. *Murder Ballads* is too obvious, *Tender Prey* comes close but doesn't quite make the cut, *Your Funeral My Trial* is brilliant but messy. *And No More Shall We Part* would normally be my answer but I'm in the mood for loud, not reflective, which cuts out *Push The Sky Away* as well, even though the title track there is easily one of the ten best songs he ever did.
Hmm. I have to go with *October Rust* because the first girl I ever loved and I used to fuck to it all the time. I feel deep down that *Bloody Kisses* is a better album, but my dick says something different, so...
This is the absolute truth. The clueless teenagers of 1996 didn't get it, but it's really a leap forward for the band.
Insomniac
*Funeral* is the safe answer, *Reflektor* is the real answer.
God, yes, he's amazing on that album.
Oh, I was joking. The only album worse than St Anger is the Black Album.
&gt;75% filler Lol WTF? *Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness* is all killer.
If I happen to be drunk in the afternoon - like I was today - I'll put on *Separation Sunday* by the Hold Steady - which I did today. She said always remember never to trust me She said that the first night that she met me She said there's gonna come a time When I'm gonna have to go With whoever's gonna get me the highest
As together as you can ever play a single player game. That is to say, we took turns.
I don't recall my PS2 version having split screen. Outside of those weird little multiplayer sequences you could stumble upon.
Collateral damage was allowed and inevitable, but only Elvis kills got points.
I have also achieved that...so far. The week is young and I'm already on the brink.
I feel like they're really overdone. They're familiar stories so people think they can avoid doing a chunk of work by going that route. It's like Van Halen's manager said upon the release of *Diver Down* - "When you remake a hit song you're already halfway there."
You know when you try to submit something and it takes you to another screen where it shows you that someone has already submitted the link? Pay attention to when it was submitted.
I spend a lot of time there. A lot of the time it's the usual 4chinz trollery but once in a while something sublime comes out of it.
Welcome! We're glad to see you here!
Good question, but you should post it in the AMA thread instead of making it a separate post.
Oh I've read it. Interesting juxtaposition of one writer that a huge amount of people love and feel is a real salt-of-the-earth type and another that is less widely well-regarded and is often called "pretentious" when his name comes up. *Roadwork* - all of the Bachman novels, but *Roadwork* in particular - had a huge influence on me growing up. When I sat down to write my first novel I'd originally planned it out as a sort of a Bachman novel - short, brutal, violently written, and obsessed with death and the struggle against it.
It's the /r/writing version of the duck-sized horse question.
Television - *Marquee Moon*
Whereas I was seeing FPH multiple times any time I logged in and browsed r/all
Medium rare? Motherfucker why are you cooking your steak? Fucking barbarians.
"Cut Off One Sub, Two More Appear" I suppose, until the admins get tired of the shenanigans and just start handing out IP bans.
/r/iamverysmart and /r/lewronggeneration aren't likely to start doxxing and harassing the Imgur staff. This wasn't about people finding FPH distasteful. This was about the FPH mods being fucking stupid and thinking they were above everything.
Yeah, I'm going to browse by my front page for the next few days until the edgelords get bored and move on to voat or 8chan or whatever scumhole they'll scuttle on to.
She hasn't put out anything as pop-oriented as Kala you mean. Maya was dope af it's noisy and fucked up and slams your head into the wall repeatedly. A lot of people slept on it but it's one of my favourite albums.
&gt; doxxing and harassing the Imgur staff.
#EAT AT JOES
It's about as obvious as the nose on your face. FPH was coasting along hating fat people in a really obnoxious and public way for quite a long time. Then they get into it with Imgur after Imgur decides they don't want anything to do with FPH images anymore. The Imgur staff picture is posted on the sidebar and they start getting called out specifically in FPH posts. Suddenly the subreddit is banned. Wow, really fucking weird. Must be SJWs though.
Let's put a pin in that "less moderated Reddit" idea and go with the live kitten webcam idea. I think that's the real clear winning idea here.
No great loss
