Its crazy how we Americans saved Futbol! from the evils of Blatter and co! America Fuck Yea!!!! also on side note Team USA undefeated in u20 World cup so far a plus for us!!!
what season was this? man how i forgot about this beauty!
A day of threes!
you know i was thinking about getting that one hows the flavor and clouds?
The Mexican staring frog of Sri Lanka episode....
I wonder if next season is gonna be tied up with this!
ney is done two yellows and a red basically we going to see the Brazil from last years semi final play with no neymar
Thanks def deliver please! I want to go see the movie but I just need a good review from the general public like YOU please deliver OP
Thanks now I'm gonna go watch it!
fallout 4?
I wish the best for this little shibe if my akita inu survived her nose infection which I thought the vet was gonna put her to sleep! This shibe can survive!!!! +/u/dogetipbot all doge verify
Hahahah!!!! The suffering and torture I endured on the snes!
Damn your genius! Up vote for you!
I hope so!!!
Good guy Gremlin juice....discontinues juice flavor reveals formula!!! Ya vendors out their better learn!!!
mr /u/ZUKERglass i finally cracked open my freebie ü vape that ü hooked me up and others for the holiday, that früt lüp is on point man! loving it! will buy more asap!
yea i think this is credible source RIP!
Hannover vs wehen friendly 30 mins before kick off i'm thinking Hannover +0 AH @ -154 Over 3 @ -114 Early morning pick for me betting light!
I need to taste this beer!!! ASAP
Man i miss the bears!!! I might have to get an order of it soon!
I see ney and el haddadi as the big players today with masche iniesta and pique as good support! I would love to see MaTs get a clean sheet for the club today! Visca barca!
Hahahaha called it el haddid!!!$
Neyyyy fucking mar!!!!!!! Boooom! Lets gooo this getting heaten up!!!!
Are all withdrawls 50 bucks after you use your freebie? Is neteller feasable and safe for a us customer?
Ahhh i wish we had 5 inches we getting 2' ft plus my back is gonna be bad!
GOAL OF THE FUCKING YEAR!!!! GO SPURZZZZZ!
dont even tell me
gonna be an intense 2h ughh 3 goals for the spread its not looking good
Hopefully fucking juves attacking no goals too
that sucked!
Hopefully broncos in the next 8 mins win the 2h ill catch my loss! it really sucked man! any ways gambling is gambling!
Ughh dont even make me remember that shit!
God 1070 or 480 the 480 or 1070 damn now i have to wait for benchmarks.........gonna delay my pc build to July!
Haven't gamed on pc/console in a loooong time since maybe 2009. I think i came in the right time to build me a nice gaming machine!!! im super hyped now...if the numbers are good for the 480 with the money I will save on not buying the 1070 I'm upgrading my Cpu from the i5 6500 to the I5 6600k for the OC option
yep gotta compensate for the extra juice!
Missing the denim skirt hun!
What a schedule Christmas eve....Its gonna make me or break me my holiday i hope sure we win would be a nice Christmas present!
Thank you for leaving my candy flavored ejuices alive!
If you have melonlyptus vape it its fucking great man its like vaping Antarctica with a splash of watermelon. Cools me down on a hot summer day!
It will numb your throat and open up your sinuses
Si...
/r/gamersbeingjerks
Nitrogensports.com
I am the big Cheese am i right?
Messi&gt;Bravo sorry!
Canon EOS rebel t6i
The Chile effect!
no they dont throw tp down the drain.
Thank you sir!!!
I applied to the Metro north division...but i think its all together with LIRR if im not mistaking. App said i would working at grand central so... thanks for the insight
