Ugh they are just the worst..
Yeah dude I did III about six months ago. Did tomahawk ribeye and the Mac. Hella.
I thought El Tiempo was moving locations soon?
You have failed us, pleb.
Triggered.
Fuck Houstin festivals in the SUMMER WTF. Why the hell don't we have a Winterfest?! I'd love to goto a fest in a hoodie. People are going to die his weekend.
Just saw this on FB too. The wife was looking over my shoulder and was like "if I hit Like in JJ Watts photos, will it always pop up in my newsfeed?" I was like "yeah but he doesn't spam and it doesn't pop up all of the time or anything", and she goes "no I WANT it to" JJ the home wrecker
o7
/r/RedditFoxtrotBBofc and get with/u/Mrha about the GroupMe
Yeah boi
Or Houston..
Gas stations usually have microwaves.
I'm jelly
Spread em out more dude
On one hand, great! I think Meyers stumbled in the beginning of the year with all of the changes, but he caught on quick and became solid again. I want him back, but on the other hand it makes me concerned that Filo and Jones haven't been able to play up to par so far. Which is a depth issue now. Meyers isn't a spring chicken and Center is a key position.
Bortles: 9-7 Mett: 8-8 Luck: 16-0 Before anyone balks at the first two, we went 9-7 using four different QBs. I'm being conservative.
Me too but he's right.
Yeah yeah you guys are good.
Be awesome.
As a salesguy that drives all over town daily, it's a great game. However, it sure does slow me down. If anyone was tracking my car they'd think I was having constant seizures zig zagging all over town.
It's a good speed.
Jesus Christ man
Fuck tubular
It fucking tastes good.
Yes, but it was a rowdy kids function. Not a rowdy black kids function.
I know a thing or two about karma, and this man is correct.
Is
Yayo
Rollin hard af
Where
Yeah I am straight up baffled here. Foster is probably top 3 RB in the league, and definitely top 5. He puts the fucking team on his back and has been killing it for years. Did I mention he throws touchdowns now? And we're debating him vs Forsett, who wasn't even next to Foster on our depth chart a few years ago. He was behind Tate! I could understand Foster vs Charles, Lynch, Bell, AD, but Forsett? Wtf?
Probably a flair switch will be in order.
Hold onto your butts. We got a good preview on Memorial Day. Assume it'll be that +20% for a safety factor.
I need some good news. HBO really put me in a shitty mood last night with Game of Thrones and Silicon Valley finales.
It was funny most of the time, but I hate that it's always 1 step forward 2 steps backwards for them. I just want a win at the end of an episode/series for once HBO. Y u do dis
My thoughts exactly. It's becoming an unbelievable formula.
I'll fight you
Bonus "making of" shot: http://imgur.com/LsB6eRV
I believe that the Houston apocalypse had been rescheduled? Oh well free day to "work" from home. I don't think 3:30 is too early to start drinking?
Don't listen to this person. Doors and windows are by code supposed to have thicker overhead beams, even in non-seismic areas. It's not a bomb shelter, but atleast categorically more stable than this guys iron table.
Name it
You are way harder than me. One pizza. Be cool.
remindMe! Whogivesafuck
Roasted garlic is great in the cheese mix.
We call them grasshoppers in Houston.
So about 53 on 53
Not complaining homie, just making a commentary at how trumped up it was.
If you meet the requirements, request with the password, then yes
Summer sucks.
Store bought
