Sounds good. Had any good free food recently?
&gt; evil, that they're all millionaires, or racist How is being a millionaire lumped in with being evil or a racist? I don't get the anti-wealth sentiment at all.
The 'herbal' is superfluous: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=jazz+cigarette
It's not bad, but Orange Juice and Lemonade is an awesome mix.
Spot on I think. I am by no means wealthy myself, but I view those who are as successful / talented. Sure some people get their wealth passed on to them, but if I was successful, I'd want my earnings to go to my kids so they could also have the best start in life.
Ouch; poor you. The games industry is thankless world.
I think the notion that you should aim to not drink for 2 days a week is a good one, it's very easily to follow and probably does you a lot of good, if you do drink every day. That said, the idea on a number of units a day, and especially lowering that limit for men, is not so smart. Many people I know, including myself, don't drink frequently but tend to drink a lot when we do. For better or worse, getting pissed is a national pass time. What ever guidance is given out should somehow incorporate how frequently getting pissed is safe to do. Simply labelling anything over 3 pints as binge drinking is a sure fire way to get the guide ignored.
He was more or less right too: http://i47.tinypic.com/2qvcw79.jpg
Speaking personally, after an substantial acid trip the last thing I want to do is trip again; to be honest to go 'back in' within 24 hours is like not even getting head straight in the interim.
No, I don't know if I'd feel comfortable with that. Usually by the end of the peak I am right about ready to return to normality. Especially if I've had any 'passage of time' perception alterations -- which I always do. I could see myself doing it with shrooms, I don't feel half as depleted afterwards as I do on acid and the shorter trip time would allow some recuperation between trips.
I've been to Nashville (6), and I can tell you that this list is a load of shit.
Nah, you just put your towel over theres. Claim you never saw theirs (Varpiss dich!) and then when they've gone you've bagged yourself a free towel.
Except labels have per 100g and per serving values.
Sugar is getting scape-goated for our shittylife styles so hard.
&gt; every single one of us acted more responsibly How can you except a collective (the populous) to act with more responsibility, when we've made it abundantly clear that 'the state' will mop up the mess and foot the bill.
That we should have an actual free market? I don't think that's the vibe I got from the top level comment.
Yeah, I agree 'serving size' is utterly arbitrary and almost always too small. Coca-cola (for example) know full well you're not going to split that 500ml bottle with anyone, why is a serving size for 250ml.
Yep, this is what I thought, this is also why I look suspiciously at the 'NHS is the most efficient system in the world' type arguments. You don't have to look far to see obvious ways in which it could (should!) be improved.
Why would you blame privatisation when it's the private sections of the NHS who are doing it best? IE it seems to be privately managed GP surgeries who are actually installing the notification infrastructure. That makes utterly no sense to me.
Not following, sorry. Sounds like a load of lowest common denominator BS to me. &gt; Only profitable surgeries will do stuff like this. Or surgeries who can see that they'd probably be profitable if less appointments were missed?
Don't eat off the track, problem solved.
I do it the other way round. 105 groupset, Ultegra and DA consumables. For some reason I find that the chain and cassette seems to make the biggest impact to shift quality.
The operating companies are running monopolies on the lines. What makes you think the government would be any more or less efficient?
&gt; but at least use accurate and fair comparisons. Is that with any sort of rail card or advance booking? I think my comparison is fair: Manchester to York is 90mins, an off peak single is £27.50. That's a single train to go 70 odd miles. What's worse is that in the evenings and weekends the Transpennine trains are utterly rammed, you're lucky to be able to sit on the floor, more frequently your are stood packed like sardines.
The Armenian Taverna and El Rincon come to mind.
You mean Martin Shkreli, who was recently arrest for fraud? Yeah, he too found it out it's not that easy.
No I saw that. To address: &gt; I find that over here in Sweden, there is a huge markup on Swedish meat just like it was in the UK directly. I don't find that to be the case, the British beef sold in the Aldi near me is almost suspiciously cheap!
&gt; "the stupid get what they deserve." That's not really the way I view it. I consider myself to be a libertarian, why should I (or by extension the state) control the actions of others which only effect themselves? To be honest I think the alternative is more offensive, to think that people with bad habits, like eating shit and smoking, are 'too stupid' to know what they're doing to themselves and therefore must be protected by big brother. &gt; Hoping the death rate from obesity saves the country money looks like wonky economics. I didn't say I hope they die, I merely pointed out that might be the case. And with that, I have already conceded that the NHS point, but to be honest that just makes me think that the NHS should change -- I personally don't like the idea that personal responsibility is undermined by it.
Yes you're right, that will be my in, I'll try those next.
&gt; I think most smokers admit its stupid. But then again cigarettes are actual drugs. Intelligent people can do stupid things, they make the decision, they weight up the risks. It's their choice. &gt; Under libertarianism can I sue drug dealers for the problems caused in society by addiction? No under libertarian society drugs would be legal, taxed and regulated. And no, you couldn't sue for your addiction, that's like people suing McDonalds for making them fat. &gt; I don't have an easy answer. There is no easy answer *if* you choose *act*. We just get a load of half arsed measures like taxes with loopholes (see 'Pringles are not crisps') or having alter the quality of the product. &gt; Maybe stricter regulation to put less sugar in drinks. But then it wouldn't taste as good. Or the sugar taken out would be substituted with artificial sweeteners that come with their own issues. &gt; It's not a simple equation of one is freedom and the other is authoritarian. Why isn't it, either we let people do as they wish and let them pay the consequences bad decisions or we have to tell people what to do or manipulate them into doing by other methods. &gt; Their freedom to profit from drinks costs me money. Yeah I simply don't see it that way, I see it as people not being able to control what they eat and drink is costing you money. Do you see that Vineyards of France costing you money because middle alcoholism is rampant? What about cheese producers?
&gt; we have decided to let things carry on as they were. You know that? http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-20811289
How. Someone assembling something doesn't need a degree in EE, now will they necessarily do a better job; they'll just cost a lot more.
No they're echo chambers because they are. Comments about communism and other far left opinions get upvoted and repeated. Yet these are clearly out of line with the opinions of the general population. Furthermore, it's not my opinion that the Conservatives won the General election (my second example). Yet if you were here when the election was going on all pro-conservative posts were slated and anything pro labour was heralded.
In the past I have put my best recorded power for a range of times realistic times I anticipate getting in a TT or Hill climb. IE if I anticipate a TT taking between 18-22mins depending on weather than I'll stick the best power I have got for that duration, and what speed would achieve that time over a distance. The benefit of this is that it allows you to really ride on your limit, you don't have to worry about blowing up because a head wind has added 2 mins to your time or because you haven't ridden the course before and took the range of times from strava! This only works in maximum single effort events though becuase you're working off your best ever powers, in a road race you've got to factor in fatigue.
Could have just left it at 'Audi'.
What do you mean by flexing, stretching? I don't think there is any harm in that, I find get restless legs. 60km a day is quite a lot; are you riding at the weekend as well? You should be scheduling in some rest days and/or recovery rides. And yes, taking detours is an extremely effective way of packing training in to a busy work life. For example, I do a 40 mile ride from work to home. I this extension takes me up to long hills. I take it easy on the flat and then really push it on the hills -- this to some degree ensures some quality in the training, rather than just riding at a constant pace all the time.
I am on the fence. The 'issue' is that you know when there is helicopter about. It's not 'all the time'. With technology you could effectively have an eye in the sky at all times. Everything you do in your own back garden, (or hell, with thermal imaging, in your own home) is basically reviewable at any time. Not sure I am comfortable with where it could go.
Indeed, actually I find them a real pain, they seem to fly over predominantly poor areas, which is somewhat understandable as they tend to be high crime areas and also low rent, so suitable for a grow. But they do their helicopter runs at like 2 or 3 in the morning. There's no way on earth they'd get a way with that in more affluent areas, it just seems like it shits on the people who are already the most disillusioned with the police service.
Just increases the cost every crash :/
Yeah you probably have a fantastic V02max then. You'd probably get your best bang for your buck training with intervals in the 2 to 5 min range, slap in some longer rides to get you used to the distances and build up your endurance. Good luck
I disagree, he was playing the role of an investigative journalist. It's on him to do some basic research about dose for fucks sake. And it's just basic reasoning to realise that of course you can over do it, what would be he like if he didn't 1/4 of that much. I mean if you watch the video he's fully caning those bags down.
Lemmy was a scientist. I don't know anyone else who has personally researched the same quantity of compounds in their life time.
Wait the intern description mandates a gender? That's fucked up.
I meant it tongue in cheek -- if I remember when I was studying CS (not so long ago) it was hard to tell whether CS or GP had a more disportioncate gender balance because when you are comparing numbers less than 10% in a cohort of less than 200 people well it only takes a couple of people to sway the statistic. But either way we're comparing the colour of the pot to the kettle.
But it's only banned 'in competition'. Unless you're referring to the law which is bound to change (generally speaking 'in the west') over the next 15 years or so.
Hmm maybe it's different in the sort of 'middle level' programming. I've always worked places where performance is important, so we generally do things in low level languages (C, C++, Fortran, asm) and then have high level stuff like python do the top level stuff. I think it's nearly impossible for a QA to jump into the lower level stuff; unless they were really selling themselves short whilst QAing.
The problem is there really isn't such thing as 'unhealthy food'. It's all to do with moderation and quantity. A block of beef-dripping or a bag of sugar is terrible for you if you just ate that .. but both are ingredients in otherwise healthy dishes. Further more even the likes of chocolate fit around a balanced diet is not unhealthy in the slightest.
&gt; If competing in a sanctioned event, the ethical action is to not consume banned substances. What, ever? A year before, A month before, a week before, a day before, the morning before? What?
We should ban escalators, and changing building regs so all ceilings must be double height. :P
Are you joking?
