Twist and Shout - Beatles
Sushi. I don't see the point in it.
"Who was your favorite teacher?"
There is no being named Satan. Satanists are pure atheists. There are no supreme beings. Nature is indifferent to us. The closest thing to a god in our universe is ourselves. You are at the center of your own universe, and you have the power to change it.
I had exactly that happen. I won a $500 gift card in a golf tournament. It was to a very high end men's clothing store. Forget it. The suits started in the thousands. I managed to spend it on a pair of pants and some Ray Ban sunglasses.
Smoked cigarettes. Not long ago I quit for the same reason. Smoking continues to make you look older.
Toby from The Office.
Skipped Chris's funeral. Everybody did. She was a weird, unattractive, unpopular girl who few even noticed. She had a heart attack in gym class at 13. It was shocking to have a classmate die, but few were broken up by it because nobody really knew her. I don't know that a single classmate attended her funeral. This had to hurt her parents, and that never occurred to me until I became a parent myself. I wish I could go back and attend it, and encourage others to join me.
Your girlfriend is rotten to the Corps.
Joe Pesci - Goodfellas
One of the Flanders boys?
30Rock. I will get a joke on the fifth viewing that I didn't even hear on the first four.
That's called "Vaguebooking." A cry for attention.
That's the little wet spot.
President Bush vomiting on the Prime Minister of Japan.
Usain Bolt winning the Olympic gold in the 100 M is the best athletic performance I've ever seen.
I have a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career.
There was an undertaker in southern USA that was raided, and hundreds of bodies that should have been cremated were thrown out in the woods behind his business. It was a shocking story, but it broke on or about 9/8/01 - and was hugely overshadowed a few days later.
I can play the drums.
Is Saturday Night Live popular? Either way, I just don't have the patience for it.
I already regret throwing away my first cell phone. Mid 80's from Radio Shack. Picture a car battery with a handset on it.
Tobias Funke?
Somehow it's OK to throw around the word "idiot," even though clinically that falls below "retarded" in the spectrum. Next step down is "moron," and that gets used with impunity too.
Eaten sushi. I'd try it if it was put in front of me, but otherwise the rawness doesn't appeal to me.
TIFU by invading and trashing Kuwait.
What about if they gave you their garbage email? The one that gets tons of ads every day because they use it for purchases and such. I was dating a woman who I sensed gave me that address and didn't like it. I couldn't be trusted with her good one?
People controlling their own cars at high speeds on highways, rather than a computer driving it.
I hate the "you choose to be happy or sad" nonsense. Tell that to a slave, or an ISIS victim.
Archer. I saw it referenced somewhere and recorded an episode. Now I can't stop, and even 3rd or 4th viewings of the same episode brings new laughs.
Drinking the milk of other species, after we're done weaning. We're the only mammal on Earth that does this. A subway rat would find it disgusting.
If you wanted to quit smoking, but still stick something in your mouth - your choice was lollipops or toothpicks. Thank you inventor of the e-cig!
It was in my 20's when I started noticing people in authority looking too young for that job. Teachers, police officers, etc.
Switching to high beam headlights. The switch used to be on the floor. It was easy to use, and hard to hit by mistake. The turn signal lever did not need this additional function.
That was around when they started changing. Mid 70's and earlier were all on the floor that I saw.
Cheating on your spouse is life changing, and almost always for the worse in the long run.
Thank you! For 3 years, I've never known how people did all those things.
Van Dyke?...Clark?...Nixon? None of them?
10 great stories...50 amusing anecdotes....200 well timed puns....and 5000 comments that nobody gave a rat's ass about.
Donald Trump said that Sen John McCain is no war hero, because he got caught and imprisoned. He's said many outrageous things since then - but I think this is where it all started.
Just because it's in a fancy meme doesn't mean it's true.
Donuts!
You sharted in the pair you showed up in.
This is brilliant. You don't have to peel their whole hand away, just part of it. I shall remember this.
Nuclear fission, even in the simplest of terms.
A ride to the airport. My boss once called me at 11 PM to pick him up. I told him to grab a cab, save the receipt, and I'll pay it in the morning. He got my point, and apologized for even asking.
My smallest one was barely bigger than a car remote. I miss that size - but I sure don't miss texting with the numbers.
Ask if they ever peed in the pool. If they say yes, they're a pig. If no, they're a liar.
As a kid, I once stepped out of my house and saw a man carrying an oak tree that was at least 100 years old and 100 feet tall. I could see it had just been cut from it's stump, and even though his arms couldn't nearly encircle it, there he was slowly walking along with it. Then I realized that out of vision was a crane holding it from the top, and he was simply guiding it. Then they went on to cut it apart from the bottom up. But for those 10 seconds, I thought I was seeing some kind of superpower.
"The Movie Was Better"
It's not just pinup girls showing side-boob anymore.
