*** And also listen to the phone call
Don't get me wrong, last night's episode blew my tits off. It will have no problem maintaining a high score, but the first ratings are usually more emotional and we see these types of posts for most episodes of most shows
Yeah but if it is $5,000 for Wyoming or something, they might not pay. New York is incredibly important to be licensed, but it is worth much less in some other states
I don't fit into your chart I don't fit in anywhere :(
Well Jamie kind of has an excuse
Now THIS is a guy who knows how to sell real estate!
Hell, I screwed my hanging cabinets into the ceiling joists too.
"We're sorry, your currency will be unavailable between 3AM and 4AM for scheduled maintenance"
Haven't been to the theatres in a long time. Was excited for the movie and almost forgot why until that showed up
When did the dude on the far right side die?
I thought we just saw him as a judge at Petyr's trial for killing Liza Arryn
Jolly Rancher is my favorite daily show pun http://www.tv.com/shows/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart/jolly-rancher-1664058/
Reddit destroyed their habitat and this is the result
That's a cracked screen
#Six seasons and a movie!
Danger! Danger! Great Anthony Weiner Daily show throwback
All crows have these green umbrellas to keep their costumes in great condition. They are green so they can be digitally edited out
Amash's hometown? Does he need to be preaching to the choir?
I'm aware of the friction with Rand, but what issues with Amash are there?
Burns too cool to melt airplane engines. Burns too hot to light up your joint. Burns just right to melt steel beams...
That cameraman sounds exactly like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRItYDKSqpQ
Pain is generally an indication of injury and ignoring it is likely to set you back further than 1 incomplete workout The crossfit logo is the cherry on top
Most phones screens are made to be hard enough to resist scratches from keys in your pocket. Internet advice is snake oil at best. Anything that could affect the screen enough to 'fix it' will just make it worse
If you try to pull it down manually, does it move easily or is it obstructed? Adjusting the travel amount helps when the door closes and reopens, but this sounds different
Is this the servicenow bookings/reservation module? We just went through the same thing with users all over the world signing up reservations at events in every continent. I had to modify the client script to grab the user's timezone, add that to the GlideAjax that checks for open timeslots, and then modify the script include to adjust the display times for the user's timezone (in relation to the system time), and then adjust again for the venue they had selected. All times are still stored and worked with in the servicenow system time, but the display looks correct to the user. This method does fall short if system time zone is -5 for example and the venue is Japan. Then you can have reservations showing the wrong day.
Most QNAPs advertise power usage between 30-50 Watts while running
Financing his own campaign doesn't make him anti establishment
Love to put some money on elections, but not sure what sites are scams, what's legal, and how the taxes work
I tried that joke and "What year is your birthday? Every year" last time I had an EMS ride to the hospital. Nurses got no chill
They just write it off
23k readers doesn't seem small. How do traffic stats compare? Is there somewhere else to go for people unhappy with the moderation in r/videos
Yeah a transfer between my coinbase wallets took an hour, which their FAQ says is standard. Not sure what bitX is but speed isn't how I sell people on bitcoin
You can download a torrent of wikipedia for free
I've been told by several barbers/hairstylists that the different barbershops are due to the different hair types and styles between black people and other races. The time I went to one, they had different products (no hair gel) and said it was weird I was there Half the time I mention this, someone looks at me like I'm a hyper racist though
How much market penetration have we seen in india?
This is how some people think God works
did u not updoot the spooky skelly fast enough the 1st time he appeared to you
I never thought of it like that before
That article is so sad. Like their reality depends on proving the existence of unicorns and they try so hard
TruTV has been getting some really good shows these last few years
Their goal is to hurt the west in any way possible as revenge and to get rid of the west's occupation and influence in middle eastern countries. Given the extreme difference in soldiers and resources between the two sides, I'd say they have hurt the west much more than anyone could have expected. Economically speaking, just look at what was spent on the military, TSA, militarizing the police. How many hours of productivity lost in the security theatre that could otherwise be a productive part of the economy? How many soldiers have the been able to kill in their home countries? How many committed suicide when they went home?
an AV bot for links on reddit would be cool
&gt; fat is the worst thing you can be Pedophile nazi?
It's generally not a big deal unless you get electrocuted the *wrong* way
doot
If you come running every time they cry they'll just do it for attention. He's got the right idea
I think it is also a manifestation of the two extremes of establishment vs. antiestablishment
Isn't TN the worst Civil Forfeiture state in the US?
The plumbing P traps are for easy access to clean out solids in the drain and pool some water so the drain to the sewer isn't leaking septic gases into the home. Some of these P traps are cemented together and some don't have the dip to pool water
&gt; He might be a woman who pretends to be a man to escape misoginy. I don't think misogyny is as prevalent as you think it is. Also, women aren't that good with computers
