Somebody to actually give a Valentine to.
The Clintons
Don't worry about Trump. Worry about a bought-and-paid-for influence peddler like Hillary and her husband.
Not an excuse, but if he wasn't, he'd have been sweeping floors or pumping gas. Fascist regimes don't reward people with insufficient enthusiasm. Hell, Brett Farve caught some flack for not clapping hard enough over Caitlyn Jenner.
That or SnakeSkin dress girl got Man Hands.
Shampoo itchy? Good God, you've grabbed the bottle of Nair!
If you want to be one of the guys running things, you have to play ball no matter how loathsome the game.
No doubt. At first I thought it was a joke with the punchline after the break.
[Klaus Nomi!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-Yrg9xNSS0)
Welcome to the New Normal.
Sir Patrick Stewart is not amused by your pathetic attempt at whimsical japery.
Is he nibbling at it?
Sure, that's part of the plan. You either build up resistance to it, or you die like a candy-ass bitch.
How much ya got?
Flying (a plane). Too damn much $$$$$.
Actors are loathe to be "typecast". Plus, every actor has the "I Am Capable Of So Much More Than Just Playing That Guy " mindset.
Are talking something like a 2-liter pop bottle? If so, just use a tap to put threads on the bottle cap and then use a fitting.
Actually, that is the sign of an evil duck.
Does this mean Donald Trump isn't a racist now?
This...this is good.
What did they say about Obama's claim that it would save people $2,500?
I actually like it. I'd totally build a house like that if I had the $$.
IT'S A TRAP!
Was that a service turkey? Jesus, hide the hors d'oeuvres!
Yeah, so is Alzheimer's. Alzheimer's is pretty bad too.
Anything, $$$.
Fat, loud women with regrettable tattoos. I'd be in heaven here if I was.
Photographer for a "classy" nude website like MET ART or FEMJOY.
All things serve The Beam.
July, 1994.
"BTW, my private jets run on unicorn farts."
Why isn't there an old hag following her ringing a bell and saying "Shame!"?
They paved Paradise, and you are stuck on the pot.
"...But that's not important now."
We would essentially be living the life of a three-toed tree sloth.
"Time to stick it to The Man!"
Nope. You call the police and request "no contact". You don't want the neighbors to know it was you that called in case they're psycho.
Stevens seems to get more snow. Snoqualmie seems to get shut down for avalanche control more often. I know that probably doesn't help much.
Michael Richards. (Kramer)
IT BURNS!
Paging Harrison Bergeron...
Tree Sloth. Don't be fooled by their cute little "Who, me?" bullshit. They have those razor sharp talons for a reason. Now imagine them swimming. BTW, Kristen Bell is a paid spokesperson who is totally in bed with Big Sloth.
Frankly, I'd choose it just so I wouldn't have to be around the noise and stress of gen-pop prison.
Impotence Resignation Acceptance Helplessness
Shut up, Uncle Daddy!
All they need to read is the OUT OF ORDER sign on the door.
You want a window? Pay up sucker!
Shouldn't they be wearing masks?
You just know that there is huge pile of empty bottles out behind the studio everyday.
WHAT ARE THOSE?!?!?!?!?!?!?
