In Spain and Portugal all the children stay up late and eat dinner very late with the whole family.
This is quite normal in Japan.
I'm a woman, and I hate shopping. My husband has three times more clothes and shoes than me.
not intentionally
That's not hypocrisy. The fact that something is appropriate/necessary in one situation but not other doesn't make it hypocritcal.
You know what is worse than licorice? SALTED licorice. You can buy it in Finland. Jesus :-O
Bloody Tepco
I have this the other way round: for example, I dream of being bitten by a tiger, or having a surgery, and I am (in the dream) in the great pain. When I wake up, I feel fine. I thought that maybe there was something - a stomach ache, let's say - that would trigger that kind of dream, but no, nothing. Sometimes I can feel the pain/bite for a while after I have woken up, and then it disperses. So, I think it can work both ways: sometimes the body sensation can produce a dream, and sometimes a dream can produce a body sensation (BTW, I also often have sexual dreams, in which I am very, very aroused. But when I wake up, I am not aroused at all, the feeling was just in a dream).
Evil Boy is my favourite &lt;3
I lived in Poland during the Cold War, and I was not aware of it happening. I was a child, and then a teenager, interested in Guns n'Roses and some boys from my school, and completely oblivious to any political stuff going on around me (and I rememember the Marshall Law &amp; soldiers etc.). Only when I was in my twenties I realised I lived through the communism and social transformation: when it was happenning, I simply didn't notice.
Yes, Triumphant George says this to all newcomers, jumping dimensions is a functional metaphor.
speak for yourself :-P
My family live in three countries - how can we possibly avoid flying? You cannot travel on a train over the ocean to see your parents ... But I agree that ferries and train journeys can be fun, although can take too much time.
But where? In the middle of the city?
I've been to Kaikoura! Haven't seen any whales though :-(
Wasn't it a turn to agriculture that screwed the planet and our health in the first place? I am seriously asking, and I am veggie (vegetarian, NOT a vegetable)
Me too! But I was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos.
you see Matrix!
http://thoughtbrick.com/meditation/tummo-meditation-depth-guide/
Ehlers-Danlos ...
Me to! :-) I also have EDS :-) unfortunately I do have some other problems associated with it.
wow
how?
:-)
I've seen that film
Get interested in me! I would like to go to the West Coast!
I have the same thing with eyes and colours/tones. Thought everyone had this.
Spiritual leader for sure :-D
that reminds me - when I meditate I stop breathing for long periods of time; no idea how, or why
http://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/
http://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/
enjoy the sub, lots of interesting stories there :-)
Good luck on your journey.
Take care :-)
Weird indeed.
Don't lose your hope either, all the best to you! &lt;3
Agent Smith, in particular.
In many cultures you can actually legally marry your first cousins, I wouldn't count it as an incest really.
Maybe it didn't grow suddenly, maybe its whole life span just flashed before their eyes.
oh, what a cutie :-)
I din't have celiac disease, but I have very delicate stomach (due to genetic disease of the connective tissue) that just doesn't properly digest anything too heavy. I can't eat gluten, and lots of other stuff as well, and have to be always very careful of what I actually eat. Gluten, unfortunately, is quite heavy, and - compared to rice, let's say - seems to sit in my stomach forever. Since I've stopped eating it, my health vastly improved, so I will stick to this diet, no matter what other people think.
Except in the UK - sugar is everywhere. You can buy the same youghurt, the same brand, in the UK and - let's say - Findland, and the sugar content is dramatically different.
I've been vegan for 12 years - first 10 years fantastic, and then I started having serious problems. No I eat fish and eggs, which improved my health/.
I don't digest gluten (and many other foods) properly due to genetic connective tissue disorder. I don't have celiac disease, but on the gf diet I feel much better, and don't have to take medicines.
Finland, the country :-D you can but the same brand of youghurts as in the UK but less sugary. The same with juice etc. I was very surprised by that; the same brand, the same box, just different taste.
:-( I'm so sorry
On Reddit dreams come true
North Korea opening.
You know, these things are not exclusive. Being an introvert just means you need to recharge in private (in opposition to people who charge from the contact with other people)
I agree, I cannot do it either, although I am very sociable. There was a good comic online that was explaining this, but I cannot find it. The idea was, however, that the difference between an introvert and extravert was not the way they spend their time, but the way they re-charge their energy. So, the extravert will be someone who gets energised by the contact with others, and when he's alone, he's getting weak. Introvert, on the other hand, recharges while alone, and then looses energy while interacting with others. That makes sense to me.
