Prom Flashbacks :(
YEAH! what kind of American are you?
so the reports of UT switching to a spread offence were wrong, they are using the Wildcat
it counts if they are an Aggy? :/
We're winning and Big Uncle Texas and 'ol Auntie OU dont like that one bit We also act a little New-Moneyish at times :D
if you had a pet Bear and there was someone striding towards you with menace and a Baseball bat, would you not be telling your pet Bear to "Sic 'em"? CASE CLOSED, WE WIN, HAHAHAHAHA :p
given some of the other fanbases in Texas, naming no names but looking directly at College Station, we're fairly decent, most of the time
maybe not in Georgia
2019 might be poor ( and is likely going to change ), but whats wrong with 2018? a decent P5 program, a rising G5 team and a random FCS team, what more do you want? :D
Athletes really need to stop claiming they were hacked and own up to their dipshit mistakes
since when can Gators run 35 mph? also, Texas Tech Red Raiders are all mounted on horses arent they? edit, how do Scarlet Knights count as heavily armoured, but Trojans and Spartans dont?
we have recruiting threads for 3*s now?
and we develop them too, unlike other teams in this state
Oakman gets all the hype, Billings is the real star of our DL, really hope he stays for his senior season, id think hes gone, but Baylor has had a fair amount of joy with talented juniors returning for their SR season, only RG3 and Lache Seastrunk have left early and i bet Seastrunk wishes he hadnt!
i dont like you
Baylor gained the commitment of a 4 *, 6'4", 4.45 40 WR a couple of days ago which takes them to 5 Commits with a 4 * + rating and 9 overall, just need one more commit of any value to get on this list! :)
high 5 for just being below average rather than plain awful
i've only been a Baylor fan for 4 seasons but theres been 3 really great upset victories : 1: The first ever CFB game i watched, TCU 48-50 Baylor, they came in ranked #14, coming off a undefeated season as Rose Bowl champs, they whooped us in DFW the season before. We were unranked and coming off our first bowl game in ages. RG3 just ripped their secondary to shreds, it was sensational to watch, they staged a late comeback to make it nervy, but this remains one of my favourite ever games in CFB, its what got me hooked 2: #5 OU 38-45 #25 BU, we came into this game having never, ever beaten Oklahoma and they were, at this point, a 1 loss team hoping for other teams to slip up so they could get into the NCG, RG3 lit this secondary up too ( with the help of a lucky deflection on one TD! ) but we could not stop their power run game in the red zone, with "The Belldozer" scoring 4 rushing TDs, RG3 scored the winning TD with 8 seconds left for his "Heisman moment" 3: #1 KSU 24-52 BU, we were 4-5 coming into this game and struggling to get bowl eligible, KSU were on a roll and gunning for the NCG and we just smoked them, everything clicked and we tore them apart, it was an awesome surprise cos i dont think any BU fan was expecting it!
I was playing a game of NCAA online dynasty with some mates in England, picked Baylor at random, enjoyed playing with them, by chance saw Baylor were playing TCU ( didnt even know it was the start of the season or anything :D ), watched the game and it got me hooked. Upset loss? only loss in my time as a BU fan that was a big upset was the UCF Fiesta bowl i guess
Maybe
we can be on this list now :)
thats not going to happen, id put a fair amount of money on it
probably an Aggie that has some sort of script to downvote anything mentioning the Big 12
well if there were 5 unbeaten teams, the Big 12 would be at a disadvantage due to not having a CCG, but you couldnt just say one conference would be left out, it would depend on the resume of each individual team
I dont see much cause for hope that their Offence will improve much though, Their O-Line is still a train wreck ( and their best, i think, OL recruit might not make it in due to grades ), Their QB is still Swoopes, I think they lost their most productive WR ( they do bring in a couple of 4* WRs, but more importantly, their 4* TE is having trouble getting into UT from what i hear ) and their RBs are highly ranked recruiting wise, but havent produced
is there any reason Baylor is there other than the fact we're replacing our QB?
its an easy target :D
the secondary that returns everyone and will all be a year more experienced? ( last year the majority were sophomores with 1 junior ). The way we play, its tough to have a stellar defence, but we've been improving every year and i think our DBs will be up to scratch this year. As an aside, one of our starting CBs ( Ryan Reid ) was revealed to be playing with a torn abdominal muscle for the 2nd half of the season and the staff didnt know because he gutted it out and never told anyone, i feel kinda bad for ragging on him now! The "system" argument is really dumb for Baylor wrt QBs, if its a "system" to have a really good QB who can make all the throws and run the ball then fine, but Briles has a great history of developing QBs and i think he should have the same benefit of the doubt when it comes to Offences that Patterson does with Defences. Everyone said that Baylor would fall back to earth when RG3 left, when Florence left and now with Petty leaving, it hasnt happened yet and i dont expect it to this season either
i duly recognise you as a fellow expert on what poor secondaries look like but in all seriousness, do you mean that the same group with a years experience, wont be better, or just a general point that more experienced players dont automatically become better? because if you mean the former, i would disagree
there was a general step back in 2012, but we lost a fair amount of players on top of RG3, the likes of Kendall Wright, Terrance Gannaway, both Starting DTs, some O-Liners, some DBs, everyone was expecting a step back in 2012 and in all honestly, Florence was the most limited ( though still good ) QB we've had since Briles took over, but he still played his butt off and was a natural leader. 2013, well we had a massive step forward, won the Big 12, Petty was Big12 OPOY and got some Heisman votes ( not as many as he should have though :( ), if anything I would say Petty had a step back in production in his second year, but thats mainly down to his injury. In short, the only Step Back in QB play was in 2012 when the QB taking over was measurably worse in quality than the guy he was replacing and we also had a lot of attrition elsewhere
i feel that pain :D but yeah, our secondary was young last year but they all return, including the backups, id be pretty surprised if there wasnt at least a marginal improvement in our DB play
Russell is more athletic than Petty and will probably be more of a threat running with the ball, hes a bit more of a risk taker so we may see a few more turnovers ( though Petty was incredibly careful with the ball wrt turnovers so a small increase in T/Os wont necessarily be a disaster ), he can make all the throws and he could put up bigger numbers than Petty this year. Id say hes on a par with Petty ( and could be better ) and comes into this season with more game experience than Petty did when he started as the Main QB
WVU, go undefeated, outright champs of the B12, get into playoffs ahead of Ohio State ( in fact, we'd probably have been top seeds, wouldnt we? ) and then from there, who knows? I think we'd have beaten FSU in the Semis and then lost to Oregon probably
is this a joke?
it looks like a 2 year old and a 10 year old were told to draw a tiger :D
Baylor was on the cover last year, its only fair to give the more mediocre teams in the state their turn in the spotlight
oh yeah, you're right, i misread what you said, sorry :D
Okie State, we always lose in Stillwater anyway and this way, i wont have to psych myself up for this game :D
Because we return the overwhelming majority of our starters and TCU has lost a lot of talent on defence
I think A&amp;M should share Georgias spot there tbf
WHY DO YOU WANT ME TO HURT MYSELF? :(
ooh, Allison Brie is there, i feel better now
My Liver just threw up and died reading this
Yeah, i thought it was good, echo other peoples thoughts about them picking like the craziest guy on campus and not talking to any other students though :D My opinion on Paternos role is that i dont think hes a paedophile enabler or anything like that, but his attitude seemed to be to do just the bare minimum he was legally required to and then forget about it, a good analogy i think, would be was if someone witnessed a serious car accident, theyd phone 911 to call the Fire Brigade and Ambulance, but then just walk away from the crash without bothering to check on the occupants and, considering the moral righteousness Penn State seemed to embrace prior to this, thats a pretty appalling attitude to take.
The team ive heard ( i wont mention their name as its pay site info ) have won Natties in the past, but not for a long time and arent that good now, its not a matchup that fills me with excitement if im honest, but i guess its a public way of pointing to our better scheduling policy, i dunno, its a bit meh to me atm
well, we're playing a P5 team, so thats not really relevant :p the location, well, I dont think it will be a Crowded House
ive already dropped one hint :D
those matchups would all be kinda exciting :D
&gt;Are you really withholding something solely because it's behind a paywall? :( err, yeah, thats the whole point of a pay site, isnt it? wouldnt really work if the members gabbed all the info out to the public :D
you're going the wrong way, but the right clue ;)
