This.
Brook. Khan knows he destined to be a gate keeper.Already has 3 losses and has little to no ring IQ, not really a devastating puncher, and has a weak chin. Khan knows Brook and Mayweather beat him. Khan will be a gate keeper this time next year.
If that happened i'll take a pic of me licking my friends face[hopefully]
this isn't that cringe. Would have been cringe if she physically stopped you mid hug and THEN offered to fist bump.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J7n9mDIGD4 wow... lmaooooo
It's a girl &amp; she would be ok with it. really i'm just looking for an excuse to lick her[pause]
ggg loses to ward &amp; would defeat floyd due to the size. Ward is the most complete fighter after Floyd, i'd say ward is 95 percent of what floyd is. He's a very complete fighter. One thing Ward can do that floyd usually doesnt or cant is "maul" opponents. Floyd and ward have inside games. Elite elite elite fighters usually are very very good at all phases of fightinng. Long range, mid range and short/insidie
prime for prime i'd favor ward hopkins. Quicker, better ring IQ, more willing to maul his opponents. I think a more correct statement would be like Andre Ward is Bernard Hopkins 2.0/Upgraded Edition
She looks like john elway in a wig with a spray tan. Cotdam
Yeah but they're your friends so it says a lot about you too homie. I hate people who say shit like "omg i'm getting tired of my friend posting racist shit'. Point 1.) Why are they even still your friend then?
I think so. Look at boston dynamics. there robots seem leaps and bounds ore advanced. For example. Can't their robots catch and balance themselves like animals when their falling to re-gain their balance?
his resume ist. He lost most of his big fights. That's like putting a job you didnt get and adding it as part of your resume.
Yep...That part where he dodged a trout flurry was awesome. you know a good place I can find good quality of may-pac and rigo-amagasa
I feel like a dumbass...I was wondering 'Who the fuck is noir and why is their list so good compared to the others....then it dawned on me.
garcia, After facing Matthysse all punches from algieri will feel like little fluffs of heaven
post pics
sarcasm
I have a question. Are the boston dynamics robots better than the ones in the darpachallenge? Cause it seems their robot are immensely more fluid. one thing i don't get is that BD had their robots mimick human motion or animals to a tee with "joints" so they could balance themselves? If BD entered a challenged with their personally designed robot. Could they win?
I feel srr would have defeated taylor easy
black and I love koth....also I really hated john redcorn
Who is masyweather?
I know the feeling..i respect tyler for this. I had a female friend like this...you always try to support them...but she was a downer like literally all of the time...even when it came to herself.People like that can just kill your mood for the whole day.
I hope this guy moves up and ends up fighting ward,froch,or some other guy that will pummel him
was talking about the son of the great one. well technically 175 is up from 172 CW. i just want to see him get k.o'd more. I refuse to call him by his fathers name.
lmao. Fool look like he on death row
well Expect a slaughter
Lmaooooo
...he always has...only people on the net act as if ggg is a bigger name
i've been playing halo since it came out.. I liked Halo odst's the best...it just sounds so sad though.
ice cube and pac were brutal with their messages. using metaphors doesn't make your raps any deeper. Pac wasn't much for metaphors but he had some of the deepest music i've heard.
hahahaha
He doesn't need to change trainers. He just doesn't listen to them. they give him solid advice and told him to let his hands go vs porter and he just ignored them.
hagler would replicate what margarito would do except he was much quicker[don't be fooled, hagler had great speed in his prime] Plus he could fight lefty with the best of him...I think hagler would tko sergio and ggg.
I think he has a solid defense. When he wants too..I think he doesn't respect his opponents power so just neglects it. In some fights you can see him bob his head and shoulder roll out to avoid punches.
street fighter III: Third strike
are you serious? LOL
calling hopkins the slickest boxer of all time is a mega stretch. I agree that it's a silly notion that kovalev can't box though.
meet me outside pussy
Lmaoooo
this...they're like my least favorite wild life.
me either...first fight was a wash...shit was like 117-111 for porter lol
I feel as if he's completely overrated
upvoted...tyson is overrated to shit. his style of bobbing and weaving was only meant for the first few rounds. If he couldnt get you out of there early he had a hard time. His head movement would stop, his jab would stop and he became a lot easier to hit. I wish i could send vitali back in time to put a beating on mike tyson. And people think he could beat a prime ali or a larry holmes.
umvc3 isn't canon. Gill,Akuma,Oro,Gouken are by far and away the strongest character in the street fighter universe.
.....I wish I could give you gold
Cotto with roach loases worse. I actually think trying to come out blazing against floyd is a bad strategy now..I say you need to have a high tempo yet controlled pace. Cause while you're coming out hot, floyd is hitting you to the body and taking away your energy. Than come round 5 you're tired and floyd just jumps all over you with right hands. If they fight again I think floyd knocks cotto down with an uppercut
will people quit with this..he wasnt going to knock bradley out. Vargas was overrated as shit anyway.
this is a private company...not NASA who was handed a blank check from the government
I guess Pacquiao,Alvarez,Cotto,Mosley, Chino were the easiest fights he could make at the time? ...
at 154 nobody crushes floyd. get the fuck out of here. I bet you were one of them lame ass dudes saying floyd would never fight Pacquiao. If he beats golovkin whose the boogiean you have to beat floyd after him?
