how about that the scar is the gun in the image? im guessing a tiny % knew that
or you rethink what he wrote
You can't replay missions though. This method is a leak.
well you get extra points if you get a kill with it. so if you're trying to win it can be an interesting choice between more points/favored weapon.
ehhh kind of semantics i guess. currently without this method, you can play it once on a specific map. with this method that valve didn't make public you can do it whenever you want on a variety of them. I don't really care whether it's a leak or not. Glad OP posted though it's kinda fun and I'd like to be able to mess with it more than just the one time.
Hey man I don't come around here as much as I used to but I've seen your analysis recently and it's excellent. Very little opinion, lots of concrete facts organized in a narrative. Great contributions.
They've already been doing this for at least 2 years+. It has always been in their catalogs. For select ssds/ram it lists a price when bought in a combo. It just doesn't advertise it elsewhere. I got that combo when I put my PC together a long while ago.
i bet the same way! I've even made some money off some luck (opened a tf2 hat with a free key long ago and sold for $100). When I'm watching a game I've bet on, you've never seen someone care so much about .08 before!
I think I'm just really trying to figure out a way to continue to see her and not get hurt lol... Initially my emotions were in check. Maybe not so much anymore... I think you've brought me to the same crux that I got to typing all of that out. Thanks.
nah that's not true. it's the silencer + tighter spread
I will never use it because of the stance on adblock. I respect the choice but I and many others aren't interested in it for this reason.
Very true, but analysis and betting strategy are two different things. It's a good thing that so many people play "pick-the-winner" for guys like you and me though.
omg...
lol when should one be trying to scam someone? he's a scared kid -- pathetic by your account -- and yet he's still got you all riled up. I'd much rather see someone who makes a mistake correct it, even if not by their own initiative, rather than leave the deed unexamined. There's a chance he learned something.
I actually agree completely. I think the issue is that there are just a limited number of niches for pistols. They aren't weak, just situational. The only thing to buff on them would be armor pen. And if you make them viable against armor I think you have to make it swappable with 5-7/tec-9 because they would just be redundant. Lack of armor pen is actually what gives it a unique place.
Ya agreed. It deserves its own slot soley based off the fact that it fulfills a unique niche compared to all the other pistols. The guns it swaps with are for entirely different use cases and you should have to pick which one is available to you before the game.
bad odds = good odds!
considering how much money valve is raking in off micro-transactions, and how micro-transactions directly fund a much bigger prize pool in their other competitive e-sports game, I think it's a very fair point regardless of olof being the one to make it. at the very least you have to wonder why there isn't a specific micro-transaction used to fund majors. Is The International Valve run? in contrast to the solely 3rd party valve-endorsed CSGO majors?
I like that. Leaves the judgement out. Opinion-less. I used to follow more closely and think, at least by my standards, I got pretty good at figuring real odds. It was all from watching a ton and seeing how teams fared against eachother. Beyond that and the random technical detail (a team is very good/bad at a map, stand-in, etc.) I think people buy into "noisey" details too much and it skews lounge odds. It's like "Hey - here is all of the relevant information organized in one place for you to make a judgement on." That being said, I guess you're right that it isn't very substantial *analysis* but I find it much more useful than someone giving their opinion based off facts (or not) that they don't flesh out in their post. I frankly put very low value in other people's opinions on real odds (I think most people suck at it), but I do appreciate someone who can summarize the relevant facts.
What about a site that serves as some sort of betting "hub?" I imagine a front page with the most bet on active match playing, lounge match odds with links, a section for analysis (or links/scraping /r/csgobetting), chat, links of current bettable matches, etc. some sort of betting "hangout." right now the place you bet is different than the place you watch which is different than the place you talk about it. i wonder if you can bring it all together to clarify, im not talking about a betting service - the idea is to link to csgolounge and use that userbase, not try to carve your own niche alongside them. that's probably a terrible idea.
Ya I have no illusion that they are tier 1 teams. It's just primarily what I watch (just works out time-wise) so I don't really consider that people might think I'm talking absolutely. Anyways, I've found most people over-exaggerate the skill difference between the top tier 1 NA teams and the bottom ones. The underdog wins more than *expected* and everyone screams "wow never betting NA again, so inconsistent" when in reality they are just overrating the top teams. You're definitely right to think most all NA games are risky, but that's a good thing depending on your betting strategy.
no he wasn't. someone contacts you with a threat then you block them.
i've been gn 4 for several weeks as well. won about 60% of those games and I'm top of the leader board almost every game. A handful of those have been with friends above my rank where I have also done well. Not a complaint - just echoing that mg has a fairly substantial barrier to get into. I've been surprised at about every win for 2 weeks that I haven't ranked up lol
to play with friends. not saying you're wrong mind you
as far as he knows that just puts him in an uncomfortable situation. there is no telling if that would actually have negative consequences for someone.
not to mention powering on/off your components is probably going to wear them out quicker than leaving it on most of the time, particularly mechanical hard drives. This is *reaaaaally* nitpicking but if we're looking minimal impact things you'd need to consider that. In reality it won't really make a real difference whether you turn it off or leave it on.
I mean I completely agree. No significant difference. But if you're going to over-analyze at least be thorough about it!
this is nice to read man. happy for you. compared to my relationship with alcohol (which has terminated) my tobacco relationship has been working quite well lol. That is comparatively, mind you. It's such a big expense and, while generally acclimated, I can at times really feel the effects it has on my body. The more I've come to smoke the less I enjoy each cigarette.
taste/sensation is the first thing that comes to mind. although this is a bit more of just what you're used to probably. Also, the mech mods that you manually drip liquid onto require substantially more setup than pulling out a cig and lighting it. I refer to those because, of what I've used, they produce vapor most similar to cig smoke. I'm probably being too defeatist though. There is probably a balance out their of throat-hit feel and ease-of-use.
trying to switch from cigs to vaping. pick me!
Ya I hear that. I've learned that instead of waiting for motivation to come I just gotta take some action lol. I've waited a long time for motivation to come in different aspects in my life. Long enough to realize it's never going to and I just have to do something lol
meh idk man. I guess it depends on how you look at it. I had a little over $3 when katowice stickers went on sale for .25. Just sold all 15 for around $13. I know that's more than 50%, but if you can double your money every couple months that's a pretty fat steam wallet after a year.
if you're serious just go to GA. your excuse for not going is weak and just doesnt even make sense
Can you elaborate? Like you set odds then you determine how risky it is? Because I feel like risk is just a factor in the real odds. Either way, I agree with OP but: &gt; If you are good with your analysis and you believe your odds are accurate, you bet against any disparity. I think it's a little foolish to treat personal odds as highly accurate. No matter how informed you are, you can never be sure your odds are accurate. That's fine if you account for it. Give yourself a margin for error. Don't bet if you think odds are off 5% or less. Then, I think what maybe you are getting at, have a base bet and scale that according to how confident you are in your odds and how far off csgl odds are from them. off by 10% and you are confident? bet your base. Off by 20% and you are extremely confident in your odds? Bet a maximum of 3x your base (which should be a small percentage of total inventory - 10% or something). Somewhere in the middle bet 2x base. But betting when there is *any* disparity is overzealous imo. I get the concept and respect it -- not enough people do if you ask me -- but we need to account for our inability to know if we want to bet by EV.
Not for everyone.
lol this fly's in the face of EV betting though because you're not interested in comparing real odds to lounge odds. if that 80% overdog is more like a 90% overdog, that's a great bet.
"wish me luck" the nerve of that guy. he's not my *real* dad.
it fills a cheap niche which I think will always make it relatively popular. in terms of price I don't necessarily think this means it will really be *high*... but I'd imagine it will have quite a bit of demand.
what resolution/settings though? 800 x 600 everything low? at 1366X768 with an i7 2760qm and a k2000m @ low/medium settings I average about 100.
I thought it was going to be 2 pics. First pic: GTA 25%-75% off! Oh boy GTA V must be 25% off! Second pic: GTA V: 0% off
would you potentially be interested in a swap for my ft? mine is .3 float, i see yours is .25.
frankly i suspected this. I think the "no no no walls dont work now because valve broke them" sentiment was a bit naive, even if true. Still quite possibly a workaround. but how do you know?
lol i know you're joking, but if they are distinguished from players for valves purposes, then someone can write software that ignores them for their purposes based off that distinction
These posts make me sick. Read it. Is it good to you? Can't tell? Then don't take a side.
Thanks man. I'll look into libraries. I have the A+ on my radar. I'm currently unemployed though so I didn't want to add the extra expense (considering finding something non-IT so I could get certs + experience, contacts, etc.). I actually decided to put windows server 2012 r2 in a virtual machine to tinker around with active directory after seeing it mentioned so much. Haven't gotten it all setup yet, but it's kind of confirmation in itself that this is probably a good venture for me lol (quite directionless for a long time, recently felt IT was the right direction).
also, do you mean vmware player? not VMplayer - can't find that. Also vmware player isn't free and I was just using virtualbox.
actually you are right - it is free
source?
can you help me pinpoint which shorts these are?
I think (good) case-hardened AK's will be much more resistant to the market getting saturated with new AK's compared to items. It's just a unique niche. Besides the noise you cite (operations, majors, valve market changes, etc.), I think they will only rise.
