REI tents seem to be overpriced to me, and for backpacking seems pretty heavy for what you do get. It's basically over-engineered and charges boutique pricing. I don't have a particular suggestion for car camping at this point since I went hammock and never looked back. Backpacking though you have a *ton* of options for around REI's price point (it's no longer a minor brand name, you're paying for the REI label at this point). If you use hiking poles you might want to consider something that isn't stand-alone, like a lightheart gear tent, or one of the MRS line, or even a Big Agnus. You can get pretty lightweight if you shop around too. Jetboils are fine if you're wanting to boil water, fast, and don't mind the weight, and are willing to lose the speed and the efficiency if you're going to camp anywhere with anything more than a breeze. They aren't efficient in the wind. At all. And for me at least they'r damn heavy. The Titanium option wasn't bad, but I don't think they make that any more. For roughly the same price I can get an MSR micro rocket or gigapeak and something like an evernew Ti pot and save half a pound or more on my cook kit. I could also go with a caldera cone kit and an alcohol/spirit stove solution and go quiet and a little slower (about 7-10 minutes to boil water). If I upgraded to TI I'd be rocking less weight than the other two options. Plus, once you buy your stand alone pot, it can be moved between systems. The Jetboil is pretty much only usable by jetboil systems. You're locked in. Sleeping bags- Check out Enlightened Equipment. They actually sell closed footbox quilts. I really like them since they combine the lightness of a mummy bag and the comfort of... well... a blanket. They're also economical compared to the competition.
If you have a dehydrator you can make all kinds of meals. I dehydrate peas, pepper strips, green beans, then dehydrate some hummus, either store bought or home made. Dehydrate, run the hummus through the blender, rehydrate at camp. Very tasty snack for lunch.
I started with the Ukulele Boot Camp chord drills for C like... 2 weeks ago. Once I got most of those comfortable, especially as others have mentioned C, Am, F, and G/G7, you can start moving on to songs. I picked up Stand By Me because it's dirt simple, you can use it to practice different strum patterns and see how it changes the sound of the song, and it is a song we all know and probably like okay. It's also if memory serves like the 50's pop song progression of doom.
Making your own taco seasoning is dirt simple, and if you want to share with your dogs, you can omit the onion powder. Seasons roughly 1lb of meat * 1 tablespoon chili powder * 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder * 1/4 teaspoon onion powder * 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes * 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano * 1/2 teaspoon paprika * 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin * 1 teaspoon sea salt * 1 teaspoon black pepper I use this without thickeners and just let reduce until it's fairly saucy. Works fine. I also tend to omit the red pepper flakes or at least reduce them if I am not in the mood for heat. If you want a thickener to make a more traditional taco seasoning sauce, you could probably throw some corn starch in or maybe some xantham gum (though not much, a little goes a long way and too much creates a slimy consistency). Adjust salt to taste, and consider cutting down the teaspoon of black pepper. It makes things pretty peppery.
Big fan of rum &amp; spiced cider on a cold night. Instant cider works but isn't great sadly unless someone knows a better brand than Alpine.
Egg crystals are better for this anyway. Weigh way less. Buy ovum egg crystals, dehydrate bell peppers, get some turkey sausage that's been cooked &amp; crumbled, dehydrate it, then rehydrate on the trail and make some killer burritos for a fraction of the weight. Dehydrate mushrooms too if you want, they dehydrate great. Onions are smelly to dehydrate and you can just get the freeze dried ones to get some mild oniony flavor going. Heck you could dry out diced tomatoes and rehydrate those if needed. For longer term tortilla storage packitgourmet used a vacuum packer to make smaller batches of tortillas packed for freshness: http://blog.packitgourmet.com/2009/10/life-of-tortilla.html
Not particularly worth it. I looked and they generally charge more than what you'd pay if you just bought the DLC off of Steam. My suggestion is to wait for a steam sale. They were offering 40% off most of the DLC over the Christmas holiday. Next sale is probably around Valentine's Day or possibly easter/spring break.
hikelospadres.com for a giant database on trails and campsites. Good News Everybody, they just lifted fire restrictions in the LP! You can have a camp fire again! Or an alcohol stove, or a biofuel stove!
How did I know that you had an EE? EE has a long lead time now but man... their quilts are awesome. Dollar value to performance is insane, weight is good, it's just a fantastic product from a fantastic company. If you toss or are a little bit round like I am, you can get a wider quilt. Helps out a lot. You won't rack up weight like I do since you basically say you are pretty petite in height.
Protip: Backbone trail is not a trail you can camp on. There are campsites around but logistically it's difficult.
I would imagine swimming would achieve this too. But that's a great idea about cycling. It also gets you into the swing of sustained lower intensity exertion for longer periods of time.
&gt;And by "all that extra shit" you help prove the fallacy of the ultralight mindset; saving weight for the sake of saving weight. Skurka dubs that mindset "stupid light"
I've seen people hammock out nice and snug in snow. I've hammocked in freezing sleet and been perfectly warm and more comfortable than I am on the ground. Maybe you were doing it wrong? I don't think hammocks are for everyone, hike your own hike, but the arrogance of your argument is offputting.
Happy Solong 6 owner here. It doesn't have a mesh interior, but it will give you like 6 inches of clearance on either end of you. It's a huge-ass solo tent for an ounce shy of 2 pounds.
Most of the Los Padres is open to you. There's a ton of options and while there's a little snow at the higher elevations you're probably fine.
Well first note that it is designed to use trekking poles. I can't remember if the site has stand alone poles, but those will obviously add to the weight. Setup- Stake the 4 corners out. The tent has a bathtub with carbon fiber stays in it which are awesome for keeping the bathtub floor a bathtub floor. The top corners loop over your stakes (this is a little trickier if you can't stake things down. You're going to need rocks or extra line or some creativity to do it. I talked to a woman who pitched the solong on AT camping platforms using cordage and rocks). Then you unzip the tent, and there's a little plastic/carbon fiber stay in there that's bent (I think it's rigid plastic) at just the right angle that velcros in. Take your hiking pole, stick the tip in the plastic tube, and shove the round handle down into the middle of the tent. Repeat on other side. I usually crawl in, hold it up, and pitch that way. Adjust height for tauntness. You're basically done at that point. The awning rolls up or pulls down and can be propped open with a stick. Dropping it into storm mode is basically as easy as Pulling the stick out and maybe having a stake or a rock or branch or something to tie down on. Pretty easy. It takes a little getting used to and you absolutely want to pitch it a few times in your back yard before getting out on the trail. Make sure you use a tyvek groundsheet (you can order one from the website if you don't want to dick with it) because the ground bathtub is silnylon and pretty thin. It's just safer to pitch on top of a groundsheet. In better weather you can roll back the awnings and get some real airflow through the tent, which is another reason I like it. I'm really happy with the tent. I haven't met anyone who didn't like the design.
I was going to suggest figuring out some way to donate directly to the MS group's charity directly or contact them and see if they can work with you to give you some legitimacy.
One problem with buying a freeze dryer is that it's like 2 grand, not including electricity costs.
https://paleomealstogo.com/ if you want straight up Mountain House style meals. Pretentiousness included at no extra cost.
I just use one of those 12oz mini coke bottles. I have FUEL written on it in sharpie on a loop of duct tape and I've colored the cap. Works fine. If I'm really paranoid I'll add like a drop of green food coloring to it.
Yeah. Or boxer/briefs. Or if you want to go hardcore, North Face better than naked running shorts. There's a varient called long haul or something like that which has boxer brief style liners. Those things are awesome. Expensive though. Easiest is to just go buy a pair of under armor boxerjox for like 20 bucks. Or ExOfficio give-n-go boxer briefs. The key here is that you want boxer-brief or compression shorts style grip.
&gt;hike at every spot along the way Taking the coast you're talking about... oh... 700 miles or so of coastline. Hiking "every spot along the way" would probably take 6 months or so. Actually longer considering that the Los Padres alone has like a thousand miles of trail. But do you want "coastal" as in "I can see the water from here?" or are you talking "accessible to someone driving down the 101"? Because there's a difference. Big Sur, Los Padres up above Santa Barbara, the stretch of ocean between Point Magu &amp; Malibu (along with all the santa monica mountain trails), and I'm sure there's stuff further south but I never go that far south. For the Santa Monica mountains, check out Sandstone Peak &amp; Inspiration Point loop. 7 miles or so with some cracking views.
I actually eat about 80% paleo for other dietary considerations. I have little against the actual diet.
The problem with biofuel stoves is that they aren't able to be used above alpine level and in areas with fire restrictions, which basically means large portions of California and other dry places for like 6 months a year. Not to mention screwing with building a fire when you're hungry and just want to eat and crash means a long runup and a long time to wait for the fire to go out. In areas where you have a limited water supply using a firebox like that also requires you to douse using water that could be used for drinking or eating. Or you could just blow fire safety rules out the window I guess. Also, you conveniently posted the XL version of that stove, which is absurdly expensive. The regular one that you'd use for backpacking runs 40 bucks.
Yeah if you're looking for the absolute lightest stove solution esbit might be worth looking into.
Other resources: http://www.amazon.com/John-Muir-Trail-Essential-Americas/dp/0899977367/ref=dp_ob_title_bk http://jmtbook.com/ Sorry for the commercial links. I'm not affiliated at all, I just ike the products.
Check out Darn Toughs. 20 bucks a pair but they have a lifetime warranty. I love them. Skip REI brand socks. The Achilles tendon area blows out on them far too quickly for what they charge. Smartwool and DeFeet are other popular socks. Smartwool smelled on my feet pretty quick and I found defeet way too slick in my shoe. I felt like I was gliding and developed blisters eventually.
For trekking poles, check out massdrop.com especially since you have some time. They frequently get poles 20-30% off due to group buys. I picked up some really nice carbon fiber poles for almost 50% off a while back.
I suggest a PS4 squirt leatherman. Pretty cheap, great pliers, pretty much most/all the tools you're going to need in a tiny 2oz package. Only down side is no locking blade, but you probably don't need one. God knows I never really have.
I was going to ask "What's your marathon times look like?"
If you haven't visited the trinity alps and the coastal redwoods north of Eureka... you're missing out. I've lived in California all my life, love the 395 drive, spent 30 years exploring the Sierras and Cascades. This past September I changed plans on a vacation and headed through the Trinity Alps then up the coast and was like "why didn't I come here to begin with?" My suggestion is to take the 395 north and camp up through Bishop and towards Reno, then veer off and hit Lassen/Burney Falls area (Damn Burney Falls is expensive though), cut through Shasta area, or rip through Redding if you're in a hurry, slow back down in the Trinity Alps, then meander up the coast. You can turn inland in a lot of different places if you want. If you need to see Crater Lake you can turn east near the state line or north of the state line.
I see you picked up the unofficial "Crabs Adjust Humility" expansion.
hikelospadres.com Actually I've seen google earth/google maps include trail information. Nothing I'd seriously want to rely on but it's a starting point. It is an *insane* amount of work to get a trail database going. The guy who did HLP is crazy in a good way. I have massive respect for him.
I would imagine that there are facilities in Yellowstone that have wifi that you could tap into. Other than that you're looking at satellite internet, and it is psychotically expensive. http://www.groundcontrol.com/IsatHub.htm There's a unit for 1400 dollars, then it's 200 bucks a month for 100 megs worth of data. Overages are 3.50 a megabyte. And that's for 350kbps. I don't think IridiumNext is up and running. That might offer slightly cheaper, slightly faster internet speeds if/when it gets up and running, but we're seriously talking about hundreds of dollars a month. Edit: 20 seconds of googling answered the question of infrastructure in Yellowstone: Yellowstone Cell Phone Reception Cell phone service is available in over 50 percent of the park. Coverage is currently provided by five low towers inside the park, servicing Old Faithful, Mammoth, Grant Village, Canyon, and Tower-Roosevelt, as well as along the road corridor between Mammoth and Gardiner, Montana. You may also get cell phone reception near the North Entrance (Gardiner), the West Entrance (West Yellowstone) and the South Entrance from cell phone towers outside the park. The recent renovation of the Lake Hotel in 2014 added cell phone coverage, hard-wired internet in hotel rooms, and a business center with internet-enabled computers for visitor usage. The cell phone coverage was also increased in the Fishing Bridge area of Yellowstone Lake. Verizon has the strongest signal. AT&amp;T and Union Wireless also have coverage. CellularMaps.com provides a cell phone coverage map, updated in October 2014. Cell Phone Driving Tours Most phone apps that provide narrated tours use your phone’s GPS, not your data plan or WiFi. Such apps should work in most areas of the park. WiFi in Yellowstone Currently, there is no free wireless internet within Yellowstone National Park. At the Mammoth Dining Lounge, the Lake Hotel, and in the rooms at Grant Village, WiFi is available for purchase. Yellowstone Communications Plan In 2009, Yellowstone completed a plan for wireless communications in the park. The plan dictates that cell phone and wifi will only be allowed for visitor safety and to enhance park operations. It restricts towers, antennas, and wireless services to a few limited locations in the park, in order to protect park resources and limit the impact on park visitors.
SEKI had it in a few places and while a little slow it wasn't too bad. But you had to drive either to Road's Inn or that Wuksachi lodge.
Yeah way too general of a survey. Even if people filled it out, would you actually get useful information out of it? Useful enough to develop a product for marketing? (I assume that's what this is)
Between my watch barometer and the ability for the Delorme Inreach to request 3 day weather predictions, I'm not too worried about reading the weather.
Generally speaking spoiler threads get tagged with spoilers.
Considering that as far as the world knows, Rand is dead by the end of the series, I doubt that anything attributed to the Dragon Reborn would hint at what he does afterwards. Because as far as the world is concerned, there was no afterwards. Plus, Rand was never particularly poetic. He could play the flute, juggle, tumble a little (and the last two were more Mat's forte). So even the idea that he composed a poem and attributed it to his former, dead persona... Just doesn't seem right. If anyone wrote it, it was Thom. And even then the vernacular sounds more like something an Aiel would say.
Mine takes about 30 seconds to connect. I use android and there's a significant delay. One of these days I'll try patching it into the USB port and seeing if that speeds it up.
If you have a dehydrator this is a tasty red lentil curry recipe that I see no reason why you couldn't dehydrate it: http://allrecipes.com/recipe/16641/red-lentil-curry/ Make it, spread it thin on fruit rollup trays, dehydrate and break up into bark chips. On the trail make some rice and rehydrate the lentil curry and you're good to go. I love mashed chickpea salad. It's basically chunky hummus. You could probably cold-hydrate chickpeas, scallions, carrots, celery, etc... and then recosntitute everything. http://www.simple-veganista.com/2012/10/chickpea-salad.html I'm thinking with some forethought a lot of Indian food could be integrated into a backpacking meal.
There is a level of diminishing returns however. Strategically, you can spend top dollar and get fantastic performing gear. You can also spend top dollar on something and get only marginally better performance than something half as expensive again. Telling someone they need to buy a 1000 dollar sleeping bag to get started is going to scare most people away. At the end of the day, hike your own hike. I mean hell people spend 2000 dollars on stereo speaker cables. My problem is that people toss around suggestions for 500 dollar jackets and other extremely pricey items and never actually justify *why* dropping that kind of coin is preferable to a 100 dollar equivalent. It's actually gotten really bad on gear reviews. I've seen a multitude of reviews on some gear sites that literally are cut &amp; pastes from the sales literature. To the point that the "author" doesn't even pull out the mentions of the company speaking about itself. When I'm reading an article and the author says "We've taken great pains to ensure that this sleeping bag is the best we've ever made" and it's not a quote, it pisses me off. If I didn't exercise my own skepticism and hunt down *real* reviews, I could easily see dropping 10k on equipment when in reality 1-2k is far more reasonable. Also... &gt;if I want to spend $2000 on what becomes my home for days or weeks at a time For a serious backpacker 2k is not like super exotic. Most AT &amp; PCT hikers drop 1200-1400 on gear if memory serves for the through-hike. I probably have 1400 in gear if I added it all up.
“The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money. Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a foggy night by the feel of the cobbles. But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years' time, while the poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet. This was the Captain Samuel Vimes 'Boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness.” ― Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms
That's a possibility. If it happened we didn't see it happen and it was one of those moments where TDR was being crazy sauce and someone wrote it down.
I didn't sign a form. There's a lot of warning that chains are an issue. But there are alternatives. Autosocks I think should work. But you have to have some kind of chains *in* the car, even if you have snow tires on.
Or you know part of the portal's weave is to harden air just enough to keep it from rushing through. Or the portal has an air-based ward on it that permits everything *but* air through it?
It depends. It'll say in the owner's manual if you're going to use chains which set of wheels is most important. For example, my CVT '16 says: Make certain that any traction device you use is an SAE class S device, and use it on the front wheels only.
In all likelihood the authors just didn't think of it. But when we're talking about a world where you can magically rub someone out of existence in the past to undo things they do up to the present, I really think air pressure differential is not some insurmountable problem that couldn't be overcome.
Are you using stock tires? If not, they may be sized differently and can result in speedometer inaccuracies, which I imagine would also throw off gas mileage.
Adventures in Stoving has you covered fam https://adventuresinstoving.blogspot.com/2014/12/fuel-efficiency-jetboils-vs-regular.html
