I think it depends more on the monster than the profession.
Another way of looking at it is that when someone has a certain code of conduct, they are naturally drawn to the god that best represents those moral beliefs.
&gt; If you are an attractive female...that would be a plus! haha. But it's not necessary. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wol70cBLNd8
I'd read a book about vampire hunter hunters.
nice how many tacos did that buy you
But this 15-year first novel is going to make me rich...
Its not an agent or publisher's job to teach someone how to write.
That's one abusive relationship. In college I met a lot of "Started this novel in high school" types. And a lot of "restarted my novel in high school" types.
Independence Park has a farmer's market. It's along Irving Park and Springfield and held on Sundays.
Waiting for One Piece to finish has kept me alive for years.
You use the framing device in Name of the Wind to move time efficiently. How did you move time in the earlier drafts, before the framing device was established, and how effective was it in comparison?
I think they're cool.
Good. I forbid you from dying. Think of all the Fallout sequels you'll miss out on.
&gt; I hate having to fake happiness and I might as well get good at it I don't recommend this. Faking happiness really doesn't get people to like you. It makes you more tolerable on a superficial level of interaction, but can actually do damage when attempting to form real relationships. As for your problem, some people might be waiting for you to give more of yourself to them, to show some vulnerability. Sharing problems isn't usually about finding solutions. It's about finding things in common and building social rapport. A normal person complaining about their problems is not the same as a lonely person wanting to share more of themselves. The two types of people have completely different understandings of very similar behavior.
Time to start saving, save up that opiate money.
There's more to achieving happiness than fulfilling a list of criteria defined by other people. It sounds like you need to spend some time learning about yourself, to find out what to tinker and adjust in the machine that is your brain to find the optimal "happiness" setting.
Your advice is good, but sometimes authors cut off too much, or don't put in enough of what's important to the story. Not having the best possible story will hurt an author's chances more than a lack of standard word count adherence. It's a hard discussion to have so specifically since the talent and marketability of a debut novelist can cover such a broad range.
That's when you become a backpacker instead of a vagabond. :)
Why the switch
Yes this is what I meant, damn it.
If humans can be born with dwarfism, perhaps dwarves can be born with humanism.
WHAT A TIME
It's verbose and purple, and filled with those little unnecessary analogies that buzz around in your imagination like flies... 8) The first paragraph opens: &gt;Winter's breath dusted the landscape with icy snowdrifts. The stark trees quivered nakedly in the blistering swells of wind. Barren ridges of rock jutted out of gravel and dirt. Patches of grass were seldom seen and mostly dead. To the authors credit I looked at the second book and it seemed a bit better.
Hit me up
EGADS! He looks like a SFF writer!
You have great stories to tell but I feel like your writing needs some work. It would help if you learned more active language and storytelling skills. So many sentences start with dependent clauses and that makes it a bit tiring to read. You also rely heavily on transitive verbs and it makes it feel like you're telling a story about yourself, rather than putting your reader in the driver's seat with you. No disrespect of course. Just some friendly advice.
Perfumer by day, writer by night. I like the cut of your jib.
I want to die an old wrinkly child.
It was a little hard to read due to the language.
Not trying to put you down man! I wasn't sure if it was a stylistic choice or not. It's difficult to give advice like this, because I don't want to stomp out anything unique in your writing that might become something great later on, but I'll just give one example. Mind you, this is a very subjective sort of critique. &gt; Langden continued to tread down the road, until he came across a bridge. Immediately, you give us a character and sense of space. Awesome. &gt; He could only see because of the frequent lamp posts evenly spread on the path. A common alternative would be to imply that the reader is already knows we're viewing this scene from your protagonist's perspective. This makes "He could only see" a bit redundant, unless there is something specifically unique about your character's sense of sight. Often times once the reader is in your protagonist's point of view, you can just go on with descriptions and assume your reader will know who it's coming from. If you used, "Lanterns, evenly spaced, were the only road's source of light." We would know Langen is seeing this. He's the only character in the scene so far! An alternative is to move the pronoun to add superior mental imagery. Here's a couple lines from the intro of a Sanderson novel: "Wax peeked up over the knotted boards, scanning the empty town. **Blue lines hovered in his vision,** extending from his chest to point at nearby sources of metal, a result of his Allomancy." He doesn't say, "He could see blue lines..." Instead he turns the visuals into the subject. I don't think there's anything wrong about pronoun subject use, in fact Sanderson does that exact thing in The Alloy of Law's first paragraph, but the repetitious use of it can wear your reader out.
Wow that's incredible!
Sounds dirty.
Dang can't a guy pass out on the beach without photos being taken
You'll have to drive up to Wisconsin and try them for yourself.
A shitload of these apply to me. I am destined for greatness.
just like your post history
I'll be in the neighborhood come August.
&gt; I was using generalising terms and referring to pop cultural trends where all this is the standard and always has been. How is "idiot who can swing the biggest stick" anywhere near the standard? You're not generalizing, you're making a strawman argument.
I know exactly what a strawman argument is. I'm not trying to belittle or insult you. I just don't think your point is a very good one. However I respect your decision not to reply further. We can agree to disagree.
You're off to a good start. I like the switching POV and age difference between the two. I'd love to see some stronger verbs and descriptions to get a more "immediate" sense of the scene. I get a feeling there's a lot more you're imagining that isn't making it to the page! Keep up the practice and the good work.
Damn dude, do you really need that much socks?!
Don't worry, you're still in the prologue chapter of your life. Once you get to Chapter 1, the part where you move out and start experiencing the vast wide world, you'll get real chances to start over again, to make your life a whole lot better.
I think the anker 14w solar charger is the most 'efficient' price-wise. You'll need to get a good external battery to handle charging a laptop though, the solar panel won't do much on its own. Check out the Anker Astro Pro 2, but the old silver version which has a 19v dc port.
You know your stuff, man. I noticed that the same device was being sold by Voltaic (as 'v72') and Anker. Can you recommend a good portable solar panel around 25w that doesn't cost too much? [Apparently this thing is only about 2.5 lbs](http://www.amazon.com/Instapark%C2%AE-Mercury27-Portable-Automotive-Batteries/dp/B00EVFEBKU), but I'd like to know of any cheaper options. Or would the typical 14w anker panel be enough? I feel like it would take 10-15 hours to charge a 20,000mah battery. [This solar panel backpack attachment](http://www.voltaicsystems.com/fuse10w) looks interesting too, but again, too pricey imo, and 10w seems pretty low for the battery provided.
Have fun storming the castle.
Will we ever see more of Lacra? I really liked that story.
I think you should be braver to drop us into your story and world without all the exposition sentences sharing us backstory and telling us what's going on. The whole first paragraph is suspect.
Do you stay near water sources? How meticulously do you budget your caloric intake?
[The Eye of Argon, a high fantasy classic.](http://www-users.cs.york.ac.uk/~susan/sf/eyeargon/eyeargon.htm)
I was stunned at how uninteresting The Legacy was. It almost read like fanfiction of The Dark Elf Trilogy.
