Ontario as well I assume the rest of Canada but I don't know that for sure
And the order is shoot to kill
Could you get some of him singing or playing guitar in the video if you do? I was really hoping we would hear some
Hell when I made big changes and it dropped 10 lbs of water weight the first week that was enough for me to get going. 30 lbs in 3 months now. Aiming for 80 by the end of the year. That will put me at 190
Smartserve in Ontario (all of Canada?) can't work in any place that serves alcohol without it. Can be taken online though and the cert is mailed to you. And yes, there are rules regarding how much you can serve a person, at least in a certain time period. I've been warned about being cut off in bars before, they more or less forced me to wait it out, or buy food before they would give me more.
The best part is, iirc someone mentioned that this would be a shower thought within a day.
Probably like most recipes of this type, they don't taste like shit, but they also aren't "good", but it's better than most alternatives so it gets described as amazing.
I probably look stupid here, but can you tell me what movie this is from? I feel like I should know but can't place it
You'd think if it was life changing you'd never forget the location?
And everyone act like 5 was never a thing :)
Toy Story 1 is horrible (imo) compared to 2 and 3. I didn't like it when it was the only one in the series.
Also in Lawless. I feel like nobody has seen that movie or something, never gets mentioned. I loved it. He was kind of an annoying character since he was such a bitch, but he played the role awesomely.
You posted this 7 hours after the top post got it right and you got the gold? What an awful world we live in. (congrats)
Might want to check your CPU, a new gpu isn't always going to be all you need.
No you don't need all that at all. All you need is a calorie deficit, If you do you lose weight that's all there is. The only factor is how big the deficit controls how fast you lose. I'm down 32 lbs since March 20th and I don't even count calories (I did for a couple weeks until I got a handle on how much I can eat) It's actually picked up steam in the last couple weeks with 11lbs lost in the last 17 days. Honestly, it's easy peasy lemon squeazey.
LPT:if someone is holding something in their hand, shake their other fucking hand
If it's a hill climb you have a point. Otherwise momentum doesn't mean anything unless he would have to slow a lot. To be fair you do see it most on hills where the lighter load will be passing up Hill and heavier will gain ground down hill
Looking for one legged man to make hops
If you already purchased it once you shouldn't have to "buy it again" ? I can redownload any app/game I've bought ever in my android history.
Where have I heard that before
Wow that's fucking bullshit. CLEARLY got there before the tag. The only thing they could say is he was still tagged the millisecond he had his left hand off the base
Glad someone called out the no hitter right before this inning started.
Funny you say slow when on his last hit the exact words were "Colabello is too fast"
ok
"just" over an hour ago
Same problem. Psn and their Friday night updates. Can't do it on fucking Wednesday morning or something
I don't even know what the hell I'm looking at. Buy a new tv son
We're on reddit, got about a 50/50 chance of it being true
You should dabble in real country music, not the bullshit that has been played for the last 20 odd years (I'm a pretty big fan of a lot of stuff from the 90's and a LOT of stuff from the 60's-70s)
Can't believe it's come to a point where games with no release date can be preordered. It could be 16 months away
Hooot Pockets "You're a genius here's a 100 million dollars" "Now we need a jingle for our mexican market" "uhhh...Caliente pockets?" "How do you do it?!"
I'm pretty sure you can. You can pull the goalie for a player and put him back in on the fly so not sure why you couldn't switch goalies.
The shits/the flu
Got the shits or the flu
&gt;Capitalize on this SHIT I see what you did there
Yeah, fuck him for being sick.
Oh gotcha
I wonder why these type of ads aren't automatically blocked by adblock? I'm already running it.
Ad block doesn't block these ads without custom rules.
I hear this all the time regarding fallout and it is such bullshit. First of all there are VERY few co-op games and co-op games of this quality basically don't exist. Secondly, how exactly does co-op affect the game? With a second person following you around you would still experience the exact same game and story they would just be experiencing the same thing as well. Like EVERY other co-op game whether you play by yourself or with a friend the story doesn't change. Finally, it wouldn't affect you at all. Clearly you wouldn't want to play co-op, so you wouldn't and therefore having that mode has no affect on your experience of the game.
Nothing more comfortable than a plane seat...
Good thing Collabello switched to basically walking halfway down the baseline. That's why I like players that hustle, you never know what could happen.
lol Dickey
Very unlikely, even though he's barely a major league level pitcher anymore
Is it though? I could be wrong I suppose as I'm certainly not a diehard baseball fan and only really started watching every game in the last year but watched sporadically for the last 5+. He's regressed every season that he has been with Toronto and while he might have one really good game every 8-10 or so usually the most you can hope for is him to not to be responsible for the loss. So at best he's an inning eater and at worst he's a home run giving machine. Also how many 40+ year olds arent questionable big leaguers? He certainly shouldn't be the anchor of a rotation anymore.
Yeah it was much better to do this than to just stay with Loup. He's only good for two pitches. Fucking useless manager
You must forfeit? Has it ever happened?
Yeah, but I'm kind of saying if you literally didn't have anyone left for whatever crazy reasons. I know it would pretty much be impossible to go through all 5 starters and bullpen as well as the bench.
Yeah, but it would basically have been a reskin/update of Fifa 13, 12, 11, 10,9, 8, 7 or whatever the last actual game was that was developed for the system. Its not like a whole new game/engine was created for the system.
My favourite ones are pictures of random objects that say "The new fat fighter" or "super food" and it's like a jelly fish.
