Oh fuck. RIP
Well, it was a no. Thankfully they're only in our work this week and two floors up. Will help stop any awkwardness hopefully. Shame as it would have been nice to speak to them and just get to know them more. Oh well, we move on.
The e-mail from Valke (sp?) is what did I think. There was no solid proof before that. That tipped it.
Yeah, they crumbled in my hands quite easily. Disappointing. No doubt due to the changes in salt allowed in food. Shame as I loved to indulge in them even though they were bad for you.
Superb.
Because of the exposure due to their cup run? Good to see anyway
Please come to Pittsburgh we have space and top four opportunities
Argentina? Are you for real? Also Mexico have had it twice already.
He went down like he was shot
DBC:14 is still £44 on Amazon. This saddens me. Although I have it on PS3, I use a PS4 now.
GAME.
I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay, I sleep all night and I work all day.
I live right by the seafront though and never heard a thing, let alone see one.
Same. Shame to see him go East
Why did Button get a penalty?
The Libyan migrants are really pushing the boat out now.
We all know that we should be collecting them, giving them a shave and a meal and then sending them back to Libya. We're too soft though and soon there will be an influx of people coming from North Africa into this country which we can do nothing about. If you want proof that we're too soft, look at those stowaways that were found in Harwich dock recently. They were released and **given asylum if they wanted to stay**. Of course they're going to take it, why do you think they've gone through all that. They should have been returned to the first safe country. But, we're too soft. Need a strong leader or UKIP will do better next time round. Whilst I don't agree that everything, like Housing and the NHS is because of immigrants they are the main cause. Especially when once the people are settled they can bring their family over I believe.
He'll stand as an Independent then switch to labour half way through.
I hearby banish you, begone!
There's is a reason those teams didn't qualify.. They weren't good enough. 32 is fine.
How does that work? If they weren't good enough to qualify now they would have less chance with fewer teams.
Ha that would be something.
Channel doesn't show in my country. :(
Sadly, yes.
GOSH?
Need an arena no?
Someone from across my road does this. We've said if she does it again we'll call the police. She doesn't like she is able to process what we say as she is quite simple. I mean, she visits her mother from 7-10 every day, without fail. She has no job and just does that. Her parents aren't ill and don't need constant looking after.
This is a parallel universe, right?
Rashid you beauty!
I really would love to see the Sun to be at the top of the Gerkhin.
His patsy will win in his stead.
Yes.
The saltiness of Rubina Khan was glorious.
Baffled by those that think she should get custody. She abducted her son. If the father did this he would be done for kid-napping. Reading about it as well sounds like she has some issues and needs help.
Chocolate has gone downhill badly in this country.
If someone is provoking you then they're doing it for a reaction. The bigger people don't react because you will just get into trouble yourself. Let the other people make fools of themselves if they want, don't rise to it.
So, I guess he reckons he has a mandate again? Fuck off you scrawly bastard.
Willey did brilliant for Northants last week. Good to see him in the side.
Abandon the game. Would be the right thing to do.
New Zealand won't lose this now. Too settled. Reckon 303/5
Plenty of time.
That six killed us.
Well done Kiwi's
I am assuming there are some police there. He can stop and get help from them.
Spurs would love him but I don't see Mourinho selling him to them.
Someone doesn't get satire.
Come on Bolts, make it go to 7.
Yeah, there is a chance it doesn't make Day 5 but I'd rather have tickets if it does. Worse case scenario it doesn't and I get my money back. Reassuring that the last three tests there have gone to 5 days.
I'm really hoping it goes the distance. Would be incredible to see England win on that day.
If a referee does bad you don't a use your position on the pitch and make a scene. You accept it and move on. Make a complaint after. I don't agree with three months though. 3 games would be fine, as if it was a straight red for violent conduct, not that it was violent.
