Yeah man, this is really not the time to argue the difference between a pedophile and a child molester.
To me it felt clear Weir didn't put a lot of thought into his structure and literary choices, and that's why I didn't like the book. It was laziness or lack of experience that shaped the story and not deliberate thought.
It's more about nicer hotels/places having the resources to react quickly to bedbugs and get rid of them before they have the chance to spread (too much).
Depends on the office. Some go Obama style and read a sample of letters/emails, many get a tally of for/against on a hot topic. Most correspondences don't reach the elected official in any way. But that's okay. Legislative offices have evolved from the Congressperson, an advisor, and a secretary - into the modern office full of people. Everyone bitches about politicians working just to get re-elected, which is untrue to various degrees, but you can be damn sure everyone else in the Congressional office is working on behalf of their district or State. Their incentive to do a good job is to move up in the DC labrynth or to move back home with a lot of good connections. People don't like selfish assholes, even in DC. Look at what's happening to Ted Cruz and all these colleagues coming out to say what a fuckwad he is. A Capitol Hill staffer who doesn't do a good job, and doesn't actually consider the ramifications of what they're working on in terms of who they're supposed to be working for (making the Congressperson look good to their constituents) will not be trusted with anything. TL;DR your elected official is more like an elected office. Worry less about the one asshole at the top and consider the assholes it surrounds itself with too.
I'm sure your mom was helping him and keeping him alive/not paralyzed, but please edit out the bit about the motorcyclist swallowing his tongue. Swallowing your tongue is something that can't physically happen. The belief that it can causes lots of lost fingers or broken teeth or actual choking when people shove something in an unconscious/seizing person's mouth to prevent them from "swallowing their tongue". Thanks!
Yes, but you don't fix that by putting an object into a person's mouth, as is commonly assumed. The phrase implies a wrong course.of action. Just say the man's airway was obstructed instead. These things make a difference.
That doesn't make much sense though. Aging is mostly just slow minor damage that doesn't get repaired. How come the organs, including skin, get repairs but not other things? Also, if you keep regressing until age 2 then things have to get repaired at some point. Like, your bones shrink and then regrow, so that should repair them, right?
Is ING a decent bank anyway? Like, if I was looking for one to use.
Awesome. Now fight /u/knightoblivion !
RemindMe! 2 days Donatio
Yeah but after you use it can you just get a normal haircut?
That's not bare hands. Thats shitty hands.
I feel like this is a decision every Norwegian child has to make in their life.
I'll find the perfect diet for no wipe dumps.
It's random. Sunflower seed appears on a boss floor at a decent rate, but it's not guaranteed.
They could be supportive of Trump in office because they think it will lead to the reduction of executive powers.
Answering my own question: yes, it does work. The book corpse might disappear from the floor you're on, but it'll eventually show up and it might be a different book corpse.
Shame you have the worst of both options though.
I mean, those people were right. It took a fucking war to abolish slavery, and that happened because the South merely thought Lincoln was going to try to abolish it.
Do you really think no one is trying? There are political groups and people in DC trying every day to establish single payer. Their progress, or lack of it, is how leading healthcare policy experts know that it's impossible.
I'll also use a zero egg on a floor sometimes if the mobs are getting too hard.
Make sure youre killing the mushrooms in the right order. Also, magic vine will hit the boss for 10% of the bosses health if it hits within a few turns of a mushroom dying.
I agree. It would be better to ask why the other 98 non-NJ senators voted against the amendment. Let congressmen protect the big industries and by extension their constituents in their state. Focus on convincing the other congressmen from other states.
Sweet, good to know.
Yeah.
RemindMe! 2 days Donation
You're seeing that on hard?
&gt; People were up in arms during the Bush administration over the invasion of Iraq, but then completely went to sleep during the Obama years because of his party affiliation and slick PR, despite Obama getting involved in conflicts in even more countries than Bush did. The difference is that Bush started the conflicts whereas Obama got involved in conflicts that sprung up or that he inherited while he happened to be in office. And dropping bombs is less likely to create dissent than sending American troops to invade a country. As a disclaimer, I know you can argue that Obama started the military action in some countries, like Yemen, but I'll refer you to my second sentence.
I think the ACA and PP examples were a response to the question asked about policies, not an example of what makes Trump sexist. Couple different conversations happening ITT.
First off, the amount of bombs dropped is a ridiculous thing to bring up. Its not a measurement of anything except money spent. You can drop a hundred bombs and not kill a single person or you can send a convoy of soldiers down a highway and they're all blown up by IEDs. Second, who started it is in fact a valid critique. If Bush had invaded Afghanistan in December, 2000, people would wonder wtf is wrong with him. But doing it after 9/11 makes sense and almost no one protested his actions. So, bin Laden started that. Bush invading Iraq made less sense to Americans and that's why more people protested his invasion there. As the wars went on, more people protested because the exit plan became increasingly unlikely. Then there were less protests against Obama because by that time the drawdown of troops in Iraq was underway. He increased troops on Afghanistan after it became clear that that war, the one most people supported, was not going well. Since he didn't start that war, only wanted to make sure that was a success, most Americans were fine with his plan. So yes, geopolitical conflicts can sometimes be justified with seemingly childish arguments. But in the context of this discussion about why people didn't protest Obama's military actions as much as Bush's, they are valid arguments. Partly because people are childish.
&gt; You better belief that inspires dissent. Terrorism too. You're right. I was only referring to American dissent in my OP. Unknown foreigners dying are less likely to bother Americans than American soldiers dying. Maybe it should be different, but that's a different conversation I guess.
You mean the alley behind the bar?
I'm well aware of what Obama has done to other countries. I approve of the use of drones to kill citizens in other countries to further the interests of the USA. So no, nothing you said addresses what I said about the difference between the Bush and Obama uses of force and how that would impact the size and frequency of American citizens protesting against the different administrations use of force.
No, but I prefer living in a world where the country in power doesn't (currently) kill political dissidents in their own country. That's a good baseline imo.
The text is full. Negotiations are over. The only thing that can be done at this stage is for countries to either ratify or reject the agreement. It's clear from your statement that you know nothing of laws or law making.
"Some people are saying, I don't know, but some people are saying. I'm just saying it could be true, we dont know, but some people are saying Trump was peed on by Russian hookers. I'm sure he's a great person, he just likes pee." That's what you sound like. Just replace the nouns.
&gt; I file taxes both as a business (3D Animation), and as a person (owner of 3D animation business.) But you don't. The business is a separate legal entity, which is the whole point. A business owner does not get to claim all of their businesses taxes as their contribution to the government because other people also contribute to the value of that business. I agree there's little value in seeing Trump's personal tax returns though and can understand why he doesn't want the headlines that would result from releasing them. I don't care about them, but it ended up being a bigger deal in the campaign because he didn't release them. And in the end everyone knew or thought that he didn't pay any personal income taxes anyway.
His followers are a minority of the population and they will never be convinced to stop being a follower. The goal for Democrats is to hype up the non-followers, and it's far easier to get traction with "Trump is a liar" than "Trump signed an executive order that may not impact you but here's what might happen if it does impact you." The worse thing for Trump's opposition is if they hype up one of his policies as something that will take away their healthcare or lose them their home... and then it never happens. That takes away their credibility. A lie that can be 100% proven is always good to highlight. Unless Trump gets an abortion or snuggles some immigrants across the border. That might lose him some followers, but no guarantee on that.
Assuming thats real, that plan may backfire. It's harder to pass laws when the public face of those laws isn't popular. Or even if Trump goes all WILD CARD BITCHES and increases funding for inner city programs because he bought some real estate there.
Chiming in to say I didn't have any spiritual feelings on LSD, not even a "greater connection" to life or anything. Felt more introspective though. All brains are weird and fucking with brains does even weirder stuff. It's all perfectly logical.
&gt; Meanwhile, trump signs the framework to dismantle obamacare and sucks all the oxygen away from discussion about his controversial cabinet picks. Your overall statement might make sense if people weren't also talking about his weird speech at the CIA, the marches on Saturday, the possible impacts of his executive orders, and spent weeks discussing his cabinet picks. It's possible to pay attention to more than one thing at a time. And the "average American" who doesn't follow politics will only see headlines anyway. 50 different headlines about different topics will be seen more than 50 of the same headline.
I mean, the thread was asking for anecdotes. None of them, positive or negative, could really be proven.
&gt; pool of potential candidates mostly comes from people with political influence That's a bit of a tautology. People gain political influence by being active in politics, and being active in politics is a requirement to being a candidate for President. Obama is the most recent example of a non-politician running for President simply by having the shortest amount of time of being active in politics. He certainly didn't come from money or having a political family.
But how would you know they wouldn't just kill everyone anyway? Thats never specified. At least in option one you know one person will survive.
The gif is kinda grainy, but I'm pretty sure I saw a shoe come off. That means she's dead I'm afraid.
There were other mass "barbarian" migrations during the rise and height of the Roman Empire that didn't destroy it (obviously). It's more that the success of the immigrating tribes was symptomatic of Romes decline, and their inability to deal with thease tribes, than they were the cause of the decline. The straw on the camels back shouldn't be considered the major factor in breaking in. There's good arguments about how much the immigration of the tribes contributed, but I get the feeling the guy in the picture doesn't have them.
Truly, your username is accurate.
&gt; Not trying to be a conspiracy theorist Well, you failed.
&gt; I say this because I see people on both sides pointing fingers at "the enemy" while they are guilty of the same. It's like a race to the bottom where no one even notices they are just as bad a steh ones they complain about. Take a week and count how many times you see each side (of whatever topic you want) do it. It's rarely comparable. Don't mistake seeing one of each side doing it as proof that all sides do it just as much. As OP said, this is a verifiable fact that you can check yourself.
Nope. But it's also annoying that idiots like that provide a great strawman for Trump supporters who can pretend everyone who disagrees with them looks and acts like that.
