I did. Half the time their machine is busted so they ain't counting it manually. I hope other banks have functioning machines
Cool, silly of me not to make more use of my power as a consumer! Edit: make noise while carrying 3 piggy banks' EXACTLY why I loathe to go after a few untoward incidents!
calm ur panties its just a rant. i drive and i hardly use public transport and tolls cause of where i live.
you looking for someone on a freelance or permanent basis?
Michael Ricketts
Wow how unprofessionally inept can you get trying to copy three (or maybe more?) works in a row and not get caught?
lol arouse.
Tabletop games? Geeky? Oh come on I've got female friends aged 27 28 and 29 which are all my boardgame kakis! Not all girls are like that trust me... i have a another group who actively plays monopoly deal and sushi go too if they're not that into the more intense types!
If you're coming from a retail background I'd suggest you to try wobb.com. Jobstreet and Linkedin are particularly good for the old-fashioned white collar kinda office work.
Green Dot Stables at Centerpoint BU is pretty good. No shitty loud music and what-not.
well, if it is expensive then why the fuck are they there to begin with? asshats
At a store with cctv on every aisle? Not a smart move.
is this some kinda joke?
lol... are u really who i think u r
NYE party at KL i got drunk and called my good friend names (even the H word) mostly out of spite due to rejection. Got into an altercation outside the club and she's punishing me for being a twat by cutting off ties for 6 months or a year not sure if she's srs about it or if it's things she said at the heat of the moment.
Yup. Apologizing is the first step. Waiting for her to... well..... takes time. It's the 2nd time we've had this confrontation.
Steamed biyotch. Any time. Get a whole chicken leg, rub some salt on it, steam it over an empty plate and let the inner juices form the chicken essence. Absolute haven.
Either everyone's still hungover from NYE celebrations, or that KL Sentral seemed 'quieter' than usual.... at least that's what I've noticed.
beats me... some people just want to watch the world burn
You might wanna try RGB &amp; The Bean Hive. It's quietly tucked away within a neighborhood of bungalows, less than 15 minutes drive from KLCC. In fact the place itself is a conversion of a bungalow to a coffee place. If ur looking for calm and quiet you have to give this place a go. I'd recommend getting on Uber or GrabCar.
Trust me, we are from the same generation. My dad would just rip a branch off and whip the shit out of me when I misbehaved. Once i hid his signature cane, he improvised and borrowed my mom's 3 foot ruler. My dad obliterated my FIFA 2001 CD just because I played it during weekdays. Anyhoo, point is, we're not far off in terms of crap we get from parents for doing shit. But personally for me I do believe it made me a much more decent adult.
This article is full of shit. All it said was replace lowest temperature with most erratic weather. Coverage.my is a stupid clickbait website. Of the times I've read their article nearly all of them were misleading and provocative.
thanks for the clarification. have an upvote.
Am thinking of freelance...i guess I'll start with website first? Coding seems so complicated.
If ur working at the upstream then yes, it may be wobbly for the next couple of years at least. If downstream, not so much. Still steady.
Don't you just hate roads that get jammed for the shittiest reason? I travel back from work everyday through Jalan Istana from Bangsar. More often than not, the traffic is terrible, and you know why? Coz further up near the Sungai Besi highway, the roads start splitting wildly into many exits and every other vehicle slows down just to figure out which is where.
Can u be more specific? What exactly are ur interests?
Public transportation coverage is not the best. I drive myself and its much more convenient to get from one place to another especially after work when u have plans with other ppl. It saves a lot of time planning and the time taken to wait for the next bus/train would probably be the same as being stuck in a jam. Though i must say public transportation on weekends would be much more practical.
Lee Dixon - Michael Owen
urm...d-uh?
we're on the same boat. I really hate flying, because of turbulence and that I have no control over what's happening. The last bad experience I had was that it was raining like hell over at KLIA, that the runway was too slippery that when we landed the first time we couldn't brake in time so the plane had to take off, make another turn and landed on the 2nd attempt. Surprisingly there wasn't any turbulence during the whole ordeal, but the thought itself was terrifying as hell.
Good grief...I'd probably be less anxious if u were next to me in flights. U remind me of a friend who once sat beside me during a roller coaster ride. Everyone was busy screaming their lungs out and this guy just sat there forgetting to bring his fuck he left at home.
Yeah!
So u got a the renewal and road tax FOC?
The misdirection is strong in this one
That's what i suspect too... iirc, the Johor prince mentioned something about meeting with dissidents to face to face if they have beef with him. I really doubt that he was the one who lodged a report over this matter. I hope this news reaches him and pardons the poor dude.
Have u even tried googling EDIT: try iproperty or ibilik
Agreed. I know Jiban's an a$$ but he's not that dumb to bankrupt the whole country.
I got my saga back in 2010. I guess i was one of the luckier ones? I've not had any major issues associated with sagas. I love that car.
Well, reporting is an understatement... I've seen countless times the Star going full ball-licking (only NST tops it as an English daily), one example being when they "misquoted" a certain CEO from Leaderonomics years ago when he was asked to compare between CSL and LGE. Instead of misquoting they completely rephrased what he said into praising u know who and dissing u know who.
Its on local news and u don't know what this press conference is about? Try reading the star since they're the best butt scrubbers.
These things happen. I have an inch Crack on my phone too and i have no idea where it came from. Same thing with scars on ur body
I'm just curious here... has anyone of u guys actually met a Bangladeshi with a Malaysian IC?
Tell that to the ppl who consider Jap as an ethnic slur.
Another example as to why r/malaysia had a recent influx of turds.
Dude, be realistic. Anything less than RM70 u might as well get mobile data and tether it to ur laptop.
Agreed. Like that i can tell u don't simply buy stuff it's taxpayers money also lah
Exactly. Don't get me started with ppl on Facebook sharing shit like these.
sorry for being a dick. cant say I've heard about XOX.... but mobile wise I'm using umobile. they've got this data plan for RM50++ @ 5GB with some allowances on calls and shit... which is pretty ok. They recently upgraded their plans with streaming on youtube free as well.. do check out u mobile.
well it certainly got OP riled up.../s
