Xur has sold TLW at least 4 times. How about Red Death? Or Oversoul Edict? Both will wreck people just as hard as hand cannons.
Meh, they combined Sansa's story with Theon's so it's a real stark instead of Jayne whats-her-face. I actually like the changes the show has made. IMHO GRRM has completely lost control of this series. He's turning into Robert Jordan.
I agree, definitely not grimoire score. It's not your Crucible gamer score either. Maybe hours logged? I have no idea.
Lol maybe, Sanderson IS my favorite fantasy author these days. I was thinking about the changes after last week's episode and I was trying to figure out if Feast and ADWD actually pushed the plot forward at all when I realized I couldn't even identify the plot of ASoIaF. I'm not even sure if it ever had one.
Hand cannons just need another range nerf. They should be short-range weapons only. IMHO TLW is fine since it has such short effective range, but Thorn is still too effective at range.
All of them.
If you're having trouble maybe a pulse or scout rifle would be better suited to that situation. All primaries should be most effective at a specific range. If one is best-in-class over multiple ranges then there is a problem. HCs - Short Range AR/Pulse - Mid Range Scout Rifles - Long Range
My TLW is basically worthless at medium or greater range. Yes I can still hit them, but I do such little damage I have virtually no chance at getting the kill unless they're incredibly bad.
You can get the Oversoul Edict from the Abyss in HM Crotas End, which can easily be soloed now.
Can't confirm that, but I've seen every other IB weapon drop except the fusion rifle so far.
Likewise, I play with a friend who is also level 34. I have the higher grimoire score and crucible score, but she has vastly more hours logged than I do. We seem to trade off who holds the flag randomly, but it's nearly always one of the 2 of us.
Except that mixes them in with every other primary, yet they have ridiculous impact to go with it.
:shrug: I mean, you're right, you could attack the imbalance any number of ways. That's really the issue at hand, each weapon class has weapons within it that vary greatly in the way they perform. That's why this game will likely never have true balance as some weapons within each class are outliers. But like you said, you can switch between any of the primaries in PVE and not really lose any effectiveness. Gjallarhorn is vastly more powerful than any other rocket launcher but you never see PVEers complaining about it because they're not stuck at the receiving end. In PVP it's only average, so it hasn't been nerfed. Exotics can remain outliers and still be "balanced" in PVP because you can only ever use one at a time.
Last year I made it my new years resolution to read the whole thing. The hate is justified. It started out average (first book is a massive rip-off of LOTR), but then got mildly interesting. Then around book 5 he lost complete control of the series. You would read entire books where literally nothing happens. Some books only had a handful of Rand chapters. Frankly, I'm amazed that Sanderson saved it as well as he did.
Unless it's in PVP, which is what IB weapons are designed for... I wouldn't pass up the opportunity to get that roll on GD unless I absolutely had to. It will be a beast.
D&amp;D are both huge fans of the series, that's how they got the job in the first place.
Small damage buff to AR's and SR's and a slight range reduction to HC's. IMHO.
What makes you think they aren't? They're constantly listening to us and he's told us that many times over. Weapon balancing doesn't happen over night.
How is it from the hip? Because if it's a regular fusion from the hip but also accurate at range I could see how that could be really advantageous.
The counter to Thorn is Red Death, not more Thorns. IMHO.
TLW has virtually no aim assist and a very low mag size compared to its fire rate. It is an extremely high skill cap weapon. Anyone who has actually used one would know this.
I'm confident that's how this is supposed to work.
I had them and dismantled them before I realized they don't even give you ascendant shards. And now they're gone forever.
The most likely explanation is insane plot armor.
Super hard to aim, but it's a lot of fun when you nail it.
Shooting someone with TLW at range (as in, scout rifle range) essentially feels like you're just tickling them. 9/10 you'll lose that battle to anything but another HC. If you're using aggressive ballistics you might as well not even bother.
I don't know how much of the outcry is from PVPers to be honest, this topic always comes around when IB is up, which is when the PVEers all try for the loot. Most PVP guys I know don't really care that much about nerfing Thorn. They either use it because they like it or they deal with it in other ways. It isn't the end all be all weapon that a lot of people make it out to be.
too soon, man. too soon.
GRRM gives off a bit of a George Lucas vibe to me, which I hope I'm wrong about. I feel like one day he could just get fed up and say "You know what? Fuck you guys. I'm out." Thankfully we have the HBO series that is guaranteed to be finished so we'll never not know how all our favorite characters die in gruesome detail.
I honestly have no idea, lol. It's the gun I use 95% of the time in the Crucible, I feel like I know it pretty well.
The game is $20 and comes with a full month's worth of sub ($15 worth) and you get a random limited time item that you can sell for major cash on the AH. I'd say it's a good time to jump in.
You're doing god's work. Saved me a lot of headache.
The montage was for sure PS4 graphics.
Don't feel bad. If you were a Gunslinger you wouldn't have to worry about it because you never have it after you die mid-animation :)
IMHO the only game that has done well in this genre has completely gone outside the box, Destiny. It's a shared world FPS with lots of MMO tendencies and it is killing it right now. The subreddit is over 170k subscribers, which is quickly approaching WoW's subreddit level. I think Greg is absolutely right that you can't build a better WoW than WoW, you have to go a completely different direction.
The $500 million wasn't for just the first game...
Recent Lucasarts history would suggest it would have looked amazing in promos but then been really short and shitty.
Went in expecting Star Wars. Left profoundly disturbed.
You are literally doing god's work.
It is way too big for Control and Clash. Maybe if it was 12 v 12 it would work. I've never played a round on Bastion where we won before the time ran out.
If only it was just other kids. But I guess man-children still count.
It's a top tier pvp hunter exotic, no question. I'd much rather have constant tripmines out than an extra golden gun shot.
No idea why you were downvoted, throwing knives aren't counted as melee kills for any bounty.
They aren't mutually exclusive. Taking away the power of the confederate flag is a much simpler issue than racists with legally obtained firearms and no moral compass.
That build is kind of worthless now (a whole lot less ammo available to pick up so the scavenger perk is useless now), but the Spine is still good. You quickly learn the most effective places to guard each control point with a tripmine to ensure kills. Most people don't see them until it's too late. Although all you assholes running max armor are ruining our fun. And shotgun users that sprint past them, grr.
Yeah but considering what it used to be, ehhh. People used to drop ammo boxes every time they died, sometimes multiple boxes. And special ammo boxes were freaking everywhere to pick up.
Bro, do you even NDT?
Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?
I don't think anyone was complaining about the physical items though, were they? I thought everyone was losing their shit over not getting the emotes and class items?
I just wish people would stop lumping TLW in with Thorn as if it's totally OP as well. It's only really good in extremely short ranges and it has a tiny mag with almost no aim assist. It's certainly no better than Red Death at medium range or MIDA at long range. That to me says it is balanced. Then again I don't think Thorn is that unbalanced either. I think if they changed it so the DoT couldn't actually kill someone it would be fine. But to be honest if they actually nerfed the hand cannon range it would probably be for the best. Hand Cannons should be short-range weapons only, the fact that they outperform all the medium range weapon classes (ARs/PRs) should not be happening in PVP or PVE.
