And what do you do when your commander gets shuffled into your deck and then exiled from the top of your library with [[Pyxis of Pandemonium]]? You aren't allowed to look at the face down cards but IF your commander is exiled it you're allowed to move it to the command zone instead of leaving it in exile. (note I'm not actually sure what happens here, the rules don't address it if you can't look at the card) Commander has obscure rules situations. You're technically meant to still have to "track" the commander in your library even if you could somehow have another copy of it. You could have it with a mark or something on the face side of the card for example.
I want to know why we can only have 5 medallions of iron. If you want to throw me into match after match in progress or against fireteams of 5/6 and you DON'T expect me to quit how about letting me at least always get a medallion. I've started to just swap characters if I get to 5 medallions and I've already finished my bounties for the day. I've gone 9 games straight losing every one between all the issues. Best of all half the time I even face a full fireteam they aren't even that amazingly good, I just have completely incompetent teammates and/or the other fireteam consists of 3+ red bars that might as well be invulnerable. I told myself that they must have thought they couldn't give us more than 5 because well what if someone saves a bunch for next Iron Banner but we can already do that with bounties AND if that was a concern you could just wipe them after the event.
I know that's right with how it currently works, my point was that unless they change the rules somehow it makes cards that require (C) mana to effectively be much easier to use in commander than in any other type of magic. Normally if I have an Urborg and Island I'd still need a wastes or other source of (C) to cast spells requiring (C) mana or to activate (C) abilities. In commander however with an Island and Urborg if my commander does not have black in it's color identity I can now suddenly create (C) mana with any lands I have. I'm curious if the rules might in some way be changed such that instead of creating colorless (C) mana these sort of effects will create generic mana which would effectively make everything work the same as other formats albeit in a somewhat confusing way.
I don't understand. What are all of these other attack methods before the melee follow up? Melee is the only option. Granted "melee" frequently includes shoulders and knees to the face.
We absolutely need a new commander rules committee. It seems like every time this group does anything to change the rules they just make things worse. It's complete BS and there's no accountability for them. NOBODY I've ever heard complained about fetches. Also hasn't wizards them self said they're unhappy with how the color identity rules work and want them to be less restrictive?
As someone who never knew this site existed...what did it do? Did it just tell you if the game was up or not?
It's fairly important for things like being able to play Urborg in any deck to make any of your lands produce colorless if they normally produce no mana. Also prevents certain cards from completely hosing tons of people if they change your lands types like [[Blood moon]]
It makes the new colorless lands a lot better in commander when they're already pretty amazing at least.
Why? It affects the whole table and thus in many cases benefits everyone whenever anyone plays it out. I don't feel like it's really unfair in any way. It's a colorless land that enables your lands to tap for colored mana as well as all your opponents, even better for opponents that are actually playing black.
My friend and I argued about this a bunch and he was convinced you needed to win to get an exotic. He then got an exotic the next match after we lost.
I hate that people buy and ruin uncut sheets like this D:
Blade dancer, the intimidating super where you activate it and your opponent jumps a half inch off the ground and becomes invincible
Welcome to how Bungie handles p2p matchmaking and calculating damage etc. It's been like this since Halo 3 and it's bullshit. You'd think that by now we wouldn't have to deal with their "solutions" to even the playing field between people with different connections but no. I guess if it ain't broke don't fix it? And as far as Bungie cares it isn't broken I suppose...
I've had this map maybe twice all week. I've had Dungeons and Twilight Gap 90% of the rest of the time. Had a point where I almost straight just stopped playing because I got Twilight Gap 5 out of 6 matches straight. Then later I get Dungeons back to back to back. The best part is when it decides to break up your teams only to throw you into another match, in progress, on the same map.
You got so lucky that Titan was outside his bubble and the first on you killed. They could have all sat in the bubble and have been safe. I was actually expecting a clip with 4 Nova bombs/fist of havocs all going on the people at the heavy ammo at once.
As a hunter main the thing that annoys me about this is that I just KNOW that you didn't end up wasting your super doing this. You'd have it up again as soon as the tether was gone or you were out of it or died or whatever.
I've seen this work and it works well with the fact you can usually win fights easily in a group. What I typically run into is one person going to A, one to C, both dying and not capping or capping and instantly losing it. Then people at B get overrun by the enemy team and it's all a mess.
*looks at 320 Hung Jury equipped* *looks at all the friends on friends list with Hung Jury* ...you don't say?
"Maintenance" meaning they're in the process of performing maintenance to try to get the servers back up after they crashed.
I'm going to guess it's a new player from Christmas
I can't imagine how pissed off anyone with completed bounties just waiting for today to turn them in is right now. Managed to hit 5 yesterday on all my characters so I'm able to just sit back and relax. While I think Bungie SHOULD extend IB I can see it being tricky and them not doing it. Not sure if it causes issues if the event doesn't end at a weekly reset or not. That said who knows how long it will take for PSN to be back up with their track record...
Now now, I'm sure there was a few dedicated developers that had to carefully design each bug and glitch.
I'm legitimately annoyed that the planeswalkers win. Ob Nixilis just needed to release Ulamong, call Kozilek and planeswalk away. Now he sits around and gets caught AND the Eldrazi get defeated? We could have had a great set with the Planeswalkers getting wrecked and it ends as they have to planeswalk away right as the Eldrazi completely destroy Zendikar and move on to another plane. Then we could have a solemn and dark SOI set as they try to rebuild and prepare for the next fight. I'm betting Wizards just didn't want to destroy such a beloved plane as Zendikar to the point where it couldn't be returned to again.
It looks like Jace is smiling too to me.
Well to be fair...I got maybe 2 auto rifles, a pair of boots and a helmet. Saw a lot of people getting drops too. Got all 3 characters to rank 5. First IB of TTK I got my Hunter only to rank 4 or 5 and got 1 or 2 drops as well. This was the one everyone was complaining about no drops and Bungie admitted that it was broken and fixed it. One thing worth noting is that sometimes you don't see your own or other peoples drops in the completion screen. If you get more than 2 items anything else won't show up. This happened a few times with friends where they got something but nobody saw it on the scoreboard. Still yes rewards are stupid low considering 99% of the time it's a weapon/armor with bad rolls AND low light level. I can't really comment on Ghosts since I managed to get a 320 one from the raid recently so I could care less. Class items seemed way too rare for them not being purchasable and being needed for the rep boost (AND the ps exclusive ones were even rarer). SRL had stupid stupid high drop rates AND once you were rank 3 you got relevant gear for end game characters instead of sub 310 or sub 300 light drops. I feel like Bungie nerfed the after-match drops due to the rank 5 packages. I got trash from 2/3 of my rank 5 packages but my third was amazingly 320 boots for my Warlock.
It's also amazing for making you better at sniping. Play a few days with nothing but NLB in crucible then switch to a "good" secondary sniper like a nice 1000y stare and you'll wreck people with how much smoother it is to use.
Shadowshot usually keeps it. Hammer and BD "can" keep it but I have no idea how it's figured out. Probably 90% lag in those cases but I know I've seen/had it happen to me. The fact that it consistently happens with Fist of Havoc, Nova bomb and shadowshot is incredibly dumb though.
Just saying this is incredibly dumb that this happens. FoH, Nova bomb and shadowshot all do this but it should not be a thing imo.
I'm equally impressed by not only the no-scope but also the fact that you hit the Titan RIGHT as he activated his super but before he had the increased armor from it somehow. Otherwise you wouldn't have 1shot him with NLB's stupid crit formula.
Oh is that what it was? Didn't pay enough attention I guess. I hate that NLB doesn't follow the normal sniper damage formula for criticals. I'd love using it all the time if it was reasonable that way. I should at least be able to revive snipe with it T_T
I don't think it's random head cannon considering we JUST saw the entire plane and all the planeswalkers having so much trouble trying to JUST stop Ulamong but now they can suddenly actually kill both Ulamong AND Kozilek and not even just trap them. It took 3 pre-mending planeswalkers just to trap the Eldrazi originally. The whole thing with Ob Nixilis, he just regained his spark and was all obsessed with leaving the plane as fast as possible and yet didn't. And sure we had New Phyrexia but this is the Eldrazi that have been said to be unkillable in any way and any "war" against them was more of how to flee and survive as much as possible while trying to figure out a way to contain them rather than even kill them. Hell Ugin doesn't even factor in here at all it seems, what was the point of going back and time and waking him up then?
you can revive snipe ONLY if you have The Master buff active. That's not exactly "just fine"
I enjoyed this far more than I thought I would. I'm also EXTREMELY bothered by the fact you didn't pick up your pyramid item thingy that the boss dropped.
The real issue is Wizard's policy on Modern. They don't want anything too unfun / uninteractive or that wins too fast consistently. Any time something becomes too good they feel it has to be killed. Rather than things becoming stronger and printing answers or making new decks they just want to tone down everything else. The other issue is the inconsistency of reprints. You get very specific cards that become key parts of decks that spike in price because they only have one printing and are not likely to be reprinted. Cards like summer bloom, Azusa, Vesuva, Tolaria West, not going to be reprinted any time soon in most any cases but also are not played in any other decks so they spike but solely based on play in a single deck. This means there's a lot of inherent risk in the value of these cards.
This sure as hell better ship with my copy of the special edition. I was thinking about complaining to them in person about it if they didn't announce this. It's bad enough I didn't get it from Best Buy for the 20% off but then I have to pay Gamestop's absurd shipping prices too because you can't order online and pick up in store. ...is it February 19th yet?
Not exactly something you can do on an item like this that sells out instantly online half the time and you have to order asap when it pops up to even get one.
Looks way better than the tracking on my Truth since the TTK update. Mine won't detonate when it's 2 feet to the side of anyone and it sure as hell won't think about tracking or curving 95% of the time.
I'd love for Destiny 2 to go 60 FPS but in all reality it never will. Bungie LOVES 30 fps. Every Bungie game has been 30 fps and they love that for whatever reason. They like the consistency or some crap.
Where do I call to report child abuse? You only let him play Rift in crucible? That has to be some sort of torture.
Interestingly on MTGO the list you get is all cards not just cards you should be able to name. Technically you're only allowed to name cards that are legal in whatever format you're playing.
I mean honestly this is the opponents problem. This is exactly how Pithing needle works. You can name any card legal in the format. You aren't under any obligation to clarify what your opponent means if he names a different card than you think he means or names a card that it doesn't actually work on. Similarly you can name any card that produces mana with pithing needle and your opponent might think that works even though it doesn't. You aren't under any obligation to tell your opponent the correct way cards work if they're misplaying them against you. TL:DR know how your cards work if you're going to play them.
Great list. Couple things though. 1) Hobgoblins don't activate their shield if you shoot them with a sidearm 2) Similar to the explosive shanks, fusion rifles will prevent supplicants from exploding on death as well. (Explosive harpies in VoG Atheon fight) This includes the vex mythoclast. 3) You can run along the wall on the left side of the Mausoleum area to get to the scent chest rather than going on the invisible platforms. Usually quite easy once you try it a few times, especially with a sword. Much faster than using the platforms. 4) For whatever reason, the weekly Shaxx bounty for completing 5 Shaxx bounties counts Iron Banner weekly bounties towards it as well. 5) The "poison" chest on the dreadnought can be easily opened by using a sword and blocking while opening it so that you don't die. Alternatively you can use a super that gives increased armor or a bubble. Also maybe it's just me but I don't think the L3/R3 thumb stick click sparrow side-boosts work except in sparrow racing. I tried doing it with my sparrow normally and I don't think it worked at all.
Just worth noting that if you're doing the gunsmith weapons for legendary marks exchange, prioritize rocket launchers first since they take less motes of light to level up to get 5 marks instead of 3.
I didn't mention SRL since it's not around anymore (and forgot really) but the Trials weeklies don't count toward the Shaxx weekly. I think they might have in the past at one point but they don't anymore.
If you're talking about mono-red burn as not running any creatures then absolutely. There's no way you're playing any effective mono-red deck without creatures as well. As far as mono-red compared to Boros or Naya it's much worse but you could still probably do it. The issue is that with fetch and shock lands the opportunity cost of the fixing to run Boros or Naya is just so low that it's absolutely worth it for how powerful the cards you get access to are. [[Atarka's Command]] is just insane in the deck. Access to [[Kor Firewalker]] is insane in the mirror. [[Boros Charm]] is probably the best straight burn spell in modern with rare corner cases where the other abilities are worth while. [[Destructive Revelry]] is just 99% strictly better than [[Smash to Smithereens]] for almost all cases. The fact that mono-red can straight lose to a leyline of sanctity without green for Destructive Revelry is a pretty big deal if it's a card people in your area sideboard often. If you're your deck to be competative I'd say to pick up a playset of [[bloodstained mire]]'s and [[wooded foothills]] now before they become more expensive if you don't have them. A couple shock lands to fetch shouldn't be too expensive to go with them and you don't really need [[Arid Mesa]] specifically since you don't really want any lands that don't produce red on their own anyway. Even if you ran mono-red you'd likely want fetchlands anyway to turn on [[searing blaze]] and [[searing blood]] especially at instant speed. They also are very good if you want to play [[grim lavamancer]].
If this is true it's just more of Wizards agenda to permanently kill Legacy and Vintage even more since it seems like they have no plans of finally abolishing the reserved list. SCG stopped doing Legacy, Wizards is slowly killing it on MTGO. It's a bad time to be a legacy player it seems. That said if anyone is looking to sell some cheap duals or such...let me know?
If you need to farm gold just buy the gold boost for 4k honor tokens during the weekend and farm the crap out of the gold quests. With a decent gold farming team I made almost 20 million without much trouble. Used several stamina fruits granted but that much lasts you a long time.
I had the best luck running the 20AP daily rather than the 30AP one. Got ~300k per run I want to say, maybe more if I got all the bonuses. Granted this is with a full team of increased gold drop. And like I said, I burned a bunch of fruit since I didn't want to have to worry about gold for a while. They're not really hard to come by between rings and honor tokens anyway.
I absolutely love exiling Venser to himself in MTGO cube. Nobody ever expects it and you can do some really broken things. Not to mention gaining a lot of loyalty at times by doing it.
Distributors can also be told by Wizards to not sell to X store. Usually they also dictate how much of a product they can sell to certain stores to a degree. If Wizards doesn't want your store buying product you sure as hell can bet they can stop distributors from selling it to you. You think a distributor is going to risk getting cut off from Wizards supply to get your store product if Wizards tells them not to sell to you?
