Its all connected at this point. Jontron, Gamegrumps, Steven Universe, Gravity Falls... Its forming the ulti-fandom RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
The President: Dang nabbit not on an election year!
Shhhhhhh! Spoilers!
Nope. No humens allowed.
They started by destroying our greatest superhero... Florida Man.
I'm wondering if it has too to be a living planet. What about Mars or Mercury?
The plot thickens...
Don't worry guys, looks like Hawaii is still safe and sound!
Those are Roses feet you son of a bi- gun.
She may have also forgotten to clear her browser history, but that's a story for another day...
Almost every Telltale game ever.
If I am remembering right one of the plans in Invader Zim involved hollowing out the earth...
Hmmm. Giraffe mom still takes it.
Definitely. Whether its Star Wars or some other fictional universe its always good to know that there is something familiar to go back to every once and awhile. Poor Lucas. His hearts always been in the right place.
Uncanny Valley effect. Even as a kid, Jar-Jar and Grievous just made me feel... weird. The final fight between Grievous and Obi-Wan in particular makes me feel wierd...
Never.
Ugh, it's called Life Day throughout the rest of the galaxy. Get it right, geeze.
They're like Pokemon. BIRDMOM I CHOOSE YOUUUUU!!!
That makes a lot of sense actually... I don't think she ever specifically says she made it, just that everything there was super advanced.
CHAAAAPPPSSS, NO!
So far I get the feeling that Pearls are more like Butlers or personal assistants rather than indentured servants or slaves. I was pretty surprised to see how much personality Yellow Pearl had and I imagine she may have a lot of pride in her role as Yellow Diamonds servant and confidant. Just because you're someone's servant doesn't automatically mean your life is miserable. Butler and personal assistant are high paying career paths for a reason. On that note, Pearl took her service to the next level by taking up arms for Rose like a knight or a samurai. Hmm... Now if I could only tie in Lil'Butler....
Hot damn. I've seen a ton people take the OPM theme and put it over a new background, but yours is handily the best. Kudos man.
I think it's implied that gems have some sort of religion, because of the moon goddess statue and all that business. From looking at it, it seems to be humanoid and is *holding* a gem, rather than having one on its body. I've always had an inkling that the lunar sea spire might have some significance we haven't heard about, or not, who knows. It's also worth noting that MAGIC exists in this universe so literally anything is possible. Maybe they were created by the Sneeple or some other extra-dimensional beings...
Isn't this also the temple where some kind of battle between Rose Quartz and White Diamond is depicted? The statue may be allusion to that or maybe it's all an elaborate tomb? Also, what was their reason for going there again? I can't remember...
I kinda miss the "monster of the week" format they used to have. I mean, the plot-heavy arcs are awesome, but I'm not a fan of the "impending doom" style of motivation to move the plot forward. A little more focus on the alternate timeline human culture would be cool too. I'm really curious about this Empire City... and Ocean town... Keystone Caverns...
Hmmmm. I see what you mean. When I think about it the reason I liked that format it was because I was rewatching it after I had seen the newer episodes. There are so many clues and such in the old episodes that you really start to appreciate when you see the newer ones. For example, you can see Connie's glow bracelet in "Gem Glow," but you wouldn't understand its significance until "Bubble Buddies." The Shooting Star in "Monster Buddies" is used to blow up the galaxy warp in "Winter Forecast." Or the murals we see in "Serious Steven" that become much more significant as the story goes on and we learn about the rebellion. Basically, I like that there are a lot of seemingly trivial things we see in the background of the earlier episodes that turn out to be super important in the later episodes. I miss the feeling of revelation I guess.
Yeah, but when you look at the mural in the moon base you can speculate on which it could be. We know which is Yellow Diamond and Blue Diamond because we've seen them. We can assume that the other one we've seen, the one that is white with spiky hair, is White Diamond, which would then match the one from the Pyramid Temple.
I dunno, I feel like they nailed the neck too.
Dragon Warrior
They don't contribute at all to the main story if that's what you're wondering. Still good reads though. I love the art and it takes me back to when I was younger and used to read all my dad's old comic books. There's not a lot of plot, just the characters from the show in cute/funny situations.
If I remember correctly Blizz wanted to put them in during BC, but decided it was too soon for a new class and waited until WOTLK to give it a try with Death Knights.
Well, from a storytelling standpoint it seems like a convenient way to make Thrall less of an all powerful Mary-Sue character. As for the logical reason, I feel like we don't have enough context. Maybe they're trying to tell Thrall that Garrosh wasn't his fault or that Thrall shouldn't rely so much on their power. Maybe he's just out of mana.
He's out of mana.
Get to at least level 60 and pick up two professions. You'll learn to play, commit to the class you want, and get the one of the better leveling experience. 1-60 is pretty fun, but 70-85 is a bit of a slog. 85-90 is pretty good and 90-100 is probably the best overall.
It's obviously satanic and occult imagery designed to brainwash our society's children to be godless pagan heretics that worship witchcraft and superstition. [I mean come on guys.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ0sZ2Or9oc) *Heavy sarcasm* Just in case.
The Lich King also has personal beef with Kil'Jaeden because they created him through some messed up methods and then tried to enslave him.
We're all just pawns to The Lich King's ultimate plans, however, convoluted or long term they may be. I see The Lich King as an entity that is separate from Ner'Zhul, Arthas and Bolvar, maybe like a melding of all their different personalities, with Ner'Zhuls being them most dominant. Bolvar might be keeping him in check for now, but I feel like its a battle that will ultimately be lost. To sum it up, I think that's The Lich King talking, not Bolvar.
I could see them coming back when Legion forces invade old zones. I mean, what else would they do? Drop armies of level 110 demons into a level 30 zone that is supposed to take place 5 years ago?
I mean, I'm pretty sure hair doesn't ripple like that. Also, gem clothes are part of their bodies so wouldn't it technically be her hair anyway?
Like is a relative term. I mean I like Jasper because I like villains more than heroes a lot of the time and from what I've seen of Jasper she's one of my favorite character. That might change as soon as she get more than about 5 minutes of screen time but that's the thing. I don't really like Lapis because she's only been bitter and miserable so far, but that might immediately change as soon as she's back, who knows.
You missed the pearlgasm from Stronger Then You.
I think the conversation Garnet and Pearl had when they were about to be smushed is pretty telling. Even though she is independent by Pearl standards she's still more of the take order type rather than the give order type.
Twist, its Mr. Smiley.
*sigh* Yup, that must be what I sound like when I talk about MY [favorite musician](https://twitter.com/AurelioVoltaire?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor)...
The best *God of War clone* that was actually a complex fantasy RPG strategy, where Jack Black voices a Jack Black who wishes he was as cool as Jack Black.
Judging by the way people look at me when I try to explain who he is we must be some kind of race proto-hipster abominations. Glad to hear someone else who knows who he is though. Actually kinda made my day.
Wow. Pearls regeneration was far more drastic than I realized.
I have a 13 year old sister who claims she hates the show. Yet whenever I come home from college all the episodes I have recorded on the DVR are on the credits. Truly a mystery.
Literally super saiyen.
Ducklord#1570 (Alliance) Need Pandaren I have: a gnome, nelf and human.
