Nobody takes the world cup away from america right when the American team was starting to do well and Americans were starting to get interested
Ive noticed the best way to make a paint job look good is to make it clean, which is extremely hard to do with white. Excellent job sir
Any serious defense of tebow,
Never forgive roberts for taking streater away from me So walford
Idk man first putin and now NK? I think its bad when ur enemies want a certain guy
Afc-nfc? How fucking boring
The amount of people who avoid there own insurance like the plague on this sub lol
Meh its OTA's
As someone who has worked in warehouse inventory, I call bullshit
Oh hey thats where I live! A few months back there was a big fight when someones dad showed up. From what I observed from the 14th floor it looked like he wasn't very happy that his white daughter was involved with a black man. Anyway so he made a scene, some fists started flying, security destroyed daddy and dragged him away. All the while being taunted by drunk black dudes. (which was hilarious). Daughter was also crying and screaming "how could you". Strangest thing was that dad was dressed in pool attire.
Esports broadcasting in general is a joke. Its a lot of amateur hour because they dont actually have the budgets to do the spectacle the way the audience has begun to demand it be done. Think about it the nfl has 52 million different sponsors and hundreds of commercials per game. Most esports tournaments have computer component companies and blizzard ones in particular basically rerun those commercials. The reason you see a lot of problems is they only have these sets for 1 or 2 days then they go away. Nothing is permanent and that breeds production problems.
For people wondering why "management doesn't just fix it" it's because nurses have a position of power. Something like this which is an epidemic would likely cause a "rebellion" among the nurses and would basically require numerous hirings and firings which is a problem when peoples lives are at stake.
Ehhh i just watched jurrasic park yesterday; alot of this BEST CGI EVEN TODAY talk is just nonsense. What jurrasic park did do well is realize that cgi looks fake so they did everything they could.to.minimize that by adding in other things to obscure the viewers line of site. However one of the most cringe worthy moments is when the games.keeper gets jumped.and they're just holding a palm in front of the camera while the dude writhes around on the ground with a raptor.
As a Raiders fan I'm worried that Del Rio has what it takes. Early on last year I was worried that he was going to squander the first real talent Oakland has had in a decade. The squad he coached in Denver turned into the best in the NFL after he left and another coach came in. There were a few times last year where he looked like he was in over his head and then he made some interesting depth chart decisions. But we'll see how it works this year, he certainly has the swagger of a "raiders coach".
Always gonna be a lot of love for a gunslinger, leading the league in INT's be damned.
ugh we have paper tigers written all of us. We're everyones hot sleeper pick because JAX is too obvious and easy. Getting overhyped to the max. note: I love our team, its the best raiders squad in over a decade, but some of these people are expecting a little much from an unproven team with one 7-9 season under their belt.
&gt; This guy said this about Debose and Valles but no one else has seen that. I need a link that that's what he does all day And then u get hit in the knee, but gotta perform the next day, and your choice is a pill that gives you the runs and make you have cotton mouth all day, an injection that gives you the shakes when it wears off, or weed. Guess how many NFL players choose the weed?
As someone who owns 10 actual blood knights(I bought 1 and got the second pack because the first had so many finecast problems). They are absolutely not worth it. They dont even look good. You're better off kit bashing dragon princes and black knights.
Wtf are you talking about? Football isn't some arcane secret you can only learn by playing; you can definitely identify terms, deficiencies etc etc. Besides its not like ex players and coaches are better. Even current players and coaches do dumb stuff and think dumb stuff all the time.
I figured it belongs since the heroes discussed it on the latest pod
Yes but you don't have to be a player/coach to get what you are referring to. But this standard you are applying to PFF can be applied to every stat. After all JJ Watt led 2015 in sacks edging out khalil mack by 2.5 but JJ Watt is allowed every single play to rush against the weakest point in the offensive line bar none. Khalil and 3rd place Ezekial Ansah have to stay on their side of the ball and sometimes drop back into coverage. Your post addresses a problem with stats period, has nothing to do with PFF. For example the very much loved by every nfl fan Chris Kluwe (dat sarcasm tho) claimed that he was told by his coaches to kick shorter punts, then they later used his lower stats as justification for letting him go.
People who like warcraft will have this be a 10/10 people who dont will be 6-7/10. The 1/10 scores and battlefield earth comparisons are mind boggling
Because this guys being silly. The movie isnt trying to look "real" its trying to look like warcraft which it does in spades. Seems like there's a lot of people who are pretty jelly that they don't get it.
I actually think people expected the entire lotr trilogy. Which is the nature of memories but isnt fair considering tht its only 1 movie. That being said id say wc1 holds up to fellowship alone
As someone who works in logistics fucking fine, truck drivers are the worst.
The main problem isn't "paid for" congressman its the fact that the majority of congress has no idea how the internet works. So when all the phone companies come a knocking saying the big bad FCC is preventing your constituents from getting good Internet they act on misguided pretenses
Relisten to the soundtrack. The soul of all the warcraft music is there. The music is great.
Yea the way they turned the wizard fights into them using their wands like guns was silly.
And anyone else i need to bribe to make it happen
All that stuff is generated for the good of humanity; theres no payment involved.
Am i the only one who hates when people say "you had one job" when clearly the person had many more than that?
Meh its not like fitzpatrick has an amazing track record hes 43 and 61 career total w/l and has been on 6 different teams. So unless he suddenly figured out how to play pro ball at age 33 I'm gonna bet his success had more to do with the jets as a team than his qb play
They removed it because worgen spelled backwards is negrow and some people got some bright ideas on what to name their new worgen pets Bad look when world of wacraft accidentally references real life slavery
Gold standard rolling in his soccer pitch grave
Gw sells a couple brown spray primers. If they're too expensive army painter and other modeling companies have brands. Id never use commercial stuff because its designed to expand and take up as much space and fill in as well as possible; not good for models
Have you ever been to the everglades? You practically trip over the damn things. Id take my chances with sharks before gators
Ehh thats kind of taking this talk in a different direction; obviously wow plays with real life uses of certain things but the fantasy and the theme is still there. The fantasy of a marksmen hunter doesn't have me using a bow it has a nice longrifle with a scope
Their devs are considered top tier by what standard? That they dick around on the forums of their free game?
I think its much more like audiences google the movies out, and pick the one with the highest rotten tomato score
I dont understand how you can read the books and prefer yen
Usually when its triss' pov it talks about how she actually deeply loves and desires geralt. Meanwhile yennefer sees how many other men she can sleep with before geralt snaps
Well see with BW I value her (it?) for her ability to constantly heal multiple players. So at level one her trait heals 100 health every 4 seconds Lets take Malfurion, his regrowth at level 1 heals 500 health over 10 seconds. Brightwing assuming she pulses 2 heroes twice matches that output. The difference of course being that bright wings is free, doesn't have to be targeted, and is on a lower "cooldown" than malfurions heal is. Also because one of her abilities is not being "used" by a heal it allows her to have poly shield and flare. That being said of course there are scenarios where other people outheal her pound for pound and ideally you would choose another healer if your ONLY goal was straight healing throughput (like say morales for example) but rarely do you get your ideal and rarely do you ONLY need a support for straight healing throughput. Besides my brightwing build is usually (assuming no variable heroes like nova that demand reveal effects) 1-33% healing range increase 4-50% Arcane flare range increase 7-Reduce CD of mist whenever you cast a spell 10-Emerald Wind 13-Usually slow on arcane flare but 50% ability damage if they have multiple mages 16-make polymoprh targets vulnerable 20-stacking mist heals The only 3 "healing" abilities im taking are at level 1 7 and 20
Its the better ult
Real talk id do this for my gf; she hates her weight but hates working out more. Me on the other hand am usually very consistent but ive stopped because i dont want her to feel bad
Many many dont and many many get degrees in shit thats useless
Mcgloins hurt
This is why you fucking decline
How the fuck was that not intentional grounding? He fucking spiked it
That ref looks so upset that we are challenging
ITT: People find out that prison is shitty
