Yep. Two great distractions.
Partially because of how believable it is.
Honestly, it sounds like you didn't do your research.
Accessibility code is pretty fucked. 99% of parking lots have many times more accessible spaces than they need, and 1% of places have nowhere near what they need. It means well, but has almost zero to do with the reality of the situation. For example, in my municipality, balcony thresholds are limited to 1/2" *from the interior*. From the exterior, the limit is somewhere around 4". What the hell kind of sense does that make?
These types of services rely on user reviews. I've had nothing but great experiences, but I pay attention to reviews/ratings. Using uber as an example, I've never had a bad uber ride, where my cab experience has been 50/50. Something like airbnb requires you to browse the reviews and ratings yourself, but the tools are there and they're far superior to any option that's come before.
You shut your whore mouth.
A small bit of advice. Digesting a the things you want to do to improve yourself is fucking overwhelming. Do yourself a favor, and sit down and break those things into single, non-overwhelming tasks. Faced with a complicated series of un-enjoyable decisions anyone will balk. Breaking "get in shape" down to the simple first step of "go for a walk" will not only make it much more digestible, but completing that simple task will build confidence not only in your ability to chip away at the larger task, but in yourself in general.
Look for volunteer work. Also gives you a sense of accomplishment, and is a good way to make real bonds with people.
Bad attitude mainly, but one time I actually was dropped at the wrong place because the dude couldn't figure out his equipment.
&gt; consider if low-e glass is in your budget If you're trying to use the sun to warm a space, you *don't* want low-e glass, as it is specifically designed to have a lower emissivity.
Sounds like a case of plausible deniability to me. That, or "I'm going to fuck you, but don't even try to be my 'boyfriend'".
Interesting. Did some googling, looks like it works well in cold climates if the low-e coating is on the #3 surface (outside surface of interior pane). This helps transmit the absorbed heat into the space. In hot climates, you use the #2 surface (inside surface of exterior pane) to help transmit it to the exterior.
Unfortunately, this is a very real problem for the military.
I like this interpretation a lot.
Hard to say, ain't ever been anything else.
Oh, I thought he was Gary
This is excellent advice. In addition to writing it down, I would email the boss about this to have a record that the discomfort was communicated to them.
Dirty Girl was a great example of this I think.
This big, throbbing, veiny upvote.
Is that where he teaches the 12 sexy disciples that he travels with to be 'fishers of men'?
That wasn't comparing apples to oranges, it was using hyperbole to illustrate a point.
Or an apple and a hunk of cheese
It's probably the sound of flatulance traveling up a urethra. That can't have a pleasant sound.
You have two sphincters. The upper one will let a little poo down to signal you need to go potty. If you hold it long enough, your body will get the hint and take the poo back.
Make a bed of chopped carrots, celery, onions, and garlic. Stuff the cavity of a whole chicken with the same. Coat the top with salt and pepper, cook.
When making a soup with thighs though, I just cut each thigh in half with kitchen shears, and debone after.
Changing your pillow case often will help too.
Larger vocal chords = deeper voice. Since size is strongly correlated with strength, deeper voice = stronger man.
Another way to improve STC that we use in high rises is to add an underlayment between the flooring and the subfloor. Something like this: http://www.soundproofcow.com/Step-Above-Flooring-Underlayment.html Additionally, you could add a second layer of gyp on the bedroom side of the walls, and possibly hold them off the studs with a resilient channel. This will help keep the sound from traveling down the studs to the floor structure.
Not to be confused with "Waffle Blue".
Watt
I think downvoting unpopular opinions plays a larger role than you give it credit for. It unites the general population of a sub possibly even stronger than the echo chamber does, while clearly defining what the subs ethos is by what it will not tolerate.
You dodged a bullet. There is a direct relation between how much time a girl spends with horses and how absolutely batshit insane she is.
They most definitely do. It feels like your driving through a movie set. Kinda surreal
Have you ever broken the speed limit, smoked pot, or illegally downloaded software?
That's the core of the issue though. It's understandable to be jealous of previous sexual partners, but with a little maturity it's not that hard to work through. The combination of her not being upfront with him, and her extreme jealousy of the reverse situation does not speak well of her. It strongly implies that she is insecure of him because of how she is in her situation. I wouldn't be surprised if she's cheated on him, or would given the right situation.
I'm guessing the ending will be just as disappointing.
You're right, but that doesn't excuse the poor design. That sort of defensive approach protects the interior but actually makes the streets more dangerous.
&gt;but money buys access Yes, and money used to buy movies. And music. And content in general. What the political machine has yet to realize - much like all content distributors - is that they are no longer needed or even wanted. The harder they push their product, the more the younger generations shun them. We crave authenticity, and there will be a tipping point when their sales pitches and branding efforts not only fall on deaf ears, but unite us against them in droves. This might not be that moment, but it's coming soon.
I like to think that dogs understand mirrors, they just don't really care.
Ok, this is slightly embarrassing. Started as a plastic bag I'd spit into for lube. I eventually used a pillow, various pillow cases, towels, socks, etc to make what turned out to be a very pleasant-feeling female torso into which I would place my lubed up sammich bag. Depending on what I used for stuffing, I could vary my creation's figure to match whatever I was desiring at the time. I've never told anyone of this, and I'm turning a little red just typing it out.
I never thought of it as anywhere remotely close to adorable, but thanks. That makes me slightly less embarrassed.
I didn't realize it at the time, but I was lonely as hell in HS also. Being in an ultra-strict Christian environment I had virtually no avenue to explore sexually. I guess I made do. Edit: kinda makes me wonder how common this is
Good to know I'm not so fucking strange.
You have NO idea.
Lol @ good lord
I like to think of it as zero is the absence of something, while null is non-existence.
"Fuck, this bed is uncomfortable."
Should there be people on our currency at all? It's probably only a matter of time before the design of new bills is sold to the highest corporate bidder. The McOne. The Trump C. Cinco de Starbucks. Coca-Cola's original ten. Dos Equis' XX, the most interesting bill in the world.
The Earth. We'd be floating in space.
