This was on the announcers. Cole and King should have been calling him something along the lines of a "no good rotten scoundrel"
Just fyi you got downvoted because this is a place for questions.
Blue pants was a "jobber" that Zo &amp; Cass brought out to put Carmella over in her early days on tv. Blue pants either looked really awesome/won (I can't remember if she won), but the crowd really got behind her. She's a good worker.
I didn't know it was Corpus Christi until I was finished watching and looked it up. I didn't pay attention to the beginning and didn't watch the pre-show. They were definitely quiet before the last two matches. I was on patrol for spot calling last night for some odd reason so they seemed loud. I thought the crowd was good for the finishes of the main event and Owens/Cena. Other than that I wasn't impressed.
Thanks couldn't recall
I'm sure that didn't hurt lol
It seems like the only explanation they give is that ..."Kane and HHH have been wrestlers and in the business for a long time, so they are friends". This may be true, but it's not like Kane was in the Kliq or anything. I don't doubt that Trips and Kane are friends, the reasoning just seems a little too simple/(slightly) lazy for my taste. I'm not losing sleep over it or anything...just sayin'. Edit:/u/twinightstream7 below is more accurate than me
Ah yeah I forgot about that whole deal.
The bath totally worked for me. She didn't ballup once and the nails are clipped
Hey now both Orton and ICP have appeared at Wrestlemania. So....there's that?
I wasn't around for it but I'm sure Mets said the same when compared to /u/Dolphins1982
I'm not sure why you're being downvoted, but *IF* the kid was a plant, that's horribly shitty by WWE. I'm going to assume a company I devote at minimum 4 hours a week to isn't that shitty.
&gt; I used to be the biggest Wyatt mark and now I have to watch him cut promo, after promo, after promo only to job to a guy like Reigns! It's not the losing to Reigns that's the issue. Reigns is slotted as a main eventer right now and Wyatt isn't. It's the "Bray lost to a guy who went through 2 matches and a post match beat down" that is the mother fucker of it all.
Your comment isn't making sense to me? are you just saying basically you're done with Bray and done expecting him to ever amount to anything thanks to shitty booking?
No worries. Just curious. Cheers! I would say follow the buzzards but evidently they lead to mediocrity
Not a chance, but I sure do hope so.
They all speak Spanish anyways. No big difference.
I'm going to have to respectfully disagree. You may disagree with me which is fine too. But stating that it induced real emotion and positivity nullifies any cheapness one may perceive. That's just my opinion.
I get the one that /u/billyK_ posted below, but this one I don't understand. I get that venison is the culinary term for deer meat, but not how this is a joke.
I'm going to have to politely disagree. Regardless of them playing characters, if owens goes at a kid with cancer, it's going to make headlines in a negative manner
Yeah I understand homophones, but venison's dear doesn't make sense to me. This (using deer) just seems like someone checking facts
Maybe that's it. I figured mine didn't want to ball up to prevent her face from being submerged. Either way it worked and that's all that matters :)
You might be right about America not caring, but I don't know that the heat (which would be fucking nuclear) is worth the risk. I think I saw something on the post raw thread (could've been elsewhere) saying Owens could have said something like "Kid I hope you beat cancer like I'm going to beat your hero". Not near the same amount of heat but definitely no backlash from that.
Yep things went downhill just before they went public
Seth Rollins sucks, and Great Khali was the the most under utilized talent EVER!
say car rambrose! I wrote it on the paper!
His face may not be great, but size-wize I think Wun Wun is the top dog from GoT now.
Ah FOR FUCKS SAKE -Adam Bibilo
Owens versus Cena, it surely was a treat. The way Owens pinned Cena, certainly was neat But during the rematch, Owens pays for his sins. As every fan remembers LOLCENAWINS
Staring in the store window, but he knows what to do. It's a puppet store. [](/henry "YA'LL A BUNCH OF PUPPETS")
IC match homes! Still funny though
What's the deal with being the 1 behind the 1 in 21 and 1?!
Jeezus. Had to Google that age. Dude does not look 37. He looks younger than Orton but is 3 years older!
Read the text on the post again. Xavier is smarter than the wording here.
Well I don't want to say her past work was worthy of that but..... I also felt bad for her. That had to be brutal to go through. It was brutal to watch.
He looks so old now.
Best spinebuster I've ever seen. Didn't see a lot of Arn but better than Farooq, Trips, Batista, the best.
As best as could be expected. Holy hell that was fucking rude.
I'm guessing she cried after this too. I would've.
Baby Kane is back on tv
The best heels in a long time
Couldn't agree more
*slow clap* I think you have the best hoe down today
With the instagram videos (or whatever outlet it was) of her working with The Brian Kendrick, I'm pretty confident they were attempting to show that she's working on her craft. It was definitely done to garner that reaction. I would be willing to bet that (knowing the nxt crowd is a bit smarky) they thought she'd get a decent response. People saw those vids and complimented them highly. The motives behind releasing them were questioned but not her work itself in said videos. I'm going to have to respectfully disagree
I'm ok with being worked. Not being a complete smark really allows me to enjoy wrestling instead of hating it. I don't mean that as a shot at you, just speaking for myself
I bet you're fun at parties
where's that guy that points out that literally has be colloquialized (i know that's not a word) to also mean figureatively? fuck it's me now. I'm going to go sit in a corner.
At least they're not calling him "the rattlesnake"
I missed out on Leo Kruger. Can you recommend an episode to start at to get some knowledge for him? I don't mind watching another 3-5 eps of NXT after that either. Just want to see what all the hype was about.
I've said this on here before, but Wrestlemania is second Christmas for me. I didn't want to know anything going into it, aside from the event card of who's fighting whom. I avoided /r/SC and my fbook groups like the plague. It was awesome. I've trimmed down my time here somewhat but have been here more since WM, but not reading spoilers and shit or possible future angles, really helps me enjoy the product like I used to. Not completely like being a marky kid but it's close. Give it a shot, it might work. Good luck in your journey.
