Avoid the meth.
The Scribd icon looks a lot like Scruff
Not much of a man, making you wait for a bus alone instead of driving you where you need to go or at least riding the bus with you.
Borrow here. And I do have that much capacity of unused credit. My husband would sell elk antlers or the skull (and horns of course) of a bighorn sheep.
Maybe she should date Jesus
Does the tribe that lived there for generations pay him rent?
Pay them more to guard it than to cut it down. Duh.
Thanks Obama, for making coal illegal /s
Cap &amp; Trade And/or "tax the air" such that people who enjoy breathing support the rain forest even if they image they don't need it.
When the forest is gone you don't get paid to guard it anymore.
Among people who use Spotify instead of merely tuning a radio to OTA (Over the Air) programming.
Who will shoot? Oh right, hired guards.
Sarcasm eludes you
Many people who spent their entire 20s partying have none of that. Who is it that missed out and wasted their years?
A lot of people will almost comment
None of my inlaws know we're married.
TL;DR Blackmail worked for /u/ToolPackinMama
But will they schedule your work around your classes?
Because people who make burritos also need to live
This new color they didn't discover; what does it smell like?
The courage and self respect to not continue a one-way relationship = leaving. Is that what you did, did you leave ?
Call the accused to the witness stand
But his loyalty to Israel exceeds Bernie's Edit : spelling
We should have zero tax rate and infinite growth! That's your logic.
Reagan nearly tripled the size of the tax code It's simplified!
Yet we've been doing the opposite of what needs to be done for 30 years
And somehow we also built infrastructure that was the envy of the world - and now it's crumbling
&gt; boy I prefer men
Rejected how? Did you say "fuck off, cunt"? Or did you remain silent?
At work, you might have work to do. Is it okay at work to just work while ignoring chatter about current events such as last night's TV shows and this week's movies?
My husband and I got married for US. None of our family members know.
You know your office climate better than some random Joe on reddit. Go with the minimum response possible. "Thanks, now if you don't mind I have work to do and I'm sure you do too". Heck like that it almost sounds like you didn't enjoy the "win". Which is fine if you're trying to prove you aren't gloating. Humility or something like that
If you care enough you create new accounts
Whoever downvoted prefers boys?
You should see the insides of its stomachs
What did they "win"?
Why?
He can speak in metaphors but expects us to believe every word in the Bible is literally true.
It'd been a while, but in don't recall phone booths having the ability to record calls.
That's okay. I recorded it too as per your permission in the intro.
If your menu tree told the caller "this call may be recorded" why would the caller tell you they accepted your offer? Wouldn't the caller probably prefer to get right down to whatever issue it is that prompted them to call?
The call center copy of the recording is for their use. My copy is for my use. I've been on hold a while and heard more than once that the call may be recorded. When the call center agent finally comes on the line, I'm not going to repeat their permission to them; I'm going to get right down to business regarding whatever it is that I'm calling about.
I don't have to tell you because you already gave permission when your menu system said "this call may be recorded. .."
Their automated greeting said "this call may be recorded..." so I did.
Your automated greeting said "this call may be recorded" That's permission if I want it to be. If anyone knows of any case law where a court ruled that "may be recorded" really means "may NOT be recorded" I'd be excited to read about it.
How deep from your tract can you puke?
Or Kirk Cameron 's penis
You learned that from my dog, didn't you?
This is why you should chew your food thoroughly .
Maybe he didn't chew
