It was the Wind Fish's dream. So when it awoke, they ceased to exist.
Also, Ivalice continues to exist, he just makes the kids leave it. It's also implied that they can travel back and forth if the post game is canon. So it's more like Marche just wanted his friends to accept that that wasn't their world, rather than abandon it for their shitty lives.
The official timeline ruined the really comfy head canon that I had concerning that. I had convinced myself that Wind Waker &gt; Hourglass &gt; then Oracles/Awakening interchangeably, all with the same link from WW, because why else would he be sailing around?
By a Japanese(-American) guy, as a modern spin on a Japanese custom. Surely they'd be considered Japanese as well.
China is a massive country, which more region differences than you can count, and a storied history filled with more change than most other countries. To suggest that there is no true Chinese equivalent of modern Ameri-Chinese foods is nonsense. There's a fun buzzfeed video where Chinese and Chinese Americans eat Panda Express. Most of the video is Chinese Americans claiming that the food is bullshit and nothing like China, while the older generations' opinions are mixed from "awful", "this is really close", to "this is great, just like home" - orange chicken in particular is dismissed by a kid while an older man says that it would be accepted by the Chinese. What someone from one locale of China can find alien, another may find spot on.
I haven't read the article, but when I worked with kids they seemed like the only group that unanimously liked long hair on men. Even the ones that said I looked like a girl would follow it up with saying that it was cool.
I think I made my initial point unclear. I don't mean to call if specifically one or the other. It can be both American and something else. Fortune cookie, strong Japanese influence, geographically invented in America and adapted to American tastes. I'd say it's both, because on one hand it's strongly based on the dish of another culture, while made in the US. It detracts from the other side to name it one. As for the burger, I don't even know that back ground entirely, but the same logic applies to me. Maybe I'm stupid
I'm going to say something that probably makes me a terrible person, but this video with police showcases a lot more problems than the other recent outcries against cops. While the events that led in deaths earlier this year escalated further than they should of, while the officers involved could and should have handled it differently, perspective is key and a lot of people choose to just see it as cops casually assaulting and gunning down kids. Whereas here, that's actually fucking happening. They're throwing down girls who are doing nothing but sitting on the ground and getting scared, they're guns drawn chasing people who were trying to protect the former. I don't think all cops are bad or racist but Christ this video shows that we need to be more vigilant concerning who gets not just a gun but a badge. People should respect and trust the law and those that represent it, but in turn the law and those that represent it should respect them. Fuck this Judge Dredd noise.
This is an interesting comment to me. Posters in the US, and western Europe, and to a lesser extent the rest of the world, are quick to shut down the US for it's bases as nothing but bad militant imperialism, but surely it offers some benefit for the host counties.
No you don't. Her arranging for his murder doesn't mean he couldn't have been suicidal. It's possible for both to exist. Suicidal people can still be murdered. Yes, he may have killed himself, but you don't have to ignore that possibility to also consider that he may have also been the victim of a drug addict looking for a way to her next fix.
&gt;Does that sound believable to you They're on heroin, if it's so consuming that it can play a role in Kurt's suicide, then it can surely be consuming enough to play a role in Courtney wanting a few dollars more. Now you're suggesting rich people are incapable of crimes to make themselves richer. It happens all the time. Add drugs to the mix. Also, &gt;two largest rock stars in the world We're talking about Courtney Love. She's not on that level, she was never on that level.
I want to believe that r/creepy's self posts are true stories whereas r/nosleep is for fiction
I dig it. I also don't find Aqua Teen funny in the least, so to each their own.
A lot of people do this, even the ones that aren't the inbred racist hicks that people think everyone in the south is. To many people, Confederate pride is American pride, because the Confederacy is an exercise of American rights. The Confederate States of America, the right to bear arms against a federal government that you feel like no longer represents your best interests ("hurrrr slavery and racism the latter of which was surely unknown in the north, that's not revisonist at all") and the very action that founded America. As much as people want to deny it, for a lot of southerners it really is a pride thing that has nothing to do with racism, and when people like you and the ones responding to you dismiss them like this, I can sympathize with them taking pride in a rebel aesthetic.
&gt;there are seriously people who aren't part of the idort master race isshygiggydiggy
I live in Cocoa Beach, so I'm at shows pretty frequently, which is as irrelevant as your question. How can anyone possibly think that NXT is some obscure, low key scene? It's probably more known and watched than TNA.
I hate you Heath Slater
Technically correct? These could be fursonas for furries.
It's really dumb. It's not hard to type "Andre Battle Royal" unless you don't know how to type, and it's not really a mouthful either. It's a quirky acronym for the sake of being clever.
You'd hope so, wouldn't you?
itt people with weird perceptions of 4chan
Thanks brah, works fine. I don't suppose there's any mods/patches that replace the onscreen keyboard prompts with controller ones, are there? It's definitely doable just winging it from Xbox memory, but it'd be nice if the option existed.
That's not that weird. My facebook occasionally suggests me old online friends too, because I used the email address to sign up that I used to talk to them ages ago, and so did they.
There's plenty of logic to it. Swords = bad, and Luigi does seem like one best designed for spelunking.
Well yeah because sometimes you want Lucina in your butt so badly that it's worth it
&gt;there are seriously squares out there that don't fight for an independent Vegas, free of the Legion, Republic, or House
Yeah because similar angry groups like nWo had logos meant to look like they had high production values too, right?
"HE WANTED A DOG FOR CHRISTMAS"
Great, another one of the Rock's cousins /s
Black tights.
Nash may not be the best wrestler or the nicest guy, but he's a true businessman and knows that side of the industry.
This is pretty cool, I like it when people get unique merch other than just a t shirt. Also, I just noticed that the Conner's Cure bracelet is in the eshop under "The Authority".
I think it's a good gimmick. They're her stooges. It's not B&amp;M managed by Bliss, it's Bliss managing B&amp;M. Her having two too tough, generic crony hounds to build her up makes her look that much more capable.
&gt;The tag team division is what is going to, in my opinion, be the area they mass improve on the main roster this year Every year for the past four years has started up as the year where tag teams matter, and every year it quickly grinds to a halt. WWE just won't invest the time and effort into making the tag division anything more than a side show for more than a couple months.
They had the Matadors, the Rhodes Brothers, the Shield, Sin Cara and Rey, pre-New Day New Day, Evolution, J&amp;J, etc. They've had hot tag teams in and out for years, and they cool the flame every time it gets interesting
Bisexuality just enevelops the "two" sexes, pan- can encompass all of the sexes. You know, the ones the invented that aren't male or female. Like "attack helicopter".
"The Penis Game"
Deadpool, cringy? No, never! The popular Deadpool of the last decade of so has been a shining paragon of high brow humor! No fucking shit, dude
Because Harley Quinn is a shit character, redesigned and rebranded to appeal to edgy kidz.
I could really get behind Deadpool just going back to being athe self aware "merc with a mouth". The fourth wall breaking was fun at first, from time to time, but it's been so overused by everyone that it's just gotten annoying. That and the purely random humor. It's like how Spider-Man portrayals have been. Do people just not know how to write clever/witty/funny anymore without scraping the bottom of the barrel?
That is disturbingly untrue. Harley has been increasingly portrayed as competent and in control of herself. She started as some goon, brainwashed by the Joker into thinking that she was the only one who understood him and that he loved her for it, while in reality he just liked having a slave. As Harley got more popular, she gets written less and less like a simply stupid and impressionable woman that slept her way to the top of her field only to get dominated by a better manipulator than her.
Yeah, I might've misworded. I'm sure that all the sets covered the original 151 Pokemon, but that there were probably duplicates, meaning there weren't an "original 151 cards".
I don't want to lose my internet points, I can cash them in on the secret VIP store
Not to mention Kenny Omega's chainsaw.
You'll fit right in in r/discordian hail eris
&gt;For context: Me and my friend (not the guy on this pic) we are indie developers &gt;portal styled puzzle game! lmao okay keep on keeping on I guess
My neighbor's dad and I used it for Mortal Kombat moves.
It looks like they have a pretty nice ass, I'll give them that.
Especially if you read how the trials went down. They had experts coming out of the woodwork with examples of how plausible the dingo story was. Evidence of dingoes stripping meat of its wrapping to get at it, to justify how the child's clothing would've been removed. Photos of dingoes extending their jaws enough to fit over a doll's head, even larger than the baby's. No one wanted to believe that though.
Stick figure families on cars are lame. Innocent, but lame. Parodies of them are fucking terrible though.
