Did you see Mark Henry last night? Dude must have lost like a hundred pounds!
#2
DMC went to UK. The most un-chill place in America for basketball. NYC won't phase him at all.
Ah yes, shut down people who like to continue talking kings basketball during the offseason. Brilliant idea!
Well then, my bad! Fuck that guy!
A neutral look should also have positive statistics
It's called the front page
He's disrespecting his team, the fans, and the game when he does that shit
School, healthcare, housing, and they pay zero tax. That is why people say that. They take more than they put in.
Give it 10 years, every single destroyer will have a laser and rail gun so all ICBM/S2S/A2S missiles will be rendered completely useless.
Of course you lost the weight, you put that alligator down!
If he had enough of a sensitivity to the force to use it, I'm sure Snoke or Kylo would have sensed it.
Except it literally says "MFW"
Are you seriously trying to claim that a government agency isn't bureaucratic sprawl? What world are you living in?
rekt
no ROH unless he gets elected into the HOF. Thems the tradition therefore, Thems the rules!
no way Pagan bats 3rd * Span * Panik * Duffy * Posey * Pence * Belt * Pagan * Crawford
better than an [ass clap](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_nlQGGtNDM)
Fingers crossed for Battlefield: Spanish-American War
Remember that time she wore a sweater?
Bay Area? I think you are thinking of the armpit area
good, get that scumbag out of here
Cap is going to die, then get resurrected during Infinity War
He is not a citizen of the United States, he is a guest. He lied to authorities, he needs to be deported. The end. We need to have a zero tolerance policy about this shit. Edit: It also says, in the third paragraph, that he went to fight with TERROR groups.
Chris Evan has said recently that he will play Cap for as long as they keep asking him
Do you know what you are talking about? Assad is bad, but he's not our problem.
The National Guard is not a police force. The FBI is what you want.
He needs to prove that he can stay healthy and be more consistent at the plate. Then their relationship will improve.
That is very well written, and statistically correct. But it doesn't solve Belt's problem. His problem is that when people hear his name, they think "is he still hurt?" and "Is he hitting well or is he in a slump?" The biggest problem for me, is that from the second he came up, all we've heard is, he's the future, and this is going to be his breakout year. His other problem is that he is in a division with A-Gon and Goldscmidt. Compared to those 2, he is underachieving big time.
I get it, I hope he does well.
http://youtu.be/SYUEjtCV1Gc
Knowing Fox, they'll cancel both shows after 10 episodes.
As long as the classic eight teams don't want it (SF, STL, PIT, CHC, LAD, CIN, ATL, PHIL) it won't ever happen. Only the new franchises would vote for it(FLA, COL, ARZ, MIL, SD, NYM, WASH.)
Ah yes, local government, destroying free enterprise one city at a time!
We're talking about Denmark. Pretty much everything is a waste of tax dollars.
If I remember correctly, there is no love lost between Obama and Hillary. I think he'd let her burn.
No way, what-so-ever, does Rawlins come back. He is out until May at a minimum.
DB was cleared by doctors! Good chance he comes back.
They look like they are for a projector
Don't call them animals! Muslims are people too!
What's so stupid about this whole thing, is that the population of the United States that is African Anerican is 12.6%. Guess what percentage of Oscar winners since 2000? 13%. Zero controversy what-so-ever.
Avery jersey, Awesome!
Watching Avery play and antagonize was the single most enjoyable period of Rangers hockey in the last 10 years. So bravo!
Exactly, when I was 10 I could do 30 pull ups easy. Once I hit puberty, I was down to 5.
It's really bad actually. Politics should stay out of the Judicial branch.
lol, I agree, but you are in the wrong sub! Hive mind liberalism here. No room for conservative ideas!
It's no secret where to find tacos y burritos
Rick Santorum was in 6th place the week before and won Iowa. That's why they are all still in it.
National polls mean nothing, they call people who have never voted and will never vote. In likely caucus voter polls,Cruz is winning.
It's not racist to not want people who will not contribute a thing.
