Tasmanian Devils go through a similar process, fighting (I think hundreds) of their siblings to attach to 8 nipples.
However that's an oppressed people reclaiming a word that oppressed them, such as "gay" with the non-straight community. Side note, it's "nigga." Example: if you call a nigga a "nigger" they will *cut* you (metaphorically, usually).
Interestingly enough we also see plenty of black people vote Republican because it's technically the party that freed their ancestors, if only in name. They don't think to actually look into what the party stands for (as plenty of white people do as well).
Can I upvote this some more?
I want to but I'm afraid I won't go back to sleep.
I plan to choose certain toys to fit the theme of each expansion as well as experiment with different toys to find out what each normal cat's top fav 3 toys are.
Guessing Socks is in the face?
Lexy's loaded, man.
Genocide mode (boot every cat as soon as it gets on a toy).
I wish I had the gold to give you for this.
You can kick her off.
Are you sure he goes on a goodie that provides loaf form?
Yup
Fake.
I'm very torn on him! I do like him in his rain, but I like seeing all his markings... (he comes to the rail because it's a rail, like the thing trains run on....)
Actually, you're using sex terms here. For gender you should use "man," "woman," and at least "other" (Even if you don't agree with the American trans community, other cultures have had other genders for centuries).
Correct, they're on their lonesome with the rail. I prefer getting solo pictures with the rares xD
Oh that makes more sense! I'd seen a lot of cats who had black tail tips have white under the kotatsu and was very confused.
I see what you did there.
That woman's poor vulva...
Actually if your toes are squished they're bad shoes.
Such as cutting the crust off your sandwiches.
That's why we use a harness! You still have the carry them, but a lot less thrashing.
I dated a Kenyan who was raised until 12 in Kenya, but his two siblings (both parents African) were raised in the US. Heritage-wise, they all were "African," but my ex was the only one who spoke an African language (Swahili) and culturally they were all pretty "white" (in their own terms). Their mother (South African, not white) would mock them sometimes by calling them, "Shaniquaesiasia," but that's about all the "hate" I saw. I think some Africans are put off by the Roots movement due to the way it kinda "bastardizes" their culture, but it's not Black folks fault they can't trace their heritages fully. I think it also can be explained by how whitewashed African culture is.
https://youtu.be/GKB8hXYod2w
ALL MY THIS
Aragorn broke his toe when he kicked the helmet in Twin Towers. He continued to act on it for about an hour. The cut you see in the movie is the one where he broke his toe. Viggo Mortensen is a badass. Bonus: he also broke his tooth at Helm's Deep and had them glue it back on on set so he could keep acting.
I passed by my sister's boyfriend's open door and got a glimpse of her on top of him, both naked. Her boyfriend would later abuse her, hold her against her will, brainwash her, starve her, and that sort of stuff. This was before the holding but well into the brainwash.
When I was 12 one of my friends deserted me because I wasn't popular enough (I was a weirdo). My mother called her dad about it without consulting me - really helped the bullying at school, let me tell you.&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
Actually, Ariel's Beginning was really good. It was a return to the music roots. The villain felt kinda unnecessary, though.
You don't get much more anti-Muslim than that.
What /u/Belicia said, as well as the fact that you're comparing everyone to her. You keeping looking for HER2.0 when really you need to look for a new woman all together. Think about what you liked in Her - now also think about what you didn't. Try to find these in someone new.
Adderall is a stimulant used to focus the minds of those with ADHD/ADD. Its street name is "speed," and in a non-ADHD person it makes them hyper-focused - almost manically - but they also become bored quickly.
Disagreeing on core values.
Knit, draw, read, clean
PREACH
Sleep sex - and it was amazing.
To this day he still thinks we're compatible.
It's called sexsomnia! I was dating a guy with it and I was half-awoken to him unconsciously fondling me. Because I was half-awake all I knew was it felt good and went along with it. Only sex I've had where I was completely in the moment and it was awesome.
Originally it was to stop masturbation (they also did it to vulvae and put acid on the clit :D), but obv that didn't work. Then it was, "I was, so he should be," and a host of excuses to make it so.
Sexual educator, can confirm.
I won't say which fruit - because a quick Google search will bring you straight to my town - but my town celebrates this NASTY fruit every year. We have a whole damn festival around it, of them pickled, fried, baked, sautéed... But most people recognize they taste like shit except for a lot of the locals.
TBH I think it started with Caitlyn's transition. Don't get me wrong, she's a horrid representation of the trans community, but the way she publicized it is what brought it to media attention, I think.
In a non-condescending way, what culture would you have "reign supreme"?
Most of our face comes from our bone structure and underlying fat, not the skin itself. This is why we can recreate faces from skulls.
Anime boobs
It's my face so if I lose my phone someone can return it to me easier. My background is my cat who is 15, senile, in kidney failure, and could drop dead at any moment.
There are heterosexual men who like butt stuff.
The prostate can be stimulated through the rectal wall and that's very arousing. The anus itself has a bunch of nerve endings. Edit: there's also fingers and plugs, not just penises. Additionally sexual orientation has to do with who you find hot, not who you have sex with. The difference is people can have sex with those they don't find hot and and people can find others hot but not have sex with them.
Vaginae are naturally closed, they only open when aroused (provided they're properly functioning). You can force something in, of course, but you can force something into a rectum as well. The first third of the vagina stays closed, and the back two thirds are loosely open. The vagina can be clenched using the pelvic floor muscles, which also can be used to stop urination mid-emission. If you were actually referring to the vulva (the outer flappy part with the two sets of lips and the clit), it naturally stays closed when the legs are together, and opens when the legs at spread (the degree varies by person). Both sets of labia can be vaguely flexed with practice, like wiggling one's ears, and the clitoral glans and shaft can be flexed just as the penis can (seeing as they're the same structure and all).
