I'm not embarrassed.
yeah, if you remember some of the bigger moves of the twins (getting aaron boone for example), they either were terrible when they came to minnesota or they just didn't want to be in a "small ball" club
[Ram Rules](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-d-Hf5Zzn4)
&gt;Hadn't beaten a team with a winning record Well, now they have
My dad talks about how he was flying back to MN (from a business trip in NJ, somewhat ironically). He was in line to board when he first heard that the score was 7-0 (the game had obviously just started). When he reached his seat the score was 14-0. A couple minutes later, the attendant announced "Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin our safety instructions, but I would just like to update on the score of the Vikings-Giants game.... it is now 24-0 Giants." So he just kind of assumed it wasn't worth listening to or watching the rest. Also, this is much easier to talk about than our other recent NFCCGs...
It wasn't a blowout, but in 2012, the Vikings came off a 3-13 season, and they were 1-1. The team the beat (in OT) was JAX, and the team they lost to was the Colts (who were 2-14 the previous year). They were up against the 49ers who were 13-3 the previous year and just lost an NFCCG that they should have won against the Giants. The first quarter, CHRISTIAN PONDER (what?) throws a nice touchdown pass on an 80 yard drive to Kyle Rudolph. He then finishes an 84 yard drive in the second quarter with a ~25 yard run. The Vikings forced 3 TOs and blocked 2 punts, threw no interceptions, and only turned the ball over twice in pretty close to garbage time (by Toby Gerhart, and those were his first two fumbles in a really long time). It was the first time in 8 games (someone could check me on this, I don't know for sure if this is right, but it's something like this) that Alex Smith threw an interception, and the first time in 13 games that Frank Gore turned the ball over. tl;dr A 3-13 team quarterbacked by Christian Ponder beat a 13-3 team made of steel and amazing defense, and did it without any gimmicks.
Hey don't be mad. We had a game (not against the dolphins) where WE even had a walk-off safety. Not only that, but a walk-off safety in a game where we scored 0 touchdowns!
Random thing, but this last year was the first time the Vikings have been in the bottom half of the league in rush defense (which is still ok, they were 17th). But yeah, the Vikings have always had a very impressive rush defense, and I never realized how badly it sucks to have someone rush all over you until Lacey did it this year.
I love how well defined the NFC North lines are. Straight along the WI-MN and WI-IL borders are perfect. Also in that regard, AZ just takes up every county for itself and only itself. Pretty cool
I work at Valleyfair on the Ripcord. You guys should come visit me and say Skol, because 5 of the 11 people who work there are packer fans and it grosses me out a little.
This is really cool! Any chance for the superbowl matchup? (jk, that's pretty ridiculous...) Good work!
Maybe it's like highlighter syndrome? That would be the only reason. And if so, sorry for your coworker. But you said there weren't any marks on it? Whatever. But that sucks man. You clog it, you clean it, so sucks that you have to do it.
It's still up, but it was mine (not really official) Well, for me, I had a great night with /u/Twinsfan94 yesterday! Played some Splatoon, which is one of the best games I've played. And he drank a little (too much), and had to help him a little bit. Awesome dude though, and he was definitely fine when I left, so I hope your day's going better buddy (and I'll see you Sunday!)
The thing for me is that Hall of Fame should be based on Fame. Eli is famous and a huge part of NFL history for his wins against the Pats. He wasn't the absolute best, and is really a tier below most of the QBs in this era, but he is FAMOUS because of his 2 superbowls and how he got them, so I think he's in there
&gt;Not the Bruins This is fine
Shoot that's right. I forgot Joe is in the hall.
Well a lot of my friends are Blackhawks fans (that surprisingly aren't bandwagoners). I have zero friends that are Boston fans, and the only Boston fans I've met are dumb, arrogant, or both
Eagles: 9 Losses this year, including: *Cowboys at home *Redskins (Twice) *Dolphins at home *Lions 6 Wins, including: *Jets (@ Jets) *Patriots (@ NE) wut
Just doesn't make any sense. I feel like if The Eagles are supposed to win, they don't, and if they're supposed to lose, they win. So really, they should be 9-6 right now. What a strange team to root for. I'm sorry Eagles fans
Lesson here: Don't count the Redskins out of the playoffs already- &gt;Not spectacular QB named Patrick Haden &gt;Injured and replaced &gt;+14 pt differential on the year &gt;Goes to Superbowl Never say never folks
I suppose. Are you referencing when we gave the Panthers their only win of the season and almost gave the Lions their only win of the season until they won week 17?
Hey I haven't met you yet!
We like you guys too. I mean, the main highlights guy in /r/nfl is a Bears fan, plus all the Bears fans I know IRL are super cool. I'm fine with anyone taking the division as long as it's not the Packers!
lol
Wait wouldn't it be Teddy Bridgeice? Also, sounds like unsafe driving conditions if you're facing a drive with Teddy Bridgeice
Congrats?
Hey Section 215 is where I am! 200s represent!
This is truly one of them. Anyone have the stat for the second fewest WR TDs on a whole team in one season?
Against Vontaze, Frostee, and Leger... geez that's a starting DE rotation in terms of names!
Commenting on the very small percentage off-chance that this is the legitimate Blair Walsh
&gt; He makes the kick, what do we say? That he bailed us out that game? Uh. You need to not be overly drunk for a minute, and realize that yes, we do. If he makes all 4, we are praising him for putting all of our points on the board, and rightfully so. The way my friends and I analyzed it, every component did very well barring one play: Offense: Didn't do bad, even drove the ball down the field on the final drive. But 28 fumbled the ball. Gave Seattle 3 points. Defense: Did spectacular today! Except for one play. Bad snap was a 20 yard loss. Instead, was completed, led to a TD. Special teams: I guess I wouldn't say great, but mostly because Jeff Locke had a rough day. Few bad punts, but nothing to get angry about. One bad play was, obviously, Walsh missing his kick. There's no reason to put none of this loss on Walsh, but there's no reason to put 100% of this on Blair either.
Well, you're sure right that this is unpopular (at least for one side of the St. Croix), but what kind of scares me is that it could be true. Think about 2010. We came off a fantastic year, 12-4, destroyed a highly rated Dallas team, lost to the Super Bowl champs by an OT field goal that sparked a rule change. Next year? 6-10. Yeah, this is unpopular, and with Zimmer I think it is a much different tale than with Chili. I mean, we were calling for Childress's head during the 12-4 run. But if it doesn't work, this may turn out exactly the same: Next year we fall in several close games, year after we try to reach to make something happen and lose 10+, followed by a miraculous playoff run. It's pretty cyclical at this point. Minus the fact that our QB is young. Which is also why I would disagree. But yeah in terms of unpopular this one wins edit: changed "is" to "could be." I'm not that much of a downer
I can't either, but that's because we never had a basketball team.
100% worth the "continue this thread" click
at home
Welp, good game everybody. [Screenshot for when it gets fixed](http://i.imgur.com/6yx7I6f.png)
[LARRY FOR PRESIDENT](http://i.imgur.com/y6UF9z8.jpg)
As stated before [Larry for president!](http://i.imgur.com/y6UF9z8.jpg)
[Me coming back to this thread](http://i.imgur.com/Xw22ahs.gif?noredirect)
I think it's safe to say Christian Ponder is an all time great
I'm fine with these other big hits that destroyed someone's career. The Lawrence Taylor hit on Joe Theismann, yeah it was rough to watch (and hear), but it was part of the play. This is why late hits are a thing. This shouldn't happen. What a scumbag. FTP(...ackers's player who did this not their entire organization)
Did he spike that ball into his helmet?
His post game interview about it was hilarious. It was something like "I saw a purple shirt behind me, so i hoped he could catch"
SO COME AHHHHHAHHHHAHHHHUNNNNNNN
"Well ya see here Mike, /u/InferiousX is just an all around great redditor. He's been in this league for 4 years workin his tail off without any credit, and he makes one fantastic comment and we're all blown away. But really, Mike, this kid's been good since his first post in the sub. Be surprised if he doesn't make the /r/nfl Pro bowl this year." "Jon I don't think /r/nfl has a pro bowl" "Well I'll have to make one Mike, and /u/InferiousX is gonna be the top of my draft list... If we're doin that type a thing again this year."
I'll do it if it's not too late. But it looks like it's too late. Can there be another one?
Whoops. Gotcha
&gt;Chargers &gt;Defense I think I see a flaw in your response
I remember watching this play since it was before they had lost a regular season game yet, and I thought "Man, if they win this, it's pretty obvious why. Holy cow"
Thanks for reminding us Aaron.
