Yeah IL2-CLOD with the Team Fusion mods is still kicking. It's hyper realistic.
If I'm understanding how this works, you can use AutoHotKey to do things like this. It's a powerful program for creating scripts to automate things like inputting text, hitting key strokes in sequence with time delays, run programs, etc. that can be bound to any key or key combo. It runs independently of the game on your PC in the background so there should be no EULA issues... it just automates what you would normally do manually. I use it in hyper-realistic games like IL-2: CLOD with the Team Fusion patches to automate tedious complex things like getting ready for take-off. I don't use it in WT but would if manual engine management was worth the trouble to me. Anyway, you should, for example, be able to make a script that runs from a key bind not used by the game, reads data from http://localhost:8111/, copies it into your clipboard, types T, inputs your message, CTRL-V to past in the data and hit ENTER to execute these key commands for you. If reading the http://localhost:8111/ data isn't possible, you could wing it by just assigning something simple that can be done with one hand to output text such as SHIFT-1 = "I need halp! (1,000m alt)", SHIFT-2 = "I need halp! (2,000m alt)", and so on. Hope this helps!
My guess is that their "rules" are just casting a wide net to minimize exploits that they cannot foresee and they'll always say that it's a cheat for things they don't understand. AFAIK, there's no way for the game to detect if you're using an external scripting program as it's not altering the game files anyway. I'd also venture to guess that them scanning your PC for things outside their game without your knowledge and permission would open them up to all sorts of legal problems as well. Maybe someone specifically looking for it might detect a pattern in your chat but that's ridiculously unlikely. Also, automating things like manual engine control would be undetectable on the surface unless, once again, you gave them a match playback file and they were looking for it or you outright told them you were doing it. Promoting it would be the biggest give away so technically the only mistake that J6 made was to post it in their forums in plain sight of their KGB... lol. Ultimately, they can't 'legally' dictate what you can use on your PC outside of their game although it is their game so they can ban who they like for an unlimited number of stupid reasons under their EULA. That's why it's worded the way it is... it's just lazy exploit enforcement. Anyway, I'd say it would be perfectly safe to use scripting programs. Just don't be obvious about it. I personally don't use scripting in WT because there isn't much benefit to it so I'm not really stressing over this. The game is pretty streamlined so it's not like IL-2: CLOD Team Fusion where you have to manipulate a dozen controls just to take off. I'll even admit that their in-game communication system is pretty slick in how it allows players who speak multiple languages to communicate with each other. In the case of J6's script, do people really need you to tell them your alt? You can basically see if teammates are above or below you all the way across the map. So knowing Gaijin's iron fist way of dealing with things, any potential benefits are just not worth the risk IMHO. In the end, you can post game feature requests for stuff like this and who knows... maybe they'll be implemented into the game if the idea is popular enough. I know I'd personally like to see the comm messages expanded so maybe he could try that approach instead. It would also be less work if it's in-game rather than messing with scripting programs anyway.
I do see where you're going with this. It would be easy for instance to create a script that enables manual engine control, close your rads, adjust your prop pitch, max your throttle, etc. so all you have to do is push a button to achieve maximum escape speed. I suppose you could even create a script that with some experimentation makes your plane perform a complex maneuver at its maximum abilities when someone gets on your six. I personally don't see an issue with this though as it's too much work for too little benefit over simply doing it yourself and you'd be constantly trying to hit a moving target with the way Gaijin changes FM's more often than a teenage girl changes clothes. It also still requires that you know how to fly. You do it or a script does it... what's the difference... you still have to know what to do. My issue with this is that Gaijin doesn't have the right to tell you what you can use on your PC while playing their game. What's next, you can't keep plane stats open in Word? You can't listen to music outside their channels? You can't watch YouTube vids of cats while climbing because you're bored? All these things are 3rd party programs that alter the individual's game experience and technically against their EULA. Sorry but fuck that.
I can see how it would be useful and definitely the least minor offense against their "no automation" rules. In the same light, it's only a (admittedly annoying) minor inconvenience to just create some shorthand lingo to relay alt in chat. I also see the point about it being easier for them to ban it all rather than deal with some subjective sliding scale on what can be scripted... hence opening this whole can of worms... and maybe J6 being a bit too butthurt over it. ;) I do have to go back to my original opinion though that Gaijin doesn't have the right to say what programs you can use on your PC (and probably can't detect them anyway) while playing their game as long as it doesn't alter the game itself. They might not like it but tough shit. Scripts won't give you that much of an advantage in this game anyway (or an advantage that others couldn't use) as flying is way too complex and dynamic. It's just not 2 dimensional with a fixed number of possible movements like WoW. All scripting can really do is reduce tedious tasks and improve efficiency a little bit. Outside of that, you have to know how to fly and tell the plane what to do.
Gains and costs of stuff in this game has gone through heavier inflation than the Russian Ruble. RP was easily 2x-4x more, premium plane/account costs 2x less and there's more "things" that cost money than a year ago. However, I dealt with it by just changing my attitude. I generally fly a few planes I like and new ones unlock naturally without going through and spading each one like it's a full time job. I don't get impatient with the grind flying some plane I don't like while constantly feeling like the grass is always greener with a new plane when it usually just ends up in disappointment. You think, "Maybe that premium will up my KDR?" but it usually won't. I learned that a talisman is a much better bang for your buck than premium planes. Sticking with my favorite planes made me a better killer because I took the time to master them instead of whoring planes up the trees. Now I just go back and try the ones that look interesting. And so on. I went from being one of Gaijin's best customers to being the absolute worst because I don't spend a dime on it now. I watch Twitch TV on Sundays and have won a few thousand GE's there, I bought a great graphics card that came with 10,000 GE's, etc. and only spend them when stuff goes on sale so I can for instance talisman two planes for the normal price of one. I play RB/SB so I only need to upgrade one crew per nation. I avoid the money traps like converting gold into crew experience or buying decals that you can unlock anyway. This game can be fun if you just let go of a bunch of frustrating shit. For instance, jet vs prop matchups used to piss me off so I just avoid them now. There's plenty of other fun WW2 planes to fly in the 3.0-5.0'ish BR range. So yeah, I like to grab a beer and just fly some WW2 planes now. If I wanted to worry about grind and money I'd just stay at work. ;)
"Part IV - Your Left Wing!"
Yup, I agreed that prices and grind have increased. I just added that I found ways to make the game fun and cheap since then so it doesn't matter to me so much anymore.
German words are long and say a lot. This says, "Will only destroy pillboxes and tanks with a direct hit... and then it still may not destroy them."
I'm starting to sound like a broken record answering this same question over and over but the long and short of it is to fly planes you like, stay away from situations that piss you off, don't stress over the grind and learn the cheap/free ways for getting stuff. Check my posts for more details if interested. This game can be fun if you just avoid and let a lot of shit go.
Do you have any pics of what vehicle/mod RP costs were a year ago? Maybe that's where the increase happened.
Interesting. Although I think the main point here is that RP gains hit a wall at around 2,000 RP where it doesn't increase at the same rate as it did before a certain number of kills. So 3 kills might get you 1,800 RP but 6 kills won't get you 3,600 RP... so this would have to be confirmed in the that context.
Agreed. So with this in mind, has the RP gain become less linear since last year? Looking at these numbers (and knowing Gaijin for their ninja fixes) this might have been a quick fix to align RP gain rates with the lowered RP costs.
^ This. Tier IV Japan prop vs jet matchups and crazy repair costs were frustrated me to no end... so I just stopped doing it and flying a Hayabusa or Zero in Tier III is crazy fun.
I'd agree with this it weren't for the Yak-3P. That post war plane is ridiculously under-tiered.
I wonder what would happen if you ran local host as a Google site translate page.
The Brit Hellcat seems ok to me as far as control goes. It's my favorite fighter/bomber. It should be faster though.
We've been practicing for over a year. Can we attack already?
Or spade yer Spit in Tier III matches. It's usually a game of spank the yank.
Hah! Post if it works. That would be pretty awesome.
We've been talking about the F6F.
I just wasn't following you. Half the stuff you typed looked like words you made up man... lol.
I'll upvote that. ;)
"Hope is a mistake. If you can't fix what's broken, you will go insane." -Mad Max
Nice! Thanks for the update. How cool is that?
In all chat try asking, "Which one of you little cupcakes wants to putter into the kitchen and make my dinner?". That usually gets a response.
International tree?
Just in case anyone missed the update buried in this thread, Gaijin gave this the green light. - http://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/244539-cover-me/
I feel like there's a big hole in effective fighters for RB Tier II-III Brits. Sure they fly well but the newer seaplanes and two-seaters are too slow and the 7.7 paint scratchers just aren't hacking it against enemy armor and cannons. It's not a problem against USA on Hokkaido but the British turn-fighters have a hard time against Germany, Japan and Russia around the 4.0 BR range where the enemy have some exceptional planes. Some do like the Mk IX but it was only intended as a stop gap plane IRL and it's interesting to see how it's performance translates that way in the game as well. The Hurricanes can do well but aren't really suited to take multiple enemy on their own without turn-fighters to distract the enemy while they bnz. I wish they'd knock 2 cannons off the Mk Vc to make it a bit faster/nimbler and it'd be a like a Brit Hayabusa. Outside of that, the only glaring matchup issue I can think of is they need to change the Yak-3p's BR to 5.0-ish. to balance out Russia's win rate in Tier III.
What's with the downvotes? This is pretty accurate as far as the win/loss I've seen with Tier III Brits.
Not exactly, that's just trading down 2x cannons for 4x 7.7's. And the Vb Trop is oddly slower. It's not really what I was getting at anyway. Drop 2 cannons off the Vc and you have a lighter, faster and more nimble Tier III Spit with a punch. It's not just some crazy idea of mine either. The Russians got some Spits as part of the Lend-Lease program and the first thing they did was pull the 7.7's because they weren't worth the added weight. They called them paint scratchers... lol.
Just my two cents but if RB bombers wouldn't fly straight into a higher alt enemy like lemmings they might get a different result. I've certainly been guilty of flying bombers on constant suicide runs where I'd just rush in, hit my targets, die and repeat. Then I learned that the very definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over while expecting a different result... so I started thinking about trying different things and how to survive longer to do more damage. I fly Japan a lot so I'll pick on the allies for some examples... For instance, flying Saipan as allies, you can hit your targets on A and gtfo of there before enemy fighters come in, loiter back over ship cover until the ground forces take it over and the enemy numbers have been reduced by our fighters to go back and re-arm for another attack. Or skirt the right side of the map to take out the enemy tank column on B while the furball is on A at the start. Allies in New Guinea, try heading west along the map edge and turn in to attack the carriers after passing the enemy island airfield on your left. And take the time to bomb the carriers properly parallel to the deck and not perpendicular to the ship where it's harder to hit them. You'll usually have time and little to no opposition to do this. Then gtfo of there and egress back the way you came. You might even catch an enemy on the airfield on the way back. Japan knows allies always climb to the South or go straight in low for the landing craft and they have alt and performance advantages so why keep flying right into them? If 3 bombers just go west and do their job right it can be game over for Japan. Sometimes all you need to do is loiter and climb a bit at your spawn and let the fighters clear the skies before heading in... particularly on some German and Russian maps when flying as allies. Let your teammates know this is your plan and they'll enjoy having a mission with a purpose. It helps them to get their game face on. This is more effective than asking for escorts IMHO as it's hard to protect bombers, it keeps fighters from getting the kills they want and the fighters not escorting can get overwhelmed by the enemy's numbers because escort fighters are leaving their teammates short-handed. It's also amazing how many multi-role fighter/bomber pilots never carry bombs on maps where they can make a big difference. As Brits on Hokkaido, a fully loaded Hellcat can single-handedly slow or stop the ground war by bombing/strafing the vehicle columns on the left and also flying in a fighter role to take out enemy bombers which are usually operating in the same area. While it's guns can't take out the tanks, I've noticed that taking out the AAA/trucks makes our ground assets less distracted by them and they focus more on killing the tanks for better effect. And hey, it's kills and points for you. It doesn't take long to help with the ground war and you can then make yourself useful by attacking fighters. Anyway, I'm just saying use predictability to your advantage, keep adding different strategies to your bag of tricks and it can increase your kill and win rates. It's more interesting and less frustrating than hitting a few GT's and then giving the enemy a kill anyway.
I fly the Ki-43-III a lot and will admit I sometimes get Hayabusa guilt from doing so well with it. However, that plane really was that good and it's actually under-performing with the over-heat nerf and flaming like a Zero even though it had rudimentary rubber coated self sealing tanks. The Oscar shot down more allied planes than any other Japanese plane in WW2. I've submitted several bug reports for and against several characteristics with its FM and when I dug into its historical specs... yeah it pretty much turned, rolled and climbed like a dream. So fighting it 1v1 is a nightmare and 2 or more planes need to work together to take away its options. It was more rugged than a Zero but not as fast as the Japanese interceptors so I do agree however that it's top critical speed is a little too high which is how it's able to keep up with faster planes in a dive and can often reach that higher energy state because of its climb rate. Good Oscar pilots know to climb instead of chase and then dive on you when you come back around. (It's not real life where a pilot can run home. WT is more like a cage match where 2 pilots enter and 1 pilot leaves.) I also think they do a little too well at high alt. Barring those two things, I really think the issue is that the P-51 (several US planes actually) need some buffs IMHO.
I've seen it in some war movies/shows like Blackhawk Down and Generation Kill. It's not the weight... it's the heat from the just fired round which usually goes down the soldier's collar and he's like "Ow! Ow! Ow!"... lol.
The Ki-43-III over-heat issues are much worse than most planes even though previous variants didn't have this issue and it was designed to operate in a tropical climate. It's just a blatant dev nerf. I filed a bug report about this but it was rejected as I couldn't find any supporting evidence because since Oscars weren't known for having this issue so it simply wasn't noted... a catch 22. (Also, good luck finding docs for a prototype plane they only made 2 of.) It also doesn't make sense in terms of game balance when a Corsair can WEP infinitely in the same climate. I definitely agree that the whole WEP system needs to be revamped as well. It wasn't on tap like we have it and should only be used in emergencies for a limited amount of time or uses (depending on the system used) as some types could ruin the engine IRL. Pilots probably went from feeling relief for it saving their lives to grief for the hell they'd catch from their mechanics when they got back... lol. And yeah, only a few Ki-43-III prototypes were made but this can be said for a number of planes in its BR range. I think the Yak-3P is more of a scourge to Tier III than the Hayabusa which was a post WW2 plane that never fought anything in its BR range IRL. It also retains energy in a climb better than the Oscar. Finally, the Oscar doesn't fit everyone's flying style so it's not over-used by any means. The cannons are great but it takes a lot discipline to use it's few hundred rounds well unlike spraying and praying with several thousand MG rounds. For whatever their reasons, I see my teammates favoring Zero's and interceptors more than the Ki-43-III. As for me? I'm that murdering bastard that you hate although now I'm on a kick to find allied planes that can consistently defeat it. As far as the P-51 goes, it's heavily documented so it's a pretty easy matter of filing a bug report in the FM section of the WT moderated forums with proof that it's not flying to spec. It's a pain with all the hoops you have to jump through now but worth it in the end. You could also take a crack at lowering the Hayabusa's top critical speed back to 625 kph from the current 650 kph which should put it where it needs to be. I gave up posting bugs shortly after the last major patch because they ninja fixed so many things without reporting them that the Oscar's FM was changing more than a teenage girl changing clothes. Things have settled down a bit since then though so it's probably a good time to start thinking about posting FM bugs again.
Cool. I just figured it couldn't after trying to hit one from the side or front once. With ease? I know they can take out light pillboxes but there's a ridiculously small hit box. Looking forward to trying it though. Thanks.
BFG.
Seen what? A military exercise in Hokkaido? Throw us a bone here OP.
The max crit speed changed again since I last checked it then. Then again, I noticed they laxed out the rip speed on several other planes as well. It seems that whenever they make broad FM changes (even sometimes just to try something unrelated to speed) the Ki-43-III FM often changes drastically. It changed at least a half dozen times in the month after the last big update. I recall one instance not too long ago where the controls would totally freeze at 450 kph. But yeah, like I said before, it's diving a bit too fast. Then again, other planes can dive faster with a more forgiving break apart speed now as well. Also, many planes seem to fly a bit faster than their historical specs in game so it's probably a balance thing. Anyway, I guess this is what happens when they focus on releasing more planes instead of refining the FM's. Lots of bugs slip under their radar with so many planes to test. All you can do is keep posting bug reports in the FM section of their moderated forums.
When driving my car, I mentally pull lead on cars in front of me when we're in a curve. It's pure instinct now.
Even the name is f'd up. It sounds like a medical name for some mysterious part of the vagina.
What no mustang luv? That plane is a secksy bitch.
You can PM someone using the in-game chat. Just type "/" plus first three letters of their name and then the message. So "snozberry" would be "/sno &lt;message&gt;". Apparently we've been able to do this forever. No one knows it though and it's been hard to resist using it to scare people into thinking I'm a mod to stop them from being annoying.
Flair your post so it can be upvoted btw.
Don't hold back Russia. What do you really think? I mean I don't get you sometimes. You're so hard to read.
The tane tictates the tumber of tiny tim tockets tou tan tire.
I have no thoughts on the P/F-80 other than wanting to grind to the next jet up the tree.
Is that font in google translate 'cuz I could barely read that shit. Cool 'toons otherwise. ;)
Nice work. Always like dedicated detailed info posted in this sub.
Shoot the gas!
