yes, the bill mollison designers manual plus edible forest gardens contains more information than every other permaculture book combined. especially for the temperate area you are in
budget? indoor outdoor?
pushing people to trump
a hobby with positive economic outcome for me personally.
Many people dont realize that ag lease rates are incredibly low and much cheaper than purchasing on payments.
maine is short season and needs a lot of land for growing fuel wood. most of the soil is infertile as well
as long as the gulf stream doesnt screw up ireland is choice.
3 acres will keep you busy and well fed. Once you get everything running smooth you can just start working way less hours at a "real job" because you dont need to work for others to get basic necessities. and considering you make drugs you may retire early
have you ever pooed in the streets though, its so worth it
This is like 90% of the native forest in puna district
they had the tubes sitting in open feces right before putting them in the tanks
one would think that but if food prices become too high for the 1st world lower classes there may still be turmoil. EBT cards were shut off and it caused some small riots in the usa already i think.
This is a good point which can lead people to the strategy of decommoditifying their products by selling not just X commodity but instead Free range organic grassfed sustainable nutrient density enhanced bird friendly shade grown fair trade X .
all these people would have the land around them immediately purchased by foreign corporations and these rednecks would be minimum wage slaves for the "orientals"
i concur
i dont understand what your saying. please clarify
who is saying 10degrees 100 meter sea level rise? how did i misrepresent skepticism?
i brilliant, u dumber
how am i misrepresenting the position of skeptics?
10 degrees Fahrenheit is the **lowest** estimate of the 2100 ipcc BAU scenario. What are you talking about when you say it isnt reasonable.
Business as usual gets us 8.5 *Celsius* according to the conservative ipcc. that is MUCH hotter than 10 Fahrenheit
your a silly little troll
What is your budget?
if they took the lower end of the ipcc business as usual scenario they would still be showing major warming
Did anyone notice this baby looks exactly like bill burr
Y did it ruin for U?
( ))IIIIIIIIID ~~~
ANAL TENDIES!?!
WE HAAVE OLD JOKE IN MY MOTHER COUNTRY. STALIN HAD THE TOP SCIENTISTS MAKE HALF APE HALF HUMAN, THIS IS HOW WE GET GORBECHEV! HHAHAHAAAAHA
they just need to pull themselves up by the bootstraps ive been told. My bootstraps are defective, I keep pulling but still no startup capital appears.
saudi arabia has enough foreign exchange reserves to go 4-5 years without even borrowing money. commodity prices dropping and bubbles popping is hardly a new phenomenon to industrial civilization.
A economic crash is really just people reducing their ecological footprint involuntarily. There is no reason we cant have a good ol' economic crash and still keep on going with the whole system anyway, i dont see the whole system falling apart. edit: i do see the whole system falling apart.just not anytime soon or from a mere greatest depression.
suppose a lack of credit could make things grind to a standstill but it would most likely be a temporary crisis because someone will see the opportunity to provide credit for massive interest rates and goods will ship again with the now much higher cost of credit access priced into the goods. unless the temporary standstill period creates enough social chaos and cascading destruction.
hillary is pure elite puppet. people are hoping trump is too stupid and stubborn to be a puppet
primitivism is just the way anarchism will look if people dont have to allow their landbase to be logged, mined, and monocropped. The high level of technological complexity we currently live in is dependent upon the coercion to access those resources tech needs. All anarchism is primitivism its just that anarchists that apply other adjectives to the end of Anarcho- dont have the detailed understanding of the dependency structure of our technological level on coercion. So your right, all anarchism wants to stop coercion and kicking indigenous people off the land. Im right because the end result is everyone saying no to environmental toxification in their own bioregion. Most tech is dependent on resource extraction, most resource extraction is environmentally destructive, people dont allow the destruction in their own area without coercion. The technologies that can emerge without coercion may be significantly more advanced than bows and arrows, this level of tech is still compatible with primitivism.
said elliot roger
its still funny because of all the cowards that let those economic relations exist instead of having a revolution.
The ppt makes infinite ammo
i bet there is a rap song about it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRLb-J-Fu2Y
there is no limit to the amount of ammo just its effectiveness since pumping too much in makes inflation
my families retirement accounts are lottery tickets and broken dreams
My dad is 62 has a broken back from working hard labor his whole life and he shot 3 deer and one pig in the last 2 weeks. Traded meat for help dragging animals. i figure i can do the same shit my white trash family has been doing since appalachia and the rust belt. living off the land and hustlin however we can. im building social capital, connections and people that love me . When peoples retirement accounts are bailing in the banks we will just be trading garden produce for mechanic work or wild boar for canning jars. If you live in a small town rural area like 35% of the people have no employment but they all wheel and deal and trade, somehow everyone stays alive. Its weird. We did plumbing work building irrigation for a big garden in trade for use of about half of that persons 3 acre garden for ourselves still using it 10 years later. Grew more veggies than i can eat, i donated so much to "food not bombs" that we fed as much as 100 bums in a single day fresh veggies. a bunch of veggies went to seed and i saved them all and have been trading them for all kinds of stuff. I figure once im old if no one cares enough about me to help me out i am pretty fine with just dying in the bush.
im not a failure, ive succeeded at living the high life and your concept of me deserving punishment is twisted and psycho.
how do "irresponsible americans drag you down."
what?
for free with a broken bottle
there are ways of allocating your wealth to assets that arent vulnerable to "poof its gone" scenarios.
Stop paying taxes! then Stop complaining about it. People didnt consent to this fucked up corporate/military-welfare social structure. Just because your too weak to break free from the system and suffer because of it doesnt mean other people should be punished for not contributing to that fucked up system.
you can own hard assets like land and businesses. I makes way over 100%apy interest on my investments. last month i bought a scooter for $800 on craigslist then resold it for $1500 in less than 2 weeks. you can do stuff like this and get way higher returns than the stock market. i have plenty of strategy, i havent worked a real job in eleven years. i retired when i was 24 years old
And on occasion it accomplishes a better more just society.
