Hopefully.
If we could try shooting the fucking puck. You guys aren't talented enough to play like the Sedins.
Holy shit Weber can you please get the fuck out of our lineup?!
Weak goal, Blackwood.
How patriotic of you.
That *may* be the case (I personally disagree but it very well could be) but it could just be a timing thing. Look at how long it took Daniel to get his shot back after the Duncan Keith incident. Most sports don't have kids start playing in the majors until they're 22-24. If Virtanen is that old and still unable to make it in the NHL then I'll be worried. At 19? Yeah, definitely not.
Man, if we could snag Drouin under similar circumstances I would be over the fucking moon.
Ahh the old No True Scotsman argument. Whether Trekkies accept it or not, JJ's new Star Trek movies ARE Star Trek. You guys got your philosophical movies for *years* and you know what happened? They bombed. Film after film, until it looked like Star Trek might be done and then JJ stepped in and revitalized the franchise. Hopefully the success of these films will spawn a TV series for you guys or something, which is what Star Trek is far better suited for, and leave the blockbusters to be exactly that: Blockbusters.
Damn so close for Boeser!
Those are some silky hands
No he's probably jet lagged still
If he did that would be pretty fucking shameful of our fans.
DUDE WTF
No way we're winning one of these.
Barring Henrik's injuries getting more severe I could see the Twins sticking with the team at least another three seasons, probably involving them taking a discount on their next contracts. Would be unreal to see them as our second line once the kids get better. I'd assume Henrik stays captain during that tenure.
Yeah so, ya know, we need to get pucks to the net and get in on the forecheck, the other team is playing hard and we need to play a full two hundred foot game you know
Uh why the fuck is MacIntyre slamming Eddie Lack. Wtf?!
Holy fuck how did I totally forget Tanev lol Jesus.
Oh god when is this circle jerk gonna end? Get the fuck over it, it's four fucking games.
Ferraro was, if that helps give context to this.
Really? Cmon dude, it's 2005.
What? I know that, I was under the impression your comment was arguing that fact.
Dorsett is one of the hardest working Canucks on the ice. Don't hate him for the way Willie deploys him or how much Benning pays his. Prust? Different story. Cracknell is replaceable. But Dorsett I actually like being on the team, so long as he's glued to the fourth line.
Life always holds the uncertainty of death, no matter your profession. Who are we to judge others for what they do? "If you have a daughter you shouldn't be a policeman, or a firefighter, or a taxi driver, or a doctor, or a logger, or a miner, or an airplane pilot, etc etc..."
Again, no one is forcing you to click on these threads. If we want to talk about it we will. You're welcome to do your own thing.
Actually he probably would. One of my logging buddies had a tree fall on him three months or so back and once it healed was back out there. A couple weeks after he got back one of his buddies died on the job. Still went back. It's almost as if people can be aware of the risk and still make a choice on their own despite said risk.
Higgins in, McCann out? #justWilliethings
Never thought the award for Worst Suit Ever could go to anyone other than Don Cherry. Nope, not tonight. This singer man.
Can someone tell me why the fuck Dorsett is on with the Sedins?
Goddamnit Weber can you just stay in the dressing room?
Time for Dorsett, right?
Not his fault for getting stuck with Higgins. Brutal.
LUUUUUUUUUUUUU HOLY FUCK
When is an Edler slap shot *not* blocked immediately leading to a turnover?
Sooooo instead of a $5 Foot Long it's a $4 6 inch? Wtf Subway?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Way faster than I thought. Honestly liking what I'm seeing so far. Good hustle. Could just be adrenaline from a new team.
Practically nothing about the actual game, just a bunch of off-ice drama. Probably one of the worst Provies I've read.
I mean I get not wanting to switch up the Bo Bae Vrby line and Burrows has been invisible but *fucking Dorsett*??
I think the odd shift would be okay, maybe on a rush play up the ice. Jake's Hockey IQ doesn't mix well with the cycling but if he can just get in front of the net we'd be golden.
I don't think Vrbata even knows what that word means..
Just wait till the r/KassianGifs start rolling
But that's not what you said. You said no team goes from missing the playoffs to winning the Stanley Cup. Context does wonders.
If you're taking time out of your day to watch hockey wives then your opinion is kind of nullified about this.
At this point I can't even tell if people are being sarcastic or not.
Yeah but Bo and Baer are burning hot right now so they've kinda forced his hand.
Way to go.
Is that Mason Raymond in #26?
Is there another way to say it?
Prust doesn't do it enough to make him worth the roster spot. And he only does it against weak opponents.
