I don't know, I always classify them as ass-kicking ska because it's hard to find a ska band with the same feel to their music. You know, that 'let's go rob a bank' feel.
Just starting getting into The Hands That Thieve- what's everyone's favorite song on that album? I'm big on The Littlest Things and Toe To Toe so far, but I always worry that I'm missing out on gold when I first listen to a new album.
UGH They Provide The Paint for the Picture-Perfect Masterpiece You Will Paint On The Inside Of Your Eyelids Maybe the most perfect song ever
Unpopular Opinion: Keasbey Nights was better done by Catch 22. The sheer emotion behind the album shone through more when a bunch of young guys made it with hope in their hearts; Streetlight's version sounds much more like a technically perfect virtuoso-fest which, while it's nice in its own way, dilutes some of the sheer raw-ness of the original. I love Streetlight Manifesto, also.
The Receiving End of it All has this amazing medley near the end... I love the everlasting fuck out of that song.
I'm convinced that the band is 100% tired of labels doing this stuff...
This. Relationships are the holy grail of teaching. You're not going to get through to students if you don't have a strong relationship with them. I think it starts with having talks as opposed to giving talks: "Hey, so. I noticed that things aren't going horribly well in class. I want the best for you, I want success for you, and I want to know what I/we can do to make class more interesting/worthwhile/difficulty-appropriate." Now I realize that this is not always practical. But. It's worth putting in the effort. And trust me, some students will say things like "I don't care about subject x" and "oh but subject x is so important because blah reasons that teenagers can't relate to" isn't going to do much. But, again, it's worth putting in the effort. Sometimes just showing students that you notice things about them and that you care about them is all you need to do.
Username checks out. You know what sounds like a good pursuit for you? Finding a way to make it without having any part of 'it,' the misery and the meetings and the minivans. You just need to find that thing that you love doing that you would never, ever stop doing, then you need to offer it to the world. Also, screw homework.
Whatever. Leveling up is leveling up. I'm just now getting ready to move on to Emperor from King after winning a domination as Venice, and I'm still proud of myself. True honor comes from besting one's self, not from besting another. So don't be so hard on yourself.
Nah. You're just fulfilling your destiny as a great civilization. Source: Am American
I never start. Venetians will settle for nothing.
It looks like you'll be fine without all of the documents, but it will set you back 130,000 Won. Source: [Waygook.org](http://www.waygook.org/index.php?topic=73456.0)
Honestly, if there's a place to stop drinking, it's probably Korea. I've never been more drunk anywhere else than here, and it can definitely act as a "come to sober Jesus" moment. Good on you.
You again!
Wow, what an awesome resource! Thanks for sharing this- I may find myself in my own housing search soon, and this is a very empowering thing to have. Cheers!
God. I. Suck at Minecraft.
Finally get a moment alone with the old man, He's having trouble breathing, And he's not the only one, only one, He wonders where time goes, And why we haven't spoken for so long. He regrets it, He forgets it, And none too soon... Because he's closing his eyes and fading. Harvey Danger - Jack the Lion
I picked Minecraft up again a few days ago after having not played for about 3 months, and it struck me that I forgot how to do that trick. And it hurt. And then I remembered, and everything was okay. This is a really useful thing, thanks for putting it back out there.
No idea what everyone is talking about with Reddit drama. Don't care. Everything is great, la la la la la.
That was wonderful. It's amazing how solid team play still doesn't take the spotlight in the Association, even after the Spurs' legacy has shown its merits.
Fuck me. How much did the doctor's expertise cost you? -_- EDIT: My bad, assumed expensive and lazy American doctor
Okay, then. Why don't we fund him?
Thanks for this. I get Boolean logic, but for some reason the whole thing gets lost in translation when it comes to Redstone. It's really hard for me to wrap my head around. I'm going to head to the links posted below and try to figure out how Redstone works in a Boolean sense, and then maybe I'll start recognizing what these gates look like and how everything pieces together. Cheers.
I have a crazy idea for everyone: Let's. See. What. Happens.
ESL teacher here. Conditional language? Native-level. Use of parentheses in writing? Native-level. Use of 'bucks,' also native-level comfort with the language. The only thing that's missing is a comma between "answer" and "I'll," and you're on Reddit so your language meets the grammatical requirements dictated by the context. Nobody cares about the missing comma.
Hey, at least you fixed it. And don't worry, one could easily make a part-time job of telling the internet that Marshall Law is a Tekken character, not the existence of a police state.
China with a more modern / productive bonus under Mao, while still using the Paper Maker and Chu-Ko-Nu? Awesome. Korea with Admiral Yi Sun Shin, getting a movement / combat bonus with naval units? Awesome.
Delete Facebook, hit the gym.
See, the thing is that some people consider EDM to be music.
Are you pulling my leg?
Speights nailed him in the back / back of the neck at the end of the play. Not good at all.
BUY A GODDAM BOWTIE
The thirteenth colony...
SO! SAY! WE! ALL! ...so. Say. We all.
Why do they insist on driving on the damn sidewalk Or why are they always standing in doorways Or get out of my way, I'm coming off the subway, I am supposed to go first
Your ideas are a social construct Everything is meaningless
Hey, maybe Daniel Bryan can lose a title to Roman Reigns in five seconds at a Wrestlemania. That seemed to go over really well the last time it happened. EDIT: A letter
Because it's boring
Respect = Respect + 1 Honesty really is the best policy
TIFU by starting a land war in Asia
This is not to say that life is entirely meaningless, it is only to say that our lives only have the meaning which we prescribe to them; this is wholly liberating, as it puts us in control of our own purpose. It has, however, been said that freedom is terrifying.
All movements go too far. --Bertrand Russell (not a fictional child)
Nikola Tesla puts in a shocking performance tonight
Maybe you shouldn't have played Diablo 3 as much as you did.
Jesus Christ, man. Nobody wants to learn to ride. Calm down.
You're way too harsh in your interactions with everyone, and I largely consider you part of the reason the sub is so toxic this year. That said, I agree with you. Batumania was a bit much last year; simply mentioning the guy turned into a /popcorn fest. Let's all try to be better to each other, guys, even when we disagree. We're all here for the basketball.
The last time there was an obvious great idea to build towards at Mania, Daniel Bryan lost his title to Sheamus in ten seconds.
Yeah, man. I was there. I didn't let it keep me from sleeping at night, and it didn't make me bitter to the point that I took it upon myself to criticize the entire sub's English comprehension skills. This isn't Stalingrad. It's fantasy basketball. Try to chill.
HAAAAAAAAAAANDS UP We may be having a bloody rough season, but damn if we didn't just join the "We Beat GSW Club," the NBA's most exclusive club atm. Holy damn.
How dare you speak ill of Blandy Boreton?
