Thinnest *and* sexiest
&gt; Nearest match for jony is Jonathan Ive: Petition to add /u/autowikibot to approved?
Haha, I think i know too well how isolated it is, considering I live here lol
Contrary to popular belief, Canadians and Quebecers usually get on quite fine. Plus, we wouldn't be able to take credit for glorious poutine without them!
That and the subredditdrama post
Did you read his comment?
&gt;looks better They are not even comparable, Apple watch looks professional, the pebble time looks like a toy. &gt;works just as well if not better If all you want is better battery and waterproof... Then sure. But if you're taking into account display, build quality, fitness aspects, more and better apps, refined software, innovative features, aesthetics, customer service, well known brand, etc...then no.
Like what?
&gt;The Spanish Navy prepared a surface task group with frigates and tankers, but Spain eventually decided against sending it. Negotiations ceased on March 25, and the following day, Canadian ships cut the nets of the Spanish trawler Pescamero Uno. The Spanish Navy responded by deploying a second patrol boat. Canadian warships and patrol planes in the vicinity were authorized by Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrétien to fire on Spanish vessels that exposed their guns. This was known as "the turbot war." I think Canada did the right thing, trying to stop overfishing
Your phone can't take your heartbeat and isn't as accurate. Plus, it's much easier to see the information when it's on your wrist.
No matter what your opinion (which I think is stupid) on the watch is, you're already wrong. It sold a million units in the first day, and continues to sell 30 000 a day. That's far from a flop. &gt;It's just a redundant gadget that's fun to play with for a while until the novelty wears off and you fall back to the necessities like your iPhone. As someone who actually *owns* one and isn't making baseless comments, you're definitely wrong. I've found tons of uses for it, and I'm excited to see the future of the device.
Damn dude, you're really on the Apple hate bandwagon, aren't you? Apple has always waited to reveal sales numbers until their next event (WWDC), and if sales analysts are correct, this things *already* generated billions in sales for Apple.
Proof?
Except Edmonton's actually a nice city...
Hilaruous! How long did it take you to come up with that one, an hour? Wouldn't be surprised, people like you have the intelligence of a 6 year old.
I think the largest company in America knows what they're doing...
Launching a new product category would take significant research, R and D, and decision making by experienced people with various business degrees. Apple is known for making slow, but correct steps.
It's like Christmas time!
Yeah, the guy wasn't a sovereign citizen, he just didn't speak the language and misunderstood what was happening.
This sub will up vote anything negative that has to do with Apple. It's kinda pathetic, really.
Are we really just upvoting circlejerk posts now?
What an uninformed and stupid thing to say.
&gt; More locally, it has 4GB of onboard storage Hilarious you say that, Apple Watch has double the storage. Shows that you don't really know what you're talking about.
Yeah, but you can use the rest of the storage for everything else, like pictures and apps.
It's calibrated to track your steps, which can then determine distance.
Yeah, it's event time, so all the Android fanboys come here and fill this sub with shit. Happens every time there's an Apple event.
If not your phone and your watch are connected to the same wifi network, you don't need your phone in your pocket. For example, you can leave your phone in your bedroom and use your watch in the backyard
Buy things on iTunes?
It's either Apples or Googles. Pick one.
Don't forget Apple!
Canada as well
Nah, but Imagine Dragons is doing great
I'm not saying it's useful for everybody, I was just trying to say it's not useless either, like OP said they were.
Oh man, it's everywhere.
As a Canadian: shit.
What the fuck?
Jim B signs his name because Jim B is awesome.
Go fuck yourself
Yeah, you're right. We should've just stood by and watched as Germany took over Europe and killed millions of innocents.
Did you just switch from French to English mid sentence?
Yup, looks like Edmonton.
Nope, but the YouTube video was uploaded from the actual motorcyclist. edit: unfortunately the video has been removed from YouTube.
I have a French exam tomorrow, so I'm studying the best way I know how: With reddit, haha I'm from Edmonton, and I think I like it too much to move somewhere else haha. Always wanted to visit Montreal though!
Apparently the driver was 15, and was practicing after getting her learners. Went too far into the intersection after a red light, freaked out, and reversed without looking apparently haha.
Yeah what your friend did was stupid, but what Malaysia is suggesting is just insane. They should just fine him for being nude or whatever then give him back to Canada. Otherwise I hope our government steps in.
&gt; Free form icons like on Android (each one has a different shape). Oh, god! The horror!
The video was as long as the gif, and AFAIK he said nothing.
As someone who lives in North America but not the United States, I've never heard anyone call our continent "America." It's sounds unbelievably stupid. Americans aren't called "United States of Americans," they're just called "Americans," and everyone I know who says "America" is talking about the U.S. If you're referencing the continent, you sound like a pretentious douchebag. -sincerely, an angry Canadian.
Awesome, thanks dude
But spreading misinformation (that the watch doesn't even last a day) isn't helping anyone.
