Which part and why if you don't mind? Sounds like you're smiling because of a decline in the numbers of American Catholics, the comment you replied to. Is that a correct assessment or is it something else? I just want to be clear.
I appreciate your response. It sounds like what I would come up with thinking about it on my own, I just need to be careful I don't agree with you because of my own bias on the subject. I suspect others with similar views, and hopefully an opposing viewpoint, will add to your response. Have a good evening bud.
That's good to know. Thanks for the feedback. Would you say it's the same across all grades or is there a diffence in later grades as the focus shifts toward higher education? Does that degree of hands on maintain at the middle/high school levels?
Tunnel Snakes Rule!
Well, looks like both he and his character failed their save throws.
Murderers get +3 to all saves. You know, for posterity.
Must be the train station you get off at during your initial strike on Shinra HQ.
Those aren't salepeople, those are assholes. It's one thing to be a go-getter salesperson, it's another to be an annoying douchenozzle. But hey, gotta make that nut each quarter. Turn those machines back on! Sell, Sell, Sell!
Porters has been in the works to close for a while now. That wasn't sudden at all. MSD bought the location for a treatment plant (or something thereabouts).
Photoshop tackle, that's what.
The tail is a dead giveaway that it's a shop job. They tried though. They attempted to match the shadow across her shirt even.
You and I both.
She used to be attractive. I mean she still is but she used to be too.
The whole movie is full of classic lines.
Fifth Third bank is Mastercard.
Pretty sure most TSA workers have failed 95% of all the other tests they've taken in their lives. How else does one end up with the TSA.
I used to play a game called Guardian Legend that had a similar BS code pattern for returning to your save. Such a hard game, such a pain to enter the code.
This pervert should do the world a favor and hang himself in his cell tonight. Not only a child predator but a teacher of young men. Disgusting. Edit: I'm guessing whomever downvoted my comment supports this man and his actions. Sad. Edit2: Are there that many Trinity kids on Reddit? What's with the circlejerk downvoting? You want this guy to be free? Do you want the court system to pay to prosecute and house people like this? Any other day of the week Reddit's mindset is that pedo's should get what's coming to them, yet this guy /r/louisville wants to defend? He's admitted to it all, so it's not a question of quilt. Do you want this guy on our streets and in our schools? Judging by the love in this whole thread for this guy, looks like there are a lot of former students defending him. You are defending someone who is now an admitted sex offender, you realize that right? An admitted sex offender in the education system, how do you justify that, honestly, plead your case. It doesn't matter how nice he was to you as a substitute teacher, he's a wolf in sheeps clothing. Any one of you or your classmates could have been a victim and you're lucky he was found out before something more severe occurred.
A young Mini Driver.
I here he charged about tree fity to sew buttons.
Well, the cop in movies not playing by the rules is usually part of a corrupt police unit/precinct and almost always shirking the rules to do the right thing. Rather than shooting dogs and innocent folk.
Grab a hose?
The experience of failure is pretty important. Trying something once and failing is okay. Try it again, learn from your mistake. If you fail again, chances are if it's something you can do the third time is much more likely to be successful. You've done it a few times, learned what not to do and thought a lot more about how to do it. You've probably develop at least some muscle memory and if you're already failed a couple times, you've got that fear out of the way. A lot of doing something is getting over that initial fear of failure. It's like trying to ride a skateboard on a halfpipe. You are going to fall the first time you try it, so it's easy to talk yourself out of doing it. If you just suck it up, do it, take the fall, you get over that fear and can then move onto overcoming any true physical rather than psychological barrier.
We've quite simply attacked way too many chickens.
Which half of your sister are you hooking up with? The top half or bottom half? And why is she in pieces?
That's a frightful thought. You're probably correct.
Jesus Christ, Gil! There's just something things you don't talk about in public!
Bill Nye?! Holy hell, proximity to all that cool science stuff really does a number on the skin. Must have been noxzema.
Are you talking about IT as in Information Technology (programming, hardware, web design, etc), a standard call center (you reference phone calls and scripts), or doing phone tech support (a specific type of the previous option). It sounds like you could be talking about all three and all three are vastly different job types/fields with different pay and responsibilities.
I would think so, that's usually the case in situations like this. The story says they acquired assets, which in this case is likely the 11,000 accounts they service. From the article: "RealPage plans to combine Indatus with its Level One live agent solutions and their chief financial officer says merging the two platforms should remove redundant technology, costs and boost revenue." They are based in Texas and do similar work. They aren't likely to relocate their operation from Texas to Louisville and in order to " merging the two platforms should remove redundant technology, costs and boost revenue" the only way to do that to the tune of $49million is to shut this location down, hire some more staff in Texas and handle the 11,000 accounts they purchased at their main location.
Let's hope it works out that way then. Any idea how many employee's they currently have if they are keeping 80? I wonder if the cuts will be call center or development. Dev's get paid more than phone reps....
Start saving your caps chiilllllldren.
Third Son of the Third Son?
Good luck getting a water gun through TSA.
Moss Def is a really talented heart guy.
Learn to meta. If it's been mentioned on the front page in the past 48 hrs consider it common Reddit meta for the next 48. Standard.
Holy hell, I missed the internet?!
Hey bro, you're late with your part of the rent again. You're gonna have to scratch my balls for another month whenever I need it. That's the deal, remember.
Haven't watched South Park in...10 yrs (jesus!). Context?
Which brings up the point: Someone will be the first one to take Jenners new V-Card.
Is there a more Irish name than Patrick Murphy?
That dog is not on a leash. Savages in this town.
Man, I'm so glad to hear that. In my experience, ghosts are very reliable pet owners. ESP when it comes to dogs.
I'm laughing, but somehow, I still don't understand. But thanks for the link. I must've gotten old somewhere in the last 10yrs.
Typical ghosts.
Deaf? Do you mean mute?
I knew a Bosnian girl who when she would go to the bathroom would say, "It's time to watch the bearded dragon spit". She never let me watch though.
Bunches. Love would be measured in bunches, of course.
I love lamp.
It only gets harder. Welcome to Grownupland.
