US prices almost never include tax.
Who said anything about Sara? Her entire interaction with Oliver has been nagging and whiny. Her actions caused more trouble than needed to happen for people she cares about. She's just not as compelling as a character as she used to be. You're free to disagree, but stop putting words in my mouth.
You can upgrade from whatever you're on to win10, then get your key and do a fresh install with an ISO of it most likely.
Not directly. You'd have to install your copy of Win10 on the machine to do the upgrade because it has to validate and disable the old key before giving you the free upgrade. The OS itself isn't free, so they're not freely upgrading technical preview users. That said, we don't really know for sure how the whole process will go. So who knows? Maybe they will have a website where you can validate and download an ISO for a clean install. EDIT: Just found [this info](http://www.pcworld.com/article/2921034/windows-10-preview-testers-will-get-a-free-upgrade-to-final-rtm-version.html).
This is interesting. The only reason to do something like this is to attract existing Android developers. This would mean a lot of Android development practices should apply to their new platform, as well. But all of this is moot if they don't make development for their platform free or nearly free like it is for Google's Android. Wonder if they've learned some lessons. This could be an exciting new direction for Nintendo.
They said the amiibo is exclusive to the bundle.
Are you sure it wasn't a sword? Because that's what I remember.
Who said I was either? I don't favor this ruling, but I'd hardly call myself upset over it. I'm always of the opinion that busineses should be able to enforce dress codes and choose who to and not to serve.
What issues?
I use electrical tape. It doesn't come off easily like the adhesive on those sticky thermometers and it keeps the cables managed pretty well. Though, I can understand if you'd be apprehensive about this given what happened recently.
I most certainly plan on it. Just need to figure out what kind of hookah app I want to make.
Dog companion DLC: $3.99
Can't wait for this. I put so many hours into Fallout 3...
Butter *and* salt is the way to go.
Nah. Just Jose. That's who he is.
It seems likely.
If you want to, go ahead. I'm banned from /r/news.
I preferred the first Uncharted over Uncharted 2. I'm weird.
The story. Sure, the gameplay wasn't quite as polished, but I just enjoyed the adventure and the journey more in the first one. I always felt compelled to move forward. By the end of the 2nd one, I was just running out of steam.
I love how the media is framing this new bill as something that reformed and fixed so many problems. So full of shit.
Thanks for the clarification. Just wanted to make sure we were on the same page.
Yes. Clean install is helpful if you have to replace a hard drive or if after the upgrade things start acting wonky.
Sorry about the confusion before. I forgot the referendum specifically called out how this post should be titled. Fixed now to reflect this as the 22nd vote. People already voted so I don't want to delete the actual vote in the voting app. If/when /u/kuilin sees this, he may be able to edit the vote name in the app code. Also, as I mentioned last time, I know the sidebar hasn't been updated to reflect the newly passed rules and referendums. I should be able to get to that after work today unless another mod handles it before I'm home.
Oh boy. Fixed. I haven't had much caffeine today.
How's everyone doing today?
[Screenshots](http://imgur.com/a/xvgxG)
I honestly don't know all the details of how it works. The article explains some basics. Regulations are different than the lump sum they pay if they bring cash back over directly.
The Urbane is beautiful. I want one. But I really should wait a bit longer and see what Moto does with the 2nd gen 360.
Congrats to /u/OverdoseAR for winning last week's contest!
What do you offer me for $1500?
[Source](http://www.cbsnews.com/pictures/what-am-i-seeing-strange-odd-pictures-june-5-2015/2/)
Yeah. A few of our mods have been pretty inactive here lately. I'm going to try and get things in order soon and figure out which ones want to start contributing more frequently and removing the ones that don't. If need be, we'll get more mods that can commit some time. But things have been hectic for me lately with work and other personal stuff.
Did you hear his new project, Svavelvinter? More black/death metal. But it was fantastic stuff. Released an EP last year. Hopefully we get that new Solution .45 album soon. It's supposedly just about finished.
This doesn't look political on the surface, but I feel like it's a story that belongs here because the DA bringing charges in this case seems to be looking to push a political agenda. There's so much about this story that's fucked up and weird. She was 5 and a half months pregnant. And even pro-life groups are saying this arrest is over the line and uncalled for.
It wouldn't be a ZP review without humorous criticisms. Even his most favorite games get ragged on. This was a very good review by his standards.
It's not a big deal though. His reviews aren't ever meant to be taken too seriously. But I agree. It was a good review.
Aren't they the best?
Very nice. I've got an X5 with a pair of Shure SE315's. I love FiiO's products, to be honest. Great music player.
Yeah, but to be fair, they have already shown off some open world gameplay.
Should be fixed now.
She *might*, though.
So then go to the company that wrote said article and get them to take it down. Google is just indexing sites and showing results for what it finds. Even if they do comply, the article is still out there and Google didn't write it.
Amon Amarth shirt? Nice.
A-Rod did 9/11.
I really need to get a pied for my next BP. Every one I see is stunningly beautiful. Great pic. Thanks for sharing.
Room 2: javascript:JoinGame(' 39721 ')
I have two of them still. But I don't use them too often. Have an Xbox One controller I tend to use more now for my PC.
Ugh. Upvoted.
I need that Pip Boy edition.
Probably just a brief issue with the rollout.
