&gt; This doesn't look like it has neither. So it has both ?
Backed up on the new Google Photos unlimited service.
There's a shortage of women in China due to the old one-child per couple policy.
Avidemux for free and basic, I use Vegas for anything more complicated but it's expensive.
Aye, it's got to start somewhere and the first smartphones were pretty terrible, it took Android a long time (KitKat) before it was as great an experience as iOS and has leapfrogged it in terms of reliability in Lolipop and probably Macaroni too...**IMO**
Definately function over form. Not my idea of gore either just very basic and practical..at least until it gets knocked over and its guts start pouring out.
Cheap to replace the battery and then you have a whole new lease of life. http://youtu.be/FnlgaPstA8o
..if he writes a book or releases a DVD.
Nope to two and three, sport is about the people not the politicians, it's one of the few ways we get to sidestep away from political (and religious) differences and just enjoy something competitively together. Politicians and heads of state should be banned from attending major sporting events in an official capacity imo.
itsaride: England is due it before Germany gets it again.
No, conventional warfare.
Crimea was annexed for economic (logistical) and military reasons.
Or put it another way, stare at the top UFO for ten seconds then the bottom UFO can tell if you're looking at it or not and changes the background accordingly.
Not sure I'd class cosplay as real life.
Can't believe I outlived Dracula.
perfect
They forgot to let the supporters in.
Seaworld Parks, with the world dropped to avoid being sued no doubt.
Well it was the Baltic!
England win 10-9 here we come!
What I've never understood about diacetyl is that it's present in high amounts in cigarettes and therefore cigarette smokers should have been developing 'popcorn lung' all along, but they haven't ..the only reason I can think of explaining this is that smoking tobacco protects the user in some way.
I have terrible uncorrected vision like an object a foot from my face is still blurry, also use varifocals..with those everything is perfectly in focus and I can't imagine anything being better than that.
It's the ejaculation part that matters.
Well I wrongly assumed they'd have the same prices everywhere, thought you might have misread, no need for proof as far as I'm concerned, might be worth checking the longer length packages if you're going to be in there for more than a day though. Get well soon!
The link goes directly to the Wordpress article for me.
The photo of Syd, fat with no hair and eyebrows gets me everytime.
Put /u/the_ultravixens on the list.
You'll be fine, you have almost the same karma as me ;). Godspeed on your recovery though!
You wouldn't vape a breast.
Chris Morris would be proud of that headline.
Looks like we found him!
You can't. They're no longer available publicly after 24 hours.
Probably why you're better off doing it...man things you know ;).
Ask mom.
Can't stop something happening, make it legal!
http://i.imgur.com/HcUguVH.jpg The good news is it looks like murders generally have dropped significantly looking at that.
Yeah, don't count the non-dying people.
I often wonder if cats would prefer bare wood to carpet, the cats round here seem to spend a lot of their time outside perched on wooden fences and seem to like it.
If he has cancer then their work is done.
All of them.
Well not *all* his...but reverse engineering is what hackers do, without that you'd have no jailbreak at all.
It's amazing how much you can get into a basket when you want to use the self-service checkouts. I have been known to carry six pints of milk in my other hand.
Yup, it's not obvious but longer taps = higher jumps, just barely tap the screen for smaller jumps.
Let's all rewrite history!
Since nobody has replied I'll guess at blood poisoning since skin is porous . That's not to say more gang members shouldn't try this though.
Hopefully investigators are busy mashing potatoes.
Could be searching for insurance...
Should have called it the hyperbole...Faaaaasstech!
it lives !
There's two poops on the pitch, they think it's all over...well it is now.
