It's nearly impossible to actually "eye test" teams cross-region in LoL. Doing that in League would be like if Asian soccer (football) teams decided to play 2 keepers and 6 strikers while European played 9 defenders and 0 keepers and America played 11 midfield. The styles, metas and overall level of comfort is hilariously inconsistent worldwide. I believe it was EU that took literally 2 months to start playing Sivir while NA and China and Korea were both well into the Sivir craze. EU is currently in an all out aggression early game and fuck teamfights meta (which got Fnatic so far at MSI) while NA is in a late game team centric meta. This is like back in S3 (I believe) except reversed. EU was the "20 minutes of nothing happening, then a team stomps a teamfight after 10 minutes wandering around baron aimlessly" region while we saw the rise of C9 with coordinated team calling and pushing early game leads to the point of the other team being entirely helpless in NA. No meta is better than the others. Late game teamfight comp falls behind massively? Well good luck with your Athene's, Rod Orianna and haunting guise armguard Rumble trying to wombo. Flipside, early game comp doesn't get the lead they need to coast to a win? Prepare for some horrendously one sided teamfights because, shockingly, Irelia/Zed/Corki can't efficiently kill Cassio/Sej/Gnar/Sivir.
Ignoring the fact that the home advantage is flawed in that it's not adjusted for relative opponent strength, the data is biased by that loss streak at home. It's a part of the "data" in the same way as if 5 darts out of 100 flat out missed a dartboard is part of the data.
I really liked Rochelle from Season 12 and Mary from Season 11. I'm not even sure why. Mary should have won, even ignoring what happened to Ja'nel. Rochelle was just silly and probably wouldn't have ran a team well, but she was just so *happy*.
Calling Diana a true assassin is greatly exaggerated. She's always been a weird Assassin/Bruiser/Mage hybrid. The shield makes no sense on an assassin, the E makes no sense for any of them honestly and the ult makes no sense for mage or bruiser.
He can't adjust to the meta. He was great during assassin meta. He was great during farm meta. He's done terrible in the mid-range meta that we have now with Azir, Cass and Viktor.
I was impressed I could understand him through the accent. That's a good sign as to how well he's actually doing with the language. His accent is still very heavy though.
It's always impressive when you find a way to get caught out as Urgot.
Kinda. She doesn't need to stay in mid-range though like Cass. Her Q is Ziggs range and her ult is pretty long range. Her E is the only really short range ability.
Why is Origen convincingly winning fights then losing objectives? That mid lane fight where they 3 for 1ed ended with SK dragon. Catching Sven and Fredy then immediately losing mid tower despite having taken 0 damage.
Fight was going fine... then like 3 people flashed over the wall to chase Sven lol.
Which team is worse, though? The one with the ADC who forgets that the meta shifts or the one with the top/jungle duo that just died TWENTY TIMES in one game.
She's great if she can put out early pressure. She's also great if your tank doesn't go 0/11.
Sorry, but no... if you just shove up to a tower against Kalista/Azir, they are going to poke you forever. That was also not a team to dive, with the Maokai, Kalista, Azir, Naut.
I mean, they'll wind up in the qualification tournament even if they don't win the split. Then, it's on them to just win.
Diamond may have had a good game, but I wasn't impressed in the last few mins (his ults weren't useful) and he was pretty bad in the other 3 games this split. He also wasn't impressive last split either.
Yeah, shit's boring when Giants play like a team. It's almost like they think they're in the LCS or something.
Giants with the "What the fuck are we even doing" teamcomp.
Seriously... Giants have below average siege (AP Kog poke is insane, but Ezreal isn't a tower taking ADC). They have no tank line and no lockdown. They have pitiful early game. How will they win? Split pushing? They can *never* group.
That feel when the 0 ping Alistar can't do the combo you can do at 100 ping.
Best part is that THEY are the ones that wanted to keep the top laner down and they didn't have to sacrifice drag pressure for it.
Did I just witness a completely wiffed Rumble ult and a Sej ult on a black shielded support?
So at what point did Svenskeren lose all talent?
"Hey this is a really good fight for Ro... WHY IS WOOLITE ON TOP OF NOCTURNE, GRAGAS AND ANNIE"
I don't see any possibility of Woolite having a roster spot in a month.
Rumble wasn't in the area. It doesn't continuously knock back.
Soaz is legitimately terrifying now. Where was this the last season with Fnatic.
I mean, they are Korea-like styling on teams at this point. This is silly and it might hurt them when they play better teams, but it's hilarious.
I think TL can beat a few Asian teams... not SKT, but some of the mid-tier Koreans and probably do well against SEA and China.
I know it didn't happen in that game, but can we just put Ezreal back into the garbage can that he belongs in? He doesn't *do* anything.
And Teemo winds up being top damage in games involving him more often than not too. Does that make him incredibly impactful? I see traditional Ezreal like a worse Corki and Blue Ez as a worst Urgot.
Why are they not fighting that? Fenix literally hit 4 with a stun and Jarvan and Alistar were both sub 500 health.
There will never be a worse Olafing than the original Eve gutting (and the slightly less impactful new Eve nerfs). Her original Olafing was more a DFG issue, though iirc.
Depending on my mood, I like to play in this meta. Some days, I just feel like being Maokai. Sometimes I feel like sitting on an ADC's face (whether mine or theirs) and making sure that my ADC is the only one doing damage. Then, sometimes, I feel like I want to play Fiora and then I realize "Oh wait, I can't do that! I won't be able to kill Maokai/Gragas/Nautilus at 20 minutes!" It's also really dull to watch, even when a top laner plays a "carry" (Rumble or Ryze basically). Laneswap meta is boring to me... it makes nothing interesting happen for 10 minutes in side lanes. Then, when you get standard lanes, it's a farm lane unless a Ryze is involved, in which case you can count on a TON of action in that lane. You'll get junglers there all the time, maybe a support here or there. And then, 10 minutes in, whether up 5 kills or down 5 kills, Ryze will hold the enemy top laner in place forever. Jungle farms forever, maybe tries a few halfhearted ganks. Mid lane is some combination of Azir/Cass/LB 95% of the time (only when two are banned will you see the super exciting AP Kog'maw... the more disgusting iteration of Ziggs), where the first two simply farm and try to be irritating or LB goes LOLOLOL I ONE SHOT YOU NOW and makes her opponent stay out of vision of her. ADC is literally Sivir, Urgot or Kalista. Kalista is the most interesting thing in the pro meta right now. Sivir is the ADC Ziggs. Urgot isn't an ADC. Support meta is at least somewhat diverse... some mages like Morg and Annie, some peelers like Janna, some engages like Thresh and Naut and then occasionally Bard, who people insist is actually a useful champion.
Kass, Zed, Ahri and TF are all not being played frequently (ie the only people playing them only play like 2 of the meta mids) because they either take way too long to be useful (Kassadin, somewhat TF), don't have the damage to kill people (Ahri, TF, somewhat Kass) or are able to be hardcountered out of the game by 25 minutes (Zed). Kass just doesn't have the damage he needs to deal with LB, Azir or Cass and he can't slow an AP Kog's farming. Ahri is just in a bad place in this meta. She has control mage damage with an assassin's kit. Cooldowns are way too long and mana costs way too high for her to get repetitive damage off. TF needs to snowball and, since the rest of the map would rather farm for 15 mins, he can't do that too well. And as for Zed, QSS. Zhonyas. GG. Urgot doesn't see much mid play anymore for some reason. I guess he doesn't get to bully Cassiopeia and Azir as much as mid laners would like. AP Kog and Varus are niche picks and Viktor still leaves me unimpressed for the most part. That's a good example of *why* Cass, Azir and LB are so strong. Viktor performs fine, but why pick Viktor when you can have Cassiopeia with an easier stun, more consistent damage, stronger scaling and inbuilt sustain only at the cost of a little range on the poke or an Azir, with longer range poke than Viktor, an escape, a great disengage tool ult and some of the safest farming AND poking in the game.
"Do I take the tank that can knock everyone away, the tank that can stun everyone, the tank that secures Baron/Dragon easily or the tank that can see everyone around her?" Your choice isn't too diverse. There are 3 super common junglers plus one that's starting to come back (unsuccessfully in many cases) and two that are comfort picks for various junglers. There are about 4 top laners: Ryze, Rumble, Maokai, Gnar. There are 3 common mids and a couple niche picks (Cass, Azir, LB then Kog, Varus, Urgot for a few). ADC is Kalista or Sivir unless one is banned, then default to a comfort pick. Support is the most diverse.
It was the fact that people only played "OP" stuff, like Nidalee, Jayce, Ezreal, etc. and would absolutely demolish you if you tried new stuff. Even if you get to throw out a cleaver every quarter second as Mundo, it just doesn't hold up to the machine gun Nidalee/Jayce lane.
Playing Combo Deathrattle priest. Sneeds is out. Opponent is at 17 health. Have the combo in my hand (Rivendare, Zombie Chow x2, Auchenai, circle). Opponent kills Sneeds. Illidan. 1 minion on board (Illidan). Play Rivendaire. Now 3. Chow #1. 5. Chow #2. 7. Try to play Auchenai. Fail. Play Circle.
No, now it's the 100%-20 with the E-W combo while being unkillable.
Likely would have clipped the Nexus, making it invuln.
For what it's worth, in my pitiful silver 4 ranked games, I snowball with Annie super hard. I start flask, never leave lane until I get a Needlessly Large Rod then work on getting my ADC as many assists as possible (I take the kills because it is still silver and I trust no one). Usually, by 25 mins I have a Ludens and at least Sorc Shoes, possibly another whole Needlessly Large Rod. At that point, I just play assassin Annie. I get Distortion fairly early and play "See ADC kill ADC". If you're not super ahead, though, you should probably consider going a more bruisery build. RoA (though it might be late for that by the time you realize you need it), Abyssal, Zhonya's, Rylai's. Basically in teamfights you are always going to look for an opportunity to Tibbers their backline, which is easier to do depending on the ADC and their tankline. I would never drop Tibbers on tanks unless you absolutely need to peel them off. If you can flash Tibbers onto 3+ people, do it (as long as your team is nearby). Usually, you can one shot someone and hit Zhonya's before they can really react.
If you aren't snowballing out of control, look to bruiser AP items. Annie can act as a pseudo tank fairly well with items like Rylai's, RoA, Abyssal and Zhonyas. Look to start with a Needlessly Large Rod, unless behind. If behind, rush RoA. If you can't pick up a few kills with the NLR, go Zhonya's. If you can, Luden's or Dcap is fine. If your team isn't snowballing after your one item, go for Rylai's or Abyssal. Basically, if you feel like your team has a lead and just needs to blow up fights quickly, go pure damage, triple Rod items. If you feel like your team isn't ahead and needs to win the long, drawn out fights, go bruisery.
I think they're good choices if you haven't gotten a lead. Annie wins fights be virtue of being overleveled a good portion of the time. An underleveled Annie with a Luden's is a lot less effective than an underleveled Annie with RoA and an Armguard.
While I like his stream, he is a terrible example of off-role play when he's stuck not going mid. He builds Full AP Janna support... He explains the little things about Annie very well and he even does a good job explaining things while playing his fallback Veigar, but he's lost playing Top (he plays Nasus and generally goes like 1/4/something), he has like one jungler (plus Annie, which I've never actually seen him do successfully, but it's something), he doesn't play ADC and his non-Annie support pool is the aforementioned AP Janna, featuring Zhonya's and Dcap.
It may be a difference in elo. I play in Silver, where I can reliably get onto a backline with a triple man Tibbers regardless of how the game is going. I've also seen a grand total of ONE Banshee's Veil on an ADC in my last 20 Annie games. If I'm stuck in a rough lane (HI LEBLANC), I build RoA. If I'm in an even or winning matchup, I rush Luden's, but I always feel like it doesn't really matter what I build when my Tibbers + W will almost always simultaneously one shot their ADC, mid laner and support.
Though, to be fair, he'd have to be eating brains for *months* and that was his big concern. He said "What's my greater good?" referring to the fact that Liv can tell herself she eats brains to catch murderers while he would eat brains and not have anything to make him feel better about it. And he would have to live the rest of his life, human or otherwise, knowing that he ate people.
It may work fine, but it's making a team oriented champion that *cannot solo carry through damage* have very little in the way of usual support utility. I'm fine with AP Sonas. I'm fine with AP Namis. Their heals aren't on their ultimates and they have fairly high scalings on their damage and utility ratios. Janna doesn't have good damage scaling. It's also somewhat of a bad habit to show lower elo players.
Well, duh. Most of us know that. I personally don't think she deserved to win even before the drug test happened. She was not the best leader.
Jwaow pls.
I really don't know what Element's plan was this game. Bard and Vayne work well together, but Gragas, Bard and Vayne all seem counterintuitive to the Ekko and Fizz.
Least Teemo support can stop an ADC from AAing for a second or two. His Bard is simply part of the enemy wombo combo somehow. I'm seriously waiting for a 5 man on own team Bard ult against Malph/Ori/Yasuo or some shit like that.
