I don't know if it's the same stuff, but while working at a factory over the summer to help make some money during my college years I had a horrible experience with yellow paint. "Safety Yellow" it was called, and our job was to paint things around the plant that needed to be safety yellow. Doors, poles, rails; whatever. That paint... I literally don't know what it was made of. It was thick, and somehow sticky. Not sticky like you'd expect paint to be, but rather tacky. It seemed when it dried on literally any surface except the surface we were supposed to be painting it would not actually try, and the shit was like glitter. No matter what you did, no matter how hard you'd try to clean it off, if you got any on your hands or a finger or a few spots on your shirt it *would* find it's way, streaked onto your phone or your wallet or pop up on your steering wheel in your car and always magically end up on your skin in the shower two days later. For four years I worked with that shit, and I hated every second of it. Give me the red paint for the heavy fire doors, or the blue paint for the walls, or even the fucking silver and tar paint on the roof; anything but that goddamn yellow paint. Shit was sentient and chaotic evil.
I think (or at least hope) that Bungie has it set up this way so that everyone gets a chance to play through the bosses. So for example, I'm lvl 33 and didn't care to try Qodron last week because I didn't want to deal with fighting him at 1 lvl higher. But now this week I can get a taste of what other players did last week, though it's not as difficult. So in theory, next time Qodron comes around the rounds will be different.
Exactly what I call it, too. "Blue people avatar" or "blue avatar."
PULL!
While I appreciate your criticism and opinion, I have one question; what is the legality of posting Wizards' material online? Games Workshop, for example, is extremely strict about the stats and rules of their games being posted for others to see, and very quickly shuts down any attempt at making them publicly available. So, would Wizards care if I posted the brown dragon from 4e to use as a reference?
Perhaps it was just described as a "green skin woman alien" or something, and the assumption later on is that she must have been a Twi'lek? Idk.
I was really hoping that not only was it like this, but that the SSGSS color were based on the mixing of their ki. So, SSGSS Goku would be orange (red god ki, plus yellow SS ki). SSGSS Vegeta would be green (blue go dki, plus yellow SS ki). Ideally I'd want Vegeta's ki to be red as well, so it doesn't get crazy, but when I saw the blue form this was the best I could hope for. Very disappointed it didn't go that way. As /u/Saratje points out, the golden hair is iconic and now it's basically gone.
You may have convinced me to go Eldritch Knight/Wizard instead of pure Eldritch Knight. The only problem is that I would still want heavy armor because I just like the idea of it, but that way with plate armor and Shield I can be running around most turns in combat with 23 AC.
Hey /u/ItsADnDMonsterNow, what do you think of my [ancient brown dragon stat block](https://jvhageshii01.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/brown-dragon-stat-block1.jpg)? Converted it from 4e and tried to put it in line with the other chromatics from 5e.
Just remember that even a contract can be made null and void if it includes clauses that the courts would fine "unreasonable and that no reasonable person will agree to." It's why you can't stick things like "legally required to sell your first-born child to us" in an iTunes Terms of Agreement.
*1,500 GP, but the point stands.
If the cleric keeps "nearly dying" then perhaps this isn't as terribly unbalanced. The tank is supposed to tank. One thing the DM could do it introduce a few monsters that can get rid of the cleric for a turn or two. Fear him, restrain him, stun him or blind him; whatever needs to be done that just gets the cleric off to the side for a bit. Then the monsters in question can try to focus on the rest of the party. On top of that, focus on more lower CR monsters rather than one or two higher CR ones; more bodies means that the PCs have to spread their damage around. That was the first thing I noticed; all of your examples show the party against one creature; it's natural that it could be burned down quickly because there are four people tearing into it at once. But if there were three creatures; well now damage has to be spread around a bit; they'll either down one very quickly, leaving the other two to act, or they'll do a bit of damage to all three and you still have three very pissed off whatevers to deal with.
You can still think it looks silly, regardless of whether it is historically accurate. This is fantasy, we're talking about. A bit of unrealistic design is expected and shouldn't be a bad thing.
The back scabbard in Shadow of Mordor has a pretty good design that allows the sword to be drawn from the back; the scabbard is really only holding the last couple of inches/half a foot of the sword, so when Talion goes to draw it the sword clears that holder quickly and can be drawn easily.
Coulda just given himself cancer or a debilitating disease somehow. And then you get Deadpool.
Down vote, scroll and move on then.
But that's my point. I don't believe the entire place is going to shit because a few posts like this make it to the front page. It's not akin to murder at all. I saw it and giggled; my experience was made better for it.
I enjoy Star Trek, but just because something "is the point" doesn't mean someone has to like it. He says he didn't like it because it's too philosophical. You say that's the point. I say yes... And that's why he doesn't like it.
Then I like you.
I don't really read it that way, but that just may be my unfair bias. We weren't there, we don't know the tone of voice or how she usually act. It *does* feel like the mother is implying that the mother worked so much harder, the child shouldn't feel tired by comparison and so shouldn't be asking to rest/not talk. Again, that may not be true, but it's certainly the vibe I get.
I tried to follow this video exactly for my anniversary last year. Ended up deboning the chicken quite successfully and made a great dinner, but I could not ever figure out the lollipop thing. Just beyond me, no matter how much I tried.
They are still pretty damn horrible. They berate every single thing Harry does, don't even consider his words when he explains something to them; yeah Harry grows to be very sarcastic towards him, but then I completely understand why. They really sorta deserve it. Logic isn't going to work with them, so Harry doesn't bother with logic anymore.
People like you are the problem... He didn't half-ass it and it's extremely frustrating seeing so many people out to demonize him for this role. Ghost has plenty of great lines.
He stagger from a 365 BH? I literally just upgraded mine last night; got really lucky doing the Nightfall on my alt Warlock and got an etheric light. Might be able to just have my fireteam keep the adds off me if I can just stagger him for days.
Same. Oh this will be sweet.
I see your point. I'd personally like to see the TTKs of Thorn and TLW toned down just a bit; literally every other weapon in the game falls into neat little categories; someone here did the math on it, and I apologize for not having the time to find it right now. But both Thorn and TLW were complete outliers and did way more damage than their "gun type" should allow. That's frustrating, knowing that. I just want them nerfed slightly to fall in line with other weapons, and then auto rifles re-buffed slightly. Then I think we'll be at a nearly perfect state, at least for primaries.
Great guide, but I have a question. I've been out of the community for years. Are people putting together huge sprawling adventure maps now for other people to play through?
Did the 34. Actually ended up using Gjallie mostly for the wizards that kept spawning and rushing us.
Full Auto and Firefly aren't the best combo; better to have Full Auto and Zen Moment, which could help with the stability once Full Auto starts kicking in, and then you could have Explosive Rounds rather than a stability perk. Or if you want Firefly I might suggest Triple Tap and Firefly with a stability perk; I personally love it. Great against anything that doesn't dance around too much.
Step 1: Run up to one of them until it opens and use a rocket, sniper, or whatever whatever you need in order to down it quickly Step 2: Turn 180 degrees and just run to the end of the area Step 3: ???? Step 4: Profit Then just repeat. I never died from them doing two runs yesterday, and killed them as well. If you use a sniper and can get your ally to run forward then run back before you kill the shrieker the death blasts might even just dance around near the temple entrance and not even go near you.
I was under the impression that 7th Edition very nicely fits in with the codices for 6th without any problems. But I guess I haven't played a game in a long time so maybe they don't. Still seems sorta frustrating; I had purchased the Salamanders special edition codex thinking I'd have at least a few years of use for it when I started my salamander army; now I feel like I wasted that money. :/
Yeah, definitely dollar signs scattered around. Well, guess I know better now.
That was released September 2013 with the other SM codices. It's just the 6th Edition SM codex with a Salamander on the front and a special transparent cover instead of the base marine. It *was* a limited edition run, so I suppose I'm not too angry.
THIS IS EXACTLY MY PROBLEM WITH MOST OF THE GAUNTLETS; THE ASSYMETRY IS KINDA COOL BUT FUCK I REALLY DIDN'T LIKE HAVING ONE BLACK GAUNTLET AND ONE WHITE GAUNTLET WHEN I WAS WEARING THE DEATHSINGER'S GRASP.
So I, as a monk with access to Disarming Strike through the Martial Adept feat, can indeed disarm using my unarmed strike/Flurry of Blows and the Disarming Attack maneuver?
I was originally going to make my monk an Avatar, but then quickly realized how awful the subclass was and went with a Bruce Lee monk instead.
Gotcha. Thank you.
I was able to do it. It took a LOT of salt. I'm talking half a can of one of those Morton salt containers with the metal pop spout. Did tests with a few dice using the water, then choose two of those dice, rolled each of them 100 times (3 times each; so 300 rolls per die) and intend to post the results later in the next day or two after some analysis.
Oh sure; once I hit lvl 8 I'll be wizard 2, so the shield I get won't be very substantial. I'm planning on going Fighter 8/Wizard 12 though, so I'll have spell slots for a lvl 14 caster. Thanks!
Tyranids as well, no? Or did they get some sort of 7th edition change that I haven't yet noticed.
Unfortunately I have. I had two absolutely shitty experiences with DMs; one killed me seven times in one campaign, over maybe three or four sessions, before I finally said I wasn't interested anymore and stopped attending. The other seemed to almost purposely gimp my character in a Rifts campaign. I was the weakest of the group, could barely scrap by with double digit damage while everyone else ran around with triple digits, and had my one redeeming quality shat on because reasons. Then I had my magic taken from me, I was killed, then revived, and then re-gifted my shitty magic. Meanwhile everyone else had their powers taken from them and was gifted absolutely kickass powers. And I was blamed for that because I "didn't play the game right." Considering that was my first ever experience with roleplaying ever, maybe that's not entirely my fault.
Fair enough. That's another codex where I got the limited edition. *sigh* This company.
No, gladly not. One friend of mine is our go-to DM because he's so good.
I just finished reading *The Silmarillion*. Iluvatar very clearly describes them as "the children of my adoption" vs the Elves and Men, who are "the children of my choice." Sure that can be interpreted different ways, but it would seem to me that he does take them as his own in a way. This is also the only reference I can find to the Dwarves and an afterlife; "Aforetime it was held among the Elves in Middle-earth that dying the Dwarves returned to the earth and the stone of which they were made; yet that is not their own belief. For they say that Aule the Maker, whom they call Mahal, cares for them, and gathers them to Mandos in halls set apart; and that he declared to their Fathers of old that Iluvatar will hallow them and give them a place among the Children in the End. Then their part shall be to serve Aule and to aid him in the remaking of Arda after the Last Battle. They say also that the Seven Fathers of the Dwarves return to live again in their own kin and to bear once more their ancient names: of whom Durin was the most renowned in after ages, father of that kindred most friendly to the Elves, whose mansions were at Khazad-dum." These are two separate beliefs, but neither is given as the true belief. I'd say it's up to personal choice, and I'd personally lean toward the latter. Especially since there *are* a bunch of Durins that are *supposed* to match the Dwarven belief of reincarnation of the Seven Fathers.
True of all races and classes, really.
I find myself trying to do that a lot. Example; just last night my dragonborn fighter was setting about to loot a tomb; his employer had instructed him to acquire a particular helm. In the homebrew setting that my DM has dragonborn see one's spirit as being the true them, and the body is just a vessel. Once you die the body is little more than a large paperweight made of meat, so dragonborn hold no reverence for people's remains. They honor their dead by remembering them, which keeps their spirit alive. So I open this tomb in a land well known for grandma periodically rising from her grave to try and eat the kids, plunge my longsword upon which I casted Light for illumination in the late afternoon) into the ground, and start casting a Detect Magic ritual before I go touching things. Someone distracts me during the ritual and I purposely turned my back on the tomb to fight the new opponent with my *great*sword and left my longsword right in front of the skeleton. Because my character *wouldn't have been concerned* about anything happening to it, even though I was fully aware my character was probably going to end up fighting a fairly strong undead by himself, and now it had his sword.
Well he asked the Internet, ya know?
Black Hammer can fire continuously and literally never stop until the boss is dead (assuming proper aim, the boss doesn't move, etc.). You never have to reload it.
**Pteranodons!**
The instinct NOT to jump from a great height is really strong in our species. Generally it doesn't end well for us.
