You can do either. I'd just buy it a the station and use the $8 you get on it to start - then register it online at http://www.smartrip.com (only one T) and you can set it to auto reload every so often.
You'd think they have Internet or something.
I just graduated 6 months ago and made $90k right out of school. I don't see what's so difficult.
I don't think you realize how much trains cost to run. MARC has been operating at a huge loss for years, which is why they started charging surcharges for WV users since they weren't even getting tax money from those riders. Now the tax money they do get from Marylanders isn't cutting it, so yeah, fare increase. At least it's not Metro which jacks it up every year for continuously shitty service. I've always found MARC to be pretty decent and the only issues I've ever had with them are really CSX's fault.
&gt;I'm pretty sure Netflix will lose a big portion of it's subscribers if they do put ads in. This sounds familiar. Remember when they wanted to charge double if you wanted streaming *and* DVDs? They had call centers set up specifically *for* cancellation and weren't even trying to retain customers. Everyone canceled in droves and they *did not care.* They're still successful. They still will be if they put ads in too.
Dickie's wasn't bad for being a chain.
&gt;The landlord CBRE, the monarchs of Clarendon. They're the devil. They don't even fix shit when it breaks.
I've long found that each Arlington borough is reasonably dominated by one landowner/developer that either bought this early on while it was all still farms or bought/inherited it from someone who did the former. CBRE runs almost all of Clarendon, Monday Properties runs almost all of Rosslyn, Vornado Charles E. Smith runs almost all of Crystal City... I'm pretty sure that's where these BIDs come from that host these movie nights, etc. I don't have a source to back it up but it just reeks of that developer trying to drag people into *"their"* borough to spend money at *"their"* lessee's businesses... they're treating the County basically like a bunch of giant malls.
I've primarily used the Brunswick line and I think have rode the others only once each, so the only thing I can qualify those for is that the Penn line usually gets nicer/newer trains... the Brunswick line gets some old ass cars (I rode one with literally just benches once, no plush seat covers, it was like being in church) but I've never experienced engine failure (though I have heard stories). I've only ever experienced delays because there was a freight train slowly working through the block and since it's all CSX's right-of-way, MARC gets second priority and has no choice but to wait. On your note about the one engine always breaking down, this reminds me of my university's bus system - the buses were constantly in the shop for something because they were 15 years old and had easily a half-million miles on them. The university would never buy a new one for $400k because it was only $30k to fix it...even after the 15 fixes it would take to show that buying a new one was cheaper, it came down to this: the "buying new shit" budget and "cost of doing business" budget were not only two different buckets, but run by two very different departments. Buses breaking down was a cost of doing business and they kept handing out blank checks. Buying a new bus? Fuck that we don't have that kind of money! If my private university did that, there's not a doubt in my mind the MTA does it even worse.
It is. My company only gives me $100/month and it's piling up...I have over $700 on my SmarTrip at this point just because I never even use that much to get there.
Is there a fucking store somewhere where people buy those donuts? I'm perplexed when I see cars with all 4 tires as spares. Your car only comes with one!
Refresh - this was just redacted.
/r/politics is full of people who have no prospects and no jobs because they're the typical Redditor - a neck beard who likes cats and has zero marketable skills and probably zero social skills. They complain because they just lack the impetus to get out there and invest the effort to get a good job or a good education…they would rather be lazy and are jealous of those of us who are successful. TL;DR don't listen to them. I feel like they represent a very small portion of liberals, which is why they're all touting Bernie Sanders and Hilary will still, unfortunately, win the primaries by a landslide.
I use my PayPal to pay for something like once a year now. With Stripe and all of the other easier and simpler payment gateways out there, the need to use PayPal is dwindling. I don't even shop on eBay anymore.
FYI the Department of the Interior oversees the National Park Service, etc.
Voted.
For cutting funding from an organization that overpays employees who do very little. Yeah, fuck fiscal responsibility.
&gt; Decreasing funding for any product usually improves quality and responsiveness. It should. Fix your shit, or get cut again until you've got nothing left. If you want money, do it right.
&gt;Perfect, this will definitely help us stop all those metro fires and metro doors opening while trains are in service. No, what will help that is not hiring exclusively out of PG and/or the area jails.
That's only about $1k a year, so yeah, I could probably cut back on iTunes purchases. But if I were performing as poorly as Metro, I'd be surprised to be getting paid at all.
Incorrect. I live in DC which is way above the national average for pay and cost of living, and carriers here get 50k.
I'm not going to go hunting for the article, but there was a WaPo article a while back that showed with overtime pay, a lot of these operators were getting around $80,000. That's upper-middle pay for a desk job in this area. An industrial job where you push a lever, open and close doors, and mumble station names doesn't warrant the same amount of pay and yes, only deserves maybe in the neighborhood of $40,000. I wouldn't mind it so much if they weren't such insufferable people. I've yet to meet a pleasant Metro employee besides the cheery guy on the Orange Line who actually enunciates. The rest of them mumble into the speaker, and most of the station managers give you attitude whenever you ask them to do anything that involves getting up out of the chair.
Let's assume that someone rides *just* minimum fare (your average 'poor' you're martyring probably goes a bit farther than that) every day of the month (I'll include weekends because some people also use Metro for recreational functions). That's $2.10x2x20 for rush on workdays and $1.75x2x10 for the rest = about $119/month *at minimum.* My car lease is $99, my insurance is $50, and gas is about $50 a month too for a total of $200. Not only is that not much more than the above calculations, but also your average Metro rider probably has their transit subsidized OR is spending at least $200/month because they're going farther than the minimum fare I generously used in my example. I'm not saying everyone should get a car, but I'm not going to have some hippie tell me that getting a vehicle is too expensive. It's fucking cheap if you're not an idiot.
Sure. Driving a bus honestly looks like fun. I like driving big vehicles. I'm moving a 1-bedroom apartment next week and reserved a 30-foot UHaul just because. As far as the "not so good parts of DC," maybe if they quit being such pansies about firearms and I could protect myself.
&gt;I checked out the Metro job posting &gt;I did not look at WMATA listings Metro and WMATA are one in the same, especially on their jobs site.
&gt;No. It would require ~~infrastructure spending, which would require taxes or outside investment~~ the Board of Supervisors to not be fucking corrupt. Good luck with that. FTFY
&gt; FWIW I wouldn't mind [...] higher taxes I would. My Cox is fine. I shouldn't be paying higher taxes so other people can get what they want.
&gt;For a lot of people, $80 extra is a *lot* of money. Well, don't work for McDonalds. &gt;what do you think is going to happen to the already ridiculously congested traffic in DC? Considering the people we are talking about are the people who work retail or food service, they don't work your typical 9-5 and therefore won't experience rush hour. &gt;don't try and dismiss me as "some hippie" Anyone who sits here and whines about how poor people will be affected is a hippie. Poor people are poor by their own volition. If they dislike the consequences that come with that, maybe they should have paid attention in school/stayed away from drugs/stayed away from gambling/or the opposite of the 900 *choices* people make that make them poor.
I was just making a point, asshole. Fuck you, you were at 0 and I gave you an upvote because of a simple human error, but if you want to be a dick about it, fine.
There are a lot of roads in Virginia that showcase how eminent domain didn't get them far. Do you think the onramp to 7 East from the Leesburg Bypass is jacked at a 90 degree angle because they didn't feel like buying up *Public Storage*? With enough bitching and lobbying, they'll leave you be.
&gt; Your speeding laws are no fucking joke. Can confirm. Roommate spent a night in jail because he was doing 99 on 66. Or maybe he was doing 66 on 99 and I just read it upside down. Maybe he was arrested for obstructing traffic.
&gt; So if a hospital buys saline for $5 they can't charge $500 for it. The feds wouldn't pay it. You have a lot of faith in the United States government. When signing up for a conference, they were given the option of $200 per person if they joined the "society" for $100/year; or $400 per person as non members. You could cancel the membership literally the next day and still get the discounted rate. That $100 savings was too much for their brains to process so they just paid $400 per person.
This was out in Front Royal.
It's more likely that a Walmart employee typed the wrong amount on the label printer. It's probably $9.98 and the 9 button got stuck, and they didn't catch it while labeling 500 games.
All of PA is an armpit.
From Maryland? On the Green Line? Say it ain't so!
If you dispute *any* Uber charge, they cancel your account. To them, your business isn't worth it if you're going to question their authority, and rather than argue with your credit card issuer, they're just going to write it off as a bad debt and move on to their other millions of dollars in revenue.
&gt; my American Express card. They're hard hitters when it comes to dispute resolution **They most certainly are not.** Priceline scammed me on a hotel - I requested a 4-star hotel in SF and got thrown into the ghetto in a shitty hotel that was actually falling apart, that was maybe 4-stars a decade earlier but certainly not now...I disputed it, and AmEx said "oh well Priceline says no refunds so you're SOL." They weren't interested in my argument that despite that policy, they had defrauded the quality of the hotel...TL;DR I ended up taking AmEx to court on the grounds that they were complicit in the fraud by backing Priceline up, and won.
I've only disputed once with them and they threw me under the bus hard. I won out in the end by taking it up in Fairfax County court. Did you move out of /r/washingtondc?
Anybody with your credit card number can do that. Most just don't because they have this thing called "business ethics," which Uber seems to lack. I drove for Uber for 2 weeks before I realized the whole thing was a set up. That $1 million of insurance they claim is on every ride? The insured name is Rasier LLC, a shell company owned by Uber which has no assets and isn't regsitered to do business in anywhere but Delaware (which to their credit, a lot of businesses do that). But the point is, only this LLC is insured, not you. And if someone tries to sue the LLC for damages, the judgment will be worthless because there are no assets to liquidate. It's all evil genius and only borderline legal.
Nope. I'm the chief of getting businesses to give me free shit when they fuck up. Uber won't. Uber will gladly cancel your account in the face of "you fucked up and I don't want to use you again unless I have an incentive."
Print this out and send it to the President/CEO. He'll be gone in a week.
&gt; I don't send food back ever (even completely wrong orders, I just eat it) Way off topic...I get the whole "customer isn't always right" ideology but I mean if you ordered something you should probably get what you asked for...there's nothing wrong with asking for the right food. If you berate the waiter and expect a free meal that's when you're crossing lines.
I've disputed Uber charges before. This is legitimately how they act. The fact that you don't believe me is simply not my problem. Edit: It appears there's confusion about the usage of the word "dispute." I'm referring to a formal dispute with a credit card issuer, which on a forum with intelligent people who know anything about personal finance *should* be clear. But now your remarks make more sense if you thought I meant dispute in the sense of arguing with Uber support. You still responded like a douche, though, so go die.
That's what I meant - with the CC company. They won't even respond. They'll just shut your account off and move on.
I think part of this is attributed to the fact that there are multiple ways to get somewhere, and people will get bitchy if you don't take the quickest way. From DC to Tysons Corner, VA, you can take either I-66 or the GW Parkway. Around here, when they say "how do you get there" that's usually just their broken English way of asking the preference because if they assume and are wrong, you'll make a stink about them longhauling you or something (different times of day, these roads have different traffic patterns). That said, what irritates the shit out of me is the app is almost always wrong about my location on the pin (Even though my blue dot is generally correct so I know my phone knows where I am); so I have to call and give the driver the new cross-street and they get confused, even in a city where east-west is numbers and north-south is letters. What Uber needs is people who are familiar with the city somewhat WITHOUT the GPS.
This gets dicey in the DC area because the app always suggests taking toll roads, and I've only been in one Uber that actually has an EZPass. The one time we actually had to get on the toll road, he stopped and paid cash. It's so silly.
Here's the thing. Uber had to try hard to be great to get the people on their side because they were new. They got the people to fight for their great service in the districts in which it was being challenged by taxi unions. Now Uber is preferential to most cabs and the cabs are losing business...Uber has won. They don't need the people anymore. They've now outsourced their support and will treat you like shit, because they're cheaper and even with shit support still better than a cab, so they know you'll still use them. The only people they can lose to is Lyft which kinda sucks because you have to tip.
What /u/0x16a0 said. Should dispute that shit...but if it was around Christmas, you've probably missed the window.
Yea, the taxi service won't charge a cleaning fee, because the taxi already smells like halal food and has an incompetent driver at a much higher fee who is generally unprofessional and yapping in another language on his Bluetooth the whole time. Uber might have shitty customer service but compared to any of these worthless unionized cabbies, I'll still use Uber.
