Such epic work done here!
Not to be a nitpicker, but her name is "Kristen Bell"...gorgeous picture besides that little booboo :D
This image of Chloe definitely makes her look like she's hopped out on one hell of an upper...
Josh Groban is a truly lucky bastard for being her +1 &gt;:(
Awww...Kelly's cohost Mike Strahan doesn't get a taste? ;)
It may not be her natural colour, but Gillian Anderson simply stuns as a redhead...one of sci-fi's titian temptresses :D
Geoffrey Arend is a lucky, lucky bastard :D
Milla looks like she's surprised...maybe she's enjoying the fun more than anticipated? ;)
Fexy (funny-sexy) work :D
Ohhhhh......this is epic! Whoever is the recipient of this moment is a lucky f-ing bastard :D
Gorgeous!
Well...Jessica seems to be enjoying herself! Must be a great stress reliever for her ;)
Beautiful work!
Mighty decent effort but I'm not sure that shade of red works for Evangeline...even if she did it in real life.
Well...Alice/Milla doesn't quite seem to be into the DP...at least it's just futa!Rain and a mystery futa (Claire? Jill?) and not Nemesis or other BOWs taking out her holes ;)
Very nice work! Britney's looking mighty fine here :)
Hmmm...I hope she doesn't get carried away with her self-gratification fun, as that dildo looks like it could hurt if it went in far enough :S
Stunning work by KinkyJimmy! I'd give anything to tongue those pink holes of hers :D
Very sexucational ;)
It's a great picture...but is it just me or does the face have more detail to it than the torso?
Honestly, Bristol has to be use to her mom doing wacky stuff...I mean, where would she have learned how to it otherwise? ;)
You weren't expecting that, were you Bristol? Momma's giving you a good seeing to!
Katy looks like she's really like the DP session...excellent!
Well now...one wouldn't expect THAT as part of the Daleks' method of converting others to into new Daleks! Clara (or is it Oswin, since the dress looks like the one Oswin was wearing in her mental dream world aboard the Alaska's wreckage) looks rather startled at this treatment... ;D
I'm sure Clark appreciates the sentiment :D
Another fantastic image by Sinful Comics :D
Stunning...absolutely stunning work. This is now one of my favourite Star Wars erotic art pieces :D
I'm all for this idea!
Yup...Keira's back as Sabe and Jessica Alba is a new, unnamed handmaiden to the Empress Amidala. I have been in love with this picture since I first came across it...it's even tickled my brain about trying to write a SW fanfic to explain both how Padme seems to have supplanted Palpatine and her rather minimalist dress sense :D
Between Miravi and Shabby Blue, the quality and quantity of outstanding SW erotic art is exactly that: OUTSTANDING!!!
Such a beautiful smile...that's Emma's alone and not a copy of her aunt's :)
Holy shit...is this computer generated?! The detail and sheer perfection of Kate/Selene's face alone is amazing, let alone the entire package! :D
An underrated but highly talented woman...the world needs to know and appreciate Janelle :D
Amazing work here :D
Beautiful stuff :D
Then she will have to step up her game, won't she? ;)
I might feel a little dirty looking at this...but it's a mighty fine fake, I will say that. Mighty fine indeed :D
Taylor definitely has all kinds of oral skills ;D
Oh...I wouldn't be 'speedy' with Willa...oh no, would take my time ;)
I guess that makes casting the XXX spoof of "Arrow" easier, now doesn't it? ;)
Well, the fact she has a young-looking face amplifies the fact she's nearly 10 years younger (2 months short of 10 years, to be semi-exact), which leaves me feeling skeeved at times. Which is probably hypocritical since I find a number of young women attractive who are younger, the same age or slightly older than Debby....
You're doing good works, /u/throwaway6785679, and practice will make perfect :)
Nice...very nice :D
The lighting on Taylor's face in the source photo isn't quite right for the body's lighting but I like :)
Oh honey...Katy sweetie...please, just let people admire the gifts that God gave you. Modesty is a virtue, but at this point? Be proud of yourself :)
Simply spectacular work! So realistic :D
Oh, how I wish this was real... :D
The expression on Ariana's face is a bit too forced, but otherwise this is a Grade A fake. And we really can't help the expression, I suppose ;)
Oh, to be that lollipop right now.... :D
A decent job here...not super-versed in technical terms, so my critique would be simply "face/head needs a tad more work to make it blend in better with the body source's neck, especially the angle of the head as Rose looks like her neck's fractured"...
