I'll just add a tid bit on, since most of the info has been covered: don't be afraid to copy and paste your answers into multiple questions. You will be asked similar questions in different areas. Don't try and be artistic with your words, just copy and paste that pedagogical theory and keep going.
This can be a ton Of fun! Take something you read this year and have students create a story board for a trailer for the film version. Make sure they go through an approval process with you, so there is a blue print, the text in each panel, and then they make the large version.
You can have them do the book they have just read, abridged. My kids loved Shakespeare abridged and said they would have liked to try to create Romeo and Juliet scenes that were only a few minutes long. Have them make scenery, sets, and bring "costumes". They can write a script. They have to boil it down to the essentials!
You shouldn't have a kitchen job on your teaching resume, unless you teach culinary. I never listed my Starbucks work, even in the beginning. It just didn't apply to teaching.
I told my kids to use their cornell notes we have been taking throughout all of this unit. I reminded them EVERY class! It was the only homework. Read and do cornell notes. The scores on the written portion are dismal. The only notes I see most kids have are those from the first day that we did together! If they do have notes, they wrote down story summaries and didn't look for the terms I told them to focus on. Sad sad sad. Typical for this time of year, but it SHOULDN'T be! The apathy kills me. Also, not listening to directions. I've told kids to plan outside of class for a poster they are assembling in class. NO ONE is bringing in pieces to assemble!
Improv comedy, Theater major, and my Masters thesis on digital citizenship in online gaming. I'm also 100% confident in what I say.
Interview vs. actual work wear
If I had stayed at the school I'd been at during the start of the year, I could see myself having left the profession. The place I started at mid semester reminded me that there are amazing staff, students, and admin out there.
Honestly, teaching has made me a coffee addict. I would love a gift card to a coffee place. Also, my students know I love games. I would dig on a gamestop gift card so hard. My favorite gift had to be a Christmas Bauble with all of the books we'd read that semester on it. I LOVE Christmas and it was so dang thoughtful.
Congrats! I'm i. The interview rounds again. Waiting to hear back from 4 schools! Been a while since the first 2 schools, but I called HR departments and they both said decisions were still being made. The other two were within the last few days. FINGERS CROSSED! I can only hope I find an amazing environment like the school I am finishing at this week.
That definitely helped!
Oooh home star! My old friend!
I see a lot of typical call outs on here, but not to the lovely platformers that made me want my PlayStation. Sly Cooper, Jak and Daxter, and Ratchet and Clank all have trilogies that are so worth it! Platforming fun with witty cartoons! Also the PS3 exclusive, Puppeteer! For RPGs, you must try Nier! I haven't finished, but it is absorbing! Ni No Kuni is another must have in this category.
Review, intro, practice, apply... I try to use this model when structuring a class. The best way to stay on point is setting a timer, at least for myself. Time management is a strong point for me, and my timer is the reason. I really want to get a large one for my class, one that I can stick to the wall.
What is a room mom?
Student (graduating senior): Why didn't you send me one of these cards? Do you not love me? Me: Of course I think you're wonderful, and I wish I could have more time to tell you if you'd just shown up to class. Class: OooooOoooOooo
Got a hug from this student on the last day. Real sweet heart.
At this point I don't think you're the teacher. You're a concerned friend of the mother's who is trying to help her son. When it gets to giving your number out and saying "I love you", I think you're actually not the teacher any longer I don't think it is wrong, by the way, but I think you need to realize that this is a friendship with the woman. I think she needs you as much as this kid does.
Amen. It is super weird when you're so close. I had a student say they saw me, but didn't say anything. That is always the craziest! I just hope I don't say anything weird that they overhear.
12 minutes? Is it all suburbs and stop signs?
Kids love the fantasize about our lives! My SO is a teacher as well, and his students used to think he HAD to be dating the secretary because they were the only two young people on the campus.
That's exactly how I felt this semester. It is so nice to be able to leave things on a Friday, because you know you can come in on a Saturday to right them.
How can they not have this in high school? Listen, I know I couldn't ever teach elementary, I just am not a fan of the formative teaching, the management at that level, and the tiny children minds, BUT there is no reason high school teachers should be left in the dust!
Same. She is too.
I love my talk radio!
All walking? That's too awesome!
Perfect time to listen to an audio book!
I do get worried when I'm buying beer about seeing students, but at least I teach HS, so they understand that teachers are of age.
Oof! My SO had someone at his school with this commute. It sounds crazy!
This would be pretty nice. Unfortunately my long commute had no train, since I live in the country.
Ugh! That's too bad.
I've had the pleasure of working at 4 schools in only 2 1/2 years of teaching. I have had admin that will sit with you, talk out issues, and offer you support. I've also had admin that pulled all my classes with no warning, and admin that didn't hire me, even though I was told I was fantastic. From my experience, the best admin I had was a principal at a charter who was also a teacher. He dealt with issues first hand and talked to parents BEFORE staff did, because he thought we needed to concentrate on our work and not the hot headedness of parents. It was pretty fabulous. Still... That admin did keep someone over me who was stubborn, self righteous, and had horrible people skills. Win some lose some.
I've heard within two days to two weeks! Time frame is wonky for schools. They are still figuring out numbers.
Echoing others with a sign and then tell attitude! As for your sub, I've done a long term stint for a pregnant woman before and she left me about 3 weeks of material, her syllabus, an outline of her procedures (English teacher, so how she wanted students to take notes, and so on), and then let me know what would come next. I think it is KEY that you have your sub establish YOUR procedures! That sub should be making your transition easier. I wholeheartedly recommend popping in after a few weeks to observe. Make sure the class is going how you like. Obviously teaching styles will vary, but you need to make sure your sub doesn't have wildly different expectations than you.
I've interviewed at about 7 places and 6 have gotten back to me, letting me know they are going with someone else. I'm a teacher with an English credential. I have 2 1/2 years experience, a Masters in Ed. (With a legit thesis that I did field research for), A theater degree (would ultimately love to teach it), and am confident and secure in my interviews. I'm told I'm great at interviewing! Apparently there are just a lot of individuals with more years, more precise experience, etc. etc. Unfortunately in this field they are not always just looking for an English teacher, they may need a coach too, or some other extra curricular, and it may not have that. It is more than the credential. I get that. I'm disheartened. It's only the beginning of the interview season, but I'm so exhausted. Being rejected again and again just kills your spirit. Also, I'm not interviewing for anything that is specifically ELD related. A bilingual school found my resume in their district's pile, and they wanted me to interview. I didn't apply for there, and I'm not taking the interview. I know I am not what those kids need. I taught ELD for the last year and I had zero passion for it. My classroom management suffered and I felt like a terrible teacher. I couldn't talk to all my students and I couldn't talk to most of the parents. I don't speak Spanish. It was a huge hindrance, and I'm not going to put myself through that again because I feel like it will make me lose the spirit to teach. I just hope this doesn't hurt my job prospects. I'm sad. I'm worried. My SO, who has less experience than me, got a job after two interviews. I feel like a bump on a log and dead weight.
Ummm... He's a certified therapist now in San Francisco. So I'd have to live in the city. I would probably be miserable.
I think if you are this stressed, you should only look to assist. That, or you can look for part time, though I don't know how you are off financially. I had a .8 for the second semester and honest to goodness I walk grateful for the lighter load. I also switched schools, which I think was a major necessity.
If I hit the alarm, I only do so once. Most times I just get up when the alarm rings. I honestly think that I was trained from a young age. My parents were morning people, so we all became morning children.
I've spoken to my brother, a teacher as well, and he has been on the hiring committee this year. Honestly there are so many factors you can't account for. At his school they were hiring for math, but they were also looking for someone who could coach. That wasn't stated in the interview, it was just a part of the feeding through of all the apps.
Adding to the narrative piece, I was contemplating what I could do that would be interactive, and I thought of this: Go over a brief plot chart to teach the arc of a story. Exposition, conflict, complication, climax, and resolution. Then you stand in a circle and do One Sentence or One Word story. It's a favorite improv game of mine. Each person can say one sentence or one word (one word is harder) to add to the story. You could give starters for each part, to show students structure. It's like a live action mad lib of sorts. No mess, no fuss, and it gets kids up and moving!
That is pretty great too. Having someone transcribe the story would be cool.
That's how my SO got hired. He is a teacher at a middle school next year. Doesn't know grades, or if they may want him to do an elective!
That would be an interesting interview process to see, the police side.
I find that it is important here what you bring from all aspects of your life. I find a lot of jobs I had before this never cared what I did with my spare time. In my teaching interviews, this tells them what clubs I could run and how I might assist in extracurriculars. The music I like might be what I play in my classroom and set the tone of my class.
Oh wow, I don't know how I'd handle someone telling me I'm a babysitter! I think something that has been hard to discuss with friends is why you might find a Math teacher in your English teacher interview. Cross curricular stuff is always mind blowing to them, but also who has clout at a school and weighs in on the decisions.
That's really interesting. I never knew so much went into police officer hiring.
What state are you in? I'm in CA, Bay Area.
Oh cool! I'm north bay. Napa, Sonoma, Marin, etc. well I'm glad the interview process for you doesn't feel different from others. Maybe schools I'm interviewing at are just more touchy feely or something!
So much respect for you! I taught ELD this year and WOW! I definitely think that needs to be reclassified as a World Language position. I worked with some of the Spanish teachers to so my best.
I've never had anyone ask me about testing in an interview. I'm secondary, so testing has been wonky lately, but it has never been recommended to me to put anything like that out there, nor has it shown up in any questioning. I mean, if this IS something your district asks questions about, I think you have a solid answer. You helped raise scores. Simple as that.
