I have worked in Beijing for more than 4 years as a researcher for a big American company (Microsoft). Its not that bad here but you definitely have to fight the traffic, pollution, and the great firewall. The political situation is mostly transparent to us, except via web blocking and some weird archaic events (military parades anyone?). Other places in China are a bit better in terms of environment but then those cities are not as comfortable in western niceties (e.g., coffee shops). If you are experienced in tech, you can always get a job here that pays fairly well; maybe 80% of what you could make back home if you are just a good developer, more if you are very experienced or in management. The talent market in China is very skewed toward junior workers, and so experience is very much desired. The tech scene here is not very deep, although their are some entrepreneurs who do startups (most of them that I know of are in mobile gaming). rkon is basically right. My landlord isn't selling his apartment because the prices are too high and so no one is buying, WTF? The real estate market here is incredibly bizarre and opaque. Its not entirely clear how China will dig itself out of its current situation. On the one hand, perhaps they can grow out of these problems, but their are severe structural problems that need to be reformed sooner or later. A crash would bring those changes but it would be painful for all of us. I naively have most of my savings in a Chinese bank. This year I'm thinking about diversifying since a banking collapse is always possible and its not clear how we would be insurancd. I make much more than 10K a month in Beijing without leveraging my foreign-ness, most of my Chinese colleagues pull similar salaries. A new graduate from a decent school could expect to make 18 or 20K a month, a newly minted PhD probably more. Laowai startups here often don't pay well and look for low-end talent accordingly, its nice to access low-end talent but you get what you pay for. For my friends who run startups in the 'jing, it works for them but just barely. One of my American friends just did a stint at a big Chinese tech company. He was willing to immerse himself, but the cultural differences were just too great. They had time cards for software developers for crying out loud (and no, it wasn't a consulting company)! Suffice it to say he's decided to do a startup. It's not just that. The real estate companies collude to keep prices high, and won't let landlords consider lowering their prices (they won't market the house, and you can't really market it yourself for some reason). A lot of craziness in this sector, something has to give. I have a hard believing that you'd be able to even do a conference call in the thick of it (especially the new year eve fireworks). I can barely have a conversation with the person in front of me, let alone do anything with the phone. Truly, a war zone isn't that bad. I thought it had more to do with European CS departments often being considered part of math while American CS departments were often considered part of EE. That would account for some difference in the habit of buying hardware in the beginning (say 60s and 70s): EE already had to buy a lot of that while the math department did not, so it was a new thing for a department that generally did not have high capital expenses. But I don't think the ability to buy hardware is as relevant as the different mindset between mathematicians, who focus on more abstract problems, and engineers, who focus on more concrete problems, especially today when hardware is cheap. Being an American-trained computer science and spending some time working in Europe, it definitely felt like more emphasis was placed on formalism vs. engineering. Even China Daily used to call micro-blogging "Twitter" before they were rebuked by government censors. The simple fact is that Weibo is and always has been a clone of Twitter with Chinese characteristics. The government's move to enforce Real IDs will probably basically lock out all foreigners or anyone without Chinese ID numbers (including even citizen overseas Chinese), making Weibo even more obscure outside of China. Weibo is not a competitor to Twitter since Twitter does not work inside China without jumping the wall. Weibo is completely protected by the Chinese government from competition with Twitter. Living in China for almost 5 years now, I am beginning to wonder if this is actually true. China was much more open before 2008 Olympics than after, its basically been downhill for the last 3 years. Engagement alone doesn't bring results, there also needs to be an explicit push for progress. They've definitely piled on the features for weibo to suit the Chinese audience; most of this innovation is local. The nice thing about Twitter was its simplicity, that you don't have to load pics in the tweets you receive, that the visual design is simple, and you don't have any pointless reputation side games to distract you. Weibo goes and adds those features, I don't think it makes it better than twitter in anyway, although it is definitely different. Couple that with the fact that 140 ideographic Chinese characters is much more information than a 140 phoentic letters (say 1.5, 2 times as much) along with threaded discussions, and weibo begins to look more like full on social networking than just microblogging. The way weibo has bitten into Kaixin and Renren is evidence of that. However, I wouldn't call "Weibo" more than a Twitter clone until they are allowed to compete head-to-head with Twitter by the Chinese government. Weibo is simply Twitter in China because Twitter isn't allowed to exist. The researchers were analyzing message blocks, where there is explicit feedback from Weibo that your message isn't harmonious enough. Has Weibo has resorted to hell banning messages yet; where the user thinks the message has gone through but is silently repressed by the system from reaching many users? That should be detectable though by using multiple accounts in the experiment. As has been pointed out in the replies about 30 times already, PostPC doesn't mean the PC is dead, it only means that the PC market is mature and innovation slows way down as everyone focuses on newer more dynamic markets. The fact that people feel no need to upgrade their PCs anymore yet they are still rushing out to buy the new iPad is symptomatic of that. Surely I'll buy a new PC in the future to replace my old one, but I don't expect my sister or dad to do the same. I once had a workmate in 1999 whose sentiment was similar to your post, just focusing on a different device. We got into an argument about whether the desktop PC market was over or not. He didn't really believe that laptops were really more than niche devices, they were too slow, displays were too small, that most people would use desktop PCs for decades to come. That you could never do more than surf the web on it, you couldn't hack serious code with it. That tablets are for consumption only...really? Diagramming (e.g., OmniGraffle), vector graphic production, sketching, mixing and producing music, editing images, updating a spreadsheet...why not? Many are using tablets for production already. Every year someone says iPad can't do X, the next year someone releases something that does X and it actually doesn't suck. I often use my iPad 2 in bed (~1 foot distance), the screen is really close and I can see the pixels. The new iPad is absolutely frigging amazing, I'll never look at my crappy DELL/HP monitors at work in a positive way again (yes, I can see the pixels!). Why have we been stuck at the same crappy 1920x1200 pixel resolution for at least 5 years now? Could it be that no one care about innovating in the PC market because they can't make any money? That a 10" iPad has a higher resolution than my 24" PC monitor is totally Post PC. Higher PPI is more important, not less, as your eyesight degrades. Turns out pixelation is bad for your eyes. The advantage to having a higher PPI is that things are clearer, not smaller as some windows aficionados have come to expect. Nobody is significantly investing in desktop pc display technology right now as far as I know, not samsung or LG, it's very stagnate. That's the point, PC R&D seems as good as dead. It's a big shame, I would really love a decent display for my workstation. Many of us are working on touch-based programming on tablets, I think there will be many interesting tablet-based programming environments coming on line this year. One of the problems I have with AppInventor is that it feels like procedures (in a hidden event loop) are not the right abstraction for the high-level programming model that they are aiming for. With all the buzz about the new iPad recently, I was wondering why our PC monitors have failed to advance very much in the last few years. The article linked in this post describes it very well, quote from article on why there isn't demand: • 100 ppi is “good enough” for the majority of PC applications. • There are almost no examples of monitors over 100 ppi to create desire. • Most consumers and business users have never experienced a high-ppi monitor. • There’s no broadly applicable “killer app” for high-ppi monitors • Because the Windows UI doesn’t scale well, higher ppi makes Windows harder to use • Higher-ppi LCDs are more expensive. 7 years later and we are exactly in the same spot while most of the display R&D has moved to mobile. Let's hope this starts changing soon, I really want an affordable 200+ ppi 24" monitor. If the developer is going vector, they don't really have to do anything (the scaling works transparently). And its turning out to be a good time to go vector. What's your point? A high-end Nokia Windows Phone costs about just as much as an iPhone 4S, while a low end Nokia Windows Phone seems to cost just as much...as an iPhone 3GS. Sure, Nokia feature phones are cheap...but we aren't talking about that. I predict that a spec-comparable high-end Nokia tablet will cost just as much as an iPad (their production costs are higher than Apple's, so they can't go lower, and its suicide to go higher). Definitely don't underestimate Microsoft, nor Microsoft Research :). But there is nothing magical going on, Apple mints even more cash than MS does these days. This is quite true, with existing technology the graphic designer always has to touch up their Illustrator PNGs in Photoshop (conspiracy theory: does Adobe do this on purpose so people will buy photoshop?). But at higher PPIs, the aliasing effects of rasterization are much less, you could almost turn anti-aliasing off at retina display levels, so vectors begin to make more sense. Of course, the problem is that there are still a lot of displays out there where anti-aliasing is necessary, and for some reasons our algorithms always screw it up if done in real time. Perhaps we just need better algorithms (e.g., see Direct2D). The final problem they mention is one of physical size, but it makes sense that you'd have a lesser detailed vector for something that is really small vs. something that is very big; its a design issue. How is TortioseGIT deficient compared to TortoiseHg? I would think at this point, they are sort of equivalent, but I don't have experience with Mercurial. When I saw Guy give this talk I was absolutely floored. Both the content and the style was impressive, the hand drawn transparencies, layered one on top of the other. It was the first time I realized one could give a talk with a high degree of style, that their were geniuses in our field. Guy and Gabriel's HOPL 50-in-50 talk was also very stylistic, but not as profound in content (more like entertainment). Definitely one of the smartest and most talented persons in our field (OO PL). You can only love or hate C++ if you've used it, and I would guess that many readers on hackernews have never had the pleasure of using C++ a lot before; i.e., as a professional C++ programmer (though this would be an interesting poll to take!). I listed C++ as a dislike, and I believe it deserves the hate. C++ basically means full employment for PL engineers (like myself) to build decent parsers (C++ is almost unparsable), compilers, bug checkers (C++ code is dense with bugs that can be found via analysis), and so on. I came to a point in my career early on where I realized that this was just ridiculous, so I got out of the C++ tool industry just as fast as I got into it (and worked on Scala instead, sort of ironic). Many people have to use C++; e.g., if you are writing embedded systems, OSes (device drivers), or games. Most everyone not in those industries will just continue to stay away from it. I doubt it, the results are just biased. I bet there is a higher population of readers that uses Java + some other dynamic or newer language that they like better and would prefer to use rather than Java. The poll isn't scientific, nor was it expected to be. Dynamically typed is still typed. That the error occurs at run-time means the typing is dynamic. If the error did not occur at all (int was unsafely coerced into a string), then that would be untyped or weakly typed. Static type safety is desirable, dynamic type safety is almost essential. But they are both type safety. I would call Brainfuck (and other esoteric languages) as an instance of what "critical design" as described by Anthony Dunn. The goals of critical design are to produce artifacts that get you to think vs. "affirmative design" which is meant to create usable artifacts. Living in China, I was going to reply the same way. Without factual information, all you have are rumors. The opacity of the CCP necessarily leads to crap like this. Bloomberg was meta-reporting on the rumor, where it is factually verifiable that the rumor has arisen. In the absence of real information rumors are very important to our daily life; e.g., if chinadaily explicitly refutes a rumor, it gains some possibility of actually being true since otherwise they probably would not have taken the effort to refute it. I can understand why Bloomberg would take the presence of a rumor as news, not claiming any truth to the rumor as fact. We are still on edge with the Wang Lijun Chengdu consulate incident. What the heck was that all about (we still don't have any clue)? Something is up, and since this year is a leadership change, there is a lot of power jockeying going on, really anything could happen. Its going to be a very interesting year to say the least. The rumor was only censored, it wasn't obliterated. The weibo crowd will just start using code words to keep talking about it. I noticed this today; it was very glaring. Hopefully its back now, but I won't know until I leave work (we have a GFW-free separate connection in the office). It could have just been a glitch and nothing planned, but I agree with the poster that these things should be taken seriously (at least by those of us in Beijing). This is what I envisioned for the Scala IDE when I started that project 6 or so years ago. But I got frustrated when it started turning in a Java-Frankenstein monster that was trying to embody all of what I thought was wrong with Java ecosystem. Eclipse just wasn't the right platform, and the Eclipse IDE metaphors are just clunky and outdated. My ScalaLive proposal was perhaps 6 years too early, while I never really figured out to package up my live programming work as well as Bret and Chris have. I'm glad that this project exists and is being pursued. Its about time! Note that the PDF includes quicktime movies (this was before youtube became common place). You can only see these if you read the PDF in Acrobat with quicktime installed; and even then you have to tell Acrobat that you trust the document not to do anything bad (its no wonder noone includes movies in their papers). This is a very big problem in China's startup scene; even Qihoo is very dodgy and might not have a real business plan. Lee Kai Fu's Innovation Works are trying to break this habit; they are starting fairly small and looking for startups that could have YCombinator-style exits. I'm not aware of any other incubators, at least in Beijing, this is still a very new thing. Actually, there is a lot of money sloshing around in China looking for places to go, given the opaque stock market, bad real estate market, and strict capital controls. But just knowing that someone will probably rip off your idea if you are even semi successful makes investing way too risky. Isn't web search quite an old field? It was around in 1996. Before that there was AltaVista and Excite. RankDex is definitely not as good as PageRank with respect to results, I'm sure they have moved beyond that by now. I think what Baidu did copy outright was Google's minimalistic look and feel, which is definitely not very Chinese but appreciated nonetheless. Same with qqmail and gmail. But that part has already happened; China has copied the industrial capacity of the west and you could say even improved on that. There is some amount of protectionism to the Internet though: whereas the British were trying to prevent the technology from flowing out, China is actually trying to prevent the technology from flowing in, indirectly through their blocking policies. That is very self defeating, it means the Chinese are copying business models and designs, and they aren't very focused on developing better technology (where the web is concerned, at least). It used to be more common in the past: you buy something, and the fapiao (certified tax receipt) would include some sort of scratch off thing that was like a lottery; so you had some incentive to collect your fapiao and preventing the department store from low balling their taxes. Store owners are not supposed to recycle unclaimed fapiaos, that is definitely illegal, and many companies who follow the law to the letter (like Starbucks) make it very convenient for you to exchange your xiaopiaos (normal receipts) for one fat fapiao in bulk, since they are not gaining anything by not issuing a fapiao. Likewise, Microsoft (my employer, an American company) doesn't require us to play the fapiao game for most of our benefits. However, we need fapiaos for any expenses that occur in China, while there are a few benefits that require fapiaos (a travel and gym benefit) that are easy to get and one foreigner-only benefit where we can get back our tax on rent if only we could ever get our landlord to issue a fapiao (unlikely, they would just jack up the rent for the taxes they weren't dodging). And let's not get started on getting the name right for the fapiao. It must be in Chinese and it must be the official name of our company. I think for Microsoft China its something like Microsoft (China) Limited, but all in Chinese characters, and its bad if you can't write that down exactly right. [Edit] Let me describe the fapiao game: your company (usually a Chinese one) low balls your salary (say 2 or 3K RMB a month) but allows you to claim lots of personal expensive as business expenses. Even more fun: some require you to collect fapiaos but don't reimburse you for your expenses (universities do this a lot!). Fapiaos now require the name of the company that will be claiming the tax benefit so you can't just exchange them with your friends, meaning you need to be diligent about collecting fapiaos. Taxi fapiaos are the easiest, as they don't require names (so you can collect them and exchange them with friends if you want). These days, the IDE is apart of the language; we will see more languages that push integration with their IDE in as much as Smalltalk did in the past. No one would think about using a language without a compiler, developers increasingly feel the same way about the IDE. As for (c), it depends on the city and even restaurant. Many places can't afford fapiao printing machines, and so the government is more lax and lets them use preprinted anonymous fapiaos. These are being phased out, but if you leave the big cities you'll still see a lot of that, and even in Beijing we get fapiao tickets at some lower end places. I'm employed by a western company that doesn't play fapiao games, and I get a lot more than that (how much is confidential, but I make just a bit less than I would in the states for a comparable position). Many of my friends get fairly low salaries (2/3K may be outdated, its probably more like 4/5K now), but get a lot of "benefits" that I don't; especially if they work for SOEs (state owned companies); i.e., many have nice cars (provided) but not enough money to really park them (not provided). Spoken Chinese is much easier to learn than Japanese or French, in my experience. Coming from English, I find that the grammar isn't that difficult while word order is very relaxed. Since most native speakers have an accent or dialect anyways, there is no pressure to speak in a standard way (I find I'm more understandable when I talk as casually and loosely as possible). I gave up on written Chinese a while ago. I can text well enough and do some simple IM conversations, basically my writing mirrors my oral skills fairly closely. But I can't read a sign, a notice, a newspaper, its almost another language and I'm not so interested in putting the effort in. > As for the second sentence, for a person with no background in tonal languages, learning the tones in Mandarin is extremely challenging. The biggest mistake of most Chinese learners is taking tones too seriously. Really, they aren't that important. If you screw up a tone in context you'll still be understood. Focus on words and grammar first, pronunciation isn't that important since most people have dialects. Cantonese people speaking mandarin can be quite entertaining though. When I first moved to Beijing, I had problems getting the taxi drivers to understand me since I wasn't putting the 'er' behind everything, which is local dialect. Suffice it to say, I now speak with a Beijing accent. Eventually, you just start getting the tones right because you speak and listen so much. I can get by native sometimes (limited only by my bad vocabulary) and I've never study tones consciously for words I learn. When I'm really tired, I sometimes change my 'sh' to 's' and sound more southern. Nobody really cares. However, I do screw up sometimes when saying words like "jichang" and "jingcheng," and will wind up on the wrong expressway in the taxi. This has not much to do with tones though. Normally, betanews quality is just so so, but occasionally they have some nice columns, this one begins with... > The direct impetus for this column is IBM’s internal plan to grow earnings-per-share (EPS) to $20 by 2015. The primary method for accomplishing this feat, according to the plan, will be by reducing US employee head count by 78 percent in that time frame. Basically, you mean, they preserve their research organization that keeps doing cool things. There has been a recent wave-2 Exodus of IBM researchers to Google NYC; its not clear that they will be able to preserve their ability to make cool advances. When I was working on Scala (5+ years ago), the syntax was still pretty rich but the parser was fairly concise. Martin is very good about designing consistent and fairly compact syntax; you get the richness from just a few rules that are easily expressed via recursive descent; there is a little bit of lexer madness for semicolon inference, but this isn't that big of a deal. Its definitely nowhere near C++ in terms of unparsability; one could probably write their own parser for Scala over a weekend or so (depending on their compiler skillz). This is not very accurate. SCIP in [yesterday Scheme, today Python] is taught first to MIT students (where SCIP comes from). Some universities follow MIT but most do not; I don't think there are many schools actually using SCIP at the high end, maybe some lower end schools trying to emulate MIT in order to capture their greatness (rarely works from what I hear). Example: U of Washington CSE 142 (the entry level course for one of America's better programs) starts with Java and continues that through 143. OO gets a bad rap, it is incredibly useful in applying ontology to program structuring. Yes, OOP in Java isn't ideal, but if you look at more pure OOP languages like Smalltalk or Self, its virtues really do begin to shine through. FP is great when expressing computations, but we often are just gluing nominal entities together, where OOP excels over FP. I like to have a few FP options in my languages (C#, LINQ), but my mind is firmly rooted in objects when it comes to overall macro design of the program. I don't even think this is true. There are many universities with PLT faculty (DrScheme, Racket) where Scheme is used in some courses but not the intro ones. At anyrate, I don't see how this assertion is even useful, even if it was true. And yet this problem kind of goes away in a key value or graph database. I wonder if the ORM mismatch is often not one of objects getting in the way, but one of using relational in the first place. At anyrate, how you manage your objects (for things like search) is ideally orthogonal to the objects themselves; though this is difficult to accomplish in practice. I use objects in reactive (non-persistent/DB) systems all the time. Objects aren't the problem, but you do have to manage your dependencies dynamically by tracing/dirtying/and cleaning. Objects actually excel at encapsulating and managing state, it is much harder to do this with functions (see all the work on functional-reactive programming). They are being really transparent about their visual design process. Whether you agree with them or not, its very interesting to read about their reasoning. I'm mildly excited about Visual Studio 2011, but I see a lot more radical changes coming in newer IDEs like Cloud9, or of course, LightTable. However, 360 is only net positive now on a per quarter basis, which only counts current costs against current revenue. That doesn't count the initial investments made on R&D for the 360 or its predecessor. When you look at it from that perspective, "success" is much more difficult to claim. Comparatively speaking, Apple has done much better in consumer electronics. I won't make any judgement on leadership, and want to just point out this fact. A peer of Microsoft is succeeding very well in consumer electronics, meaning Microsoft could potentially as well and would become insanely successful (big profits beyond enterprise). Disclaimer: I work for Microsoft and so would love for them to realize that potential. I'm sure it is much more complicated than "replace CEO" to get there. Jobs sold his founder Apple stock in the 80s (except for exactly one share), and I don't think he ever amassed very much of it after he came back, definitely not enough to be considered a major holder. 7% of the market in China? I wish that were true! So what this means is that if you want to write Windows 8 desktop applications, you'll need to fork over $$$ for pro Visual Studio or not use Microsoft's IDE tool chain. I'm not sure what to think about this. We fly a lot more now than before deregulation, while many countries are just emerging with people who commonly commute via planes. I wouldn't be surprised if passenger miles from 1990 to 2010 were larger than 1900 to 1990. Flying used to be a high-class affair, now anyone can fly; not allowing smoking is probably a good thing in that context. At least, here in China, people are not careful in the way they smoke, and I wouldn't get on a plane that allowed smoking. Ever see a Starbucks trashcan go up in smoke after someone was told they couldn't smoke there? Its quite funny the first couple of times, but it gets old after that. I don't like the TSA's approach either, but this isn't a very good argument. They stopped disallowing lighters on flights for this reason; they don't want to care about the small threats and focus on finding...you know...terrorists. The change hasn't soaked in completely yet, but their is hope they'll do the right thing eventually. It would be fairly easy to put your fire out with a fire extinguisher. But I'd rather not fly with you anyways :) If the TSA allows lighters now, I imagine they also allow matches. This titling/tradition thing is really what distinguishes the old world (England) from the new world (America); we got rid of that baggage when we got off the Mayflower. But Ives deserved this if anyone did, congrats to him! In America, all we can offer him is some hero worship. It could be related to what he's working on and the tool chain he's using. If you venture out of the box, you can have a very different VS experience. I use C# + nothing else, so everything is very stable for me (occasionally I encounter bugs). Really, Eclipse is the same way (if you don't add any extra plugins, it works very very well!). Peter didn't say anything inaccurate as far as I can tell (I read the original MSDN post). He also laid out the history of VS Express very well. You can do serious development with Express, its actually a quite nice and small IDE, great for laptops with capacity issues. If you are doing C# programming on .NET, then really what else do you really need? This is not true, but I don't have the ability to downvote. You can define new class library projects in Express 2010, you can add it to other projects, you can do whatever. Honest question: how open is Android? I mean, when you consider Play. Can you write/submit an end-user programming app like Scratch? I know we can always dev-unlock the device and install anything we want, but what about the kid with an Android tablet who wants to start hacking? I'm worried about this move to walled gardens on all the platforms. The desktop is one of the last bastions of openness, but its not really evolving. Could we have cake (openness) and eat it to (app store where devs can make money, at least easily distribute their possibly creation-oriented apps)? VisualAge Smalltalk begot VisualAge Java which then became Eclipse, although over the transition some things changed a lot (more interop, no images). I think in turn IBM got VisualAge from their acquisition of OTI; Dave Thomas has the history, you could ask him if you ever attend OOPSLA . We can think of desktop modular PCs to small highly integrated ultra books: one allows me to buy my own graphics card, change the harddrive and RAM easily, add new cards, and interface with anything; the other provides some USB ports and calls it a day. A more integrated experience necessarily means less compatibility with external tools. This can be a big turn off if you need those tools, but it can be a better experience if you don't, so its a trade off. We got a lot of integrated functionality with a Smalltalk IDE and no support for external tooling, they didn't even support the file system and instead went with an integrated image; the experience was completely different than and even diametrically opposed to Emacs. Modern IDEs like Eclipse and Visual Studio make more compromises between the two extremes. I don't really disagree with your first two points. But mouse/menus has one important purpose: you don't have to remember a bazillion different key bindings to get work done. Ya, developers actually prefer that. Also, there should be some focus on the debugging experience, not just the editing experience, because we spend a lot of time there also. I think you are voicing an opinion and not facts. Emacs is the ultimate modular IDE, yet its not that popular! I was a big emacs fan in the past; but I've gotten used to graphical IDEs enough that I wouldn't consider going back. I'm sure many developers feel the same. Menus...you don't use them very often and I could imagine replacing that with an emacs like shell line with appropriate auto-completion for finding commands, but this would have its own usability problems. I think the Cloud9 team is getting this more right by simply being more minimal in their design. Now, whether developers would prefer a more integrated experience is either unknown or known to be false (wrt current technology). One of the reasons my version of the Scala IDE failed was that I was focusing too much on the editing experience whereas the community really wanted integration with every little dinky Java tool you could imagine. This is not useful. Great execution on a bad idea still results in a bad experience. Truly, you need both: great ideas and great execution, you can't just brush ideas off to 1% of the work and expect to win. The problem isn't really solved. There are things you can do with apps that you can't do in the web sandbox. Not everyone is re-implementing LinkedIn or Facebook. Many families have computing needs that are completely satisfied by an ipad, especially if they are in a lower income bracket (that are less likely to be doing PC-required tasks). They are still likely to get a cheap laptop since chatting is much easier with a real keyboard, but something like a Transformer begins to look very good. If you define China as 1st world... Apple is doing very well here (in China), even with its computers. It used to be Macbooks were rare, then they became fashionable but buyers would still put pirated XP on them. Today, most of those buyers are actually running OSX, they just got used to it through their iPhones/iPads. Other non-1st world countries I frequent seem very similar. This only applies to the middle class, of course, and most people in China are not middle class. At least the kids here aren't getting hooked on google docs like back in the states; the GFW takes care of that! If you are coding and not working with designers or using Blend, sticking with plain-old C# is better. WPF/WinRT/Silverlight are just great APIs, that they are somehow associated with XAML is orthogonal (my personal opinion, not speaking for my employer). This has always bothered me: I'm not the target user, but then who is? Some of the more unprofessional product managers can use this as a mantra when they really have no clue. On the other hand, when you include a designer in your product, you really have to let them do their job! Yes, feedback (external and internal) will be killer, but if they are good and know what they are doing, they won't let this sway them: they want to deliver a product that you will love, that you didn't know you wanted, and not necessarily what you asked for. Professional UX design with IDEs seems rather new (e.g., Cloud9), and developers are surprisingly a rather conservative lot. But if you want innovation from your IDE vendor, you should give them some room to experiment and possibly make mistakes. (disclaimer: MS employee, but not working on VS) This is very uninformed and related to a US-centric view of the world: there is plenty of ignorance and opinions to go around outside of the states. The issue is only so visible in the states because we are so divided, go to other countries outside of the 1st world/Europe and consensus is often toward creationism; there is not much controversy. Narco-subs are designed more for stealth than recreational diving (poor viewports, lots of cargo, old narco subs were just semi-submersible). Anyways, they cost about $2 million to build according to wiki, so they are sort of out of our price range. But you might be able to get a used one on the cheap from your coke dealer... For recreation, I think this wouldn't really beat just plain old snorkeling, or even scuba for the more involved. Its more like a rich-guy toy. Uhm, I couldn't find any 15" ultrabooks on their site, just a 14" one. Is that one of the tradeoffs you were talking about? Still a very nice machine! Does anyone remember Nissan's initial Infinity commercials? It was just scenery and nature; no car shown at all. Why is IE on that list? Is it substantially better than Chrome or Firefox as to be considered a must have app? You are correct about enterprise apps and (many) games. If you are a big gamer, there is not much point to get a mac. As far as I know, XNA is not moving to Metro Win8. But there are some alternatives (SharpDX, SlimDX). Most serious games are C++/DirectX anyways, so they should port over to Metro Win8 very easily (they won't have to use much WinRT). I'm not a web developer. Nor do I use Windows at home. I guess your point is that in the enterprise or web developer industry, you need Windows PC, I can totally believe that. Also, if you are an aggressive gamer, you will probably be more happy with a PC than a Mac. If you are outside of those areas, you'll probably be happy with a Mac or whatever else you want to use. If you are a consumer/non-gamer, then it doesn't really matter unless you are into Office; I mean, the must have apps are already on the web (facebook). Microsoft has been good at backporting their developer libraries? And we are talking about phone right? So...Windows Phone 7 (silverlight) to 8 (WinRT), or even from Windows Mobile 6.5 (WinForms, OpenGL) to Windows Phone 7 (Silverlight) . How much backporting was/is being done? Right, but the original topic was about phone and Microsoft's great back porting reputation just hasn't shown up there. There is something hard about the problem and none of the major players are taking that approach (Apple doesn't backport, just supports old hardware with new versions until it unsupports them). Downvote for disagreeing. Classy. I've been out for 7 years now (ended about the same time this guy started). I actually had some experience working at Dawson's bug finding startup a bit at the end, which was an interesting experience, but not what I was interested in, so I went to EPFL to work on Scala for my post doc. I can sympathize with the author's struggles! I'm only halfway through this, but everything is true, especially about research agendas and insider academic sub-communities. Ah, you MIT guys all know each other :) While you are at google, you might consider continuing to engage with the academic community to a limited extent. Onward! is very different with a new/improved community that is interested in bridging gaps between PL/HCI/systems and isn't so concerned about the publishing rat race. Different strokes for different folks. It takes a special kind of person to be a professor, but this doesn't have so much to do with aptitude. There are many ways to contribute to the world, getting a PhD is useful even if you are not dreaming of being a professor. Not at all, especially in systems. I guess my reply might have been ambiguous. Systems professors are generally especially pragmatic, mainly because of the maturity of the field and their culture (reflected in the high standards for top tier OSDI/SOSP papers). Mobisys and Mobicom are becoming more of a venue for the sensing community, which is relatively new and still dealing with technology that is a few years from being ready, so it makes sense that they are more on the interesting side. For systems work to be interesting, they go off and show how it can pragmatically improve your life (e.g., by finding lots of bugs in Linux). I'm not a systems researcher but I work in a systems research group (at MSRA) as a PL researcher, which is a very different community; we tend to be more designy. You could always attend a more relaxed PhD program outside of the first tier schools. These are still great schools and won't exactly be easier, but the pressure dynamics are a bit different and you'll have more time to experiment. I really enjoyed my PhD experience; I had time to explore who I was and was able to accomplish what I wanted to. It wasn't so much of as a useless grind as it was a journey to enlightment, but my experience is unique. These are only estimates from our intelligence community, but they are considered relatively reliable. China hasn't built up a massive nuke stockpile yet, and its probably not within their best interests to do so (expensive, increased tensions). They could not hope to match the US or Russia today, so why bother trying? China will continue to build up its conventional forces to project power in the region, that is probably more of a worry for the US than anything else. I disagree with your claim that bandwidth in 1st tier cities is anywhere as good as in the states. At work, at home, and in the cafe my internet is always slow, even when pinging local sites (Beijing). I'm always amazed when I go back to the states to visit and I can use...Netflix at my sister's place. Americans have bandwidth that we Beijingers can only dream of. True about IE and banks, but its easy enough to use IE when banking online and switch to whatever else you want. I don't know what the numbers really are; I suspect IE use is still high but might be lower in Beijing given all the Macbooks being used by the middle class. I've been an out American for 7 years now, first two in Switzerland, the last 5 in China. I still think America has a lot going for it. Switzerland is efficient and fair, but something is missing because of restrained competition and protectionism. China is the exact opposite, and its hard to believe the system works at all. For whatever troubles America has, our system still works and is rather effective; no one is really coddled and you have to work hard, but social mobility is still better in the US than anywhere else. There are people ignorant about the world in any country, I'm not sure why we always single out home bound Americans for being apathetic to world events. There is plenty of that to go around, even in Europe where people tend to travel more to other countries, but especially in China and even in Japan where people have many misconceptions about the rest of the world. There are no more superpowers, not when IEDs are easy enough to procure by anyone. Princelings are a big problem; I'm glad Bloomberg followed the trail on Xi Jinping (China's apparent next president). But really, the censors are way behind on this. All of the middle class knows this is how China works (political power = money) while the rural class doesn't care. So where do we go from here? Those in power hardly want to change a system that benefits themselves so greatly, and the system will continue to become more dynastic (certain families accumulating lots of power and wealth). Bloomberg is going to be out for awhile I guess. But check out the Streisand effect going on, the visibility that the meta story is getting is much more than the original got! I mostly go through immigration in SEA, and its kind of crowded but I usually get through before my bags arrive (as an American citizen). Portland is good also, although they used to have the nickname of Deportland for all the Japanese tourists that got sent back for sloppy paper work. The worst I've encountered so far is Gatwick in London for the terminal that handles Asian flights. 2+ hours in the queue waiting to get through immigration, torture! I'm sure the UK is worse than the US. Append https to the BBC article to read it behind the GFW. The https hack sometimes works when the government is blocking content on individual cites vs. complete sites. Or how Idaho is an algmation of LDS teetotalers, survivalist libertarians, and extremely liberal hippies! But even the different between Seattle and Spokane (Washington's first and second largest urban areas) is pretty extreme. My dad worked in nuclear, so I moved around a lot when I was a kid: Tricities Washington (sagebrush country), Toledo Ohio, Somewhere (Pennsville) New Jersey on the tristate border, Vicksburg Mississippi, and finally back to the PNW (Seattle). Actually, many Americans are fairly mobile, much more so than their European counterparts. Its not unusual to meet others like me who moved around a lot as kids (and are still moving, just not in the states anymore). General American ignorance is quite a myth, though I'm sure their are many stationary Americans, there are just as many Americans who've lived everywhere. I'm mixed about this. People are fairly comfortable in most developed countries, they are in some way too stable: oppurtunities are provided, for sure, but the urge for mobility is not as strong as in the states. The states is very different, however: oppurtunities are not as numerous (economically segrated educational system), but the drive is much stronger to take them when presented because it sucks at the bottom. Terrible connection in one location could just be a fluke, but in more than three locations? We've been thinking about upgrading our link, but many of our problems at home are that entire sites don't work, especially at night when internet use is very popular. China is still not as wired as the states, South Korea is much better and could be considered to excede the states, even countries like Thailand and Indonesia provide much better bandwidth when I visit (and no GFW to boot!). You mean the high-quality unbiased news we can get from CCTV? China has a fairly opaque government that is not very sensitive to public opinion (and especially international opinion); that they are often painted as the bad guy has nothing to do with bias. Just for the record, I'm not downvoting you (only have 200 karma points, can't downvote) and disagree that you need to be downvoted. The CCP is not sensitive to real public opinion since they censor/hide/or simply ignore facts. They are very much vested in shaping opinion, of course, but they care nothing about honest opinions. Consider that they don't even want to perform scientific polls (or have them performed by third parties), since they don't care about the results and would find them embarrassing regardless. That China is the bad guy has nothing to do with them being non-demecratic, and everything to do with just being overtly dishonest about world truth. If the CCP tomorrow started being honest about everything, good and bad, we would see them in a much more sympathetic light even as we contined to disagree with them and bad things continued to happen (we want clarity, not perfection). But the CCP contines to see face as being much more important to their continued existence than truth, and so I doubt this will end very soon. California has the US's strongest sactions against SLAPPs (strategic lawsuits against public participation). I'm sure this had something to do with dropping the suit, since it was brought up in Californian court. Its one thing to get your hand caught in the cookie jar, and another thing to claim the sky is hot pink when its really blue (or that the air is clean in Beijing when its obviously not). Certain parts of the US government lie, yes, but they get caught (and a handslap), don't do it all the time, and don't come off as insane. But the article wasn't biased, it was talking about a company who broke the law of the country they were operating in, it wasn't talking about so much the "evil" Chinese government as much as it was talking about the "evil" American company breaking American laws that just happen to export restrictions to China. It could have been export restrictions to France and they would still be breaking the law. Chinese get sensitive about any article that mentions China, whether they make value judgements about the Chinese or not. I've seen even the most fact-based empirically-evidenced articles posted from the most reputable unbiased international news agencies get shot down by wu mao dang commentors as being unfair. So you are worried about that one sentence? Does it even cast China in a bad light? It seems smart of them to learn from whatever wreckage they recovered in Serbia. Yes, I don't see much bias there, definitely not the opinion shaping kind of bias that would affect reader thinking. Maybe there are some insecurities that Chinese readers would be sensitive to that would completely escape westerner notice. I should have said "most" unbiased, of course bias is impossible to completely avoid. An article with facts as numbers, which is just reporting observations and not making value judgement, is as unbiased as you can get! For small UIs in games that run at frame rate, the performance is probably competitive to (if not better than) a retained UI. They are probably redrawing their screen on each frame anyways, while retained has its own memory/compute overhead to consider. Now, there is some point where the immediate mode UI becomes uncompetitive with retained; if you have a lot of complex/nested widgets for example, or you care about power consumption for a mostly static UI. The movie is produced by Sony, not Marvel right? So that explains all the Sony tie ins, and I'm sure they cut deals with a bunch of third parties. I really hope Marvel is able to get the rights to Spider Man back from Sony someday; they could do some cool universe cross overs (Spider man joins the Avengers, yah!). They also don't have control over X-men (Fox). I think that is part of the deal, but Sony Entertainment controls the property. Weird how Hollywood works! It requires a twist in your thinking for sure. We are so used to events, but don't realize how user unfriendly they can be. Polling is quite usable, and its rather easy to modularize polling code without any callbacks or inverted control flow. Well, if you are investing on analyst expectations, and then the stock doesnt meet those expectations, then of course a price correction is necessary. The market is efficient and so is sensitive to information changes. At least back in 94, I got in with some low marks (2.9 in Physis 121!), but I was really sweating it. Its a very competitive department, while increasing its size would have quality implications. I'm sure you mean getting into UW and not getting into UW CSE. UWCSE wouldn't care if you were in/out state, and you would apply in your Sophmore year according to marks you got in your first two years. First, UW is already mostly an elite university; its very hard to get in these days without the means to also getting into other elite universities like Stanford or UCB. Second, if all you want to do is make it into UW CSE, it is a risk. I remember the anxiety I went through as an undergrad waiting to here about whether I was excepted into the program or not. I got in, but it was by no means certain (I had 2.9/3.2/3.8 grades for physics, mostly do to me being slow to adjust to high-pressure weed out classes). I believe most public state schools are like this, they might have a few programs that are very high-quality compared to others, and therefore have to limit supply even after they have accepted students into the general population. Admit rates for private schools are lower since they generally take from a national pool, and the schools are quite popular (lots of noise applications with no chance of getting in). In comparison, UCB has a 21% admit rate from a large state of California and lots of other research schools in competition (UCSD, UCLA, UCD...). UW is only one of two research state schools in Washington, the other being WSU way across the state. Admission is incredibly convoluted: you chance of getting in from the Seattle area is much lower than Eastern Washington, and out of state students have a higher chance than in state (they pay more tuition). This means there are cases (personally known of) where a student is rejected from UW and is accepted into UCB and Stanford (though they have to pay a lot more tuition accordingly). UW is still a local state school; you shouldn't expect that students come in with the level of prep as say MIT or Stanford. Its elitness is local and comes mainly from the challenge of getting in, which, for those that bother to try (because they are in the Seattle area), is painful enough! UW also tended to weed students out rather early while I was there; 50% of my friends from the incoming class were gone by the time I hit my sophmore year. Of course, UW is not as exclusive as UW CSE, but to suggest UW itself is just a so so University is insulting to me. For undergraduate, UW is primarily a school for work class locals; we were not rich enough to go to nice prep schools and then afford the tuition of a nice Ivy league school. But then Seattle is also a fairly sophisticated upper-middle class city, so why not make the school in your backyard very good? That tuition is rising sucks; I paid $800 a quarter when I started in '93, and could get by mostly paying my own way; that is obviously no longer possible. But it is still relatively affordable if you live at home as well as a first-class research institution, Seattlites still want to send their kids there while UW is getting increased attention from China/India/the rest of asia (UW always did actually, 90% of the international students hail from somewhere in Asia). As a working class school, UW is definitely elite, but compared to other much elite schools for the elite then ya, UW is not Stanford. I rarely interact with other people from UW CSE, this is the case even in Seattle as its just not a very big program. However, I do know a couple of UW CSE graduates where I work today (Beijing China). It used to be that most UW CSE grads went down to Intel, these days many are off to Google; I'm sure some of them even make their way to Microsoft, but its not a large program so its not like you would see many around outside some otherwise obvious places. Coolness about Whitman. Walla Walla doesn't get enough love. Your point? The dam wasn't engineered well enough, definitely not up to western standards. Chernobyl is a similar situation. Anyone can build a dangerous power plant using whatever resource they want. Safety is something you invest in. The question then becomes how expensive is safe nuclear power vs. safe hydroelectric? The biggest problem with nuclear is that "safe" nuclear power is very expensive compared to the alternatives, but if they can get costs down without sacrificing safety (or the alternatives increase in price), its a good option for us. They are efficient with respect to imperfect information and an imperfect actor (humans with emotions), which means they will be even more volatile as new information is uncovered or new emotions arise. Analyst estimates were bullish, Samsung's later estimates were less than that. Since its not in Samsung's interest to be less bullish than necessary, investors took that as new reliable information and reacted to it by adjusting their target price for the stock downwards. Nothing weird about it. If Samsung was the only source of information, then you would be correctly. But they aren't, and even if they were, investors would make "bets" that were either more optimistic or pessimistic than what later information supported. I've had to configure my helper applications to avoid getting thrown into Metro from Desktop by accident; e.g., setting my PNG viewer to Chrome instead of picture viewer. I haven't found much to in Metro yet beyond browsing my applications, but I think the whole concept is very cool. Even on my Samsung tablet I find myself in desktop all the time...b/c OneNote is just that good. (disclaimer: another MS employee) Same situation in Beijing (and most of China actually). But then I rely on taxis heavily and avoid the over-capacity subway (different from Bangkok) unless I'm despearate, so I'm kind of a hypocrite. Taxis do not really improve traffic, and only help preserving parking spaces (which we have precious little of). Huh? The most popular form of taxi in Bangkok is a typical sedan. The Songthaews are more like mini-busses and actually are a pretty affordable form of private small-scale mass transit. They definitely aren't safe, but without them most of the poorer folks in Thailand would be screwed. Driving is already fairly expensive in Thailand: cars and gas are both pretty expensive. Taxis in Bangkok are much more expensive than they are where I live (tourist areas are even worse with their taxi mafias). Bangkok already has a public transportation system that is much better than other cities in the area (barring Singapore), they aren't doing that poorly. Skytrain is packed during rush hour, but it's not as packed otherwise. It seems to go everywhere I need it to when I visit Bangkok, though. Beijing cut the subway to 2 yuan during/after the olympics (it was 4 yuan before and even in 1999 it was 3 yuan). The result is that the subway is very elgalatarian and very packed; I avoid it for the taxi accordingly (spend about 80 yuan a day on taxis). But Beijing traffic is also worse than Bangkok's, and there is more regulation (no private minibuses, not many tuktuk that are useful). Whatever they do, the answer to our problems probably isn't more taxis but public transit is also a problem (for the middle class). I like Japan the best, where the transit is affordable, convenient, and mostly comfortable (when not rush hour). As others have stated, the OP was comparing run time separately from startup time, closure was found only to be about 4 times slower than java after startup costs are a storied away, which is quite believable given the benchmarks. For most programs that aren't compute intensive, you won't notice a penalty, but the same is true with ruby or python. OOP is defined primarily by its ability to abstract and encapsulate data (and state) in objects. See William Cook's paper on "On Understanding Data Abstraction, Revisited." Of course, there are other ways to encapsulate state; e.g., as monads; OOP doesn't promote encapsulation so much as it promotes encapsulation using objects. The second defining aspect of OOP is messaging (goes along with encapsulation); Alan Kay has more to say about that (just check out Message Passign on wiki). The third is probably dynamic dispatch and polymorphism; not all OOP languages have that. I've dealt with plenty of weird non-procedural OO languages (including my own) with no recognizable procedure construct, but this is a much more controversial position as there are no mainstream non-procedural OOP languages out there (Erlang?). However, procedural programming is mostly orthogonal to OOP, which is what I think the blog post is trying to get across? Monads can be used to encapsulate state, they are used for other things. You can use objects to encapsulate state, or you can use another style of data abstraction, whatever floats your boat. OOP has no unique capabilities, you just get to design your programs around objects, which is good enough for me. Its all about design. To be fair, there were times duing the Sui, Tang, and even Ming dynasties where the imperial exam was taken seriously and quite an innovation against current practices, where at least you could move up the social rank if you could do well on the test. Definitely would violate state secrets laws. The government wants a monopoly on this kind of information and will prevent anyone else from just going out and collecting statistics/polling on their own. Look at the fit they rose when the American embassy published pollution sastitics for what they measured (which is only legal because the embassy is sovereign territory...the real reason why they block twitter!). I'm also an object luver; I prefer to think about my designs in objects in a very anthropomorphic way. There are plenty of examples of bad and good designs in any language, while any paradigm is not a panacea. Bad OOP designs only dominate the industry b/c OOP dominates. You can build some beautiful systems with a functional programming language, especially if you are into formal mathematical elegance, I've ween some amazing things done with Haskell. But the systems I work with are very intrinsically stateful; objects just work better. Ya, that's weird. From my own anecdotal experience, Denmark has the maybe highest per capita computer science PhDs in the world. I've been using the new iPad for a few months now and I'm always bothereed to back to an iPad 2 for reading. I can just see the pixels on the iPad2 now, I didn't before, but now they bother me. Blast Apple for raising my standards! Actually, when you "search" for papers on a paticular topic, you need more information that what was best paper; the "best" paper for a topic is probably not distinguished in a conference that cover multiple topics! Citation rank is one way to evaluate a bunch of papers on a paticular topic, and its definitely one of the best way to find related papers in the first place. However, citations are fairly easy to game (cite yourself, get your colleagues to cite your paper) and therefore are not a great indicator of quality/influence/impact. Next, the venue of the conference is important; an OSDI paper will probably be pretty good given their low acceptance rate. But you can find lots of noise even at the best first-tier venue; its not that hard to get published (in CS) and many rising academics will flood the system with papers to make their tenure case stronger (where the tenure committee is not composed of peers, sheer numbers + conference rank are very important). Sometimes you'll also find a gem in someone's dissertation 10 years back who didn't really focus on publishing: if you don't pursue an academic career, you don't have too much motivation to publish broadly. Or a good paper that was never cited at all on some topic that was then just emerging or way before its time. The quality of my own papers (as judged personally and subjectively) are inversely related to their citation counts. Investors are not stupid, they have their own discounts or stock targets in mind. The price of a stock will always adjust one way or the other depending on new information; "not as bad as I thought" or "not as good as I hoped" can cause stock rise on negative results and stock falls on positive results. If you want to game the system, you need to commit fraud and inject misleading information into the system, I hear this happens quite often. Everywhere except china behind the GFW. It's always funny (in a sad way)when people come here and find they need to scramble for a VPN to look at plans on google docs. Dropbox ditto. That unions work with businesses to ensure harmony and productivity is the idea behind the CPC-run "unions" in China (I'm a mandatory member, yeh). I believe that unions should be somewhat antagonistic to keep the labor market a bit dynamic (so progress can be made); too much harmony is a big warning sign in many societies. Speaking of such, Japan was big into factory robotics up until the mid-90s, when they took a break to take advantage of China coming online and the cheap labor that came with that. Its crazy how China set robotics back by about 10 or so years. With Chinese labor becoming more expensive, I'm sure we'll see more progress; not to mention domestic bots, in-the-field bots, and drones. However, this is a good question: how to deal with surplus labor that gets displaced by robots? We might want to move more slowly for the sake of social stability, that 50% savings meant some guy might be out of a job. I'm not a Luddite, but we should definitely think carefully about the best way to proceed. Good writing takes time and resources, unless you are really good. Writing a good (academic) paper that is concise and coherent takes me a few weeks along with eyeball help from colleagues to point out what I didn't smell myself. I usually don't have those resources to spend on a blog post or even a short hacker news post; its in a different league. Try viewing an image, watching a video, or opening a PDF; if you don't custom configure your helper applications, you are thrown into metro each time you open these files. I've been careful to configure my helpers to avoid metro apps and just use Chrome instead, but I'm still encountering some content types that I forgot about that have metro viewers. Maybe I work too much but I rarely find myself in metro. Also, there is no metro version of chrome yet while I'm finding IE10 font rendering hard on my eyes. So metro right now is somewhere I go to launch apps or by accident when I click on some content with a metro helper. Those ultra books haven't been around for a "few years" yet so pc laptop reputation is still in the gutter. I have yet to experience a decent pc laptop personally, I've heard they exist, but our IT department hasn't short listed them yet. I hope this changes soon. VMware is fairly important in the enterprise. OpenGL ES 2.0 is actually pretty clean; the monstrosity that is other OpenGL is basically being held up by the CAD companies (such as AutoDesk) who are very conservative and don't care much about games; they just want their old code to keep running on new versions of the spec. Ok so my information must be outdated, apologies, I read about this a few years ago. OGL still needs to get rid of the legacy fixed unit pipeline and standardizes the interfaces for more advanced functionality (like OGL ES 2 and DX10). Same in China. I pay about 90 RMB a month for 90 minutes + 300 MB of data. Its not strictly prepay at that point, but you just remember to buy your plan every month, there is no contract, and BYOP (bring your own phone). I could go prepay if I wanted, but with data buying a plan each month makes more sense. The colors in the blog read fine to me. I have trouble with color bleeding when straight black is used on straight white. I would have gone with something a bit darker, say 60 or 70%, but definitely not 100% black. At work (also MS) I use my personal IBM Model M keyboard...dated from 1993, the same year that I graduated from high school. You used to be able to find them for $10 in surplus stores, but these days you have to pony up $50 or $60, sometimes even $100. Why can't someone make a nice tactile keyboard at an affordable price? Humidity is getting at my keyboard and I'll need a replacement soon. As mentioned in many posts, your history is a bit off. Also, my overtime work in Beijing doesn't make my girlfriend happy; she understandably gets very angry that I never make it home for dinner or put a strong wall between work and life, this is very important in Chinese culture and I feel violations are actually more acceptable in American culture. I guess everyone is different, its impossible to generalize. The concept of "community" breaks down very quickly in China. Sure, if you are a native Beijinger, you go to the park and do the dances in the square (assuming you are old or bored), but most of the people in Beijing are migrant workers who do not have hukou; they are basically excluded from the community. How can a community thrive when you exclude 60 or 70% of the people? Granted, 40% is still a lot of people, but something is very rotten in the society. Everything said in the article is plausible and probably true. Once you really get embedded in Chinese society, you are as exposed to unfairness and corruption as a local is, without the benefit of being treated as a local, and it makes sense right? You can escape if you want, they don't have much leverage over you. Grass is always greener somewhere else. But come on, the article is about China, not America, Europe or anywhere else. This is like how the Chinese press always diverts to American human rights problems when their is a discussion of their own. "See, America has problems too, so commenting on our problems is invalid." That's not the point, its not a competition! I can attest that things have been getting more conservative; starting from around 2008 and continuing into the present. I don't think Bo Xilai's down fall will have any bearing on this; his mistake was populism rather than conservatism. Politics here are so opaque its very difficult for us to really figure out what's going on beyond what we can observe on the ground. Companies still provide housing? Are you serious? That went out with the 90s in the big cities! And even then, how many people actually work for the government or an SOE qualify for this housing provided by the company? Its very easy to judge China through a western perspective; you just say "it was judged through a western perspective." Judging is always relative to a perspective and is useful to evaluate your situation. The author's article is not meant for Chinese, perhaps, but for other foreigners, and therefore its useful and not "bitterly biased." Foreigner laws in China are designed to protect us? Ya, by not letting our kids go to any but the most expensive international schools? By making us re-register with our local PSB whenever we go on a business trip? By limiting how we can spend our money..which we earned in China and paid (high) Chinese taxes on? By making us pay social security taxes and then telling us we will only see that money at all if we work here for 15 years? Why do Chinese always take criticism on China so personally as a face problem? Its common western practice to criticize something that you don't think is working right, we just treat China as an equal topic in that regard. Its not an attack, its just commentary. I think your information about China is quite outdated, or you are seeing it from a more biased perspective. I'm a half-pat, and I don't get housing benefits; most of us don't get benefits beyond the the last two years, expats are different: they get juicy packages. Chinese employees get to contribute to a housing fund (as part of social security benefits), but as far as I can tell they don't get much from that; its basically state-mandated savings to buy a house in Beijing they'll never be able to afford. SOEs still give housing out (as well as government orgs like universities), but most people don't work for SOEs. About education, the same problem applies to anyone without a hukou (foreigner or Chinese). Its quite ridiculous, we pay all of those taxes to keep society going and see nothing for it, and do you know how much tuition at an international school runs? I can't afford to even have kids unless I can swing a juicy expat package someday. I'm ok with registering at the PSB when I move or once a year when my visa is renewed, but every month when I have to go on a trip? Even Switzerland's Controle de Habitant wasn't that extreme, annoying. And even worse, the policy differs between PSB offices, (Shanghai is better than Beijing) even in the same city (Haidian is better than Chaoyang)! The paying of social security taxes for foreigners is a new thing this year, and they still don't know how it will work out. I don't mind paying taxes, I don't mind state funded retirement, or even the fake social health insurance. I just hate unfairness; every year the deal seems to get worse. Not true. Children of migrant workers don't get hukou just for being born in Beijing. You basically have people who have never been anywhere outside of Beijing who have no hope of getting hukou; they are basically a multi-generational second class citizenry. The hutongs are about the only place in Beijing where you can find high concentrations of Beijing'ers. Anywhere outside of the second ring road tends to be mostly migrants. Granted, some of these migrants are rich, live in nice apartments, and don't really have adjustment problems, but then again, there is quite a huge underclass in Beijing that has none of that. And if you can't get access to social services in Beijing, are you really a beijinger? Where do these kids go to school, take the gaokao, have a higher chance to get into PKU or qinghua? You aren't a full beijinger without hukou. That we can get hukou for a few of our college new hires every year is a big recruiting advantage for my company. This is a good point. Actually, "simple" requires understanding and insight that is not "easy" at all. Sometimes you have to go with a complex solution simply because you do not understand the problem well enough, but the understanding you get doing the hard thing can lead to enlightenment that leads to beneficial decomposition and simplicity. All solutions to the hard math problems only look easy in hindsight, it probably took frustrating long while for the super programmers to get there. This is why Google hires a bunch of PhDs to dev, they are just conditioned on slogging through those problems given their research training; they are not necessarily better than the non-PhD programmers, they just often spend their time differently. Great at math, then you can focus on math problems. Not great at math, you are probably great at something else that needs to be done. Diversity is good. As an aside, real compiler writers :) write their own lexers and parsers. Once you've written a lot of these, you get more efficient at writing more, but its a 10,000 hour thing. MapReduce is a simple realization that what we were doing in functional programming 20+ years before was useful in systems programming. Actually, "simple" isn't "easy" here, and MapReduce great realization so they deserve all the praise they get. But there was a lot of groundwork in place already. I would give Sanjay some credit also...and probably many others. Google has a great formula, but let's not get carried away; there are a lot of smart guys in systems who are very good at what they do. But super programmers is just a bit too condescending, I don't think any of them would appreciate that label. Recursive descent is nice if you want to finesse your error recovery, which is much more important these days than raw parsing performance. Times are a changing... In Japan you send your 1st grader kids across the city to school by themselves. They take the train by themselves...and they survive well enough. I can't believe anyone could say this with a straight face when comparing VS2010 with VS2008. 2012 is much improved and almost feels as fast as 2008. I'm not sure if you are being serious or not. You talk about all those great features that the user isn't probably interested in using, then blame those features for why the user can't start editing code in a few seconds? Features are great when you need them. But when you don't need them, they shouldn't be negatives. Incidentally, I don't think it was really features that made VS2010 slow. Its not just start up time (only relevant on reboot or VS crash), its the amount of time it takes for VS2010 to page back in after being idle for a few hours, its the amount of it takes to edit a file, the amount of time it takes for code completion to activate, the amount of time to build your project. I'm only comparing 2010 to 2008, Microsoft's biggest competitors are often its own older products! We can speculate all we want on what the deal is with VS2010; I'm just happy 2012 seems faster. In a similar spirit, I wrote a crumpled paper web browser around an IE instance in WPF once: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/sean_mcdirmid/archive/2009/07/27/a-w... Not very useful, but a cool effect. Life is much better when we can host web browser instances as textures. Geometry (as in this case) would allow for even better effects; I feel bad that I never thought of that! There are some distortions in the economy, especially in real estate, but its not a universal by any means. You get some districts/towns/buildings being built where there is no demand but someone can scrounge up land and capital, these are very under utilized, but in the boom regions space is still at a premium. There are also distortions in residential real estate, easy access to credit + no property taxes (just one upfront sales tax) means that many people by properties speculatively without intending to rent it out or flip them in a timely manner. This means many empty apartments even in cities like Beijing and Shanghai where rents keep rising. This is a common expat pita. So you move to a new country, the digital world decides that you now must immerse yourself in that country. And its quite true: the expat demographic is minuscule so why bother accommodating it? Its only because the technical barriers for it not being that way are so low, that we expect the digital world to be different from the physical world, but really, each country has its own commerce laws and you have to essentially "break the rules" to say...operate your iTunes account from a non-local address so you can still buy things in English. Google isn't so bad as long as you login; in fact the first hint I'm not logged in usually comes from a bunch of Chinese search results. Really, this isn't as big a deal as region coding, Netflix, Hulu, and VPNs that are constantly being attacked by your host government. ...unless the language menu is itself localized. This happens so often its not funny. Even finding the language menu is hard, since its title often localized also. Static (and even dynamic) type safety is always a shade of gray vs. a black and white thing. A language that is 100% type safe is a language that doesn't do very much (...or requires a theorem prover). Scala is very pragmatic in that regard. Could you be more specific? Is the compiler promising more than it can deliver, or are you saying the compiler could check something but simply doesn't? You can have 100% type safety in a straight jacket, but scala pushes what it tries to type check to an extreme limit; "safe" but then also not as conservative as Haskell or ML. I see scala as the c++ of statically typed languages, filling that niche where you need more from your managed language and are willing to take a leap, but this is controversial and a personal opinion. I really want to like (and buy) this "publication as a richer experience" as we need to find a way of getting beyond are book-like mentality in building documents that will essentially be read on a computer anyways. However, I don't really understand how to apply this technique in a way that could be successful and fairly generalized (i.e., it could become my new writing style). For better and worse, static linear prose allows the author to control the story that the reader is perceiving completely, it is quite efficient especially if the author can actually write! Anything else, like figures with verbose captions or lists, is often not very effective and a paper smell (like a code smell). We'll need many more experiments like what Bret Victor is doing here before we can successfully evolve what is basically a 7000 year old format. The caption approach often doesn't work very well in prose. The reader doesn't really want to divert their attention to a long caption, which interrupts their reading of a paragraph, if they bother they might have a hard time going back to where they left off after they've taken in the caption. This is why captions should be fairly short, especially when your reader is a reviewer who is not specifically interested in reading your paper. I actually prefer inlining my figures into the paragraph text, especially if they are short or math oriented. Reference becomes harder, but the reader's flow is better preserved. Now, we can avoid that problem by moving to an illustrated comic book style (as done in Bret's example), where the figures become the story and panels are read in lieu of prose. But its very difficult to do a whole paper like this. Stimulus is more about wealth redistribution in times of duress, when income equality is seriously out of whack. The only problem today is that the money is coming from low interest loans from China vs. heavy taxes on the rich (as during the Great Depression). The flipside of stimulus spending is supply-side economics (or Voodoo economics according to the elder Bush), where cutting taxes magically increases revenue since there is more economy to tax. In reality, they basically drive up inequality, though either position can be useful in moderation and both are incredibly damaging when used too much. Neither technique is based on scientific theory, rather they are more like strategies or heuristics to be used in managing the economy that are based more on experience and perhaps ideology. Economics is not a hard science, its a social science. So is forecasting their effects, or forecasting future economic behavior; without stimulus unemployment might have been worse, meaning Obama could have been more optimistic about the future outlook of the economy at that time. You know, these trends are like a rollercoaster. Wallspace used to be preferred over open spaces, then people started clamoring for open spaces (call it "loft envy"), walls got torn down in old houses, new houses got built without walls. If you wait, the trend for more rooms/walls will probably come back again, though I personally prefer the large inside open spaces. The operating system has to be adapted for one, but the biggest problem would be the app developers: they have to make changes to their pixel assets to suit the new resolution. Apple has the same problem, they are just aggressive about pushing developers in the right direction. Its a classic chicken/egg problem, especially when considering PC diversity (its obvious where Apple is going, its not obvious where the Window hardware providers are going). This is a very good reason why Tibetan Buddhists aren't vegetarians; they couldn't survive on plant matter in the high Himalayas, where barely any plant growing agriculture is possible. Animals are incredibly effective in converting widely dispersed plant matter into something we can actually use for energy. Pigs are even probably the world's best recyclers, able to eat anything (garbage, but hopefully just organic left overs), which we can then benefit from indirectly (there is a good reason why many cultures don't eat pork though, its kind of gross when you think too much about it). I am now forced to quote Douglas Adam's "Restaurant at the End of the Universe:" "A green salad," said Arthur emphatically. "A green salad?" said the animal, rolling his eyes disapprovingly at Arthur. "Are you going to tell me," said Arthur, "that I shouldn't have green salad?" "Well," said the animal, "I know many vegetables that are very clear on that point. Which is why it was eventually decided to cut through the whole tangled problem and breed an animal that actually wanted to be eaten and was capable of saying so clearly and distinctly. And here I am." Going in the other direction, you have a country full of vegetarians, India, which is probably the best place for growing things on Earth (at least, India is filled with arable land), and meat probably looks less appealing in that context (less grazing land). Globalization is still not an answer in most of the third world, where they don't have much to trade for food from, for example, the Ukraine or USA bread basket regions; they have to eat local! There is another interesting story about Coptic Christians in Egypt, pigs, and organic waste collection. The Copts were collecting trash to feed their pigs, but Egypt being mostly Muslim and all told them to kill all their pigs (they were also worried about disease, which could be a valid reason). Anyways, they stopped collecting garbage because no pigs to feed, and the government couldn't supply the garbage collection capacity to fill in the gaps so Cario started smelling very bad. Ah, ecosystems are so fragile and interesting! Unless your language research focuses on debugging, IDE, standard library; I don't bother with multi-platform, performance, and deployment, but I know others that do. Really, we are just single people, we are not out to create the NBL, we are out to push things forward and create well-thought-out ideas that could be included in the next NBL, and we realize that most of our ideas will fail to make it big time. But perhaps some of them will survive and have an impact (so is the depressing life of an academic programming language design researcher). Strong versioning is key. Only allow links to be redirected to bug fixes, never feature enhancements. If you wrote your code for 1.0, you'll continue to link against 1.0, barring some bug fix (1.0.1). Your code should never be silently upgraded to link against 1.1. Microsoft also gets this right with the global assembly cache. As an aside, DLL Hell was coined by Szyperski, who still works for Microsoft. Not many tech startups being started in countries without governments (e.g., Somalia). Google was started by a couple of Stanford grad students who surely were being funded by DRAPA or NSF while they were coming up with their big idea. I think what the parent poster wants is something like radical feudalism, where your patrons and infrastructure comes from rich land owners (i.e. lords), rather the government, like it was in the good ole days (i.e. medieval times). Related to Bret Victors work: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4421235 I really want to try this in my next paper! Sounds like Bill Berry, who retired from REM to become a farmer...just because that was actually his dream. When you are young, you can't really imagine why anyone would not want to be in the thick of it. But an idyllic life is very much a good exit from that. ...and made it standard on a widely selling phone, and got app developers to make their apps with high-res art so users could actually take advantage of it, and decided to push it to their other devices also, repeating the process in other markets. Now there is fire on Microsoft to do the same, and I wouldn't be surprised if the whole industry doubles DPI on tablets and PCs within a couple of years. I'm sure Apple wasn't the first manufacturer to get rid of floppy disk drives and standardize around USB with the iMac, but they surely had a huge impact in their choices. Japanese phones were (are?) kind of a mess, diverse, lots of esoteric features (tv tuners), and when I was there, very WAP based. No one provider had much clout to set industry standards, so each phone was its own island beyond the (admittedly excellent) online services that every phone could access. Now...why iPhone was so popular in Japan while the bleeding edge Japanese headsets were relegated to the home market? Surely it wasn't just marketing on apples part. Yes. What the hk'ers are against is the "patriotic" education where the kids learn about Mao and how great the CCP (Chinese communist party) is. And I think they have a good point. If you want to do business in china, Chinese is sort of required. Considering the rising clout of china, it could become mandatory for work trade very quickly. Japan is much smaller (population) in comparison, and much more an island where you don't see many Japanese outside of Japan these days. Chinese people are learning English, they are already better at it than the Japanese. But again, huge population, many of the powerful guys don't feel like learning or speaking English for face reasons. Totally agree with you on language choice, learned Japanese in the 90s, never went anywhere with it. Mandarin has been much more rewarding. Take it from me, an American living in china. Chinese language teachers in china aren't very political (actually most Chinese are not very political), I suspect the Confucius institute teachers are rather typically similar. American English teachers (not paid for by the USA government,as or more numerous) are much more politic in contrast, trust me, we are indoctrinating more then they are. Disclaimer: not all English teachers here in china are American. Spoken Chinese is quite easy to learn if you already speak English, it's grammar is quite flexible. Reading and writing is another matter, I'm almost fluent in conversation, but I can only write conversationally (e.g., SMS), Im basically illiterate otherwise. Idioms are also a pain, but you don't need all of that to be functional, argue with taxi drivers, and impress at business meetings. Apple doesn't innovate on features, but on experiences. Apple is rarely the first to release a feature but is often the first to release a features in a non craptastic (invoking my inner fake Steve jobs here) package. So yes your point is us right about feature, but apple (and consumers) doesn't care, and you just can't call that good marketing. What is the state of the Japan phone market today? Is it becoming more Korean? Or are the local companies adopting android cold turkey and not messing it up? I haven't been to Japan for a couple of years now. Chinese is way easier than Japanese, none of that crazy grammar or honorifics going on, you just have to learn a few tonal sounds. I made my greatest leap in all but 6 moths studying in Beijing in 2002. But it's much better to learn a language in context (where they speak it) vs at high school. Tones are easy, you just have to speak naturally and they'll naturally fall out, you don't even have to think about it. Most learned of Chinese overcompensate on tones, they would be better to forget the, and just pick that aspect of Chinese up from practice. The tablet market, at this moment, is going the other way, to include devices that are cheaper, a bit smaller, and more oriented toward pure consumption (Nexus 7, Fire HD, iPad Mini). This market has lower margins but the potential for lots of sales even beyond the iPad today. Now Microsoft comes with Surface (Pro and non-Pro), sounds like they are going after niche high-end tablet markets (those who want Office + a keyboard), and higher-end tablet markets (though who want to run Visual Studio). Completely opposite direction that at best will be a successful ultra-book. I'm not seeing mass appeal, but a lot of that will come down to pricing. Innovate on the experience, not just the features dammit! I'm really tired of hearing this refrain that Apple is not innovative because all they do is take existing features and put them into....a package that people can actually use!? But then "isn't that the easy, uncreative, uninnovative part?" Yes, building usable experience is innovation, and yes its very important. Apple innovates on the experience, but they've also refined their supply chain (actually, Cook's main contribution). That is more good engineering than innovation (we can even argue if good engineering is innovation in itself, but its kind of pointless). Amazon has come up with an interesting business model by focusing more on content sales to offset low hardware prices, whereas Apple's thinking is quite the other way (content supports hardware sales, not the other way around!). If you want to call that "innovating on business model", I won't argue with you, but now the term is so diluted that its not very meaningful. My original point was that Apple did a lot of work to bring products to market that were usable and didn't suck, and that is really the innovation that most people acknowledge and notice. "just as much innovation" is such a weird term, how do you actually measure innovation? At least this isn't another "Apple is successful b/c of their marketing" argument, which is bogus since their marketing budget was (until recently) absurdly low compared to other companies in the same industry. The PC market is not growing at any significant level, while the tablet market is exploding. Many analysts out there believe the tablet Of course, you could be right, people could be looking for fuller PC experiences in their tablets, and then Microsoft will win big (and my stock as a MS employee will go up, yeh!). But this trend of going lower price/smaller screen doesn't really indicate that this is happening, although we really have to wait for the iPad mini to see how that really plays out. http://techcrunch.com/2010/10/27/apple-ad-spending/ quote "And while $691 million may seem like a massive amount of money, it’s still less than half of what Microsoft spent on advertising last year. And it’s less than what Dell spent last year." I'm not sure what the case is like today, I'm sure its gone up a bit but would be surprised if they surpass Microsoft yet. Apple doesn't pay for product placements; see http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2012-05-10/apple-the-ot... quote "The cast’s (Gossip Girl's) sudden conversion cost the Cupertino (Calif.)-based iPhone maker nothing. Apple has spent decades strengthening its subtle but powerful grip over Hollywood, and unlike many companies, says it never pays for its products to appear on television or in movies." Apple doesn't SPEND much on marketing, but the marketing done is incredibly effective. Turns out, just having the best product makes the job much easier. The truth is brutal: they build the right products, they practically sell themselves, and once they've reached critical mass, what else do you expect them to do? Now you bring out the sheeple argument...ah...ok... At all the computer science conferences I go to, Macs outnumber PCs; no I mean they actually dominate PCs! Now Apple has cultivated an image that the smartest people use Macs? Or maybe these people just use macs b/c they are the best coding machines out there, and they really don't care paying more that? Or maybe we CS PhDs are just sheeple and like shiny things just like less technical users? Really? (I'm not downvoting you , just so you know) If you know if a laptop that is better than a high-end macbook pro, please let me know. I mean, please...I'm not supposed to use Macs myself given who I work for...I am desperate for a decent work laptop without a fruit logo on it. Sometimes MBPs are bought and Windows/Bootcamp is installed, sometimes they install Linux, sometimes OSX is perfectly OK because they are using Eclipse or some other cross platform IDE anyways. And their are those that actually do Mac/iOS development. Fun stuff. Don't upvote this, it sounds like a propaganda piece that is responding to the Left/Citron short positions. I'm pretty sure Qihoo doesn't rule the browser market in China (IE still does well), and their product is really just so so. The Beijing tech scene is sort of small so we exchange a lot of war stories. Qihoo is definitively buying some press and baking some numbers. The article is not informative and seems paid for, hence why it shouldn't be up voted. Beijing is its own bubble of course (more macs than other cities) but Im sure IE has the lead in Chinese browser market share. Usually you short because you think a stock is overpriced and you have good reasons for that. Chinese companies are also often incredibly opaque, making them good targets. Just one more post in an argument that is probably misplaced and not very interesting to anyone else besides us :). It used to be that buying a Mac was a hard decision. Not only were they more expensive (not a great value), but you also had to give up performance (especially in the PowerPC age) and app availability. Today, you no longer have to make those hard decisions, while the PC vendors have gone low end and have let their quality fall dramatically (which wasn't that great to begin with). That I say macs today are the "best" computers we can buy have something to do with Apple continuing to focus on quality, having value that compares to the PC vendors, and the PC vendors having sunk into a race to the bottom with each other, leaving Apple free to reign over the +$999 market. So just show me a laptop that is "as good as" the the retina MacBook Pro that comes in at +$2000, a price I'm willing to pay (be it me or my employer, I'm worth it given how much time I spend using my computer). I honestly can't find anything that compares in the PC zone, and believe I've tried! My mistake. I thought the article was a puff piece, but it turns out to much more critical than my first read. Qihoo is a really shady company, and they deserve all the flak that can be thrown at them. Sorry, I read the article wrong, and I deserve my downvote! I was talking about Qihoo a few weeks ago with a former employee, and...its definitely an interesting company. Their product also reflects on us (I work for Microsoft) negatively, so Qihoo really inspires lots of anger on my part. Its not really not that different. Its not the simplification that Cloud9 has done, and its nothing wild like LightTable is attempting. Actually, 2012 is very conservative, they polished the UI, but its still basically the same IDE as it was in 2005. I'm very excited to see new kinds of IDEs coming to market, Cloud9...and even LightTable. I think we are almost at the end of the line for SmallTalk-ish IDEs like Visual Studio or Eclipse. Give the poster a break, idiots could refer to whoever at Microsoft said that (as they were correctly not well informed nor had any special information). Office and Visual Studio are of the new "metro-inspired" UIs that, for very good reasons, cannot migrate away from desktop right now. I'm sure we'll eventually see some of these apps move to more Metro UIs (Office?), but for some they will always be desktop (Visual Studio). Disclaimer: work for Microsoft, but nowhere near these teams. Did he announce that all employees are getting WP8 devices or just American employees (~45k)? Given that subsidies are not common outside of the US, I'm thinking only 1%. We only just recently got our WP7 devices here in China (I work for Microsoft China). I still have not seen a Windows Phone device in the wild; I hope our market share is much better in the states! Without a site license for Adobe CS, it makes sense that some orgs wouldn't have that in their budget (its like $1000 per seat!), while UX teams would definitely budget for that. The problem in essence is "design by PM," which I'm sure is not unique to Microsoft at all. Well, there is DreamSpark... I'm not sure why anyone would think MS uses only their own OS for everything. Microsoft has been known to use other OS's in the past (the website used to run on Solaris right?), and we do have designers with macs (beyond just the team that does MacOffice, of course). Eat the dog food but don't drink the kool aid, anyways. Which is also bogus. There are plenty of exceptions (otherwise, how the heck does Microsoft develop Mac Office?). Its probably more about morale than marketing. Getting employees to experience and enjoy the company's products is very important. Also, they might build more apps for WP and Win8 in their spare time. But 90K people...isn't really enough to make a huge impact, perhaps the ~40K in Redmond/Bellevue, but the effect would dilute quickly as you approached downtown Seattle from the eastside. Edit: morale vs. moral It will take them awhile to figure this out. I just meant to say that when they announce these, it might not affect 90K worldwide employees right away, its more like the 40K in USA/Redmond + figure out how to handle in each other country based on unique circumstances (availability, taxes, etc...). Sorry, yes, I was thinking about BizSpark. And your point is very reasonable, which is why tools like Visual Studio Express are very important. You should write a page for it. You aren't supposed to create pages for your own projects/products on wikipedia; they should come from neutral parties. You need hardware to test and also motivate your work. You wouldn't build an iPad app without an iPad neh? Hardware discounts are hard when you aren't producing the hardware. You are basically subsidizing cost, and...you could imagine how much trouble that is! Better to just give it away; besides, if it was Microsoft campus store only, it would be only good for the folks in Redmond. Attrition happens, but honestly losing an employee costs more than a phone and a tablet! Ah! Did they do a reasonable time delay for each market? Some of us need to sleep. I would never use my company provided laptop for non-work (moonlighting) purposes. All of my personal computers are macs running OS X; I'm afraid of buying a PC in my market (China), while the local Apple Store in contrast is a very dependable and safe (Apple is also better about servicing hardware bought out of country). If I was back in the states, I would feel better about buying a personal PC. The problem with giving free hardware to customers is that you can't really identify who would add value with it, while employees are a better (but probably still not very good) heuristic. You will always need to test your app on a real device it is intended for; virtual machines and simulators don't really account for the real device experience. For mobile/tablet apps, this means you'll need a decent device in that category. Not relevant in this case. No one here is trying to hide anything or not draw attention to something. The white house did not make the video more visible in the Muslim world by making a review request; Arabs protesting the video didn't make the video more visible in the western world (the video is trash anyways). They should have samples. every designer/design firm has at least some kind of portfolio they can show customers. these people are probably not professionals. PechaKucha! 20 slides, 20 seconds per slide, 6 minutes 40 seconds. (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pecha_Kucha ) But to be honest, if you go there each slide would be simple; a picture + 3-5 word caption. This service is probably aimed at the clueless business type who do bullet point heavy slides. They would do much better to charge by perceived length of presentation; but this is a subjective metric. Most of us aren't sociopaths. We'll have some empathy for the chef. The reason it works out for the car salesman and real estate agent is that a commission on one sale more than makes up for many lost sales; if they could have more sure sales their commission would surely go down accordingly. This isn't the case for 99 designs or 99 chefs. You could invest the time and learn how to do design good presentations. Honestly, better communication skills are important for everyone. For the aesthetic stuff (fonts, colors, layout) that we are less skilled in, copy style what you like best from your favorite presentations given by others. I don't think any self-respecting chef WOULD participate in 99 chefs, at least, not for the money. But a better analogy would be the American tip: do you leave her 15%, 20%, or 25%? I literally have to break out a calculator to ensure I'm leaving a 20% tip, I would feel guilty otherwise, and I also don't want to overpay. I hate going to the states because of that. Again, no self-respecting GOOD designer is going to participate in 99 designers, not with the effort needed to come up with good choices for their clients. At least everything must start with a good faith contract, and then maybe contracts get cancelled sometime for non-performance (but really, the designer might avoid that at all costs even if it means working off clock). Now how would 99 designers change that and make it better? I'm not a designer, but I work with many (and my partner is one). You really have to define your customers! I'm going to assume that a designer wouldn't use your service, nor probably higher-end presenters; too much is riding on their presentations to leave them to an outside service. Your target is more likely business folks who give presentations sometimes, its not a primary aspect of their job, and sometimes these presentations mean a lot and they want design help. But what does design help mean? Layouts, fonts, and colors? Assets, structure, and story telling? If the former, the client could easily game you by having a few slides done and repeating the style; these aren't posters after all! The latter is much less gameable, but also much more involved, I don't see how that could work at all without a tight feedback loop between the designer and client. I dislike "name your own price" models personally. You might get the occasional sociopath who pays little, and everyone else will agonize over coming up with the right price to pay. Sometimes its easier to just set some kind of price, you might put slides into different buckets based on their complexity/work needed and compute a price dynamically (use per-word, per-graphic, speaking time specified by the user, etc...). But good design changes might cause reorganizations in the entire deck. In that case, I would go with something like "intended length of presentation." Eventually, but two problems that could slow down the process (meaning, not necessarily "soon"): (1) Apple has made lots of forward looking investments to get long-term lock ups on supplies even if the manufacturer is Samsung. So perhaps they've already bought the next 1 or 2 years of these displays that Samsung can produce. Samsung would then have to build more factories to supply the needs of other OEMs, where the OEMs did not help invest ahead of time to help build this capacity themselves. (2) More significantly: the operating system and its software eco-system must actively support high-resolution displays. Since Windows 8 is more popular on the low end, there might not be much incentive for Microsoft or their software partners to actively change their software to support what would initially probably be a very niche market for them. Without the software, there isn't much motivation to produce the hardware. Apple doesn't really have this problem: they've sort of forced the issue by releasing the hardware first, they've upgraded their OS to deal, they've primed the market with a few enabled apps, and their users are fairly high end, will demand more apps, where the app developers will quickly oblige (Adobe came out with a HiDPI version of the Creative Studio tools recently). Eventually we will all get high resolution displays, but it will probably take much longer for the PC ecosystem than the Mac ecosystem. If its successful enough on Mac, however, I would expect the process to speed up on PCs so they remain competitive. You can't just upscale most apps for a higher PPI. The art is mostly pixel based and upscaling will create artifacts. So for some boosts in resolution, this is ok, the art just gets smaller, and app developers slowly adapt by making their art bigger. But from 1X to 2X...upscaling works a bit better but is still not ideal, while you really have to go and completely redo your pixel art. I'm aware of this post, but as far as I've read, the model is applicable to Metro/WinRt only; I've heard of no plans at all for desktop. I also haven't heard much goodness yet about running Windows 8 on retina macbook pros. Does Visual Studio 2012 ship in a way that can handle 200%? Photoshop for Windows? I've always assumed they would do this for tablet, but what about high-end desktop-only apps? I'm sure it happens eventually, 2X pixel laptops will go on the market, but the transition sounds like it will be a bit painful. Disclaimer: also work for Microsoft, but all my info about product plans comes from devouring public information. Well, it sounds like a hard problem. Reducing the resolution is not a satisfying solution, even if it worked without artifacts, you'd still be wasting your expensive screen. The OS and apps would have to support the higher resolution to sell the hardware, and the hardware needs to exist to drive the software changes; chicken meet egg! It is nice that this is fixed in WinRT, but we can't do the high-end productivity apps in WinRT (e.g., Visual Studio or Photoshop with plugins). I actually wouldn't mind using high-end productivity apps in WinRT (I maximize most of my apps already in desktop), and I hope in the future that will happen. I think the parent made a very obvious point. Correctional facilities (i.e. prisons) are much more expensive than decent public education up front; and this primarily applies to troubled students. China only seems mysterious because it lacks an independent press. Everyone knows the official line parroted by Xinhua and CCTV is often BS, but there is really nothing to fill the gap. So everyone is reading tea leafs because there are important questions that need answers. What happened to Xi Jinping and who will replace him (if he really had a stroke)? What official is going to get beat down b/c his son was hot rodding recklessly in a Ferrari? Will Beijing introduce a property tax that will severely reorganize the property market? Are they going to keep the pension cap at 12K RMB income or will they open it up to be more progressive, virtually forcing all of us laowai to leave (since no one believes we will be able to collect)? Its hard to understand what an unfree press gives you until you've experienced it. The Hu/Wen government has been very disappointing compared to their predecessors. I mean, 10 years with basically no political or economic reform! Perhaps this is because of the battling between reformists and traditionalists, or perhaps all those officials have just been busy cashing in for their kids (have to pay for those Ferraris somehow). And we have no idea what Xi will do; more of the same? Change for the good? Change for the bad? Its like if we elected a president in the states who had no past. Programming involves the ability to deal with abstraction, a lot of it. Just like most kids hit a wall in calculus (which is really their first exposure to abstraction), most kids hit a wall in programming. Those that can deal with abstraction well get programming. Programming benefits from the ability to tell stories, but many programmers are not great story tellers (i.e. communicators), its a skill that you have to learn separately, then your programming improves because of it. I'm sure many more people make a living programming than telling stories (journalism, authors, etc...), but if you have evidence otherwise, would like to see that. Anyways, that has more to do with demand (for programmers vs. authors) than supply (those able to program or write). I'm not sure. We don't have a charismatic like Putin leading, law in China seems much more defined than Russia. I believe the corruption will eventually be cleaned up and we'll get a well run police state like Singapore. That's a bit pessimistic. Actually, I don't think even the central government thinks they can control the backlash that will eventually occur if things continue like they are. Especially if there is just one recession/significant economic downturn, or if the property bubble bursts. The government knows its on very fragile footing now. I totally agree. Actually, I only didn't make that point because the benefits productive/happy members of society are less obvious. So what if some of these kids become baggers at WalMart? That is much better than someone who can't live on their own or hold any job down at all. There are a class of programming models that exploit that, and they aren't very expressive. At best, they are suitable for casual programs who need to write some code to solve very specific problems, say writing something in Excel. However, serious programming (done by full time programmers) really requires the ability to create new functions. A small but very vocal sub community of programmers hates semicolons. Really, semicolons are nice for readability and nice for your tools, as they make statement termination explicit. I was on the losing side (a semicolon lover) of this debate when it came to scala. I have first hand experience that semicolons are good for tools. I've also helped people debug their Scala compilations by having them add semicolons on various lines to make the error messages more comprehensible. If we didn't have multi-line statements, new lines would work great as statement terminators. I think you are right but I disagree with the trend. Debugging a wide horizontal expression is much harder than debugging a tall vertical sequence of statements. Often through physics engines. You express a bunch of constraints then let a physics engine solve them on each time step (and sometimes across multiple time steps). Custom (non-physics) solutions involve declarative sets of constraints being solved by some sort of engine; such solutions often start to resemble physics engines even if the physical rules even if the constraints are not exactly physical. Learning how to use a physics engine, first, then how those physics engines work, is a good start to understanding these kinds of problems. Edit: I'm really surprised the stackexchange answers don't mention this. I work in this area and I'm not so sure the fix will be easy. There seems to be a real "cognitive" cost to abstractions such as deep chains of combinators, which spills over into debugging. How the heck are you supposed to debug something when the control flow is abstracted N-layers deep? You really can't, which means you have to resort to something like data-flow debugging. After all these years and Word still can't kern worth a darn. Would love to throw away LaTeX for something easier to use, but Word is not it. Excel is special if you need it, PowerPoint is almost as good as Keynote now. Visio seems like it hasn't been updated in 10 years; OmniGraffle is so much better. I would start with Erin Catto's Box2D. http://box2d.org/ There are C#, Flash, Java versions if you aren't into C++. Lots of documentation on the web, but the getting started guide is good enough. Using Visio is like stepping back to 1999. They could have at least updated the renderer, added better magnets and auto positioning... It's bizarre looking at a old-style renderer bolted onto a metroish UI in 2013. What are their designers thinking? Visio was the best diagramming tool in 1999, it's still popular in the enterprise, biz types love it; omnigraffle is more for designers, engineers who use macs, different markets to be sure. But you know, the problem as stated was how a bunch of influences affect...cows. So think of them as a bunch of mechanical cows instead, and the influences are modeled through springs and collisions, things like that. AI is often cast as constraint solving, and a physics engine is basically a constraint solver. Of course, for real the AI engine runs next to the physics engine. Ah! I should have mentioned Rodney Brooks' work: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subsumption_architecture where you model intelligence as a bunch of simple prioritized reflex-like behaviors. Now, on each step, you have each "entity" execute their reflexes according to the current environment, where some reflexes act to disable others. The reflexes are incredibly simple, you probably couldn't even express A* path finding, but you could have the act as ants following a diffusely scented trail. Also see his paper "Elephant's Don't Play Chess." Any economist worth their salt knows that taxes may or may not inhibit economic growth. Taxes invested in infrastructure, security, and education may actually increase growth long term. Taxes wasted on corruption will most definitely hurt growth. Property taxes also encourage people to put properties to work, inheritance taxes encourage more dynamism between the generations (discourage old money aristocracy), and so on. Overly harsh taxes on the rich will also encourage avoidance (honest or dishonesty) and migration (negotiate your own rate with a swiss canton), while regressive taxes on the poor will lead to riots and revolts. Societies are complex systems and managing them efficiently is actually (gasp) quite difficult. Inflation in moderation has its uses. It acts to cut debt and encourages people to spend money and stimulate the economy today, which is preferable sometimes over encouraging saving. Compared to inflation, deflation is quite evil: your debt load goes up, what you want will be cheaper tomorrow, your best option is to save. Look at Japan's lost decade to see what that would bring us. The USA is hardly a very centralized system; a lot of taxation happens at the state and local levels, while spending as a share of GDP isn't crazy compared to other developed countries (who mostly consider us very conservative). From some cruddy numbers I found via a quick Google; if someone has better numbers, please share, Federal government spends 25% of our GDP, state/local another 15%, we spend 60%. Of course, we spend money we haven't earned (lent from other countries), so say the federal government taxes at about 15% of the economy (states/locals don't go into debt as much, so they are probably roughly event at 15%). T Sources: http://www.usgovernmentspending.com/us_20th_century_chart.ht... http://www.politifact.com/virginia/statements/2011/apr/22/ma... And this is a non-post. First, hardware is typically more expensive here in China (components make up much of the cost, which are imported into export-only zones, VAT is high), so if they are selling them for $45 in China retail, I'd expect them to eventually be the same price or cheaper in the states. Second, its not a knock off tablet if it doesn't claim to be something it isn't (like an iPad). The branding is very white label. Our birth rate and relatively friendly immigration policies (compared to Japan at least) are an advantage here. We also have enough room to grow to 400 or 500 million in the next few decades, which would definitely solve any demographic problem if that growth came from births and young immigration. Coincidentally, I haven't programmed in C++ for about 12 years. I'm sure its dead for a large segment of the programming population, and its still much alive for another segment. Same here in China. iPhone's are so commodity now, even migrant workers have them. Tianjin? I only know of one guy in my entire lab in Beijing who even knows Haskell. There is always Caltrain. Anyways, even if Bart went all the way to south bay, I'm sure these buses would still run as Bart would have too many stops, would be too slow and uncomfortable. If you have a lot of people coming from the same places and going to the same place, why not provide a dedicated bus that is virtually point to point? Seattle had (has?) express buses to Boeing that worked under the same principle. These were provided by the public transit agencies, however. Then Microsoft came out with the Connector, which is similar to the Google model. Tech workers making $200K+/year, if it takes them an hour to get to the caltrain station on MUNI, that's a lot of money just gone. And again, these guys are coming/going to the same place, why not just give them a bus that is almost point-to-point? That is fairly efficient/environmental if that is your bar. But I agree on the last point; but offices should be built where people want to live, not the other way around. Twitter is in SF for a reason. But then people don't all want to live in the same place; some have kids and prefer suburbs, some are younger and prefer the city. Edit: facebook -> twitter. (face plant) Ironically, "sum += e.size()" is conceptually not serial at all; the order that each iteration runs is not relevant while you could restructure the computation into a tree of partial aggregations. The work around in Java, using a Cell , is a hack that gives you the updatable mutable variable you need without too much ugly overhead. so something like... cell = new Cell (); ... { ... cell.Value = ... } }) 20 or 30 minutes on the subway actually to get to Puxi (basically, downtown Shanghai). China's middle class is very cab oriented; it doesn't make much sense to take public transit, especially for 40 or so RMB the maglev costs, when you can hop into a cab and get where you want much sooner (barring horrible traffic). In Beijing, I taxi to work everyday despite living on the subway route to my office. Taking a taxi is not that expensive while its more comfortable and (not always) faster. This has no relationship to the American situation, I guess, which is tripled screwed by low densities, poorly developed public transit, and high taxi costs. Definitely. I actually even prefer to live close enough to work to bike it, where transit is just a nice backup. I used to commute to the city from San Carlos on Caltrain; it was kind of nice actually (helps when your office is next to the caltrain station). Most of Europe (and some of Asia) is beautiful with respect to transit, density, and quality of life. I hope we (as a country) move in this direction, but it really requires a change in our value system. Tokyo subway is much better than Beijing's; here you will never get a seat no matter when you travel (not just rush hour), the transfers are wicked long, the system is also not very connected. It is very cheap though, only 2 RMB (~30 cents?), which explains why it is so crowded. With a taxi, I really have to make sure not to travel when traffic is bad, and it is much more expensive (50 RMB), but I can use my computer in the cab. Agreed. You can't do this without buy in from the people, you can't just bolt transit onto sprawl and expect it to magically work. Exactly. What libertarians want sounds very similar to a feudal society where the landed gentry are able to live comfortable lives on their perpetual (across generations) investments while the have nots (and there have to be many of these...) become virtual serfs just to survive. A dynamic economy where you can't just sit on wealth is necessary to promote technological innovation as well as economic mobility. If you look at history, we didn't really start moving forward very quickly until we got that (around the renaissance time frame). A bigger reason is that migrant workers can now find more opportunities closer to home. Why bother moving to a coastal city when you get a decent job in a city near your village? Perhaps building more factories inland is part of the 5 year plan, but I see it as an inevitable progression in China's development. Its a bit more of both I think. The SMEs* on the coast are moving production inland to take advantage of human and natural resources. They haven't gone into villages yet, but definitely into cities like Chongqing, Wuhan, Lanzhou, Urumuqi, the supply chains follow (which are also SMEs). The big blocker to this movement so far have been coastal export zones, where import tariffs on supplies are waved as long as the production must be exported, which is why we in China pay so much for things "made in China." But as China produces more for its own domestic economy, that becomes much less relevant. * Small and medium scale enterprises, usually private, compared to the massive SOEs (state-owned enterprises) and JVs (joint ventures). I'm not sure, like-kinds of small business always cluster together to solve logistic problem. The side effect here is that its a race to the bottom since all of these guys are doing pretty much the same thing. Its not sustainable even on the coast, I think. This surprises me, why people expect that they not have TVs in the countryside? Even the most remote village has some kind of power (water wheels are common, wind and solar also), then the TV, the DVD player, the karaoke machine are minimums (but cellphone is always first). The only pic without a TV...people who live on a boat, and what looks like a rich antique dealer. The kid in this case needed help. Maybe he'll turn out as a bad adult, but its not too late for this behavior to be corrected so he can lead a normal life. Now, if you think the best way to do that is through the legal system, I'm not sure, especially if the legal system is more interested in punishing vs. reforming. The author did the right thing, I think. There are definitely scams that certain ethnic groups are involved in (Indian tailor scams? Chinese tea/art scams?), but this has more to do with skill diffusion more than ethnicity; people willing to scam learn it from someone close to them, and it seems 419 scams have achieved critical mass in Nigeria so the diffusion is pretty broad now (couple with an economic situation that makes scamming somewhat desirable). I've met plenty of Nigerians who are not scammers. Stereotypes melt away quickly when you meet real people, but the survival filters remain in place. Yes, exactly! If the cars could drive themselves, they would probably be more like taxis without the drivers. We no longer need parking lots because the cars are constantly in use, that will free up a lot of space and mirror what already happens in dense urban areas (which depend on taxis, public transit, parking is very $$$). The cars will wear out in a couple of years from constant use (or maybe not if electric?), but we won't need as many of them. Rush hour commutes are a problem, but road capacity is limited anyways and peak pricing + mass transit + car pooling can lead to a workable solution. Eventually, since all cars are automated, safe highway speeds could be increased dramatically (reduce space between cars, more predictability, reroute and reduce speeds to prevent full stop bottlenecks). Accordingly, you won't even be able to enter the highway in manual mode. Responsive live programming (not just code reload), which is closer to what Bret Victor is doing here, goes back to various visual languages of the 80s and 90s. When I gave my talk on live programming in OOPSLA/Onward! 2007, one of the gang of four (of Design Patterns fame) criticized me on not mentioning smalltalk enough. You know, I think we are all aware of Smalltalk and its ability to reload code on the fly, or the "live" eToys demo Alan Kay was giving in the late 90s/early 00s (I saw it the first time at his ECOOP 2000 banquet speech). But there really is something special in Light Table (and other projects, including my own) that go beyond that; they are working on a practical tool for programmers, they are really focusing on an interactive UX, which to be clear, Smalltalk environments never really had. Yes, get your history and citation right to avoid being flamed. But no, it didn't end with Smalltalk (or Lisp, or whatever) and we are not just going back to that. You didn't mention any VPLs. I would throw in a few...ThingLab, AgentSheets, LabView, Prograph, Fabrik, and so on. These were the original live languages. We just need to design better IDEs and languages. Ya, large code bases suck but not that much. We can actually compile code pretty quickly, and we are only just beginning to study memoization techniques (which you are alluding to at the end of your post). Also, language is a very big deal: you can't really expect as much from the IDE on C++ as you can from C#. It can scale, we have plenty of smart people to make it scale. The important problem here is "scale what?" I think that is the genius of Bret Victor's innovations. You know, people sometimes say Visual C++ is interactive UX because of the freaking form builder. I guess my argument is more about a certain level of interactivity that is missing; its not black and white to be sure. Most debuggers are technically not omniscient because they don't trace history. IntelliTrace is better in this regard, but you can see projects like LightTable taking that to the next level. Light Table's layout and association between code and UI is much more direct than Smalltalk's; I would say its even better when you consider morphic. The way they've reified execution is also nicely done (seeing what objects exist as they are created). There is a lot of innovations here, and yes, they are probably building on 20 years of related work THAT GO WAY BEYOND SMALLTALK. If he goes into a smalltalk credit, why not Lisp machines? Why not VPLs? Why not every little research project that has attempted this in the past (including my own work)? And he is still correct: the vast majority of programmers haven't been influenced by this at all, we failed, and he is trying again hopefully with something that will work! If he was writing a technical paper, then he could discuss everything in a related work section; but it was a strangeloop talk + blog post, what kind of rigor are you expecting? I've mentioned in a peer post that his design is very well done; they are focusing on awareness and code topology issues that I think is long overdue. Now, do I know exactly what the differences are between smalltalk yet? No, not at all. But I've never seen smalltalk demos like this (the closest would be etoys, which was a not-very-comparable end-user programming experience). Again, its a blog post and a talk, I don't think we should expect rigor on previous/related work coverage at this point, that will come with time. What does "many" mean? 10? 20? Out of how many programmers who were active back then? 20 years ago most programmers were not using Smalltalk or lisp machines or whatever, even if those things existed they weren't used often, so the author is technically correct about the "state of the art" with the caveat that their were many attempts to go beyond this but nothing got any traction. Also, you are incorrect about 20 years ago. The first example of liveness and directness in programming was in...1962 with the Sutherland/Sketchpad demo. 50 years ago. Why would you call Self a visual language? It has an IDE, but the language is most definitely textual. Its only when you throw in Morphic does the line begin to blur, but you are back to text again if you want to write any code. Many languages we think of as visual are more structured or graphical (graphics baked around text); compare ToonTalk to Scratch! Most languages fall somewhere in a spectrum between heavily visual and heavily textual, but this is my own classification system and there is hardly much consensus on the topic. Liveness doesn't require visual, of course, but that's where liveness first shows up in history (SketchPad, along with directness). I go into some of the history in my own paper on the topic ( http://lamp.epfl.ch/~mcdirmid/mcdirmid07dead.pdf ). But that aspect of Self comes mostly from Morphic. Anyways, Self/Morphic were a huge inspiration on my own work. There are deeper distinctions between textual and visual; think a Van Goh painting vs. a book by Steven King. They say "a picture is worth a thousands words," but actually, the worths are not very comparable. Text is much better at expressing abstractions than visuals are, which is why most VPLs mixin some text (though their are pure VPLs like SketchPad and ToonTalk). I skimmed your thesis a few months ago; lots of good work there! But I think we are a bit out of whack on our world views (arts vs. PL), which is why we might not be talking on the same page. Thanks, I forgot about the DigitalLibrary link :p. If someone is just looking for related work, better to try http://lamp.epfl.ch/~mcdirmid/mcdirmid07dead.pdf (smaller download as it doesn't embed quicktime movies). Which one of these cities doesn't fit.....Spokane? Since most of my family lives there, I would love to hear about tech opportunities there compared to...Austin, San Diego, and Seattle. That doesn't really make for a tech scene, as much as I would love for that to be true. I couldn't go to Spokane and a get anywhere near a comparable job as I could in Seattle. Even Salt Lake City has a better tech scene. Spokane lacks a flagship university, unlike the other cities. Christopher Hancock's thesis is pretty good; flogo II plays around with this feature called "live text" where it embeds code exucution visualizations directly in the text of the code. I still haven't seen anyone pull that off again. To be more specific you have to use some crazy static analysis technology (global interprocedural analysis) that is intractable unless you sacrifice accuracy. Human have similar problems as compilers/tooling, though they are a bit better at understanding nuanced conventions to make better judgements about what dynamic code is doing. Use the tooling to sell the platform? It might be in Microsoft's interest to have some mindshare I this space; JavaScript is a significant part of the windows 8 story from what I can tell. Well, you'd be without feedback alot, state of the art in type recovery is nowhere near 99%. Your libraries can exploit the flexibiliy of a dynamic language (meta programming, crazy unions) and make the job much harder. Typescript seems very interesting in the way they handle type retrofits on libraries, but I haven't really absorbed it yet. Or the poster doesn't understand what open source really is, or their definition of open source is different from yours. Honestly, GPL screws up commercial use almost as much as a non commercial use restrictions. But I totally agree that open source are not the right words to use in this situation. Full disclosure, I work for Microsoft. Sure, I'm aware of this. My point was that GPL is almost as poisonous as a non commercial use restriction in terms of distributing software. GPL works great on the server where this isn't a concern, but doesn't work for almost any other commercial use case. Very arbitrary but at least very clear. Citation needed on how the open source software industry is so much larger (money wise) than the closed source software industry. I'm sure its much more of a mix, plus closed source software is more often sold, meaning more money is involved in say oracle DB vs. MySQL. Also, most of the OSS industry prefers apache/BSD style licenses that aren't viral. If RMS was true to his principles, he would make GPL more viral to cover every deployment and co-deployment. But they leave this huge server hole instead. That is what I mean by arbitrary. Why a hole there and not elsewhere? Really, are there any Oracle engineers on HN, even just lurking about? NVIDIA still owns the high-end scientific computing market. This combined with their ARM products could save it in the future. AMD...their only advantage has been X86 and that is just a dying market, kudos to the board at least for dumping the CEO who wanted to focus on the high end PC market. AMD still has really good GPU tech, enough to compete with NVIDIA on the high-end non-GPGPU market, but that is very niche. Cloud-based data centers are beginning to adopt ARMs for power consumption reasons. If that trend picks up along with everyone using cloud providers, then I think even the high-end PC server business could start dying. Incidentally, this is a market where NVIDIA could begin to really cream Intel, a lot of scientific computing has already moved over to CUDA/Tesla (granted, there is a huge difference between scientific and enterprise applications). I don't see the same thing happening to workstations, however, difficult to move that work into the cloud. Cool. It didn't really fit my (naive) stereotype of a hackernews reader, but then there are a lot of Oracle employees out there (including people like Guy Steele Jr). Factual correction: Fortress lost the DARPA competition to IBM, I think. So after the competition Sun funded it internally...maybe because it was GLS's project. Its about social equity and respect. I remember a story where a redneck in Appalachia made about as much money as a highly regarded doctor in Africa, but the redneck was definitely worse off: he had no respect from the community, his social contribution was very low, and very low self esteem, while the doctor got to eat with the president of their country, had connections abroad, and so on. The war against poverty isn't finished once survival needs are met, people want meaningful lives, to thrive in society also and not just survive. I very much admire Europe (or at least Switzerland) where the upper class treats the working class with a lot more respect. Everyone is important, you don't treat the guy at the fast food rudely, even if you have much more money than them. Everyone's life seems meaningful and people are happy. Now, compare this with China where I now live, where very little respect is given from the middle class to lower-working class that cleans their houses, makes their food, drives them around... Edit: I didn't mean to use redneck here as a pejorative, it just seemed to get the point across more quickly. Perhaps we are seeing different America's? As someone who started out lower middle class and is now upper, I really see a country that isn't that much better than china and is very class based. Now Europe...has many problems also (aristocrats abound), but the day to day etiquette that is expected goes a long way into promoting at least social equality, if not economic. Ya, computers were +30 years old when the PC revolution started up. It was still a big idea. Look at how many asian computer scientists there are in Seattle and the valley, or even NYC? This just baffles me, because Microsoft (my employer) is very diverse, I would bet that Asians make up a super minority if not a majority of the Redmond office. As for my own office in China, I think we have 1 or 2% Caucasian, maybe less. But to be honest, it doesn't feel that much different from the west coast. Better than the US, but not as much as you would think. Diversity hires in my office (in China for an American company) mean female, not even the various ethnic minorities that are a more than a bit underrepresented (I haven't met a Tibetan or Uighur programmer yet, but then we aren't out in West China). Its also $100 more expensive than an iPad 2 (or the same price if you assume 16 GB = $100). The resolution of the Surface is similar to the iPad 2 (if you care about that), but I'm not sure if the screen is somehow otherwise better (e.g., IPS?). Somewhere definitely north of 30%, 40% for high end devices. Keep in mind apple has its own retail distribution, so there is no middle cut (they offer very little to resellers like best buy). Apple has room to cut prices if they want, I don't think anyone else does though. I like Win 8, I work for Microsoft, but we will have to wait until its released to see how the market accepts it (and pass judgement). So saying either way is a bit early so far, its definitely a risky bet. Yes, we programmers should learn how to sketch! Not to produce beautiful art but to communicate ideas visually. I really regret not developing this skill, as I find myself blocked when trying to draw something on a whiteboard. My girlfriend (an interaction designer/visual communications graduate) really kicks my butt here, but then there is pressure in her field for her to learn programming :) Writing (and perhaps presentation) is another skill we should develop. Writing is not just about communication, but it also aids in idea refinement. On the other hand, even though I'm all for zen and all, I think spirtual skills are deeply personal and not necessary. Social skills are also very relative, and if you struggle with these your career as a programmer is not over! Same for biz skills, no one has to be a jack of all trades, but you'll probably absorb these skills at your own pace as you advance in your career. Relying on some kind of placebo or customs to enrich our lives is perhaps not very crazy. If we take everything at face value, the universe is vast in time and space and so our lives are very insignificant or meaningful; its hard to justify doing anything at all in that case. Just replace spirituality with custom, culture, emotion, and its not so anti-intellectual. Most of us program because we want to, not because we lost some contest and would rather be doctors, lawyers, business leaders. Its both actually. Take the riots from the 60s and 70s, and the blight of the 80s (when I was there!), white flight led to a huge implosion of property taxes. They tried to make that up in business taxes, which then forced out the businesses, and the death spiral continues! Cities are pretty fragile places, one disruption can set off a chain reaction and...bam! It will take some revolutionary thinking to save Detroit. You are completely wrong that "those places" will turn out like Detroit. Their ecosystems are very healthy, NYC went from bankrupt in the 70s, via some good public policy and not just wall street, back to the premiere world city that it was. The only at risk city on the list is Philly, but it seems to be doing pretty well recently. These are healthy ecosystems, even with taxes (or you could say, using taxes to pay the police to enforce laws is a good thing). There is no great migration of people to red cities (cities in red states with low taxes), and even those red cities are quite blue (Atlanta in Georgia, Houston in Texas). Cities are just against libertarian principles, dense societies need to pull resources together to survive and thrive. All politics is local, but Atlanta democrats aren't blue dogs. Their constituency is very urban, which means they will be more liberal than say a democrat who represents farmland in North Dakota. Yep. Cities act to attract and redistribute capital, this has been true probably for the last 6 or 7000 years (Babylon, Athens). Argument subverted. "PCs are no longer a growing market, and the PC market will begin to shrink" != "PCs are dead." Ya, home PCs are not being replaced as much anymore because we are using our iPads more on the couch or in bed, so maybe I can replace that laptop every 4 years instead of every 2, and when was the last time anyone turned on that desktop. And at work...they seem to be replacing PCs left often also, so the PC market is definitely going through some big "adjustments." I'm completely computer literate and use my iPad exclusively when at home; I have stacks of laptops that don't get any use anymore. Its just more convenient to use for what I do at home, I will not be replacing my home PCs for a very very long time. And...kids today will grow up using mostly iPads and facebook, they won't experience the joys of a BASIC command prompt like we did. Given the proliferation of canned content, they are unlikely to get their hands really dirty with flexible/configurable computing until they reach college! Are you apart of the wumao? If the US blocked AlJazeera, their would be holy hell to pay in the press. It would be a huge story and their would be huge consequences. We really value free speech that much. We might not care to read it, but if it is blocked, that would go against our principles. I always read the Chinadaily (or globaltimes, the two big English newspapers in China) in a contrarian way. If Chinadaily denies something, then it must be true; e.g., when they denied that Beijing was going to start rationing car plates, I knew it was going to be happen (and indeed it did). That's just how things work here, why would the government work to refute a rumor that wasn't true? NYT checked their sources and they are known for being factual (and when that is proven not the case, their is holy hell to pay and lots of people get fired). This story is probably true, all of the Chinese officials do this, no one is not corrupt; if their was someone who tried not to do this, they would be kicked out of the party on the principle that it would make everyone else look "bad" rather than "normal." Its hard to make generalizations about 1.2 billion people from 3 or 4 data points. It is even harder if these are educated middle class Chinese in a first-tier city like Beijing or Shanghai. I'm sure this topic was shutdown on Weibo already, and you would have to be in a special circle to understand any code used to talk about the subject. It is not deemed illegal in China, there is no transparent policy to blocking sites. If you call a Chinese ISP and ask them why Facebook isn't working, they'll tell you it must be Facebook's fault. This comment borders on trollish. I have experienced crowded Apple stores myself in my own city (Beijing), two hour waits for repairs suck. That Apple stores have been very successful is hardly a secret or controversial. I can't really compare to Microsoft stores, since we don't have any here. Disclaimer: I'm a Microsoft employee, hardly an Apple fanboy. 10k/month contracting isn't that much if you aren't taking into account taxes, insurance, being on the beach, etc...you'd have to pull in around 20k/month to match a 120k salary. Don't you mean the other way around???? I mean, the UK aint a cheap place to live! My boot on my HP EliteBook (HD, no SSD) got much slower under Windows 8 RTM (~1 minute), but this was the IT version of Win8, which I guess has lots of crud so my boot is not going to be as fast as consumer (had the same problem with Win7). The desktop/laptop market is already pretty stagnant. It won't disappear, but no one is really expecting any growth, and many are expecting contractions as it becomes more niche. Its all about trends, not datapoints. To become IBM 2.0, Microsoft would have to kill its R&D budget, outsource everything to India, and focus on short term gains. Really, Microsoft is really far away from that, you could say they are even more forward thinking than Apple with one of the last industrial research labs in place (IBM and its consultants has basically killed IBM Research). Disclosure: Microsoft employee. Or Microsoft could do a reset like Apple did in the late 90s. That would still involve closing the lab, firing many workers, and focusing purely on a narrow set of products that it can make lots of money on. The market is at saturation, but there is an ongoing upgrade/replacement market to consider. If PCs are upgraded every 6 years instead of 2 years, your market is effectively 1/3rd as big. 6 years in consumer is not very strange, especially if their PC is collecting dust while they do everything on their iPad. In Enterprise, I'm not really sure for office workers, but definitely the workstation market, however big that is, replacements should continue to be very healthy. Yes! But Microsoft still has to evolve beyond the PC market, which they can totally do (and are doing). They won't have a choice, actually. Emerging economies like China will eat this up to solve their traffic congestion problems in big cities, and are totalitarian enough to mandate it. Once it becomes a huge economic advantage, the other economies will have to follow just to keep up. Governments are lazy, they will want to push more traffic into their road systems at less cost because you hate traffic and taxes! Hybrid solutions are also possible: there will be certain roads (controlled access interstates) where driverless is mandatory while certain streets where driver intervention is required. You still get most of the traffic optimization benefits if the driverless roads are congestion bottlenecks. However, the real benefit doesn't come until we have driverless cities, where people don't need to own cars and a roaming fleet of autonomous vehicles serve as pervasive taxis. You could even get rid of parking lots! The system can easily trace what cars are bad actors and adapt accordingly (shut down traffic in a region with a bad actor until police arrive). You are missing the obvious: the cars could just as easily go electric and the severe reduction of moving components will already increase their service life dramatically (sans battery replacements depending on how battery technology evolves). 1. Optimized traffic flow that driverless gives you would be able to pack more vehicles on the road. 2. If we are treating all cars are like a fleet of autonomous taxis, it doesn't seem really crazy that you could also optimize carpooling where the car picks up other passengers to optimize the trip with respect to where you and they are going. I find it still messes up my rhythm a bit; the distraction might be slowing my typing speed down during a burst. Is there an HCI principle going on in this feature or is it just eye candy? It doesn't seem that this is the case this, its even obscured as an optional update. See the linked article for more information. As if geeks are so interchangeable like sprockets! I'm an expert in my field, I have a PhD in it, if someone asked me to do machine learning or data mining or image processing, it would be a huge ramp up time for me, say about 2 or 3 years to get to the point of expertise I have in my current field. It would be a boring 2-3 years, and something that I'm probably not very interested in. If there are other jobs out there that make use of my expertise and interest, why bother with something else? Good news is fluffy candy that is tasty but not very useful. Bad news is harder to eat but is much more useful for survival reasons. Bad-experience outliers at Google are then more interesting than average or good outliers. Having a pointless conversation about the joys and successes of Google really doesn't allow me to "know" anything, which is the point of coming here. Speaking as another compiler guy (ok, more into PL), there is a reason many of the top engineers at Google are PL/compiler guys (e.g., Jeff Dean, Sanjay Ghemawat)...think of MapReduce. However, we are also sort of dangerous as we see many problems as PL problems, and if the problems require specialized domain expertise beyond grunt programming, we really aren't that effective (e.g., machine learning) without being paired with those domain experts. I didn't see a list of DPI aware applications at the link you gave me, is that a typo? Not completely true. The metro app developer will still have to include pixel art at varying resolutions since these do not scale automatically very well. Well, if you try to view the site on a brand new SurfaceRT using Metro IE...could be some problems. For anyone that knows anything about the current system, its almost obvious. Education in the states is much more of a wreck now than it was BB (Before Bush). The only thing kids have improved at now is....taking standardized tests. Took the pre-asvab in high school back in the 90s, got a perfect score. The recruiters called a lot. Took the full ASVAB at a recruiting station, still got a very high score. Too easy, how can that be a real test? My ACT/SAT scores were good but not perfect. If you have kids, do you really want them to be educated in fill-in-the-bubble hell? Because that is how school is these days, teachers don't teach, they do test prep and then administer those tests, and the testing companies have gotten rich in basically a corrupt cycle. Read the linked article for crying out loud. Also, NCLB passed with bipartisan support at the beginning of Bush's term, it wasn't his fault, but it was symptomatic of the simplistic shallow thinking that he would use the rest of his term. States are finally able to opt out, thank god, and you can bet I will make sure my kids are educated in one of those states. I want to know what applications are already DPI-aware and could run on say...a Retina MacBook Pro running bootcamp and Windows 8. As far as I can tell, there are no such apps yet, even Microsoft's own Office. But I would be happy to be corrected! You have a lot of choices, basically look for anyone with big iron requirements (big data systems/infrastructure). Microsoft, Google, Facebook love PL people. Many startups would be happy to have you also. Why are standardized test scores a good metric? A more accurate metric might be standardized testing company profits...mission accomplished! The US educational system is evaluated against other countries, and we've only gotten worse in our rankings despite paying those testing companies all that money. Does Finland have standardized tests? No, they kick our butt simply by treating teachers as professionals and paying the, accordingly. Ya, when it's kids at stake, I get emotional, and the hellish system in place has to go. In science, no metric is better than a bad misleading metric, definitely. One place to update apps on a system would be nice. I know windows as lots of legacy, but how many apps are optional system updates on windows rt? Depends what it is. I'm actually trying to get into machine learning, but I'm not into databases or knowledge representation even though there is some cross over on my field. My point is that I wouldn't appreciate just being thrown into a new field without any say. I might transition to a new field over time as my interests evolve, or as part of some negotiation where there is a crisis need. But no, I'm not an interchangeable part. Because programming languages is so tedious to write. Actually, what you are referring to is PLT, which is a bit different from PL implementation and/or design. Implementation is usually associated with compiler, although these days it could be garbage collection, palatalization optimizations, or something else. PL design are the people who design programming languages, like say Hinkley, Mats, Pike, ...and tons of lesser known people. No, don't destroy a generation of children with bad science. 1920 x 1200 is nowhere near 2x resolution. Its more like 1.2 or 1.3. Russia went from oligarchs to...corrupt officials and their families taking over industries. They have basically moved toward the China model. The best we can hope for in China is something like a Singaporean police state, where the officials are autocratic and a bit unfair but, at least, incredibly honest. I got this from the ToFu blog link in the article: reporter: 你幸福吗？ (ni xingfu ma? or "are you happy?") migrant worker: 不，我姓曾。 (bu, wo xing zeng. or "my name is zeng"). It plays on a pun of two words that are pronounced "xing," with different tones. The idea is that the migrant worker might have purposely misunderstood the question to avoid answering it with a negative that would have made someone angry. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/answer-sheet/post/why-fa... You can pry the retina screen from my cold dead hands. I've been using an iPad 2 for the last week as I'm preparing to give it away on my trip. My god, the pixels cause my eyes to bleed! I never noticed before I had the iPad 3, but somehow it just causes your resolution expectations to increase drastically. Vector art doesn't scale very well. Most icons are designed in Illustrator (as vector art) and then touched up in Photoshop for each scaling used (as pixel art), mainly because the real time rendering of vector art just isn't at professional quality yet. So the only solution, which has been adopted by iOS and Metro (and probably Android) is to include multiple icons for each DPI class. Problem solved in Metro. But now desktop needs the same love. There is that, and there is also the quality of how aliasing is handled by real time vector art renderers. We just aren't their yet to be relying on vector art for icons (even though they start out that way in Illustrator). We language designers must increasingly consider the entire programming experience: the libraries, the editor, the debugger, even the more social aspects of the community. The language itself is a tool, and throwing all your effort into syntax and semantics without regards for how the editor or debugger will work is ridiculous. And in fact, I'm a strong believer in the holistic approach where the IDE is actually a part of the language (very smalltalky). The study you are referring to is known as "the prisoner's dilemma." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisoners_dilemma Whoa. That is a crazy assertion. First, not many languages have been designed with the IDE as a concern, and second, all the industrial PL design teams that I know of definitely work closely with their IDE team to ensure harmony between tooling and language. I'm a bit more radical, all of my recent languages have been heavily tied to the IDE, to the point that there is know real boundary between the implementation of the compiler and IDE. Light Table goes way beyond "edit and continue," which is small potatoes left over from Smalltalk (and early systems that support hot code swapping). Light Table supports much more feedback (we call it live programming), the code is actually re-evaluated when changed; edit and continue only holds for future, not previous execution, which is why it breaks so easily. The PL designer can always customize an editor off the shelf (e.g., Eclipse), and this is what happens mostly. However, I find myself implementing an editor now simply because the idea I want to show off requires many features current editors don't support, like projecting code onto program execution rather than have separate windows for code and inspecting run-time state. There was some drama about China possibly obtaining US stealth technology during Yugoslavia. There is an even more crazy conspiracy theory going on that this is why we bombed their embassy. Working on both might require trade offs in the language that lead to a better holistic programmer experience. That sounds reasonable to me. Debugging is one of the problems with FRP/signals, or functional code in general. No one has come up with a good dataflow debugger yet, and it might not even be viable. The best you can do is interpose "probes" on your code like you would take measurements with an oscilloscope. Disclosure: I did my dissertation on signals (object-oriented ones to be precise), and am a bit disillusioned with it. On the other hand, the argument from the declarative community is that you don't need to debug your code. A better alternative to FRP/signals might be immediate mode user interfaces. Since they are conceptually called on every frame, you get the benefits of FRP while still being able to debug in the old way. On the other hand, they are quite inefficient, though I think we could play some tricks with technology to make them better (memoize, refresh blocks of computations only as needed via dependency tracing). Not really cheap SIMs, nor can you usually pay 10 bucks a month pre pay for your voice/data needs. I live in China, and prepay is great. I still pay full price for my phones, but I come out ahead in the end. They have incredibly great logistics, they have made lots of forward looking investments. It is difficult for competitors to produce similar devices at similar costs to Apple, and their margins are much crappier when they do. But they should catch up, as long as Apple stops improving logistics and making forward looking investments (or the competitors do). I'm sorry, but does Fox News actually have many journalists? From what I've seen, they mostly run pundits, so the statement is still technically true. I hop in a taxi cab and practice Chinese with the driver. Sometimes traffic is so bad in Beijing that I'm looking at an hour to commute 20km. I don't bother with the subway, which is cheaper and faster, but the time is entirely dead, it's too crammed to use my computer. Try roller blading to work. Same principle, it's quite exciting so you don't get bored. You also move a bit slower than a bike so traffic becomes less important. Inflation + population growth will result in increases unless you make a conscious decision to cut. So if you leave something alone in the budget, you'd expect it to increase naturally over time. Even if there was no internet boom, and the budget continued to rise, tax receipts would still go up b/c the economy must grow to accommodate all those kids entering the workforce each year. If you hold the line on spending increases, not eliminate the increases but put them below the rate of growth, you'll have a surplus. Cause and effect are difficult to figure out, though we have the benefit of lots of hindsight. When you get into a problem so crazy and horrible, you sometimes have to experiment a bit to figure out how to fix things (aka "doing something"), and some of these experiments will invariably go backwards. Hoover's problem was probably he underestimated and misidentified the causes of the crash. Roosevelt experimented a lot also, and had just as many failures as successes, but he was like General Grant during the Civil War who wasn't afraid to loose troops in order to win. I'm waiting for some of those rich Googlers or Facebookers to get into politics with a platform based on an incredibly objective data-driven policy agenda. Bring on the technocrats! Truth. The 黄牛 (yellow cows) will distort iPad sales in the states for a couple more weeks as they seek to satisfy mainland China gray market demand. It will level off around Thanks Giving I hope (I want to buy one myself to take back to China, for personal use!). Intel hasn't been doing to hot lately; wall street is definitely betting against them now, and I think they are taking a long term outlook because Intel still has good profits. What makes you think Intel will eventually stop the slide and get its mojo back? If File.rm("something") is undoable, then its not a problem right? We are talking about developer tools anyways, its not inconceivable that a mock environment would be setup for the program with undoable side effects or what not. However, this would require serious programming model changes, which are probably not in the scope of Light Table. He was down by 200k a few minutes ago, now he's only down by 110k. California has about 20 million more votes to count, if Obama takes them 55/45, should be good enough to take the popular vote. Sorry I wasn't clear, but the ability to "undo" an operation definitely requires a programming model change. The sandbox is only one part of that. Rolling your own magic sandbox isn't going to help much without more buy in from the environment (though, I'm sure most of us test in sandboxes anyways). I believe Somalia has the libertarian taxation policy that you are looking for. Be sure to pack some extra guns though. If the Apple store just breaks beyond even for Apple, why would it be more than that for Microsoft? Both are city states, they are hardly countries and much of their success is by proximity to countries where taxes aren't low (PRC, Malaysia). Also, neither HK or Singapore are very cheap. You don't pay taxes, you just pay more. A car in Singapore, for example, is around $100K every 5 or 6 years. I'm very tired of Americans complaining about taxes when they have one of the lowest tax burdens in the world along with the lowest cost of living based on value. Or you know...many of the middle class Chinese that work in the offices that already speak English. Honestly, when I've walked into a Chinese office I've never had the "noone speaks English" problem, while the big boss who doesn't speak English would prefer to have one of the younger guy/gals around anyways as a sign of status. The same thing that happens when we visit websites with Facebook embedded. It just fails. Ya, its the party congress hopefully. We'll have to wait until next month for things to get back to normal, and see what the situation is at then. I'm not sure who the moderates are, and whether they even have any control in this; I've heard the dinosaurs that control censorship are fairly embedded and hidden from even the top brass. Its definitely the government, but not officially. Officially there are various technical problems...that are never the ISPs fault. If you get on the phone with them and ask why Facebook is not working, they'll actually say "it must be facebook's problem!". The censorship is not official and all shady, and so going through the WTO doesn't really help. The government is corrupt enough that they might as well could trigger a revolution themselves someday. Interference from us would hardly matter. Google Docs is always blocked, along with YouTube. Google search engine is sometimes blocked, gmail is rarely blocked as that would cause too much disharmony, but something has changed...these congresses are a pain in the ass anyways, I'm glad I'm out of country this month. Each ISP has their own implementation of the golden shield, so different regions will block different things. The system is entirely opaque to us, I wouldn't be surprised if blocks were determined at the decentralized local level rather than by the central government. Beijing ISPs blocking more during this "sensitive time" would be consistent with that thought. Anyone starting a revolution now would technically be labelled as a counter-revolutionary (this is the terminology they use at least). They don't care about their international image. Wondering in the press on why "the world doesn't trust China" is a complete red herring, they really don't care and think they are in a strong enough position not to care. Everything went downhill after the 2008 Olympics, I mean, Twitter, Facebook, everything was open before that. Now? Its getting worse and worse every month. The bizarre thing is that its a much freerer society than even the states in some ways. The police don't really bother you unless the situation becomes "visible," lots of sketchy things happen out in the open. You don't have to wear a helmet when cycling, etc... There are other ways to drive the economy beyond essentials rather than through just consuming. Infrastructure is one, wars are another. But really, we could focus our resources on getting to the moon, getting to mars, and just lots of crazy R&D that would pay off greatly in the future. We could also spend more time in cultural endeavors, supporting more artists, writers, musicians, movies, and so on. Buying a cheap shirt from Zara hardly does much more than buy someone's lunch in a Chinese factory. I've heard of some "situations" involving raves and outdoor parties where weed was involved, but in each case the foreigners get a free pass while the Chinese get to spend all night in a police station getting drug tests. Anyways, we will never be Chinese and won't see the real China. Or you offer the cop a cigarette? Anti smoking laws are poorly enforeced in Beijing. Agreed. But we could consume better. Like buying tickets to the moon for a holiday. Actually, it was the cold war that led to all the cutting edge research. Call it consumption by governments to protect themselves from the bad soviets; crap redirected. Having a bogeyman to focus our attention from consumerism to nationalism was very useful in this regard (and is all to easily abused, of course). China should be today's bogeyman to get us to invest more in education. The cookie monster as a capitalistic symbol of consumption, I love it! I'm pretty sure this is not what the late Jim Henson had in mind, though. Cold canned coffee is my new addiction, but I've been to Japan one too many times. Red Bull tastes like some bland pop to me, but they've really heightened their appeal by being the premier drink mixer (which ironically, used to be coke!). No, it means that if you are going to police the morals of the industry, you have a lot of work to do. Indoctrination happens in public school in China, and you can't do much about it. There is no such thing as a private school for locals (officially at least, there are some underground schools for migrant worker kids), though there are international expat schools that are super expensive. Most public school have tuition and competitive admission anyways. These aren't regular police men, they are the police guys who are in plain clothes and drive black Audis. Quite a bit different from the regular traffic cop. This sounds very trollish. When pico projectors are smaller and provide more of a mass consumer experience, Apple might decide to use them. This is a rustic early adopter device in the sense that the pre-iPhone smartphones were. Exactly. A very niche early adopter device. There will be a market for this device, but its not big enough to interest Apple. As the technology gets more advanced/cheaper/smaller that could definitely change, but right now its early. Apple makes tons of money on the MBP, even if this business is dwarfed by the iOS devices they sell. Who cares? Apple will release what makes them tons of money; that is just how they work. If they can fit it into a good product, they won't care what Apple fan boys or Apple haters said in the past, its completely irrelevant to them. Everyone is guilty of something is pretty much how China works, they even have contradicting laws on the book to ensure this. A related interesting effect with respect to corruption: any official is corrupt, and can be brought down at anytime because of that. Squeaky clean officials are not trusted because the "nuclear option" won't work on them, so they aren't promoted, leading to a downward spiral in quality. A reasonable fair legal system is very important, I feel like we take it for granted in the west that things could be much worse. Well, there is always what happened in Bhutan, which went from an absolute monarchy to constitutional monarchy by the King's own initiative (who abdicated after the transition) without any demand for it from the (Bhutanese) people. Small country though, maybe isn't a good example (they also have lots of ethnic problems with Nepalese that cause disharmony). Contracts are covered under civil law, not criminal. No no no. They can put things in the contract, but just because you sign it doesn't mean the clauses are enforceable, many of them are illegal/unenforceable. If it comes to judge (which it almost never does for consumers), you have lots of rights and the judge is fair/unbiased and not in the pocket of your adversary. Disclaimer IANAL. In China, if someone wants you out of your apartment, they can have you out almost overnight. Can you imagine how stressful a midnight move is? I thought the popular charge in this regard is "resisting arrest." Sorry, ya, the tower used to be less niche than it is, the world has moved on mostly to laptops and the desktop market is stagnant. Even Apple sees no future there. The iPod V1 was a great product back then, unless you are reinforcing Cowboy Neal's position that it was lame compared to a Nomad? Also, Apple spends very little money on marketing, and that was especially true back then. Apple's recipe for success has been to package the right technology at the right time into a package that is very well designed. Those who attribute their success to fanboyism or marketing are just deluding themselves with bias. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resisting_arrest The courts in the United States of America regard resisting arrest as a separate charge or crime in addition to other alleged crimes committed by the arrested person. It is possible (and has happened) to be charged, tried and convicted on this charge alone. From what I understand, Surface RT has been completely sold out for a week or two now at all the Microsoft stores. Not sure what that means though... IE 3 and 4 were very well received in their own time. Its only IE 6 that overstayed its welcome. The tech community in Redmond/Bellevue is limited, but in Seattle overall its actually quite rich; and the young kids can commute east on a connector right? When you have state...I mean real state, it sure is nice to encapsulate that state in an object rather than in what is basically an unencapsulated monad. OO supports state encapsulation, pure FP basically does not, that is a big deal. Immutable programming sort of side steps the issue, that state is needed at all, that an interactive program can somehow be stateless is ridiculous, even many batch programs require some form of state (even if it is unencapsulated in a monad). Your 60-line function decomposed into nice small parts using beautiful composable abstractions is an FP pipe dream. Yes, if the problem is well understood, someone has thought about it for a long time and has come up with some beautiful abstraction that works for a narrow set of related problems. Now, as soon as you venture outside of a well-understood/nice abstraction domain, your code is just as bad in FP, if you can figure out how to implement at all. The nice thing about a language like Haskell, then, is that you have to be really smart to use it, reducing the market for low end programmers. Actually, many companies put Haskell (or even Scala) down as a requirement just to filter out the low end programmers, they have no strong intention of actually using those languages. OO is accessible because it is much more naturalistic than FP, being based on natural metaphors (objects) and natural language concepts (subject verb) that make many computer scientists cringe (was it Dijkstra who was against anthropomorphic metaphors?). FP is much more based on math and logic, conveying certain benefits but requiring a change from the way we are normally wired; I've been in a room full of the best of the FP guys before and I could have sworn I was on a different planet. FP is a reliable tool in moderation. But when I'm designing a text editor, object thinking is definitely preferable. Agreed, OOP tools are the worst, except when compared to FP tooling. PL tooling just sucks in general. Asking for Haskell is actually good for weeding out most American programmers, but whatever. The point is that you'll get a better programmer if they know lots of programming language paradigms. But I wouldn't for the life of me take on as an employee someone who knows Haskell but not an OOPL (like C#, Java, or at least C++), that would indicate severe ideological bias on their part. I'm using naturalistic here as a real term related to natural language and humanistic fuzzy thinking that we seem to be born with as opposed to the logical mathematical thinking that we must learn at school. The idea that we think (or at least most of us) in terms of objects rather than formulas biases us towards object thinking when designing systems. Its sort of preverse, but I agree with you: its easier to teach FP to people with no programming experience, since you can focus on simple stateless computations. Without objects, you can't even broach the harder topics that teachers carelessly throw into 101 courses. But even if you are using the SICP, you'll see object thinking introduced in Chapter 3. But now we seem to be arguing about languages, of course you can have objects in an FPL and you can have lambdas on an OOPL. The best programmers will be able to apply both of course when applicable, and won't be ideologically biased. The not so great programmers are probably better off with OOP since that's what they'll need for their jobs, though a dose of FP can help them become better programmers. I'm not sure I understand, do you mean, that someone only knows an FPL and not an OOPL means they are more well rounded than someone who has experience with both. And I didn't even mean they have to do most of their programming in an OOPL. For what I do, I cannot afford to work with a PhD student who does not know more than one programming paradigm! I definitely meant to say something, I think the platitude remark is uncalled for. People don't talk in terms of transformations, they talk in terms of instructions, recipes, responsibilities, parts and pieces, and lots of encapsulated processes. Again, check out chapter 3 of the SCIP, which you already probably know about if you are teaching programming from an FP perspective. The problem with monads is that they DO leak into the type system. What effect the object has must be exposed for type checking reasons, and it can't be encapsulated, hidden, changed transparently, and so on. Try iterative algorithms, UI programming with views and models, an interactive code editor, etc...you get trapped quickly by the type system. The point is, you often want to be oblivious about what that object is doing and when it is doing it. > Unless you are doing programming language research, yes you can. Yes, I do, but no, its still a problem. With my colleagues, they are even more strict about OOP experience. I'm sort of unusual in that I appreciate FP experience, or I actually demand it, as part of finding well rounded candidates (very difficult in China, to be sure). You don't "transform" the egg chemically from an unbeaten to a beaten state. Instead, you beat it, and that well-known transformation happens as a side effect. Also, after you've beaten the egg, you don't have an unbeaten egg to reuse elsewhere in another operation. Finally, someone has to beat the egg, either yourself or your assistant, or a machine designed specifically for beating eggs. In this way, FP does not map to the way normal people think. Ah, they just didn't design their UI libraries right? I hate this argument, because its easily proven true (someone just has to design a "right" library) and impossible to prove false (the "right" library could exist, it just hasn't been built yet). The problem with Haskell, which isn't a problem in an impure FP like Clojure, is that you can't define objects at all (in the sense that objects completely encapsulate state). Yes, you can do a lot of nice combinator tricks, but these only work well for well understood problems, and so FP practitioners spend most of their time trying to understand problems very well so that they are amenable to their elegant abstractions. Whereas if I just use an OOP language (or a pragmatic FP language), I just solve the problem in a hacky way without needing to completely understand its essence (which, for me at least, only comes after I've solved the problem N times in N different ways!). Closed classes suck, but not all OOP languages restrict you to closed classes. Scala does very well here, and traits are wonderfully expressive. Let me reply your one liner with my own: nice elegant composable abstractions are great when they work, and very horrible when they don't. I don't understand what the controversy is about. Who better to work on anti-virus software than an former virus writer? They know the enemy, so to speak. I once had a heated argument with Rob Pike over lunch about Java when I was a naive grad student; suffice it to say that I thoroughly got my butt whooped on inheritance. My argument was, I think, that inheritance basically is composition, just with some self recursion thrown in. Keep in mind that programming is always about composition, and we are just arguing about different styles of such. OOP has recently been thrashed in the mud in the academic community, where it was never completely accepted. Now, industry always loved OOP, not because it was new, but it provided some stronger guidance on what they were already doing (composing software out of stateful parts), and was much more pragmatic than its older more aloof sibling (FP). People were already thinking in terms of objects probably even without using Simula, Beta, Smalltalk, C++, etc...vtables were even already being crafted like crazy in C. I agree that object thinking is just another tool in your bag, sometimes you really need lambdas and should use those. Sometimes you want raw tables. Any program worth its salt is going to incorporate many different styles, and avoiding one style on ideological grounds is ridiculous. Not only that. Rob Pike is one the original Unix guys, he is also the principal of Plan9/Inferno, and its own language Alef/Limbo. But appeals to authority are very shallow arguments. He should still be able to out debate someone who doesn't know who he is. I don't think the component revolution has happened. We got frameworks to be sure, we even got...gasp...libraries with our languages. Maybe for that reason, OO languages (Java/Python/Smalltalk) were more likely to come without their batteries included. I'm guessing inheritance helped out a bit with that. But I don't think objects are really especially about third-party reuse or even any reuse at all, but they are more about enabling easy problem decomposition (i.e. break up your problem into a bunch of interacting objects). This is how they do it in Thailand, at least. Basically, imagine the sprayer in your kitchen sink attached to your toilet. In areas without (edit: running) water, they'll have a bucket of clean water nearby with some sort of cup to use. I've heard this is pretty common in SE Asia. Heated toilet seats are essential in Japan where many houses lack very good indoor heating. The best for me was heated train seats, but we've ventured away from toilets. Totally serious. You picked beating, which is THE classic side effect operation, and you had no idea what was going on? If so, just refresh your memory on what beating the egg actually does (spoiler: people don't beat eggs because they are angry at them): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mixture Your argument doesn't become strong just because you accuse me of logical fallacies, and actually, that's all you are really doing here. Good day. People in SE Asia don't eat with their hands, you must be thinking about Central/South Asia. Spray cleaning really isn't that bad, you should be washing your hands after anyways. Really? I never saw anyone eating with their hands in SE Asia, well, anything but street food. Its hard to eat a rice or noodle dish with your hands, especially without bread! Genuinely curious. Dynamic inheritance is not unthinkable, I've used it in my languages before (or see research languages like Cecil). Of course, you can do this easily in dynamic languages like ruby. I know people eat with their hands in south/central Asia (including Burma), as well as in Muslim areas (Malaysia/Indonesia), I just never saw that in Tai areas of SE Asia. Well, you learn something everyday I guess. For me, they didn't even want the legal certified transcripts, just a copy of my actual ceremonial PhD paper that you post in your office! Quite crazy, I could have bought something to pass in for a 100 kuai if I didn't happen to have it with me. I realized that the more famous the professor and the more famous the school, the less effective they were at actually teaching. Now there are definitely some gems, but in general, teaching ability is highly detached from research capability. Now, all of these famous schools have dedicated lecturers that run the high-volume entry level courses; they are professional teachers and really focus their efforts on running classes. I can imagine future online courses being developed in a similar manner. Or you accidentally leave your iphone in the cab :( Shanghai is special in china, it's closer to a modern city than anywhere else. iPhone's dominate the high end in Beijing also. We can tell the shanzhai phones from the real ones. I concur with parent, iPhones are ubiquitous in Beijing. Keep in mind that most people there are middle class/rich. You have to travel outside the core...maybe 5th ring road before you get to poorer sections. But ya, the migrant worker on the street probably has a xiaomi, if that. I believe china passed the urbanization halfway point this year, so more people live in cities than in the countryside, and the trend is pointing up. You'll see lots of iPhones in second tier cities, kunming, chengdu, Changsha....not to mention anywhere in jiangsu/zhejiang. Only in the third tier cities or countryside do iPhones become rare. Yikes! The expression problem is a small deal and has been solved many different ways (I wrote a paper on this in 2001, I debated this point with Wadler in 2002, this is so old news). My favorite way today is to use traits and type members in Scala, but any language that supports open classes would be even more elegant. Also, its a non-issue in dynamically typed languages. We are only arguing pedantically about what OOP "means," and everyone has their own definition. Useless. My own definition associates OOP with object thinking, the deconstruction of your problem into interacting objects, and then the use of plumbing in your language that help you realize this deconstruction in a solution. What that plumbing is can vary greatly and involves some combination of methods, messaging, classes, interfaces traits, prototypes, constraints, behaviors, reactions, reflexes, patterns (beta style), state encapsulation, etc... I like the idea of MOP, its like focusing on one aspect of the plumbing and fixating around it; I could never write a program using messages alone in my domain (like I couldn't really write a compiler using actors!). MOP and OOP are not orthogonal, they are describe completely different granularity. Are you based in Beijing? People's Daily doesn't include black/gray income, and for public-owned companies, this is huge where almost everyone is getting income/benefits under the table. They don't need to buy their own iPhone, someone will just "gift" it to them for guanxi reasons. Finally, any middle class kid working for a private company making more than 6K RMB/month (72K/year) is going to have a iPhone most of the time. And this is why they are so pervasive here. You just aren't trying hard enough. The first OO language (SketchPad '62) was constraint based (visual and based on prototypes). Then there was ThingLab (Borning, 78?). And for my own work, check out SuperGlue (ECOOP 2006, OOPSLA Onward! 2007). No methods to be seen...and still very OO. Incompatible or orthogonal? Message passing is primarily an issue of software architecture (using Garland's definition) while OOP is more of an issue of linguistic abstraction. OOFP is definitely possible, like say Moby or OCAML. The distinction between OOP and FP is hardly as black and white as you think. Well, what is a language then? My opinion is that any abstraction layer that shapes thought and allows for the expression of new abstractions is a language in its own right. If it has a textual syntax, great! But this isn't necessary. It might be a programming environment that exposes new or different metaphors from its underlying host. An object system in Scheme is defining a new language, an enhancement of Scheme, that happens to be OOP. SketchPad is a language, just a very inexpressive one that is not targeted at traditional programmers. ThingLab defines new metaphors and such, programming in ThingLab is a distinct programming experience from Smalltalk. Heck, even Bad Piggies is defining an inexpressive language in the context of a game, or think scripting in LittleBigPlanet. Nice to know! Too bad I'm left handed :( Falling interest rates usually result in increases in circulating money supply. Supply/demand definitely has an effect, but then so do increased living standards (more taxes, more pay to those who stock coke machines). Coke in Switzerland is not expensive because of inflation. With increased living standards, lower end goods necessarily become more expensive while higher end goods become cheaper (or at least don't rise so much). This is probably because what makes a "language" is fairly fuzzy. There is probably no hard line where a abstraction layer goes from just being a user interface/environment/library/notation to a language. I did read your post, I was disagreeing with this: > They can't be peers, they have fundamentally different ideas about what is most important. And that makes the crash ok? Applications shouldn't be non-responsive period, even if the network becomes unavailable they should at least fail gracefully. Whenever I shutdown/restart Windows 8 for my monthly update (or whenever my machine gets too slow), most of my applications crash out (meaning, they can't shutdown in time for Windows to complain about it and ask you to crash the apps explicitly). This is with decent network. Uhm, try that "active component" in Germany. Even Walmart greeters make them nervous. I dislike going to places where people work on commissions unless I'm really sure about what I'm getting; information asymmetry combined with a party out to get you for all they can is a bad combo. So those guys at the back of the mall store ignoring me is perfectly fine! I disagree. If we make changes to the programming model that allow for better tool integration, we all win. In fact, tooling really is a part of the language, and you should co-design your IDE and language together. Treat any third-party plugin as a language extension. Programming models will always limit the effectiveness of features like edit-and-continue and IntelliTrace, so let's fix that! I don't think the Omniscient log-the-world Debugging is practical, but if we just had some form of deterministic replay, we could take snapshots or even cheaper memoizations at certain points in the program. Going backwards is simply a matter of going back to the last checkpoint and going forwards to the point where you want to stop. I agree that the key is UX, and as Gilad said in the blog comments, they aren't necessarily technological (once we know what the right experience is, we'll build the technology!). Disclaimer: I work for MSFT, though I study this problem in research (MSR/MSRA). You've basically described the primary difference schools of programming thought. Should programming be the act of taking well-defined/understood requirements, a nice clean environment (and dependencies), careful thought, and producing a program that is correct by construction and has little need for debugging? Or is programming a messy affair of poorly defined requirements, crazy environments, and more exploratory, where debugging would then consume more effort than actual coding? I believe more in the latter school, though of course, they are both extremes and I'm a moderate. The mud is unavoidable and we might as well build winches to pull ourselves out rather than spend time trying to carefully avoid it. Browsing the web on an iPad is much better than on a PC, especially when on bed. It's already in the cost of our ticket, one of many surcharges. There is definitely a big difference between an inexperienced developer and one who is experienced and follows rigid organization practices. But even these latter people probably debug a lot, you just don't see it from the outside. Debugging is as close to experimental science as we get in computer science. It is the act of understanding a complex system, and even if we built that system entirely by ourselves (unlikely), it eventually "gets away from us" and takes on a life of its own. It is impossible to understand everything, and debugging is a great way of allowing us to forget details and uncover them later. Simple: Changsha is not an empty city. A lot of it has to do with face though. Hunan/Changsha get lots of face projects because they are the home of Mao. Changsha itself is at best a second tier city and not really even on the level as Wuhan or (definitely) Guangzhou that it lies between. Looking at the designs, the building looks like it will be an eye soar pretty quickly, on par with the Ryugyong. But concrete buildings are so common in China because they can be assembled with low-level migrant workers. The move to steel typically requires much higher-level expertise, and so only the tallest buildings get that treatment. But with prefab, this is interesting, they might be able to continue using low-level migrant workers in the factory and during assembly? There is a lot of truth the empty city/empty building story, mostly just classic overbuilding. Its just not the issue in Changsha, which is a booming city coming into its own right now (though they may be overbuilding). I've only been there once about 10 years ago, but I go to Hunan relatively often. Its not like Inner Mongolia where you could just build an empty city on the plains. The area is heavily populated. Conservative in the sense of personal and societal responsibility and a strong adherence to tradition. Switzerland is the same way, very conservative by European measures, but by the way we (Americans) rate conservatism, not at all. All these countries are socially progressive with strong safety nets, but relatively liberal economically (again, in the real sense of "liberal"). I would think that the American/New world conservatism is the one that's messed up and twisting the meaning of these words. I was paying 900 CHF for a 60ish square meter apartment in Lausanne about 5 years ago. Today I pay 8000 RMB for a 200 square meter apartment in Beijing, much better, but still pricey by American standards. Meters. Beijing is not as bad as Switzerland, I have a lot of space now. 37yo male here. Both Obama or Bush would be fun to hang around, for different reasons. Would love to see them in a bar together. Bush wasn't a great president, but he definitely had the charisma for it. Romney never had that, this is why I knew in my gut he couldn't win. Well, there's that, but most corporations don't really get IT right, IT is a cost center that should be held at arm's length. Obama's IT formula came from Google and Facebook, where IT is front and center. That isn't true. Obama was the more charismatic candidate before we knew he would won. Romney always really came off as disconnected and aloof. I don't think a majority of republicans would agree otherwise, they just hated Obama and only had to make due with Romney, not many of them were happy with that! Bush and Clinton were charismatic in ways that both sides of the aisle could easily acknowledge. Charisma is a pre-req to being president, and is not conveyed on victory. If Gore would have won in 2000, that would have been very interesting, since he really wasn't at the level of Bush on likability, he would have been the least charismatic president since...Johnson, Nixon, or the way Carter actually turned out. I'm not sure, China is a big place and many local factors apply. Natural resources in the west and northwest dominate, which is why there are ghost boom towns (people looking to do something with that money). Shanghai/Guangzhou are financial centers and become incredibly expensive, Beijing is the center of government but will always trail Shanghai. The south is dense but not that much arable land (compared to say India, China is mostly mountains). Yunnan (out west) has great weather and ethnic diversity; you'd think Kunming could eventually become China's San Francisco but capital and skillz are all concentrated in the east. You could probably pick a city or region and analyze it to death. This is incredibly unfair. None of us (I work for MSRA) are doing research just to collect patents, we would totally like to change the world, like any researcher (e.g. in Google or Microsoft). But you must know that we can't talk about that whether or not I have a decent rebuttal. But perhaps I could say that our incentives are clearly weighted toward innovation for the sake of new and better products. Hardly. They used to be in love with Smalltalk and even Objective C, even before it was cool with Apple and iOS. Also, lots of LISP. The financial world is incredibly hungry for talent and whatever technology can give them an edge over the competition. Onenote already runs on metro and is kind of nice, actually. They were useful as filters, if somewhat crude. The tests were partly responsible for advancements in Chinese civilization. Surely you are trolling. With the People's Daily or CCTV you'll get a much less biased view of china (joking). The system sucks and kudos to NYT for informing us, even if it has landed them on the wrong side of the great firewall. Ya, bad things happen in the states too but the NYT has no problem reporting on that! The western and Chinese press are just completely incomparable when it comes to bias. Wen is also right, this corruption will tear china apart if it doesn't end soon. That being said, china can be a nice place to live if you are a foreigner, have lots of moment to send your kids to international school, or are a local with lots of guanxi, or you don't have kids yet. You'll hardly realize corruption in your daily life outside of some key but rare activities (like buying property or dealing with local schools). Granted, but the USA still has vastly more social mobility than china. I'm a bit disgusted that someone would even claim they are about the same. I had no advantages of highly educated parents nor much money, yet I was able to get through high school and into a good state university, then a decent phd program; money was paid but not that much, and definitely nothing to the public per-university schools I went to. I live in china, I know how bad it is here; I went through school in the states, I know what goes on there. No one is bribing middle or high school teachers in the states, you would go to jail if you even tried! Our only problem is thte push from parents, oppurtinities are still open if you don't have money as long as you work for it. The same is true in Canada actually, we aren't that far off from our northern neighbors; only our unviserities cost more but are also better at the high end. But whatever problems we have in the states, the problems in china are very different and much more wicked. Right, I see what you mean. I was just pointing out if you only used Chinese media to learn about china, it would be the best place in the world since they cover up most of the bad, it's not like the west where our press is more than happy to air our dirty laundry. Great. Now try that at a public university and you'll go to jail. Wow, the propaganda has worked really well on you. Bribery cases only get publicized when someone has another ax to grind with the official, because otherwise EVERYONE does it. The top brass is not clean at all, even Wen Jiaobao (just check out the NYT reporting about his family's wealth!) but they have enough guanxi to not get called out for it. That Bo Xilai was called out had more to do with him tapping Hu Jintao's phone than him being a corrupt general bad guy! China's family-power politics is very entrenched by now, no one is really immune to it: if you try to be clean, you'll get kicked out because that would make you immune to the nuclear option (don't tell on me, and I won't tell on you). The government will give the public some bones whenever some official makes a serious mistake that can't be covered up, or otherwise someone who has more guanxi than the target has some score to settle. Can't you use traits and type member to simulate open classes? At least, this used to be possible, but then the compiler stopped letting us define type member bounds recursively around the time I left the project. Implicit conversions are a poor substitute to real open classes. All generalizations are false :) Lua's design philosophy is to keep it simple, which works well for their user base and domain of use (lots of embedding in games as a scripting language). Scala is not meant to be a simple scripting language, its more like a power language. Both are very good languages. No. I mean, you should learn what you want to learn; there is no strict set of new technologies that you should learn and others that you shouldn't. Sorry we can't provide you with better guidance. Wow, the stereotypes are flying today. Brits (westerners for crying out loud) are famously patient, I think they invented queuing but someone who knows better could correct me. The USA is also quite good, we seem to respect lines well enough. Asians are also hard to stereotype, Japanese are also famously patient and orderly, it would be very hard to put them in the same bucket as say Chinese, the queuing cultures are just completely different. Try a Chinese train station just before Chinese New Year. I believe they just fill a (huge) square of people and somehow they manage to filter in somehow, I have no idea how they do that! As for writing (scientific papers), I find it best to use my most productive hours for editing and the stupid hours for writing new material, under the assumption that I would have to edit new material anyways. Programming is much the same way. Use your best hours to refine/polish work that is furthest down the line, use your worst hours to write crap that gets you started thinking about what the real solution will look like. Even in your best hours, you probably aren't going to come up with the right solution immediately (unless the problem is easy). Coding is much the same way as writing to me; they are both forms of thought development and refinement. But then I write research code, not production code, so life is a bit different for me (prototypes vs. products). If you are applying and checking in a bug fix, you don't want to do that in your off hours. If you are building a compiler/interpreter/editor for a new language from scratch to explore some design ideas, then off hours are useful in pushing things along since there are lots of unknowns that require time to mull over. Also, you get something to sleep on. Why do you think run time dispatch is that slow? With static typing you can setup an efficient vtable, while even with just dynamic typing there is a lot of cachingq you can do to reduce call overhead. Static analysis helps for some inlining, but the gain isn't more than a few percent. Garbage collection and run time safety checks probably cost more than call indirection. Considering Einstein didn't kill anyone...he did OK. No one is a saint (except for maybe a saint, but then I've heard crazy things about Mother Teresa also). If mental illness is involved, you'll need more than just therapy. Treatment, patience, and...luck? Anyways, this isn't the place for relationship advice, and we are hardly qualified to give it. Yet your advice is very typical. Its like telling a guy whose talking about the heart attack he had last week to go see a doctor. The guy has probably already done that! As someone who has some experience here (on the past kid side), results from professional help come slowly if at all, and especially if there are kids involved, drastic hard choices need to be made that we shouldn't talk about here. The best advice I would give here is preventative: carefully evaluate the mental health of your potential partner, including their family history, you really don't want any surprises later even if you are OK with it. This is in addition to checking for lifestyle compatibility; e.g. if you are a scientist obsessed with your work, make sure your potential partner is really really OK with that. And do you require extreme order in your life to function effectively (e.g. some autism)? Ya, that is something you also need to take up with your partner. Golang is probably hosted on blogspot, google.plus, or app engine, which are all blocked by the GFW. Call it collateral damage. It would be evidence but not conclusive evidence. In this case, we might think it was some sort of horrible prank played by a disgruntled scientist who hacked the instruments. But it might be enough for a second mission designed to conclusively verify the existence of life. This is quite a shock. I worked at Coverity about 7 years ago, but I didn't have much faith in static analysis (now I'm at Microsoft, ironic). I am a firm believer that the best way to fix programming is through better programming languages, which I learned about myself while working at Coverity. Otherwise I think it was a great place to work: lots of very smart people, a very good business plan, great startup stock (back then), but I'm too idealistic! Static analysis tools are very pragmatic in a world where better languages aren't adopted very often. Active digitizers aren't cheap, and are really great with one note (I have the Samsung tablet). My problem with this tablet is also that I can't use it as a laptop (literally, I like working on sofas at starbucks). On the other hand, the resolution looks quite promising, its almost retina! The good old tablet PCs have good digitizers on them, and they are still being made. I'm not sure what I will replace my EliteBook with...I like the digitizer but would prefer something thinner and bigger (like a Samsung Series 9 or a Carbon X1). My old Sony 505g had a 10.4" screen and was plenty useful. Right. I should have replaced "faith" with "excitement." If you program in C++, you need static analysis. I'm not so sold on it for Java or C#, their is a lot less low hanging fruit in a moderately modern statically typed language. Quite true. I'm sure it would have worked out well financially if I hanged around in San Francisco (probably working for Coverity) rather than go to Lausanne to do a postdoc. I'm eager to try a surface in my lap to see how it feels, which I wasn't able to do at the Microsoft store. I do a lot of lap work; coding, writing papers), so this very important to me. I've been spoiled by the iPad 3 in terms of resolution, especially when reading in bed where the tablet is about 10" away from my face. The pro is decent, but I think I could still see the pixels in bed; that would affect what device I choose to use there. I agree that the digitizer is the best thing about the device, that alone could sell it for key niche uses (taking notes, sketching). As parent informed us, mate selection is called "sexual selection" and is a force that complements, but is not the same, as "natural selection." It is good to know the name for that. symbolic execution is very similar to static analysis in purpose, if not name (closer to verification). You are right about the false positive rate, but I don't see why you think its becoming more practical? Static analysis is about performing heuristical non-local analysis on a code base to find bugs. We aren't talking about modular type checking that is performed by the compiler and explicitly enabled by the programming language design. If you eliminate potential bugs to be found, static analysis is devalued significantly. So while static analysis may seem necessary for C++ code (very buggy, not much safety), it has less value for Java or C# code, where the easy-to-detect bugs and the remaining bugs are much more difficult to find. Carrying around and using a power adapter for a tablet at a cafe would be incredibly unfortunate. The iPad power adapter has such a small cord, you can tell you aren't meant to plug it in while using it. So that is the main difference between an ultrabook and a tablet, I guess. You need some Chinese to get around in Beijing. Shanghai is much better, however. First time I've heard of Hefei referred to as a tier 1 city! In certain regions and by a certain demographic. They'll have 30% of the fizzy drink market as long as it lasts. Yes, and they have null pointers also, but such bugs aren't as horrible as they are in c++, they show up more quickly during tests and are easier to debug. C++ remains the market maker for the static analysis industry. But if you look at the adobe housing in Kashgar that is getting torn down for garish apartment blocks, its very depressing (tip: go see Kashgar now before its too late!). My favorite is when they tear down the old and rebuild a "new old town" like in Lijiang or Fenghuang, or even when the "renovate" sections of the great wall. You can tell its fake, and it feels like Disney Land. But there is still a lot of old architecture left, people in China still "live like that;" e.g. its not totally ridiculous to expect real hutongs in Beijing. Perhaps they'll build a "Canada town" in Inner Mongolia, complete with virgin forests, igloos, and totem poles. Also, think of ITT as a negative filter. If you go to ITT or Phoenix, rather than say, a traditional college, employers could make generalizations about your background almost immediately (destitute, not serious about schooling, bad background, high risk) regardless of your real capabilities. Developers want a market (consumers), consumers want content (by developers). A classic chicken-egg feedback loop. Easier to develop apps is just one point that can ease the feedback loop, but its not sufficient...nor is it shockingly necessary (just look at Apple). Disclosure: MSFT employee, just sharing what I've learned about platforms (and what many probably already know). My point was that barriers don't matter much when you have a healthy market to receive your app. So while we might work on lowering barriers, its all for not if the store is a ghost town. This is very humbling to us PL/tools researchers. What keeps you working on Apple's platform is the popularity of the app store, if you couldn't get customers; you would leave in a heart beat for a platform that had a healthier market. Look at all the people who learned Objective C...not because it was the best language, but because it was a technical barrier that was necessary to overcome to access a healthy market (and technical barriers are much easier to overcome than market barriers!). Not to mention china's new liaoning carrier, which is a relatively recent product of the Soviet Union. Windows 8 hasn't been out on the market for more than a few months. Why is that surprising? > Portability is still a good reason to use C++. Quite true, thankfully WP8 supports native now. If portability is not a big deal, I prefer C# and DirectX (via sharpDX). It's much less code than C++, and just not as insane. > And since # of bugs is proportional to the number of lines of code, I end up way ahead. Can't tell if you are being serious here. That's just not true at all; it's well known that LOC is a poor indicator of bug occurrence. Defect rate depends on a lot of things: the language, the programmer's experience and skill level, the kind of code being written. You have to normalize for those factors before you can even begin to think about correlating LOC to estimating bug counts. Now, take a language like Perl, Scala, or APL, where you can do a lot of things on one line of code; the bug density is obviously going to much higher than Java. Given C++'s lack of much safety (both static and dynamic), defect rates will also be higher there also. Then not all defects are created equal. Can the defect be easily detected via static analysis or unit testing? Those defects will wash out during the dev process, but the time needed to find and fix them has to be considered. We also have to apply more weight to wicked defects that are not easily detected (say memory corruption in C++ that causes bad behavior away from where the defect actually originates). I don't have any papers though I believe this style of thought originates from the 70s (like everything else in our field). There is always the folktale about Simoni: some PM at early MSFT instituted a lines of code metrics to measure and rate programmer productivity. The first week, Simoni wrote down something like -10000 LOC for the amount of code he deleted that week. The PM was pretty silent after that. I'm sure I've got this story completely wrong, but the point is that LOC are a crude and crappy metric in any case. C# is ok for CV also, especially if you are just writing some glue code to interface with the GPU (which is probably C++ like CUDA code). There was a time when C++ was it, it was the present and the future. Then Java came out and C++ was increasingly relegated to niche use cases (device drivers, games, HPC). No one would ever dream today of writing a web service in C++, but back in 1995, that definitely wasn't the case. As a related aside, Microsoft recently enabled us to use C++ for WinRT UI apps; keep in mind that WPF (WinRT's predecessor) only supported C# and VB (well, their was the CLR version of C++, but who used that?). So now you can write your Win8 metro app in C++ if you want, but why go through the pain and misery of doing that? Why choose C++ if C# is good enough for what you are doing? > I'm pretty sure the only way to minimize bugs is to write less code. Please think about what you are saying. Such an overly broad statement is so easy to shoot down, I'm sure there are plenty of other ways of minimizing bugs. NASA and Boeing have this figured out, for example, although it is incredibly expensive (formal verification, independent redundancy, extensive testing, static analysis, etc...).