Some lower end routers/modems may still be MIPS and some set top boxes/media players are as well. Ignore the plugin install then. Download links for text/slides/video are available in a number of formats in the bottom right hand corner of the page. IIRC these clones may not be able to play all games - especially ones with add-on chips (Super Mario RPG is the only example I can think of right now) Maybe GitHub for Windows will alleviate some of the problems with bad key handling, but I wonder if a few strategically logged bug reports with GitExtensions and TortoiseGit would go a fair way to fixing a lot of the friction people experience. I wonder how that bypass works. You can group subreddits together with a + symbol between them - e.g. reddit.com/r/technology+gadgets+programming Were there any issues with swapping out Backbone's built in templating for handlebarjs? Any extra info in the script console? I really wish Windows would store this info in NTFS alternate streams. I'll have to check my files when I get home Should I move from Delicious to this? What are the advantages of this over that? I think there should also be an RSS tag somewhere in the markup to let Google Reader et al find your feed automagically. Elaborate? How can a developer check his or her applications against this without needing to run Norton Internet Security or AV. If this isn't possible, is there a cheap(er) option that I can get my hands on that still includes this reputation check? Any idea how that's working? I've never seen image resizing work that well! Maybe I misunderstand this, but couldn't someone write a driver for Cygwin to have a better fork implementation? Were you running out of entropy? If so, how did you solve it? (If you're allowed to divulge that) That's interesting. The Australian branch of Ticketmaster uses queuing and delays to handle load and still often crashes when "big" events go on sale (annual festivals, Radiohead) Just to let you know, you'll have to request your keys over a number of days as there appears to be a limit to the number of keys you can claim within a 24 hour period. Have you tried the "feather" UI from the Youtube Labs/beta page? Any idea if these are the characters GoSMS uses as "emoji"? i.e. is it a defacto standard? Seems to me that PHP bulletin boards are always a (easy?) target. Any idea what bus the eSATA port is attached to? the DreamPlug is similar to the CuBox but the eSATA is hooked up internally via USB2, limiting its speed dramatically For your printer problems, funnily enough installing Bonjour for Windows on both machines can help quite a lot. Ah, sorry. I had sharing and discovery confused. I thought Bonjour allowed (easier) installation of shared printers though. I actually think the issues page would be a better first-step Has this info leak been fixed? Would you still recommend LastPass in this case? Thank you for teaching me a new term! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veblen_good I would be VERY interested to see a packet capture of the same page when you're under and near your cap. Nice idea, needs some graphs maybe? Also, a search for C# returns Linus as the top result ;) There's something a little off about your code screenshot - it's very slightly blurry. Any chance of replacing it with an embedded gist? This isn't Mikko Hypponen's sense of humour - I'd say it's real, even if it is ridiculous. I've noticed a steep rise in the difficulty of reCaptcha captcha's too. There isn't anyone I can contact about it, is there? The requests library in Python will check your certs. docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/user/advanced/#advanced Yeah, I posted this below. It's mentioned in the advanced section. Why checking your SSL certs is an advanced topic I don't know. Thanks. Did I miss the TOC or was that a hidden anchor? Yes, but you're then reliant on the proxy to do the validation for you. My corporate proxy chokes on it too. An error occurred while performing an ICAP operation: File decompression/decode error; File: CorkaMIX.zip; Sub File: No file name available; Vendor: Kaspersky Labs; Engine error code: 0x00050000; Engine version: 8.1.8.79; Pattern version: 120801.124000.8311194; Pattern date: 2012.08.01 12:40:00 Is there a preferred standard for using the SD/external storage on Android? Any chance of allowing this to be used internationally? Maybe an SMS to Google Talk bridge? The brilliant thing about bsnes (the "crazy" emulator you're referring to) is that the author has worked with researchers to reverse-engineer all of the secondary chips that SNES carts used - even an ARM3 chip. Your Macbook should be fine, I'd probably use Disc Utility to dump the disc to an ISO if you have the space. Can you elaborate? I haven't had to use cherry-picking or rebasing and I'm not sure if I'm missing out on anything. Why? 100mbit will do HD content even from a Bluray M2TS file. Agreed. It's clear, it kept me interested and I made sure I read it thoroughly instead of just skimming https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap/issues/4325 Now that's cool. Wonder if it still works. Any chance you remember which issue? I think either VirtualBox or VMware Workstation can detect Ctrl-Alt-Delete - it then asks you if you meant to send that to the guest VM. Any idea how that works if there's protection on Ctrl-Alt-Delete? I must be reading the wrong Python tutorials. Thank you for this This makes me sad - no one appreciates quality any more. Youtube's audio bitrates max out at 160kbit. Hope your bandwidth is cheap - how compressible are these files? Also there's a few suggestions to just send the diffs after the initial model which is a really good idea. Amazing what a change in tone will do for a product/API/launch announcement. Any particular threads worth digging up? Melbourne, Australia appears to be a coffee Mecca. Have the Melbournites moved over there now? Google translate yielded: Service and Support Technical and General Affairs Office hours: 08:00 to 18:00, Front-hour on-call, 24/7 as an option Tel: 08-555771 55 Fax: 08-555 771 99 Mail: support@bahnhof.se Sales Questions regarding contracts and RFPs. Hours: 9:00 a.m. to 17:00 Tel: 08-555771 50 Fax: 08-555771 99 Mail: sales@bahnhof.se iSCSI + PoE. Sign me up please. Yes, there's the CredWrite API - http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/aa37... , although I must admit I like the OS X keychain a lot better. pagetable.net and www.pagetable.net don't seem to resolve. > DiG 9.8.1-P1 > pagetable.net ;; global options: +cmd ;; Got answer: ;; ->>HEADER strace still blows me away every time I use it. ProcMon on Windows does some of the same stuff, but there's really no comparison. Might want to post that to the issue tracker I hate to be ungrateful but I'd like to see HD versions next time - in a lot of Australian broadcast areas there aren't any HD stations over the air any more. Highlight of #Olympic2012 so far: seeing Americans struggle with not having immediate access to new content ( http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/how-nbcs-olympics-strat... ) ndiswrapper is/was more a function of the hardware vendors not supporting Linux/supporting Linux very badly. Go look at some of the early Linux Realtek drivers for example. The Paralympics coverage is abysmal by comparison. It's really sad. Why? Why? Love the URL! More info please? Go to the event, spend the first half an hour talking to people, then find a team and give it a shot. Can the A10 run Linux-proper (not Android) yet? Do you remap ESC to another key? Wouldn't Amazon stomp on you pretty quickly for this? Sorry, I'm looking for confirmation that they've booted a mainline kernel on it. Bonus points if the graphics chip is supported (I was confused, I thought it was on-die but it's not) Interesting. This is the same chip that's used in the Netduinos. It's quite a step up from the Atmel chips used in most Arduinos but I can't quite find a use for one. Where can I still use bang-paths?! xdr.js will mostly work for IE7/8 as far as I can tell. Hey, I'm an Aussie using PayPal and this is the first time I've heard of this. Where can I go to read more? All of his code reviews are excellent. Highly recommend the Quake ones. http://dumps.wikimedia.org/other/search/ is the direct link. Will be interesting to do some compression tests with these files - I think Wikimedia could save quite a bit of bandwidth by using LZMA or similar. Use POST. GET is not meant for that amount of data. Alternatively, GET by a shorter ID. You write a well documented application that is useful, adheres to as much of REST as you can and leave the theories to other people. Now if only I could convince the wheelchair industry to do the same. Just off the top of my head: * One manufacturer and one manufacturer only of the parts for my particular wheelchair (A Quickie GTX by Sunrise Medical) * High prices as customers often don't have any other options * Occasionally the company won't deal with me as I'm only ordering 1 or 2 parts at a time, not hundreds * Proprietary parts requiring complicated installation - unfortunately I can't direct link but have a look at any of the front brace/fork assemblies on http://www.sunparts.us/ * Slow shipping times from the US to Australia, requiring me to plan ahead for any future damage/repairs! Does this use a Mozilla Services Account? If so, your password reset function hasn't been working for a year... For those of us outside the US / who don't follow NFL, what's the joke I'm missing? https://github.com/uams/geturl/issues/7 Edit: pull request submitted. As of an hour ago it works on 2.6 :D Be proud, your domain has made BlueCoat's list of "proxy avoidance" sites and is blocked at my workplace. I wish them all the best, but I can't say I'm optimistic. The N900 was one of the best phones I owned. Nothing on pagekite.me, will check the other tomorrow. Looks interesting, but can you give an example using MS Tests/NUnit that's much simpler/clearer with ExpectBetter? Maybe I'm a strange person, but unencrypted FTP makes me cringe. I'd much rather add a Filepicker-specific SSH key restricted to sftp/scp. How are they paying for this? I'm finding it very hard to feel any sympathy for these advertisers. What the article doesn't say is how many platters in a current 3TB hard drive. http://www.pcworld.idg.com.au/review/servers_storage/seagate... says there are 3 platters in the newest Seagate drives - so potentially we could see 6TB drives from this! Pity there's only 1000 of these, it'd be fun to see if I could flash this with a newer OS. Looks like only the cover art was leaked, not the games. I'm feeling a bit kickstarter-ed out. So many small electronics projects. Good luck, though. Isn't Opus for speech? And then spend the next year frantically trying to recover your ratio... You'd think Apple of all companies would appreciate minimalism. I wouldn't go near it yet, but it's very promising. There are too many big bugs listed here: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-nexus7/+bugs RSS to subscribe to that is http://feeds.launchpad.net/ubuntu-nexus7/latest-bugs.atom Sorry, no links, typing quickly: * F-Secure's blog and some other AV companies' blogs * Ramond Chen's The Old New Thing * Anything written by Mark Russinovich * Slightly off topic, but http://www.devttys0.com/ manages some crazy reverse engineering feats, which I feel are similar to this story. The Nexus 4 maxes out at 16gb available storage and there's no expansion. It only really competes with the base model S3. It's Samsung's own fault they haven't got the 4.2 update out properly yet. Strangely, the link is blocked by BlueCoat at my workplace. Can someone pastebin the text? A Microsoft Touch Mouse with the latest Win8 drivers is a good stopgap - you can use the gestures on top of the mouse to bring up charms and so on. Why not just demux the AAC? Transcoding a lossy file is bad. public string SerializeMessageHeader(string messageHeader) or public string Serialize(MessageHeader header) or if you really want to get fancy Serialize (GenericHeaderObject someObject) which would then be called as Serialize (header) Email Samsung and ask when they're releasing the platform documentation. It's really the only thing you can do, and it sucks. for my S3, I use an app on my (rooted) phone called EasyUMS to enable Mass Storage mode. The other option is to try and find a better app that supports MTP. Now this sounds interesting. Why wouldn't they run in 8? My Pi is pretty close to my wifi router and I have the same stick - 4-5mb/s depending on what I'm doing with the data. You may need to turn power management off for the device. From memory these sticks are either a Ralink or Realtek chipset and are supported by all recent kernels. I think USB 3 is prohibitively expensive at the moment. Power may be an issue there too - you barely get 200mW out of the USB ports by the time the system itself is powered. Neither have we. By the look of it, no, but I'll have to check the source more later. You could try watching the price of the BFG edition in the upcoming Steam Winter sale. Very slick. The only thing I'd add would be Chrome desktop notifications (optional) for plain alerts. I just think the resolution is too low for development work. x264 isn't a standard? The TV scene people now use H.264 in MP4. Sleep. Seriously. Don't pull an all-nighter unless you really really have to. Focus on a basic, fully working product rather than an ambitious semi-finished thing. There's a difference between a VAC ban and a TOS ban. VAC ban means you can no longer play (mostly Valve) games online. A TOS ban means your account is no longer usable. What benefits do the new satellites bring? Yes, at least 2x here. I'll pull up Chrome's FPS display later. Thank you for BitBucket! If you ever need a C# dev, let me know ;) There's a /raw endpoint that accepts markdown and renders it - the GitHub for Windows client uses it. Maybe you could use that with some javascript? I wrote one too! https://github.com/voltagex/python-gist Can you give an example? Wireshark & RTMPDump may get you most of the way there. I like it. Inventive use of FUSE, but is there any reason it couldn't have been done with python and inotify? Matched you, every 404'd article that I have found through web.archive.org makes it more than worth it. Cross version or cross platform? I can potentially write a Win32 desktop app that runs on XP, 7 and 8. Metro apps can be used on 8 and RT, with a potential port to Windows Phone 8. If you have time, it might be worth checking out if you can contribute to VXConnectbot, which seems to be the most maintained fork VXConnectbot VXConnectBot - please contribute! SSL warning - You attempted to reach www.glancedat.com, but instead you actually reached a server identifying itself as *.nodejitsu.com. This may be caused by a misconfiguration on the server or by something more serious. An attacker on your network could be trying to get you to visit a fake (and potentially harmful) version of www.glancedat.com. Sorry it took me a while to get back to you. The first one is passworded, presumably detected by looking at the RAR header. I can't find the second. Aaaaand I'm glad I didn't look that one up on the work PC. I'm assuming you can get the filename info by looking at either the RAR headers or the first archive. And who's going to pay for my bandwidth? I think there's a couple of sites that take markdown in a Gist and put them up as formatted posts. Add Disqus and you've got a neat little product. And a one button gist-to-github repo. Why not Archivrfy.com? Can someone paste the content of this article elsewhere? *.torproject.org is blocked as proxy avoidance where I work. I don't have the bandwidth available, but I'm willing to ship a Raspberry Pi to someone who does. Someone should start the TorPiDo project :P Thanks. I've shortlinked the apk at http://bit.ly/exynosfix to allow easier downloading on the phone itself. Most people will balk at that though. They may not balk at a noisemaker kit, or a build-your-own-universal remote. One of the big banks in Australia, Commbank, have launched something like this - http://www.commbank.com.au/mobile/commbank-kaching/what-is-k... I wonder if they'll ever offer subscriptions It's pretty much an updated version of the Dreamplug, although I'm going to miss the GigE. The only thing I can think of is that they're either in league with or actually scared of the SRS subreddit. No. Valve released a highly-Ubuntu specific .deb and everyone else hacked the crap out of it to get it working. Including pulling in libc from Ubuntu. maybe howdoi --reroll? (Repeat same question for a second opinion) They were having problems with their publisher so the tables stopped coming. Would automating Git be too slow? Wait 6 months to a year. Try to use your digital copy. It won't work - this is a useless disc. I don't think the demoscene is dead. http://scene.org/dir.php?dir=%2Fparties%2F2012/ I'm sorry to hijack your comment for this but if you want to read something related but on another tangent (phreaking) then this article is highly recommended - http://www.lospadres.info/thorg/lbb.html Well, they just destroyed my trust in them. Granted, I'm just one person, but I hope I'm not the only one who feels this way. I'd go further. They're a dangerous, internet-hating cult. With Scientology's history? Hardly. But aren't those addresses only routed within Hamachi itself? I'm not against advertorials but a "religious" ad in a supposed secular magazine? Yuck. Thank you for not caving into their offers. Also, good luck with your Windows 8 project! It's a long time since I've heard the word "diskmag". Off to scene.org! I am currently looking for an ultrabook but for the last couple of years I have used the following setup: * (Acer) eMachines E732Z bought on clearance for $400 * Drive bay adapter + SSD to replace the DVD drive * Upgraded to 8GB/RAM Total is When I went to jailbreak an Apple TV 2, I was presented with lists of software to buy. WTF? Show me the code. This does not bode well for those people for whom Facebook is a pre-installed (and often unremovable) app on new phones. It did lead to an interesting exploit though - http://titanous.com/posts/vulnerabilities-in-heroku-build-sy... Over at coapp.org, we are (were) doing this the "right way", with MSIs that install into Program Files and dependency management. The original source of those PDFs is http://archive.org/search.php?query=collection%3Atransactor-... It doesn't exist yet. Gemcanary is the MVP. How about a hackernews discount code? I'm in a wheelchair. Transport and accommodation is tricky. These policies really, really suck. Is it possible that the admin has disabled the service for that domain? EC2 is cheaper if you're using the server for hours in a month - i.e. to learn, like I am. Needs a login-with-github button - most of my side projects are on GitHub anyway. Can someone explain to me why that file causes the issue to occur? Was it a strange experience to teach a company how to use its own product? * lowendbox.com (be prepared for "fun", you get what you pay for) * my new favourite digitalocean.com * EC2 No referral links here, but I am on Gittip :P That's correct. As I understand it, you can get a reasonable altitude estimation from the barometer. I'm pretty sure it was in the S3 as well. Submitted a pull request with some basic copy-editing for you. Yep. I got an eMachines 732Z (Asus) for $400 last year. $80 for 8GB of RAM and $200 for a 256GB SSD (+$20 for an adaptor to put it where the DVD drive was) and I have a dev laptop that'll eat just about everything else for breakfast. Also known as Steam syndrome. Does this trend worry anyone else? Limiting usage to one distro can't be a good thing. For 13, there's also https://launchpad.net/~gnome3-team/+archive/gnome3 You may be able to use the source packages to build 3.8 for your current version. As a counterpoint, Microsoft employees have contributed to libgit and parts of the ASP Web Stack are open-source under the Apache Licence - see http://aspnetwebstack.codeplex.com/license Heh, here in Australia it used to be $50, now it's $90-110 This post put me completely on Google's side: https://lists.webkit.org/pipermail/webkit-dev/2013-January/0... Depending on which phone you buy, it might not be you installing it. Hey, would you mind elaborating? I always wondered why RDP was miles faster than X when working remotely. Mind you, whatever the Teamviewer guys are doing is even more amazing. Homebrew seems more akin to Arch's PKGBUILD or Gentoo's ebuilds than other package managers. I've done it with a markdown file before - what are the advantages of tdl? (Never heard of it until now) Crippled in hardware - there's no +5V line so even when you patch that code you need to use a Y cable. Until they cross-pollinate with a patented GM crop... They'd be much better served by an offline app or a dead-tree book, but that wasn't the point of your comment. Why? Is it really that much worse than a pad and pen? I've seen the for x in lst syntax before, but where should I start to learn about generators? >Nobody writes a AAA game in Python. No, but the scripting/UI/mod toolkit for the game might be in Python >Nobody writes a performant Apache/Nginx class web-server in Python No, but Python can do quite well serving WSGI to Nginx >Nobody writes a database engine in Python No, but Python ORMs work pretty well. The point I'm trying to make is that I don't think that it's a bad thing that Python sometimes gets relegated to a "support" language. I think the time of the single language programmer is over. If you need something faster than Python, use something else. Yep, ran into the programmer's-autoresponder for the first time from the dev of the AlarmDroid app for Android. It's pretty effective. ...What should I do if I want to fix an apostrophe in your readme? GitHub is making it difficult for me to do a #L link to your file but: - It is slower than the C version (duh, its in javascript). Specifically, physics simulations using chipmunk-js runs about 3 times slower than the C equivalent. should be - It is slower than the C version (duh, it's in javascript). Specifically, physics simulations using chipmunk-js runs about 3 times slower than the C equivalent. Would you prefer I left your typos in place? Hey, any book recommendations? Not for Detroit specifically, but urban planning is interesting. I'm sad to say that was one of the reasons I signed up! I agree, but I've been berated in the past for linking this. Maybe it comes off as a bit harsh? http://www.jaycar.com.au/productView.asp?ID=AC1621 What protection do you use for the Pi's GPIOs? $81 for http://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Algorithms-Thomas-H-Corme... No legal DRM free option as far as I can see. Fifth link was a direct to the PDF. The things you don't hear about on Top Gear. Do you think there's anywhere else I can go to read stuff like what you wrote? I got the impression that Paint.NET was abandoned. Here in Australia, I'd say go learn C# and do CRUD - but then again I'm sitting in Canberra and the feds love Microsoft tech (admittedly, I do love C#) Java seems to be on its way out here. Hi, I'm a wheelchair user in Australia. Would be very very interested in adapting your app. Please get in touch! >showing solidarity for the more criminal subreddits. Like? That is a damn nice radio. Unfortunately it'd be well over $1000AUD once I got it here - is there another product you know of that's a step above the Realtek TV card hack? I'm starting to get beyond its' capabilities (decoding P25 broadcasts) I didn't know about win+W. Is there a list somewhere? I never knew that! I wonder if Google/Deja kept the headers. If they did, I wonder if they'd censor it. Sigh, I wrote this as a comment, why couldn't I have written this article? And now I have to work harder to avoid PayPal. I think I'm going to start looking into my email setup, just in case. It's funny you posted this using Google Finance and not Yahoo Finance - share price versus mind share. Ah OK, makes sense. Currently sporting a reasonably full beard. I agree. Actually, if you've got your webserver configured correctly, it's not even "auto-zip" - your server sends gzip and the browser unpacks it transparently. 128mb RAM is enough? Anyone else reading this comment: http://craphound.com/makers/donate/ (download the book for free, donate a copy to a school) What about as a UEFI image? I've never had a board that was supported by CoreBoot. Trac is pretty bad. Can you remove yourself off a subscribed issue yet? C&C is hosted by infiumhost.com, seems to be professional botnet hosting. Approach with caution. Looking at SpamHaus, that IP range is owned by a company that provides professional botnet hosting. Approach with caution. Except for games that use GFWL - the serial number has to be re-entered every time you install them, and they're tied to an email address you might not have one day. I'd probably recommend just going with Tor for now. I know you're trying to help but accidentally identifying a Tor user, even indirectly could be fatal in these circumstances. I'd say V will still use a modified version of the RAGE engine (GTA4, RDR, Max Payne 3), so it won't (ever?) be released. Heh, I bet you're somewhere with high bandwidth, no data caps and very low latency. Here, I'm 30-60ms away from the big datacentres, and 200-400ms away from the US. Data is capped at ~500gb per month on the high end plans, and that's both upload and download. I'm lucky to get 10 megabits down, 1 megabit up on a good day. Coupled with the fact our country's going to head back to the 1950s with the inevitable change of government next election, screw the cloud. Guessed it. I was debating whether to mention it in my post. The popular demo! Cool. I wonder what the conversion workflow --> GeoJSON is like? KPX and CSV and XLS are common over at data.gov.au / data.act.gov.au OK, now I have to try Vagrant, too! Are you able to elaborate on the testing you did? Did you raise any bug reports over with Mono? Yeah, just reminiscing. a) Tony, b) hasn't been in power for some time now. OT: Jeopardy screens in Australia? What? There's still going to be memory.dmp somewhere in c:\windows that'll tell you what happened. What was it missing? Cool! I think this would also be PXE-bootable with iPXE and a chain command. Now there's a code golf challenge I can work with. Mind posting some of your techniques? From the article I get the sense that the author is doing quite a lot more than writing insults. I think empowering other people is a worthy pursuit, and definitely has a place here at HN. Also, it's a bit rich to say "I'll just write some clever insults from my corner" when you're doing the same. I mean this in a friendly way, but it's nice to see that it's not just Python that has issues with major version bumps. You sure it's not just the caching tricking you? It's been a long time since I used a Mac but I'd be surprised if it didn't cache as much as possible. Unused RAM is wasted RAM. SourceTree has been great and Atlassian's support is also excellent. However, I still can't work out how to turn off Git's overly-optimistic automerge, which leaves [1] http://yannramin.com/2009/10/16/the-wikireader-cool-device-f... I don't think this is a solution for everyone. Even though VPSes are cheap, if you're not making any money from running them, they're still a cost to you. I had to go look up what quotidian meant - it means everyday. Performance is pretty good with both on IE10. I never thought I'd see the day... Escucha me! It sounds like something similar to the softmod exploits used to run unsigned code on the Wii. I'm curious - what's the difference between yours and the parent's in terms of the conversion? The issue I have is that the very first link in this search: https://www.google.com.au/search?q=lemon+jelly+flac should be a link to somewhere I can buy albums for $10-15USD each. I have been steadily moving to buying only digitally released music, but some artists and labels make this very difficult. Doing it right are: * Boomkat.com (reasonable FLAC surcharge) * digital-tunes.com (same price for FLAC/MP3) * bleep.com * hdtracks.com (sort of, the markup is massive) Failing are: * Amazon, iTunes et al - ~256kbit-ish music, often mastered terribly. (Yes, I'm aware that AAC is a bit higher quality at the same bitrate) * Beatport.com (you want me to pay how much extra for WAV?!) * Almost every major label - I can't order lossless tracks from most of them I installed the feedly extension and it proceeded to trash every page I viewed by inserting itself at the bottom. Even in plain Javascript files I was viewing Right, it's the cross platform TFS Explorer (basically Source Control View in Visual Studio, but pulled out as an app) I better check again, but the ARM build of btsync was very unstable, even to the level of causing a kernel panic on one of my Pi boards. I'm not sure what you wanted to accomplish with this post. There's very little you can repair on the Pi, so unless there's an obvious broken solder joint, probably. That said, there are alternatives to the Pi around if you require more power. AKA the "Billion Dollar Javascript" - http://www.branded3.com/blogs/billion-dollar-javascript/ I definitely notice the performance improvements in VS2012. I wonder how many people reporting performance issues are also running ReSharper. JetBrains do great work, but ReSharper ( very resource-heavy. I'd love to use NewsBlur, except when I signed up my screen is filled with French feeds, with no way to get rid of them and no indication of why. I see nginx as more a general application server, and IIS as a specialised server you run when you need NTLM/Windows integrated authentication and ASP.NET et al. I found Ansible quite tricky to use. I was trying to set up https://github.com/pas256/ansible-ec2 to manage some EC2 instances and it seems like I needed to replace a static config file with a script? Wouldn't that prevent me doing anything that wasn't EC2 with that instance of Ansible? Debian also moved the inventory files around in their package so that made things confusing. I'm assuming you use PuTTY, what are you missing? I like the FuTTY fork of it at the moment. I remember these scripts coming up a while ago here, along with some scathing criticism. How does it compare to ack? How did you go retraining the muscle memory used to type grep -E? I managed to limit my laptop's lifespan to ~1 year by ignoring this advice. I bought the X1 Carbon with 4GB of RAM, instead of waiting for the 8GB (with a significant processor bump too). Oh for a laptop trade-in program. Here's another use case: I'm in a wheelchair and shopping is tricky. I'd LOVE this system to start up in Australia. I suspect you got downvoted because English isn't your first language. Something like: "Is the water from the ocean clean enough to drink? Hope to see this product available to buy soon" might be better I've still got one, sitting in a drawer... Are these still on the old Marvell Armada SoC? I'm still running a Dreamplug as a gateway/mini server and it's hamstrung by everything running over USB. I had the Sheeva, and I now have the Dreamplug. I wish someone would bring one of these to market with USB3 and still have the dual-GigE's. Have you ever tried to modify a router? If someone hasn't already done it for OpenWRT, it's very very difficult - and that's even if the vendor will release usable sources. The "Plug"-class devices are a little bit more open and easier to develop for, but Marvell are still a bit silly with some of their stuff (libertas Wifi/BT) Most likely. Couple that with uPNP and a dynamic DNS and it's web accessible. The PogoPlug does it too (and yes, these seem to all be built off the same/similar SoCs) I really really really should learn more Linq. Where would I use let, and why? Another viewpoint (not just on Quinoa): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPGnBkH3fBg I wonder what the real price of quinoa is, before this "superfood" bollocks got to it? Oh I dunno, a few well placed Murdoch headlines seem to do the trick. If only he were on our side... I have an odd affliction - I collect ARM devices. Right from the OpenMoko Freerunner, through the N900 and now the Raspberry Pi. It's always a tradeoff between price, community size and compute power with these little things. Hell, even the ZipIt Z2 running a tiny little Freescale processor had a good community when it was new. I can go and get a HardKernel O2 and have really good performance but there won't be that many people in the IRC channel to help me out when I have a device specific question. The Raspberry Pi has captured such an audience that there's people everywhere who can help, as well as a huge amount of development going on. The other advantage of the Raspberry Pi is that replacing the whole board is cheaper than buying the JTAG breakout for other devices (I'm looking at you, GlobalScale). I'd love to talk with you further about the different devices around - I really do have a lot of them and I have more on the way. Support and communities for ARM devices seems to be really fragmented, and it's a shame. I think my contact details are in my profile. Sorry for the rambling reply, it's late here. What happens if I tune my DVB card in, sample /dev/video0 or whatever it is now and use that to add entropy? Is that even possible? I'll pay for music that I can get in FLAC or ALAC for a reasonable cost (say, $1 extra than the cost of the WAV). I'm trying hard not to buy physical CDs, but it's difficult. You're lucky - Anjunabeats and Armada still won't sell FLAC and WAV at Junodownload and Beatport doesn't count - look at the markup! Unfortunately, Beatport are the worst for surcharges on WAVs. In the interests of full transparency, I've been looking for alternatives to rsync.net. I haven't found any - although tarsnap comes very close. I have an existing account, how can I move to this? It may be possible to enter Morse code using the single button switch. I knew someone who used one of these for a while, but not for password entry. Cool, but if I can (eventually) increase the amount I'm receiving on GitTip to $60/year, there's my playground instance on DigitalOcean paid for. I think the ability to break SSL would be a major trump card that wouldn't be shown that easily - can you cite any sources? So how do you actually get a bug fixed in Wine? There's a whole lot of blockers for anything based on the Wix installer. You may be able to get VS2010 hobbling along, but VS2012 is stopped by this bug: http://bugs.winehq.org/show_bug.cgi?id=17273 It worries me that the flight to tablets and other not-PCs will cause a return to the $4000 PCs of the 90s (at least, I can remember my father paying about that for a 486DX) Now there's an interesting question. How many viruses run on Wine? (sidenote: do I submit them to the AppDB?) * Wheelchair parts * Orthotics * Custom grips/parts for walking sticks * The back of my remote that's been lost since 2000 * Custom holders/stands for devices (modems,phones) * Custom project boxes ...just for a start. Suddenly, the device seems a lot less interesting. Do you think I'll be able to get one of these phones after the campaign is done? I can't do $630 right now (IndieGogo is debit-immediately, rather than Kickstarter's debit-when-successful). Can I use this to fix my python-gist script which needs a GitHub OAuth token but is not really supported because it's a console app? https://github.com/voltagex/python-gist Edit: Yes, I can. Until I get 100 users of the script, then I'd have to shut it down. Finally, a phone that beats the storage I had in my iRiver H340 (with the extremely expensive 80GB Toshiba mini hard drive) Your S3 also can't load apps off that storage because of design decisions made by Google. I wonder which will happen first, Google supporting BT4/LE on the phones that already have this built-in , or Canonical getting a phone built from scratch and having BT LE support? That's gonna be expensive on a data plan. Unfortunately the implementation leaves something to be desired. My WiDi box is one of the better ones, a Netgear PVR3000 and it's still a laggy, low quality RTSP over Wifi trick (that seems to be all WiDi is). I am. I'm bloody angry that consumers prioritize tiny/thin phones over a battery that lasts all day. I hate how Google handles their bug reports. I hate how low latency audio still isn't a priority on Android. I hate how the bluetooth stack was broken seemingly for no reason at all. I hate that there's still no Bluetooth LE support. I hate how Google won't let the Commonwealth Bank of Australia implement a Google-wallet style application. I hate how half the Android OEMs can't be arsed releasing proper sourcecode. But I think the Nexus 4 is one of the best devices I own... Maybe I'll just stick with Gittip. Hey thanks. I've been procrastinating while trying to start a blog for ages. Do you think I'd have to stick to just Android? I've been meaning to make a post (or several) out of [1] this comment. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6037640 Common Language Runtime? I can't find any mention of this backend. Interesting. What's the easiest way to check which vi binary I have? Woohoo! Nexus 4 pays off. Apologies for hijacking your top comment but I have some additions for Microsoft signing: An organisation I am familiar with enabled "AllSigned" via group policy. For those who don't know about PowerShell, this forces every script that runs on the system to be signed with a trusted* certificate. This immediately meant that developers had trouble using NuGet in Visual Studio (lots of packages run init.ps1 to do setup and move files around, but few are signed). You can't even accept the prompt for signed packages (Do you want to run this script signed by "Microsoft Corporation"? [Y] [N]) because the prompt isn't interactive while NuGet is installing packages. That kind of setup also precludes the use of Choclatey or any other solution that might be using Powershell without the correct signatures. Finally, if you can run Powershell interactively, you can still just write code or use Invoke-Expression (eval). Wargh. *Trusted in this case still means you'll get a prompt the first time you run the script, and a Visual Studio extension installer still runs with enough permissions to install its own certificate into the right store, so I can still be evil if I want. That's assuming the admins haven't accidentally enabled the proxy MITM certificate for code signing (I'll just export and use that instead). That's a fantastic post. VoiceOver seems to blow a few of the competitors away, too. What figures were you using? I'd like to put the current New South Wales, Australia electricity price into the equation. What are your particular problems with C#/F#? Honestly interested. How can I tell the difference between Agile and 'Agile' then? the command= syntax is (was?) how gitolite works - I'm not sure what the difference between that and a jail is, though. I feel like I should have learned this years ago. From a comment above, I think you'll be able to put stty -ixon -ixoff in your .profile (or .bashrc or whatever) and ctrl+s/q won't be a problem anymore. I wonder... I reckon you could implement a totem inside GNU screen that kept track of how many ssh-sessions deep you were. Sorry, I missed your initial comment. Even with lowball estimates, my cost for washing is double yours - 30+c/kWh... sigh. Oops, yes. I was speaking about the Inception reference. The 3dbrew guys are looking for $2300USD (I think) to have some chips inside the Nintendo 3DS decapped. Byuu published some wonderful articles (including some figures) on having the SNES coprocessors decapped so they could be successfully emulated for the first time in over a decade. http://web.archive.org/web/20130121234850/http://byuu.org/ar... There is information on Twitter that a short statement will be released, but the family needs some privacy, time and space. bandcamp.com does this far, far better. Sorry - I won't trust most musicians to encode their own files properly. I'm glad to see the high usage of Bandcamp. How do you work out what load Postgres can handle on what hardware? (Same question for anyone here who knows MSSQL) Have you tried the ADO adapters for Postgres? How'd you like them? That's pretty damn cool. Have you looked at Miracast/WiDi? WiDi at least seems to be RTSP with some uPNP trickery over an ad-hoc wifi connection. OK, WiDi as in Intel Wireless Display, not Wifi Direct. I've played a WiDi "stream" in VLC - it will fall back to plain old RTSP in some cases. Intel have a GPL WiDi archive, but I haven't taken a look yet. Or Facebook promoted posts http://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl/ I love the reference, is it Asterisk based? Blergh, Kamailio. Will it scale down to a Raspberry Pi? I realise I'm completely not your target market but I need something that does VoIP better than my router does it. It's getting there: http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Major_Fleet_Engagements Thanks! Best of luck with your project. There's a difference between putting a piece of metal in a slot and pushing a button that's vaguely connected to your bank account. I'm sure one of the recent 99% Invisible podcasts had something about the increase in revenue when slot machines were able to use credit cards, or banknotes. It's not ridiculous if your motivations aren't purely business-driven. I can't believe ISPs would fight free caching servers. I was happy when I saw traffic coming from somehost.myisp.net while loading content from YouTube. The best, non-scumware script is: http://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl/ Thank you! I had been using Chrome just for Youtube. Now, if only I could get Greasemonkey scripts to be saved by Firefox Sync. I think I need a list of things to check. This sounds pretty scriptable though: * SSH Host Key * SSH Authorized Keys * SSH PermitRootLogin * Disabling password auth in favour of keys * Security updates from the distro * SELinux (maybe?) Anything else? ACLs as in allow/deny? What if I'm using a dynamic IP on my client? In that case, should I just be using a "trusted" SSH gateway? I think most research for the last ~10 years has gone into wireless tech. Maybe that's why the price hasn't changed? How were the name lookups done? It seems we still can't get this right in 2013 (mDNS & NMB) Crap, the Australian NBN is going to be GPON. It's going to be DOCSIS2 all over again - good until you get a lot of users in your neighborhood. I get this feeling with many open source projects, but merges happen much less often than forks. Well, I wouldn't want a $20 PSU blowing up during a match... I suspect this is a hangover from when drive firmware/chipsets were terrible - Samsung and Intel have been ahead of the curve. Are you able to give any more details? Granted I'm not involved in large-scale networking, but it's the first I've heard of that. You can tear me to shreds for this, but until I can code Haskell in Visual Studio, it's going to be hard for it to gain any traction in $BIGCORP. I'm honestly not sure why that is, but it is a completely different way of thinking to code in functional languages. I think the Cubieboard is OK on this but: Which boards are speed limited by using USB internally? (I'm thinking of my Dreamplug, mainly) Because sometimes you don't have the luxury of choosing which programming language jobs are available for. I'd love to make the jump from "just" web development to some proper embedded development. Any pointers? The breakthrough is in some very fast signal processing to allow the images to be taken on an iPhone, not a GoPro. Both are impressive. jpap, if you ever find yourself stranded in Canberra, I'll buy you a beer (a proper Australian one). I'm over in the States in a month-ish but not over your way (Seattle, NYC). A red thing might look too much like a "Recording" dot, though. OK, here's one to do with "just" sort, awk and uniq ;) http://naa.gov.au/naaresources/govhack-2013/PassengersArriva... If you have a sourceforge account, please let the admin of Filezilla know that this is not very cool: https://sourceforge.net/sendmessage.php?touser=156254 I will be shortly. I'll be interested to see a response from the project admin first. Put it this way, if they'd asked for a few bucks and put up a Flattr or a GitTip, it would have been a no-brainer for me. Flattr especially is really easy. Isn't that closer to a USB vasectomy? (not a sentence I thought I'd ever write) I'd pay decent money for a small, USB adapter with the ability to swap the pins (for international travel) and a guarantee that it would reach at least 1.8A and 5V. I'm so conflicted right now... I don't own any other Apple gear. Thanks for PortableApps. It's the redirect and the inability to download the real exe for offline install that I have a problem with. I also have a huge problem with granting a glorified curl wrapper full administrative rights. I wonder if the fact it's immensely slow on FF 22 vs Chrome 28 is worth a Bugzilla ticket I don't think they'll be silent any more unless you turn off 4.3's "Allow scanning by services" option. It sounds like these forks are a net positive for the MySQL-ish environment. Any plans for Clojurescript support? Also, is it just me or is every new editor/IDE using that same Sublime-ish colour scheme? Oops, I hadn't looked - I haven't played with Clojurescript yet, but it's on my list. Taking that idea even further, how cool would it be to have one binary that ran a pre-built docker container? There are so many different variants of netcat: nc, netcat, ncat, socat... I can never be sure of which syntax I'm going to get on an unfamiliar server. Some projects that have gone through the GSoC process have triaged bugs/features like this. I'm trying to remember them now - blame Monday. http://fedoraproject.org/join-fedora is pretty much the best "How to Contribute" example I've seen. Can you give an example of how you'd use it in your config? It's a little troubling for me that people crucified Canonical about the use of the Amazon search "lens" but there's not a peep about this. I agree with everything except turning off IPv6. I suspect you're "fixing" the issue with things trying an IPv6 lookup before an IPv4 lookup and appearing to hang - this should be reported as a bug. No, I want to store my passwords with strong encryption on my own machine, then unlock them for short periods, a-la the sudo password prompt. Even encrypting the password store on-disk? What's Keepass doing? I wonder if the diff will apply cleanly to Futty/PuTTYTray - they're still based on a 2012 build of 0.62. Edit: Blergh, SVN. The fork I'm just about to patch is FuTTY - https://github.com/FireEgl/FuTTY which includes save-settings-to-file. The screen resizing behaviour (as a result of Screen's +flow command) might drive you crazy though. Thanks! I will support DRM free where possible. The various libertas blobs, right? These affected development for the Guruplug/Dreamplug (maybe the Tonido), too. There is a dramatic lack of competition. We find ourselves in the odd position of hoping Intel will come in and shake up the market. Strangely, you're describing (sort of) Intel! Whoa, the US market is strange - Australians only pay for outbound minutes (mostly). Can you elaborate here? ;) It's possible something like Vagrant may help, but there's still a learning curve. Heh, I'm at the Digital Ocean stage of your flowchart, I just have to build something to fund that $90/month... Yes. http://sealedabstract.com/rants/why-mobile-web-apps-are-slow... The best use of this I've seen was someone wrapping the entire Wikipedia article on the blink tag, in the blink tag. The alternatives are Mediatek and Rockchip, and the community-at-large has an odd definition if they're considered open. Buying out the competition? Here's another one: There's a couple of posts on meta.discourse.org asking how to integrate Discourse with an existing Single Sign On (assume all users have email addresses) With Persona on a LAN-side server, you could even have emails like janesmith@intranet.local and it'd still be seamless. OK, the tech behind this could be the first serious competitor to Teamviewer in a while. This is cool! Don't. I just spent quite some time assisting someone with a 1TB WD drive that was failing after 1 month. No backup strategy, quite expensive. I'm a stickler for quality. I may be an outlier - but the future shouldn't be in 320kbit/s So if you can work out how to add a red ● to your prompt, this'd be a really good way to indicate recording. Thanks, I was missing the printf. I am probably the only mplayer+teletext user in Australia. I'm trying to strip out the subtitles from a DVB-T stream and do an analysis of the words used on a commercial vs a public channel. I wonder how long it would take you to POST all the possible iPhone and Android MAC addresses to that opt out page. Now there's an idea for a browser extension - given a Wikipedia page, find the matching page and provide a "harmonization diff". I can attest to the low quality of router firmware, go grab the source from Billion or Netgear and have a look. Homework question: What's running on your blu-ray player? I wonder (other than the features requiring kernel 3.5) what dependencies dmesg has - could I just carry a static binary around in my ~/bin for systems that don't have a new util-linux? And SecureApt [1] didn't exist until 2003. [1]: https://wiki.debian.org/SecureApt Where do I sign up? (/kickstart/gogo/paypal/greenlight/whatever) I really should start blogging - one of my many unfinished projects is a teardown and reverse engineering effort of a Philips BD player. Java isn't even the half of it. I'd really appreciate some early feedback on the stuff I'm writing, but you don't have any contact details in your profile - send me an email if you want a preview. I'm working on an article like this (but with less success at the end) for my Blu Ray player. Email me if you want a preview! I wonder how you'd modify this advice for someone in a wheelchair? Sidenote: http://www.speakinghacks.com/ I'm in Australia. I'd pay $2/month+ for AMC, too. The GPL is supposed to put constraints on you, but I'm still waiting for a source code release from Billion for their router firmware (Busybox) and Philips have removed access to their GPL source trees. Search for SSL on this page: http://www.dsd.gov.au/infosec/top-mitigations/top35mitigatio... I imagine DOD requirements are the same. And flatten the battery on my laptop/phone faster. From a quick glance, it looks like you'd need to make Gumbo a backend for lxml. Is that even possible? There is something very, very wrong with the world. That's crap. Edit: damn, we need more people like jwz. Sounds like one for my site, which I'm still not sure if it's OK to plug here. TempleOS is reading HN today... Which Dropbear vulnerability? The last one I can see is from 2012. Sounds like every bad office. Thanks! I'd forgotten about busybox, but that's often how your home router is doing things. * Side note: if it is, make sure your router manufacturer provides the GPL source release. It often won't, as features ("applets") are chosen at compile-time. Reach out anyway, you never know! Hmm, there's another investigation to do. I'm sure I've seen an example of using /dev/tcp - a bash builtin. Hey shykes, I'll come into IRC to discuss this more at some point, but wouldn't it be better to give the main docker package a dependency on docker-startup-scripts and then have that dependency fulfilled either by docker-upstart or docker-sysvinit? http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/check-ou... This one will also output in XML. The APIs should be there in Windows 7, too. Issue logged at https://github.com/ConradIrwin/showterm.io/issues/6 Yuck. If you are interested, perhaps a directory junction would get it far enough along to fix the problems. Have you tried SourceTree? Apart from the art, is there any reason you couldn't do this in JS/HTML5? Finally, someone who really gets it. Now our last hope for the next N9x0 is Jolla. How does this impact screen readers? I also posted this some time ago. Zinio and other magazine apps already do this. They're either encrypted SWFs or PDFs on the backend. Although I agree with you, a lot of these movies have expert consultants (ex FBI, ex police etc). So he could have gained quite a lot of information. Heh. I'm in a wheelchair. I still haven't done a completely independent trip overseas, but I'm working on it. I guess that'll be an interesting blog when I do. Real easy is something that only happens when your circumstances fall into some kind of normal bounds. And DRM free from http://buy.indiegamethemovie.com/ Highly recommend Discourse, even if you don't know Rails. Actually, if your goal is to set up a discussion forum, then you can get away with "ignoring" the code behind Discourse (except for some YAML config files) Also, email me (details in profile) if you need some more help with this idea - it's a good one! Watch out for IPv6 on Windows. I have a PPTP VPN through StrongVPN and the IPv6 interface is unaffected. Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be a way to programmatically disable it. Just after I pay for a year of StrongVPN... Seems to be disk related - maybe try another emulated controller? iMovie from 2005 to retrieve a very old iMovie project. It's unfortunate you're having trouble. I'm running the latest (beta) version of VirtualBox and it seems to be fine for me. A VM is not magic, it's emulating real hardware under there - a PIIX4 IDE controller by the look of the settings. You may have better luck picking another option in Settings under Storage. I'm not sure this can do BT4-LE - maybe the HackRF can fill the gap? Violating the MIT license by stripping the license text, right? How would the card game work? It sounds like an interesting idea. You wouldn't happen to know which USB to SATA controller it is, would you? (device ID under Linux might help) Sharkoon isn't the only one that uses those controllers (Astone might also) and I keep some of them around for testing purposes. Is it just me, or is firmware quality getting worse these days? Terrible router firmware strikes again. Which router are you using? I wonder if there's anywhere I can read about this. (Paging Jason Scott) JMicron makes lots and lots of SATA controllers, that's a bit scary. Maybe Jolla? :D Play Services is an absolute win for consumers. How is it a noose for manufacturers? To rescue an old iMovie project of mine, I used 10.6 (or whatever version last had Rosetta) in Virtualbox 4.something. From memory I needed a completely hacked version of OS X and I wouldn't have had a chance of getting it working from my retail disc (yes, I own one!) Given the option again, I'd rent a machine or borrow one. This is great marketing. The corresponding Google page is good, too. http://www.android.com/kitkat/ I can get 350mbit-ish out of the Dreamplug - do you know of any small devices with two Ethernet ports that can do better? I'm looking to upgrade. Don't Freescale have a bad reputation for not being particularly open? I've gone with the WDTV series for my media needs - the earlier gens were very hackable but they've turned on codesigning in the latest WDTV Live Media hub range. They're not bad and play everything I throw at them (Sigmatek decoders, afaicr) I had a FitPC! Do these have the same problem as the other Freescale and Marvel Armada based boards that the GigE is hanging off USB2? The Guruplug and Dreamplug. They're still limited by the USB to about 350mbit throughput. What I struggle to find is whether we're finally seeing USB3, or GigE that can go faster than 350mbit. Great, so what should I use instead? Where control means staying with Android 2.3.x far past the useful life of the product, I'm inclined to side with Google. Hrm, thanks. There still must be a speed limitation somewhere. Thank you, this is fantastic! Are there any "shorter" options for ControlPath that are still unique? I've had a few instances of silly hostnames that have caused an error about the name being too long for the socket. Hey, how does the backup system work for you? I'm wondering if this would be a good thing to set up, in addition to my Flickr account. Forgive me if I don't open a PDF from a .ru domain. (and yes, I know how silly that response is) Yep, I'm ashamed I didn't make the connection last week when I signed up for a PPTP VPN. They've been broken for a while now. You are right. I didn't know that PDF.js in Firefox was somewhat safer, though. Another Australianite here. You can just bind to localhost if you don't want things to be open to the world, or modify iptables. Your other issue in Australia is the latency to DO's servers - ~200ms for the US and 350+ for a European droplet. Cloudflare may help there, though. This won't help you now, but you could also keep parity files (PAR2 et. al) on a separate disk/media in case of corruption. I'm on ADSL2+ and am likely to be for a lot longer, thanks to the change in the Australian government. The phone line coming into my house seems to act as a big antenna and I get so much noise that I can't maintain a connection above 10Mbit down, 1Mbit up. I'd pay for mods to my modems too. I'll be in Perth for LCAU 2014, so maybe? Otherwise add me on Twitter or email me and let's talk :) "how were you even able to make programming boring?" Puts into words the question I've been trying to ask some of my teachers for so long, but haven't been able to. I know programming isn't intrinsically interesting to everyone, but I think there is still magic to be found in seeing your instructions (in VB, Pascal, C, Logo, whatever) translated to something on the screen. You can look at it as a kind of validation of the community - there's commercial interest in it. Also, just because someone starts on this app, doesn't mean they won't move on to something else later. I'm not sure keeping hobbyists locked to a particular platform is that useful to Autodesk, especially considering the prices they charge for higher level software. If it wasn't Autodesk doing this, would you have the same reaction? What about Makerbot's move away from open-source? Is it too much to hope that this tech will be implemented in a program that's within an "average" user's budget? (i.e. non-enterprise). Looks like Hacker News has also killed your DB! PXE support on some consumer boards is a mess - often I have to use iPXE [1] just to get them loading from TFTP reliably. Now I've played with UEFI PXE boot, and it seems to be even worse - instead of requesting an "x64 bootloader", the NIC seems to request a "UEFI bytecode bootloader" which I haven't been able to supply. [1]: http://ipxe.org/ If you have a little spare time, the following things might help it seem not-dead: * Add a tiny blog post so the date on the main page isn't May 2012. * Add a "low-hanging fruit/wishlist/todo" to the http://www.uzbl.org/contribute.php page - I see "how do I get involved in XYZ" questions here and on Reddit all the time. But no one's talking about FLAC/DSD for archiving and MP3 for casual listening... which should be the point. The history of music (even if you don't like today's pop) should not be stored in 320 kilobit/s CBR. Works fine for me with an Australian credit card - didn't see 3D Secure/Mastercard verification though. There is an equivalent on the Lenovo laptops - my X1 is a "3443CTO". Same issue with the horrible downloader implementation though. I have to wonder whether the MACs are "globally" unique - what's stopping an OEM using the same MAC? Also, I've seen router firmware features that will autogenerate a MAC for a guest network. I haven't been able to find a clear reason as to why AUFS seems to have lost support from major distros - although the fact that it requires patching VFS in the kernel and isn't "just a module" doesn't help. If overlayFS is in-tree, then it's a possibility to be backported by Red Hat. From the discussions on the GitHub issue tracker, there's a definite problem with custom kernels vs RHEL supported w/ contract. I've been sacked from a small telco too. They told me I was no longer profitable for them. It was worded in such a way that it went to my junk email folder and I lost that phone number completely (too late to port it to a new carrier) Which specific laptops? I haven't required specific hacks since the Dell Mini 9, but I don't doubt you had platform specific issues. I don't think I've seen a patch as a Reddit comment, but grab a command line json parser, add a json extension to the URL and away you go