> When discussing something with some one there are occasions when I'm genuinely curious as to why they have a certain line of reasoning. I want to ask "why do you think that?" but it always comes off condescending. The degree of condescension perceived here is going to be a function of /how/ you ask; but also realize that people often don't have good answers for their reasoning or can't articulate them well. If I'm going to delve in to someone's reasoning, I'll start with "that's interesting" - said as genuinely as possible. I want someone to think I'm asking because I'm /interested/, not because I'm trying to prove them wrong. I'll normally then start to ask them questions about their reasoning, rather than ask them for the reasoning straight out: "So does x mean that y is also true?" or similar. A small amount of prodding like this, and they will usually start to talk. People fundamentally consider their views and opinions to be both important and interesting - if you can /show/ interest in them, rather than worrying them that you've about to prove them wrong, then you'll get traction. > Is there a method/statement for suggesting an attempt at becoming friends with some one? "Hey, want to be friends" is unutterable for me. No matter how I imagine saying that line it feels pathetic. If I don't drink beer or coffee is there anything else to ask someone out to do in order to have some bonding time? I always use "Hey, are you on Facebook?" Facebook is a great way of making low-pressure bonds with people, although you'll have needed to build sufficient rapport first. Invite people to come to an event that you want to attend, that you think they'd be interested in. After the first few meets, it'll be way more normal to "just hang out" but people often want an excuse at first, so they're not worried it'll be awkward. > How to accept a compliment. Thanks or agreement feels egotistical. Trying to act as humble by playing it down doesn't seem to be received well either. Big smile, and "you're very kind". Then people don't know if you agreed, or you were being humble! Social win through obscurity :) Man, it's good to see Perl's barrier to deployment slowly coming away. Feels like CPAN has been both a blessing and a curse to Perl in this regard - it's obviously a feature that gives the language the ability to punch significantly above weight, but has also traditionally made simple deployment of Perl apps a PITA. cpanm and PSGI are big parts of the puzzle. I feel like I've seen a lot of metrics about how Android /will/ be the platform of choice, and little that suggests the vast majority of consumers buy Android phones for anything other than price reasons. I felt this way when my Kindle broke at a start of a holiday, and I ended up with 20,000 lines of code near the end. The English words for 'schadenfreude' and 'entrepreneur' are 'schadenfreude' and 'entrepreneur' respectively. Or did you think the rest of the language came to us on stone tablets? The follow-up point everyone is trying to make is that your idea of 'strict English' is bogus. It's a bit like complaining that there's no English word for 'forest' because we stole it from the French, or veranda, which we stole from Hindi. I also want a cut, but no-one ever asks me... https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Halo_effect This is a neat-trick, and I ♥ Javascript, so even better. In terms of ramping this up to actually be a viable revenue source... I guess you'd need a browser plugin which was hard-core about making sure you agreed to usage, and verified to the server that you were actually doing the mining you'd agreed to - and that could tap in to the GPU. But then, if Bitcoins become worth something meaningful, wouldn't we all be using our GPU most of the time to be generating them anyway? In which case, the website starts asking you for the opportunity cost of using your GPU instead, and you know how much that's worth, and boom, micropayments. I used to make about $1,200 a month from a website with dating advice on it, via affiliate sales of dating products. It started off as a Digg-esque site for the vast quantity of dating-related articles on the net based on some custom Perl I hacked together, but I quickly realized that while that was getting me linked by 'dating experts', the traffic it was bringing in didn't convert, where traffic to very generic articles ("How to meet girls at the gym") converted much better. I tried to make sure it was updated every day, and finding, sourcing, and writing the articles took an hour a day. I ended up selling the site for ~ $16k when I needed some money to pay a tax bill quickly. There are now so so so many sites farming this kind of content, I think it'd be very hard to reproduce in this field. That said, the affiliate commissions are pretty good - one guy would pay you $40 for every $20 ebook of his that was sold as a result of you (because he figured you'd sent him a paying customer who'd end up spending a lot more with him). This guy also wrote an awesome book: http://www.amazon.com/Power-Full-Engagement-Managing-Perform... These points are weak - there are other weaknesses of BitCoin, but these aren't really them. Almost every issue he raises attacks BitCoin as a medium of exchange (which it doesn't need to be) rather than as a medium for storing value. Taking them one at a time: > Severe Problem Number 1: Seeding Initial Wealth He doesn't really explain why this 'problem' is a bad thing. There is a limited supply, and there needs to be a distribution system. While this one may not be perfect, it doesn't cause any systemic weakness in the system. Early adopters will do well, yes. But the degree to which people mine or buy bitcoins now is the degree to which they think they'll be valuable in the future - bitcoins already have a price. People who have mined them will sell them to you. Nothing stops you purchasing bitcoins now if you believe the price will go up. This is how markets work. Hearing someone complain about it is like hearing someone complain that people who buy assets cheaply on the stockmarket will make a significant return. > Severe Problem Number 2: Built in Deflation A bad thing if you're trying to replace a country's currency system with it, and excellent thing if you see them as a store of value. This is the same as people complaining that any other asset deflates over time. > Severe Problem Number 3: Lack of Convertibility This is the closest point he has to being right. Lack of convertibility is a current problem, but economics should solve that. All you need in order to convert your bitcoins is a person who is willing to trade. To have an efficient market, you need an exchange. Here's the crux: bitcoins have a value as long as someone is willing to buy them off you. His key point here seems to be that 'no one is completely invested in the long-term success of the system' - yes. This is also true of your MSFT shares. No-one is guaranteeing that they will be worth anything in the long run. > Severe Problem Number 4: When Something Goes Wrong, It Will Die Perhaps. I went for dinner with some Fx quants last night. One of them brought up this point, and then they all laughed and said "And that's when you invest heavily in it". All assets change their prices based on bad news - most recover again and people who doubled-down at that point make money. A thousand times this. I got really in to programming when I realized I could create ... and then share with anyone to whom I could get a URL So to get this straight: the guy who took Apple's icon for syncing and added a wifi symbol thinks Apple ripped him off taking their icon for syncing and adding a wifi symbol? Who'd a thunk. Javascript is also popular because it's FUN and FAST. I'm working on a project where I've been doing parsing of HTML in Perl and I'm ripping the guts out to do in an embedded V8 engine - has the added bonus that I'll also be able to deploy the guts to a browser. Getting up close and personal with Javascript changed how I programmed in other languages. Passing anonymous functions around, abusing map and grep functions (which are easily enough hacked in), and the knowledge that many people will be able to read and understand and contribute to your code... I feel like the message here isn't so much a failure to accept failure, but more of an early, total acceptance that they were failing and allowing that insight to stop them wasting more money, rather than holding on for dear life... I used to run a JSAN mirror back in the day - I had thought it was largely defunct :-/ As a Perl programmer for ~ 14 years, CPAN is what keeps you coming back to Perl over and over and over and over again... Well there's that, and the license raj... But then there's also an empowerment issue - or so I have come to believe - which is that non-Western companies are loathe to empower their lower-ranking employees to make decisions of any kind. If I get on the phone to call a bank's customer service centre, and I get put through to an outsource call centre in Dublin or Glasgow I am a HAPPY man. I know the person on the other end of the phone has been given buttons they can press to make my life better. I know that if I explain a situation well enough, and am persuasive enough, that that person probably DOES have the power to change things. If I ring up my airline to beg for a status upgrade because I got 290 points instead of 300 last year, and I am put through to someone in a Western country, I know that they will be empowered to say "OK", and to help me out. If I ring up anywhere, and am put through to India, or Egypt, or Qatar, I know I'm fucked. I know that the person on the other end of the phone is not allowed to make decisions. That they have just a script. That they have not been trusted with the authority to help me out... I like: http://betterexplained.com/articles/how-to-make-a-bookmarkle... as a reference It's interesting what you can do with a questionnaire... Back in the day (a few years ago) I worked as a full-time dating coach. As you can imagine, there was always a credibility gap for potential clients, and one way we'd try and mitigate that was to offer (and to absolutely honour) a complete money-back guarantee - if you didn't get $3,000 worth of value out of your weekend, you could have your money back, just by asking for it. As a coach, with the way the business model set up, even one customer asking for their money back was a financial disaster - there were lots of sunk costs in terms of accommodation and flights. Anyway, through sensible use of a questionnaire, I got my personal refund rate down to literally 0. None of my 600 students (over the timeframe I ran workshops) asked for their money back, and I attribute it to the questionnaire (and our being awesome dating coaches ;-)) The workshops were split in to 5 hours of seminar on each of Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, and 4 hours "in the field" on Friday and Saturday nights. We had to maintain a 3:1 student to instructor ratio, and could sell up to 12 places on the weekend. As a Lead Coach, I was responsible for all of it (and had laid out the cash from my pocket for all of it, too). On both Saturday and Sunday morning, I'd give the students a questionnaire, although Saturday was by far the more important of the two. I'd start by asking them general questions, phrased to get them thinking about the positives: * What's been your favourite aspect so far? * What's been your key learning point so far? * How many girls did you talk to last night? * Describe the best interaction you had last night... * What are you going to try and do differently tonight? (on the Saturday) As Tony Robbins says, the quality of your life is determined by the questions you ask yourself. Students will typically have had a LOT of great experiences, but also a few blow-outs, and a few low points in the evening. What I wanted to do was to focus them on the best aspects of what they'd learned. Our big worry was always that we'd get someone who'd come along, enjoy the program, and then ask for their money back right at the end because they were cheap. Now technically they weren't allowed to do this - the money-back guarantee stipulated that they had to tell us and give us time to fix anything they weren't enjoying. So to me, the crucial questions were then: * Which coach did you work with? * Would you be happy to work with them again tonight? (on the Saturday) Now the coaches were great guys, and what's more, would all go the extra mile for students. Students would run, hide, tell coaches they didn't want to do it anymore, etc, but the coaches would stick with the guys and MAKE them talk to girls. And the students LOVED them for it. By capturing the student's enthusiasm for the coaches in writing, I got two things: Firstly there was an implicit agreement that they were having a good time. And that was good, as long as the student /was/ having a good time. But also it gave us time to spot any problems WELL in advance. Every workshop, one guy out of 12 would have had a not-great time on the first night. Some students and instructors just did not get along, some guys had some really deep-set problems, and needed one-on-one love-bombing. Without the questionnaires (and at first, I was the only Lead Coach using them), these were the guys who asked for refunds. By getting them to answer questionnaires early in to the process, we were able to identify them and take corrective action... Anyway! That's quite a wall of text, so: tl;dr: you can use questionnaires to change the way people think about things, and also to catch problems well before they happen... I agree with the thrust of what you're saying here, although: > TDD won't improve your proficiency Disagree. Knowing that you need to test your code, and going back and testing your old code gives you a real feel for how to split out code, how to write interfaces, and how to organize your objects - at least in Perl and JS, which are the languages I'm proficient in. If you know that your routine that'll be accepting an object might be accepting a mocked up object, you're more likely to resist the temptation to get all molesty with its private methods; if you know you'll spend time trying to drive up the code coverage, you'll be more inclined to abstract and not repeat yourself. Random plug for a book that made me a waaaay better Perl programmer: http://perlmedic.com/ When I lived in Bangkok, I met a couple of interesting people passing through via ASW. And a couple of them, when I told them I was running my own show because I COULD NOT STAND working for other people, and because I'd feel like an abject failure taking a 9-5 for the rest of my life, said that they'd found this was a common theme - People who start out by themselves are often driven by an inability to be satisfied with a 9-5 other than some deeper nobler entreprenurial drive that people seem to fetishize... Here is an extract from an email I sent my cofounder recently, regarding getting external funding, and the martyrdom MUST WORK HARDER AND BOOTSTRAP complex. Seems relevant: "I've been reading a lot about boot-strapped startups recently. My feeling is that we want investment early ... although not too early. I think once we have an active small user base (1-200 users, even), that's when we look to investment for building up the next steps of it. This may not be the idea that makes us rich (although I sincerely think it will be), and I'd rather share the risk (and return) of that with an investor, rather than slaving away on it for three years to find out it doesn't work, just so we can squeeze out an extra percent equity..." https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/ASmallWorld Not mentioned in the article: sell your company to a competitor of the giant who's just realized one of their competitors has entered a new market place, and wants a way to catch up quickly... I feel like you've misunderstood the aim here. It's not /really/ to create a new cycle lane, it's to provide a visual indicator of the presence of a bike in a place where a motorist who has a cyclist in their blind spot will see... Lots of them will provide a very noticeable indicator, and that's good. Actually, almost all of the comments are since it got posted here, and as of right now this second, I don't see it's popular on Reddit... This seems to be an American thing - many Europeans really trust the police. Certainly in the UK I expect police to be helpful, polite, and fair; from everything I've read, that doesn't sound like the case in the US My Dad spent much of his life involved in developing-world water supplies. The class of problems they'd come up against seem to be the prototypical "Westerner Meets World" experiences eg: local priests convincing Brahmins that they'd lose their caste if they drank from newly installed village taps, as they were standing water - the result being that they'd knock the heads off all the taps, destroying the water pressure... What does any of that mean? He was a civil engineer working for DFID, then called ODA "I struggle with keeping timelines that I've set, and then have been late to achieve. I also struggle with communicating just how critical our timelines are to my developers." That's ... wrong. Your developers are unlikely to be missing deadlines because you haven't explained to them how important you think the deadlines are. Developer productivity is rarely linked to how important for the company a goal is perceived to be. Sure, you can squeeze out an extra day a week, once or twice, maybe, by making a big song and dance about deadlines. One of the things I like about Agile, or whatever you wanna call it, is the explicit statement that if something's going to miss a deadline, you can change three things: You can change the amount of resource; you can descope functionality; you can move the deadline. And that's all. As far as I can see from the pictures, people like women more when they smile, and men more when they lose weight. If you're in London, the Taste Card is a good option, although there are only a few 'high-end dining' option available on it... "If you thought the abortion debate was heated, wait until you have people trying to become immortal via the wire. " Misleading. People are against abortion because how else are you going to punish those terrible terrible women for not staying at home and doing what their fathers and brothers tell them?! Here's a Perl implementation: use strict; use warnings; use List::Util qw(reduce); use File::Slurp qw(read_file); sub word_count { reduce { $a->{$b}++; $a } {}, map { split(/\W+/) } map { lc read_file $_ } @_; } I just turned it on on my account now, and I was able to skip the phone number step. I started thinking about this after hearing MtGox talk about how they were 'gradually migrating' users over to a new hashing scheme. Yes, that's exactly what you'd want to do No, but it's fundamentally a lot more fun to program in than Java. Because of the slow initial rollout? Even Orkut did that... Learning Javascript changed my Perl for the ... more fun to write. Possibly better, too. I've started passing around coderefs as arguments to functions a lot more recently, and allowing people who use my APIs to do just that... I've been writing code that allows you to describe a website in data and at a high level recently, and builds you up all the methods you need to interact with it. In general, when people need to provide parameters, I also let them pass in coderefs that can be executed to provide those eg: my $name = ref($args{'form_name'}) eq 'CODE' ? $args{'form_name'}->( $self, @user_options ) : $args{'form_name'}; my $form = $self->mech->form_name( $name ); Also, randomly: I started putting bug bounties on my code on CPAN: http://search.cpan.org/~sargie/Data-Google-Visualization-Dat... This made me more conscientious about what I release ;-) It's a great book! Here's something really cool: ultra-linguist and general bad-ass Sean Burke went through it doing all the examples in ... Javascript! http://interglacial.com/hoj/hoj.html I recently put together a commentary + code on how to upgrade passwords hashed insecurely in your DB without user intervention. This was in response to MtGox talking about "slowly migrating users", which presumably means upgrading passwords at the point of login: https://gist.github.com/1051238 Here is an example: https://gist.github.com/1051238 Why do you think that isn't what this is doing, only with fault tolerance to allow more than one scheme upgrade? This article is /right/. We won't wake up one day and be all "oh shit we ran out of oil". These things work on a gradient, yo. As the market prices in upcoming oil scarcity, so prices will initially rise. The price of oil today prices in future scarcity. As the price gradually increases, other alternatives start to come online from a financial viability perspective. As more money is spent on those alternatives, so economies of scale start to kick on, so new R&D resource is spent on alternatives, so governments jumpy about energy security subsidize, etc. If you want a natural resource to get all paranoid about, in ~20 years, South East Asia will have a 300m person gender imbalance - there will be 300m men who can't find a wife, can't start a family, can't settle down, and can't get laid. I wanna see how the market solves /that/ one. Longer term, yes, absolutely. Also: rising personal wealth tends to sort the problem out too... But, the children who are going to cause this problem have already been born. Takes 14-18 years to grow a girl of marriageable age, depending on where you live... Maybe a sophisticated market in wife futures will emerge. UTC is enough for - as the article suggests - storing a date. Storing a recurring class of dates is - of course - more complicated; but then has anyone ever suggested otherwise? What would you replace it with for storing a single date? Now if you can just tell me the name of your first pet, we're good to go... This article gets angry and anti-Chinese pretty quickly from a fairly balanced start. > Does everything sexual have to be the bastion of men? No, but this was > Does everything sexual at a woman's expense have to be misogynist by implication? Yes. The clue is in the phrase "at a woman's expense". Does everything invoking female sexuality have to be misogynistic? No. > Does everything sexual have to be juvenile? No. But inappropriate sexuality (ie: naming a software library after sexual assault) is juvenile. Only in the hugely unrealistic scenario where doing such a thing suddenly pauses all of his cash-generating assets. Which it doesn't. I did this recently. I ended up using lesscss for the gory details: @space: 10px; @block: 60px; .block-width ( @blocks ) { width: (@block * @blocks) + ((@blocks - 1) * (@space * 2) ); } I consider this to be the canonical piece on grid-based design: http://www.slideshare.net/riomusi/grids-are-good-2593754 My knowledge is probably ~ 7 years out of date here, but back in the day when I worked in AV, labelling and removing spyware was a task fraught with legal issues. AV companies could recognize and trivially remove such a thing - but chose not to, so they didn't get sued by well-monied corporations who got very upset at their "User Metric Software Toolbar blah blah blah" being marked as malware. I wonder if that's the case here. This isn't the first time I've seen someone with experience only of a lower level language get all aflutter when they first make a real attempt at using a higher level languages. At a contracting gig I had, one of the Java guys gave us a talk about Scala. And OH MY GOD SCALA HAS MAPS and OH MY GOD SCALA ALLOWS FUNCTIONAL ITERATION OVER LISTS. It was like his entire relationship to programming had changed, and he had to tell the world. I felt for the guy - he was clearly pretty excited about this - and it must have been like a breath of fresh air for him. The talk didn't go down that well though, as it was to the Perl team... Actually, it's entirely meant to. Your velocity maps points (assumed difficulty) to real time. Once you've done a few tasks - some of which will have involved massive yak shaving - your velocity figure starts to take in to account estimating for unknown problems. Additionally you're meant to estimate in 'points' against other tasks - was this as difficult as x? And never never ever use hours for the estimation. I wonder what the ceaseless appeal of stories like this is. They seem to pop up a LOT. In Perl, for reference: use strict; use warnings; sub counter { my $n = $_[0]; return sub { ++$n } } my $c = counter( 5 ); say $c->(); say $c->(); In Perl you'd be more likely to write: bar($_) for @Foos; There are problems with this. a) What constitutes a 'test framework'? Is Selenium a test framework? Jenkins? What about Test::WWW::Mechanize? What about TAP? What about Test::More? These are all tools that one uses to assemble a test framework; I've rarely seen two projects that could be (or rather should be) tested in the same way. Almost all use a blend of custom parts, off-the-shelf parts, and a bit of glue... b) Not-Invented-Here is a problem, sure. But sometimes you need to build your own stuff because what's out there isn't good enough, and you want to do it your way. What if the guys who created Catalyst or Moose or DBIx::Class or Plack or Dancer had said NO, what's out there is good enough? This would have been so so so much better if it'd stuck at 99% Except contractors - good contractor in the UK makes £300-£600 day programming > The first is that most people with an unsophisticated financial perspective (eg: hair dressers) are not aware of gold Nah. Most people have an unsophisticated financial perspective, including loads of smart people. I have had many, many quite smart people I know (who aren't in finance) tell me about how they're buying gold or silver at the moment. Why? "It's safe and it has real value. You can't eat dollar bills [sic]" These people know what gold is, and have ultra simplistic views on why they should buy it, as well as the means. Anecdotal: Spotify on the Mac doesn't seem like a resource hog at all. Never had it spike the CPU as far as I can see... Running it on a MacBook Air on which I normally have a few Linux VMs open... I say I say I say... use strict; use warnings; use signatures; sub ( $builder ) { return sub ( $n ) { return $builder->($builder)->($n); }; }->( sub ( $recurse ) { return sub ( $n ) { if (0 == $n) { return 1; } else { return $n * $recurse->($recurse)->($n - 1); } }; } )->(5); More from Forbes: http://blogs.forbes.com/edzitron/2011/06/29/planered/ Whut? Listen kids, testing is a tool for HELPING THE DEVELOPER, not for using to engage in a "more pious than thou" dick-swinging my Cucumber is bigger than yours idiocy. Testing is about giving YOU THE DEVELOPER useful and quick feedback about if you're on the right path, and if you've broken something, and for warning people who come after you if they've broken something. It's not an arcane methodology that somehow has some magical "making your code better" side-effect... The whole concept of "test driven development" is hocus, and I speak this as someone who writes a lot of tests, and who charges a lot of money for fixing test suites. Instead: developer-driven testing. Give your developers useful tools for solving problems and supporting themselves, rather than disappearing in to some testing hell where you're doing it a certain way because you're supposed to. It's hocus where contrasted to developer-driven testing, because Test Driven Development - as a development methodology (as opposed to a tool) - espouses that you Write All Your Tests first. Have I had experience (and much value) out of sometimes writing tests for certain problem classes before writing any code? Yes. Changes to existing functionality are often a good candidate. Does TDD as a methodology suggest you should ALWAYS write your tests first? Everything I've read suggests so. And "as any fule kno" [sic], this is idioicy during a design or hacking or greenfield phase of development. Allowing your tests to dictate your code (rather than influence the design of modular code) and to dictate your design because you wrote over-invasive test. tl;dr: Writing tests before code works pretty well in some situations. Test Driven Development, as handed down to us mortals by Agile Testing Experts and other assorted shills, is hocus. Civil Engineers these days (or this is my understanding, anyway) DO use AutoCAD and 'all the fancy computer stuff' because testing allows you to code more productively, when you do it right. That's why engineers these days do automated simulations... At the point where you're writing tests to impress other programmers (see article) about how much of a 'craftsman' you are, you lose. When you're writing tests that help you as a developer, and help get the software out more quickly and with higher quality, then you're doing it right. I think you're narrowing in on the distinction I'm trying to make between a methodology and a tool there; writing tests before you implement a piece of functionality is a useful tool to have in your testing toolbox. Labouring under the idea that Tests Must Come First (and everything I've seen, and everything I /do/ see now suggests that that is the central idea in TDD - you write a test, then you write the code to pass it) without pivoting to see that testing is a useful practice in so much as it helps developers is the wrong approach. Sure, but you write /some/ tests first. And that means, if you want to do it meaningfully, that you either need to zoom down in to tiny bits of functionality first in order to be able to write those tests (see the isPalindrome discussion in the article), or you write a test that requires most of the software to be finished, or you cheat and fudge it. Making tests a central part of the process because they're useful to developers? Awesome. Dictating a workflow to developers that works in some cases as the One True Way: ridiculous. > I can understand it doesn't suit all problems, and can potentially be a hinderance sometimes Then why do it exclusively? Testing is about helping developers, and recognizing that automated testing is about benefit to developers, rather than cargo-culting a workflow and decreeing that one size fits all. Writing tests first as a tool to be deployed where it works is "Developer Driven Testing" - focussing on making the developer more productive by choosing the right tool for the job. Generalizing a bunch of testing rules and saying This Is The One True Way Even When It Isn't (I mean seriously, you continued to use it when it was a hindrance?!) - that's not right. It's funny how only people who've never lived in the Third World ever compare the UK or the US to Third World countries. Doesn't this also mean that someone(s) is betting $1B that the US will NOT lose it's AAA credit rating? A trade needs someone on both ends... The line from Lisp to Ruby should go from Lisp to Perl - all the Lispy features Ruby has - as I understand it - were lifted via Perl... > [I personally think that] the tone of this "list of rules" comes across as rude > I've been around academia for long enough I wonder if these two things are linked. I'd love to receive a list like this from someone I'm meant to be interacting with - it shows me they're serious about the work rather than serious about egos. You couldn't get away with this politically in the Western world without a huge stink, although from a capitalistic point of view, it's the right thing to happen. China in capitalist trail blazing shocker? ;-) I'm in exactly the same boat. I've been doing Perl for 14 years, and never use a REPL. Occasionally I'll hit 'perl -e ""' on the command line, which I guess is a similar idea... All governments, everywhere, suck, but the UK coalition appears to have been sucking less than most recently... I have this pet theory that coalition is always going to be the way forward for the UK. All the mainstream parties have some pretty good ideas, with a few pieces of radical idiocy on the edges. In coalition, parties can drop the radical bullshit parts, while implementing all the sensible ideas they have. Or even your own projects. I have day job, I'm finding a few hours every day to write open-source, and I'm finding a couple of days of extra time a week to work on my startup. Hard work? Yes... But I only see the day job as actual work, and that's only when I'm not working on something interesting. Programming is awesome, especially in Perl :D Step 1: Huh, that's a pretty cool feature Step 2: I bet I could ... Step 3: Quick check of CPAN Step 4: Zounds. http://search.cpan.org/~erwan/Python-Decorator-0.03/lib/Pyth... http://i.imgur.com/nta4G.gif (from SMBC, and I can't find the original :-P) I'm really happy where I'm contracting at the moment, but like to apply for challenging-looking roles. Two big benefits here: a) If somewhere offers you a lot money, you can take that back to your current employer. I've had a 30% payrise from that before on my day rate. b) Slightly bigger companies with big pockets are often hiring 'unofficially'. That means if they know you and like you, they're often willing to employ you. If you've applied for a job, but turned it down while being very very positive about the company, you've got a set of contacts there to email when you current contract doesn't get renewed... I like MJD's quote the best: "Like C without the speed, like Perl without the toolbox" Nothing there is stopping you reading the source. That may be your opinion. I suspect in the UK you might well fall foul of the Computer Misuse act: http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1990/18/section/1 I've sent people links to my CPAN modules before and asked them to critique the code; if they come back with something sensible, that's a good starting point for discussion. > but you know one of the big lessons of a big project is you don't want people that aren't really programmers programming, you'll suffer for it! Take that and shove it up your cross-functional agile team :-D http://www.amazon.com/Self-Discipline-10-Days-Thinking-Doing... http://search.cpan.org/~abigail/Regexp-Common-2011041701/lib... I was coming here to write almost exactly this. Markets are provably not 'instantly' efficient because arbitrage exists. Arbitrage is simply not possible in an efficient market, because it's an exploit of inefficiency. However, exploitation of abitrage (and of knowledge generally) is what makes markets largely efficient. > For customers, Groupon adds almost no value And yet my girlfriend and her friends spend a shit-load of money on items they find on it, because "it's such good value". That's /a/ point. Whenever people start harping on about Market Efficiency, you need to find out "why do you care?". The answer to "Are markets efficient? I have this hot stock tip I read on Tech Crunch" then the answer is yes, because other people have more time, money, expertise and - as you point out - computational power - as well things like preferential data access and physical proximity to the exchange. In our case, we haven't returned. Whenever she gets her hair cut now, she finds somewhere that's on offer, which is a specialization of the bigger point, that she nows uses GroupOn with the expectation that there will be a deal on something she wants... That was my hope too, but it seems to say you need to already be working under an H1B visa. I realize it's rarely this simple, but get a new job if you care. The labour market is a market, and unless you leave, citing whichever of manager incompetence or lack of money is the problem, it won't get fixed because /it doesn't need to be fixed/. I've not found this to be true. I'd like it to be true, but I don't think it is. When I try new programming methodologies, ideas, etc, I often notice a distinct change in how I program and how I think about programming. When I try new life choices (emmigrating to the third world, reading good literature, etc) I grow as a person, but I really can't think of how it's affected my programming. Misplaced martyrdom complex found in people who work hard and ineffectively? You're doing it wrong. > in Bangkok, 20% of 40-44-year old women are not married In Bangkok, 20% of the women you see in couple on streets are part of a woman-woman couple, holding hands - usually one with short hair and a shirt, and one with long hair and a dress - something I've never seen as prevalent anywhere else in the world, and something the locals don't look twice at. Consider charging a day rate. Only you know how many hours it takes you to do a 'day' of work. The client is expecting a certain amount of work done in a day, and is measuring your 'days' against the 'days' offered by shittier programmers. Random: I found out recently that Ruby has no unified test output standard, and that every tool makes up its own o_O Not only this, but there is active resistance to useing something like TAP. > who will complain that testing hurts velocity I know you were being intentionally facetious here, but this does nicely encapsulate "How Project Managers and Developers Fuck Agile". Use of velocity outside of calculating capacity and extra demands being placed on the team is broken; yet I've seen Project Managers terrorize their charges by using it as some kind of fucked-up productivity measurement. For a developer, if your estimates don't include time taken to properly test and develop the user stories, you are lying. You're lying to the business, you're lying to the team, and you're hiding technical debt. As a developer, you get final sign-off on how many points you assign to a story - don't fuck up this 'simple' task :-) > a strait line on a map Pun intentional, right? ;-) Also: no Perl :-/ I suspect the salary is likely to disappoint too. Good, cheap, willing to do your dull CMS job, pick two Obfuscated because it's Perl? Yes, as long as you reconnect every 30 days. Somehow you added two zeros on to your $3,500bn on bank bailouts! In 2009, it looked like the actual cost would be about $350bn, which is a lot, for sure, but literally an order of magnitude less. According to the treasury department, by 2010, projected cost of TARP was $30-50bn. That's /two/ orders of magnitude out. You also handily miss out the multiplier effects of military spending, and act like the government is taking the money and shoving it up the ass of a small animal. In fact, the vast majority is given to US industry and to US citizens. I'm sure if you Google'd you'd find the source I'm looking for who described the US Military as the world's largest welfare system. I love that Perl seems to be used so extensively by biologists. It's still by far the language I find myself most expressive in, and when done right produces wonderfully clean, accessible, and reusable code bases. Until you've had CPAN at your disposal, you haven't lived! (may not be true) They may well be right, but boy does it /feel/ wrong. What if it sucks down bandwidth when I'm on 3G? What if an update breaks something, and I'm in the middle of something that can't be updated? What if an update silently breaks the update process? Hrm! Seems to lay the blame very squarely with The Guardian. You can read the Guardian's rebuttal here: http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/sep/01/unredacted-us-em... Guardian's quote: "Our book about WikiLeaks was published last February. It contained a password, but no details of the location of the files, and we were told it was a temporary password which would expire and be deleted in a matter of hours. "It was a meaningless piece of information to anyone except the person(s) who created the database. "No concerns were expressed when the book was published and if anyone at WikiLeaks had thought this compromised security they have had seven months to remove the files. That they didn't do so clearly shows the problem was not caused by the Guardian's book." From what I've read, I've been given the idea that the files transferred to The Guardian were encrypted for them only - that the password they had worked against that file alone. Presumably (hopefully?) the insurance file uses a different password. I was also under the (perhaps wrong) impression that no-one actually knows what's in the insurance file. Ever since I watched a Java developer at a client give a rabid "Why Scala is OMFG AMAZING!!!!!" talk to a bunch of bemused Perl programmers ("and it has this thing called a map and it has this thing where you can execute some code for each element of a list inline and..."), I've been carrying around the following prejudice, which I'd like to be freed from, so help me out: There are only two types of people who find Scala even vaguely interesting: - Java programmers who have never used another reasonably powerful high-level programming language - Programmers familiar with high-level programming languages who have a need (or want) to target the JVM What am I missing here? OK, interesting. The research I'm doing as I wait for comments suggests that it's the power of Perl with some of the good parts of Java, and without having to lean on Moose to get decent OO... I have an experience just like this. I was telling my (now) cofounder in glorious detail why his list of ideas sucked or required way too much work, and then one of them ... well actually, that one was pretty cool. Now we've built it! It would seem remiss for a story with such a headline to not have a comment that points out that Apple do a pretty good job of being Apple for the blind... Here's just one random article in that vein: http://arstechnica.com/apple/news/2008/09/association-for-th... I'm at work, and so don't really want to watch the video, so I'm going to ask directly: What does this give me over Ocado (or their many many many competitors - I mean, Asda deliver?!), who I order from, and then they deliver? This sounds like it just adds an extra step of my having to show up, rather than just agreeing that I'll be sat at home in my PJs watching Jeremy Kyle at the right time... > One of my biggest pet peeves is when I tell a mom something her son did and she turns, looks at him and asks, "Is that true?" Well, of course it's true. I'd almost certainly ask my son that. Seems like a good way to get them talking about the issue, and hear any mitigating factors they might consider. A teacher who took that as a me questioning their authority ... grow up and deal with it. They also only last until the company hits a certain size, and someone starts taking 4 months of holiday a year, because they can. In countries where you can't easily be fired, anyway. Most stupid HR policies come about from an employee abusing the system. Come in before 9:30! No sick pay! etc etc Design Patterns are names given to ways of doing things, so that programmers can talk about the same things. Any time you forget that, or start using phrases like 'Anti-Pattern', you lose (unless you're an expensive consultant, then you're about to get paid!). This appears to be the current forefront of Java development methodology (based purely on what I've read on HN). Your example at the end - you should go in to less detail about the number of combinations, and more in to how it's easy for a computer to check the right answer has been reached. Why is this being downvoted? Looks informative to me, unless it's just plain wrong? Am I missing something? And yet, DBIx::Class (and Class::DBI before that) daily make my life easier over large, complex applications. The reason I use it is not because I was told to by someone, but because it was a better way of doing what I'd find myself doing in every bit of DB code I wrote anyway - abstracting the data layer. DBIC does this in a predictable way that I know most other Perl programmers will also understand. So I'm sorry your ORM failed you. But there's no way in hell I'd ever go near your codebase if you're shying off them in favour of raw SQL, but also because talking about things as being 'anti-patterns' is ... urgh. You lose the cool points for not using a regex, I'm afraid. The most interesting part of this for me is that the flexibility in how this works has allowed several other system to be built upon it... Unrelated: when the US had its difficult moment recently, someone on my Twitter feed pointed out that "Now all the AAA countries have free universal health care!" Market forces can't be /destroyed/. Market forces just /are/. These forces don't always lead to market efficiency (which is called market failure), which I think is what you're thinking of. Most often, market intervention leads to unexpected consequences, as people have a great deal of trouble predicting the effects of market forces. The government deciding by fiat how much something should cost is more likely to lead to removal of consumer surplus, rather than a race to the bottom, if the government maintains competition amongst its suppliers. If you know you're competing on product quality at a certain price point - rather than on price - you'll likely be motivated to produce the best product possible at a price point that maintains normal profit. That's what I think anyway, but as I've already said, it's remarkably difficult to predict how market forces will play out. I do note, however, that most of the developed world gets significantly better health outcomes for significantly less outlay than the US. This suggests massive market failure in the US health market. This may be because while the US market is in theory a free market, in practice, it's anything but - it's an oligopoly with absolutely massive barriers to entry and no end of government interference. Hopefully something for you to consider! What exactly is this meant to be the solution to? That some random blogger missed the transition from Startup News to Hacker News? What do you think flagging does? Why are you so special that the current voting system should be changed to fit your preferences? > while it would be unethical to take on all this debt specifically with the purposes of squandering it Actually, in the UK, if they can prove it, it's illegal . Be surprised if that wasn't the same in the West. Hey, thanks for your comments. Perhaps I should have made more of that in the article. Specifically, I find TDD to be completely unsuitable for any process where you're not 100% wedded to what the result needs to look like at the outset. Writing tests first is great for - for example - writing a regression test for a bug you've found. Or for adding a small piece of well-defined functionality to an existing interface. But that's writing tests first in a specific instance, not Test-Driven Development, which is ALWAYS writing tests first. Writing tests first falls down as soon as your ideas on what needs to be implemented may change as implementation progresses. You find yourself reluctant to change your interface or implementation because dang-it, the test said it should work that way, and now you don't want to change the test. Or you wrote a test for a simple piece of sub-functionality, and then it turns out that relied on an architecture you don't want to use and ... And if you're not a senior dev with a bucket load of experience, you're unlikely at that point to want to go back and change things. Automated testing is the raison d'être of the whole blog. TDD is a methodology that also involves automated testing. If you're going to call it flame-bait, could you expand on some of your ideas or address some of the points made in the article? "Posted by Peter Sergeant at 02:30" And perhaps I didn't make my points clearly enough in the article; I was really trying to differentiate between the Test-Driven Development dogma as a panacea for all development problems ever, and developers writing tests first where it makes sense to do that. I'll be honest and say the article started with the most inane troll about people who run their own mail servers and have beards, and was quickly changed when I realized people weren't reading beyond that ;-) Clearly my sense of humour needs work! I appreciate the article may be a little polemic for some tastes, but you know, I have often had my mind changed in this way before. I've read something deliberately somewhat provocative, which enraged me briefly, but got me thinking, and a week later, I realized had gotten me thinking enough that I'd started to come around to a different perspective. Thanks for the feedback. The next article planned is a detailed discussion of how to retro-fit an automated test-suite to a web-app that doesn't already have one. Thanks again for taking the time to share your comments. I feel that some of the comments on this thread already illustrate some people believe TDD to be The One True Way, and reception elsewhere too. I've been bored to tears (and annoyed) when clients I'm working with have bought in training consultants who frame TDD as The Only Way Forward. It's certainly possible that I've got some kind of selection bias going on here, but I really believe that most times I see mentions of TDD, I see it mentioned in the context of "YOU MUST DO EVERYTHING LIKE THIS". I tried hard to make a real distinction between "Writing Tests First" as a tool, and "Test-Driven Development" as an all-encompassing philosophy in the article. I actually have a separate article sketched out about design by contract, too. Hopefully as I write more I'll get better at articulating my points better! Because I teach people how to write tests effectively, and run in to this TDD silver bullet bullshit over and over :-) > Android phones are overtaking iPhones I can attest that HN and Reddit Programming readership use iDevices at twice the rate they use Android devices, based on a sample size of 30,000 this weekend. This didn't surprise me in the least. The people I know who use Android are either the people who can't afford iPhones (and kick up a huge fuss about paying for any content) or people who love tinkering with them. Long live Perl! Let's hope we managed the porting of CPAN to Perl 6 sensibly. People complaining about Perl being ugly is a bit like people complaining that clay is ugly. Yes, you can build tremendously ugly Perl, but you can also build code of breath-taking beauty, combining the best parts of functional programming and OO... Author here... I once started a contract at a company where I was working with a permie on this hugely popular site running off the God-awful blogging software. Everything was a fire that had to be put out RIGHT NOW. And there were two of us. Coworker had earned himself a reputation for being unhelpful and unproductive. This was partly because he had sociopathically bad communication skills and hated people, but he actually worked hard, and productively. But everyone thought he was lazy and didn't get shit done. Essentially his workflow was: work on a task. Someone comes and says "DROP EVERYTHING, YOU NEED TO ADD A WIDGET TO THE BLOG NOW". So he would start on that, and 3 hours later, someone would come to him and say DROP EVERYTHING. And three weeks later, he'd struggle to explain why he hadn't done much of it. So we (well, I) split the work in to Stories. We estimated them, and stuck them up on the wall behind us. We found someone who was meant to be the Product Owner. Whenever anyone came to ask us anything, I'd intercept them from talking to the coworker, ask them for details on the task, estimate it, and put all this on a card. I'd then call over the Product Owner, and with the Requestor, we'd put it on the Story Board. Suddenly items weren't /that/ important any more. With the opportunity cost suddenly marked out, many things found themselves inserted far below the current task being worked on. We'd burn down time against each task. We could tell you where we'd spent our time, and also, we could tell you what we'd achieved recently. Essentially then, with a very small amount of overhead (like learning these terms ;-)) we suddenly had a system for prioritization and accountability. I did very little programming in the six weeks I was there - the productivity gains we saw - both real and perceived - made it look like there were 5 of me working fulltime. 7 Habits gets a lot of flak - I really really enjoyed it and got a lot from it. Explain yourself, or you're just another irritating "my language is better than yours" troll. > final approval of Jobs I have a blog article brewing on this, but for now: what drove Apple was Steve Jobs' /taste/ and that others believed in his taste. The first time Tim Cook presents a computer with a major feature missing - ie: no CD drive or no floppy drive, the audience will think he's crazy, and will think it's proof that the company can no longer work without Steve-o. It wasn't the coming up with new ideas that drove Apple. It was a single man knowing which of those ideas were good, and which were bad, and people having enough faith in him to go with it, and seriously consider and get behind the ones that other executives would have labelled crazy-sauce. > something Jobs would take out did take out. That was the point. Unrelated, but part of a bunch of work my startup is doing is creating a set of new data sources around media coverage of big listed companies. At the moment, we produce all the data retrospectively, but we could do it in real-time(ish). We think there's a strong chance that much of this information is tradeable, but we're very very busy doing the work that we sell to customers. Anyone got any good ideas on how we go shopping for a customer for this data, given that we have no time? For some clients, we have many many data sources that aren't available publically(ish - we create the data from publically available data) going back several years for the marketing departments of some huge clients. Presumably we need a quant who we trust with some time on their hands to play with it... The data is derived from publically available data. Also: we happily assume most professions get more experienced and more effective the longer they've been doing their job. Do we really want to kick out national leadership just as they're getting in to the swing of it? Perhaps, but it's far from clear cut I have this theory, see, about the delays. The longer the delays have gone on, the more the Greek government has had to actually implement austerity measures - the more political capital those who want to see austerity and proper financial liberalization have had to force those through... So by the time some breathing room has been introduced, Greek society has undergone the necessary but painful changes towards a better long-term solution. > He is going to go into a secret trial, and possibly just disappear Ironically, had his defense been able to show any of that was vaguely true, he probably would have been able to resist the extradition request. Also: http://www.freemars.org/jeff/planets/Luna/Luna2c.png There seem to be an infinite number of parallels between 'the game' and networking in general. I worked for 4 years as a full-time dating coach, and many years before that trying to get my game up to scratch, and the benefits in contacts, in rapport building, in sales arenas, in any area where I need to present, are immeasurable. > What happens in that situation is a few people make all the money and the rest don't. Or alternatively the economic force of competition kicks in and these goods become virtually free above the cost of the machinery and raw goods. Actually, he arrived there by split-testing different names for his book on Google. Four Hour just happened to be the catchiest. Actually, I'm doing this for my SUPER SECRET startup at the moment. Originally the front-end would just send the back-end the whole HTML of a user's page when they executed the browser plugin, and the back-end would intercept it and knock it up in Perl. Wasn't sure how well that was going to scale, and was worried people would get weird about sending the entire contents of the page they're on - I have a 90% working solution now where it's all done in-browser, with a bunch of classes I've been working on with a node.js set of testing tools I'm using something I think someone here referred me to called Ghostery... http://www.ghostery.com/ I'm a complete cowboy, and would probably write something like: http://pastebin.com/mvjTG9XG Edit: spot where I missed a comma :-P Sure. Where's the dbh coming from in this example though? And how do I get it out again nicely to print the SQL to the command line? http://xrl.us/flatmasking Terrible example because no-one actually gives a shit, where it's pretty clear some people - with money to spend - do give a shit about the devil. I think some fundies would have a problem with it specifically because it's cutesy - I remember reading people being anti Harry Potter because it trivialized what they saw as black, satanic magic The Pound (GB, rather than Syrian) is doing just fine - almost no-one can borrow as cheaply as the UK can, and inflation is a little too high, but that's factored in to the price. The UK also still maintains an AAA rating, and unlike much of the other European AAAs, isn't on credit watch either. The UK economy isn't growing so well, and we won't have eliminated the structural benefit as soon as they'd have liked, but ain't nothing wrong the Pound. Also note that in both the UK and the US, it is the nominally non-political central bank that controls the printing of money, not the government. This tends to give investors more confidence. Are you confusing the wider UK economy and the GBP? As with all economics, anyone suggesting they know with any certainty at all how something is going to turn out is trying to separate you from your money ;-) The Economist has a pretty good article this week looking at just this: http://www.economist.com/node/21541021 - I'm not sure if the full text is available to non-subscribers. Their opinion seems to be that the austerity plan was basically right, but it could now be loosened a little to encourage growth. "to keep the Russians out, the Americans in, and the Germans down" No wait, that was NATO... > This is the crucial flaw in the article's argument. The UK government is monetarily sovereign, and therefore always able to service its debt. That pretty much destroys the article's argument in favor of austerity. This is almost true technically, but not true how it matters. In order to service "unserviceable" debt, they need to cause inflation. Expected inflation gets priced in to bond yields, and inflating your way out debt ends up being not very useful if you will then need to go back to the money markets at some point in the future. But actually, your central point is also not quite true: the UK government is NOT monetarily sovereign - in theory anyway - because it's the BOE who sets the money supply in practice. And it's for this reason that they have an inflationary target. Can the government intervene? Almost certainly. Will this further fuck market confidence and drive up bond yields? Yes. Do you get to a point where no-one will buy government bonds in GBP rather than USD? Absolutely. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perl#Name | Yes. The picture is even more stark when you look at Japan, where the government has more than 200% debt/GDP, but pays record low interest on bonds. Monetary sovereignty matters. Well, sorta. A big reason Japan has such great rates on bonds is that they mostly sell them to Japanese people and institutions, and there's some weird nationalistic stuff going on there... > (not trying to bash Perl, but it's hardly the most relevant language to web development today) What on earth does that /mean/? What would make a language relevant? Would it be a huge community writing and releasing code every day? ( http://search.cpan.org/recent ) Would it be lots of conferences? ( http://lanyrd.com/topics/perl/past/ ) Would it be sexy startups using it? ( http://duckduckgo.com/ , http://selectablemedia.com/ ) So...? Well, given the earth is only 6,000 years old... At my house, we have a "no computer programmers talking about economics". One of the biggest problems of the Eurozone is the inability for governments to inflate their money-supply. Also you just described bitcoin. I think the key issue is that there's something about computer programmers that makes them think they already understand economics. I'm not sure what. Maybe that it seems like it should be self evident because "it's just numbers" or something. And yet, some of the facile comments you read and hear and I will cut the fingers off the next person who tells me we should go back to the gold standard, because at least gold has a value... Well exactly. Let them use whatever the hell they want. Either they'll be right (and have a useful credit rating score) or they'll be wrong, and lose custom to other banks. That's how a market works. You have no God-given right to credit. You have access to as much credit as someone wants to offer you, and they compete each other such that the rates you get offered reflect the market-thinking of normal profit (as compared to super-normal profits) + default costs. This, kids, is the other reason we use Perl. Have you tried mousing over the pixels? Either I've grown up a whole lot in the last two years (possible), or the influx of new Redditors from ... well, everywhere ... pretty much killed the appeal the place had for me. It lost its exclusive feel, and now a 'Redditor' is just any random American college kid. It's HN that I check when I wake up or when I'm bored now - comments here are likely to be things I want to read. I used to travel a lot for work. My "Master Packing List", has meant I no longer find myself meeting clients without, say, a belt, or socks, or laptop charger, etc. I was mildly surprised at the lack of cynicism here about the Iranian claims on HN. This article then comes as no surprise I hear the world's tiniest violin playing for a country that consistently attracts the world's brightest and most entrepreneurial people from other countries. With a population density that starts off small before you even consider that almost all of the entire country is habitable... You're right. It's just math. You just don't understand that math. Oh God Yes. When I first started to use JS, I loved it. Having recently done some hardcore development in it, I realized everything I loved about it was the freedom it gave you ... which is what I loved about Perl. Then the reality of: weird type coercians; the cesspit that is npm; weird OO (rich from a Perl programmer, I know); no Moose (although I hear Joose is coming along); no DBIx::Class; wtf is up with the scoping; etc etc etc... became too much. I use JS now if I need to write a client-side app. For any other purpose ... why bother? Can you explain how you get from an alleged action of an individual to "their culture is incredibly broken"? For it to be 'stupid', you imply there's not a reasonable assumption on her part that she can't get a bit drunk around people without being assaulted. If you were at a party where you didn't know everyone, and had had a couple of beers, and someone beat the living shit out of you in the toilet and stole your wallet, have you been stupid? I'm assuming you don't think you've been stupid in that situation, so what's the difference? So I think in there is the crux of this, which is that she (and I, and apparently lots of other commentators) don't equate a bit of flirting and a short skirt while slightly inebriated with getting yourself "ass-drunk at a party and leaving for home on foot through a very bad neighborhood" in terms of inherent risk. And if tech conferences really do consistently provide that sort of risk profile, there is something deeply wrong going on. Webmonkey. HTML/CSS/Java A lady has a deeply unpleasant encounter with some some jackass, and also notices that in an industry which is mostly men, you get some creeps putting together sexist things like the "sexiest women in technology". But: what's the relationship with this to technology conferences, other than: you're going to meet a lot of men? What's the take-away here for the tech industry? What does she want us to /do/ about this? Can you expand on why? * Update: Specifically for you, rather than in the wider sense; how does Exchange make /your/ life easier? I met a guy at a party recently, and after some discussion it transpired that he was a Perl developer, and he and his partner sold a Perl-based product they'd been building for 10 years. And yet ... there was no involvement in the Perl community. No Moose, no Catalyst, no DBIx::Class, no Plack. Almost puts me in mind to discussions of GNU/Linux. How much of a user's experience is the GNU tools, and how much the Linux kernel and layout? When I say I'm a Perl programmer, Perl the language is fun and expressive, and I enjoy using it, but what makes it suitable for large, difficult problems as well as quick hacks is CPAN. Maybe we should stop talking about Perl, and start talking about CPAN/Perl? Calling it URI.js is a bit namespace-squatty, no? Also, calling everything after the ? the search is a little weird. I used http://code.google.com/p/jsuri/ to build it up on PlaceSteal. What I would do for JSAN to be all it could have been :-/ One of the things I found building up the PlaceSteal magical library was I needed an actual build/compilation step for turning the various external Javascript libraries I had in to one that would happily go through the Google compiler. This included a whole bunch of hand-added patches for - for example - moving object-key specification in to one of dot notation or []notation. There were also a bunch of random patches to make things do what I wanted them to do, that didn't seem to be easily done via subclassing or poking around on the insides. I'm pretty worried about the consequences when I have to upgrade one of the constituent libraries. We've worked our asses off on this. Feedback, please! Wait, what? Didn't we fix this in Perl forever (8 years) ago? Didn't everyone else fix it at the same time? http://www.cs.rice.edu/~scrosby/hash/CrosbyWallach_UsenixSec... How is any modern programming language still vulnerable to this?! > Business people who don’t understand this make the mistake of emphasizing mechanistic metrics like the number of hours in the office and the number of bugs fixed per week. And yet a good 30-50% of all employed programmers I've met aggressively waste time, and given the opportunity to be lazy will be super super lazy. I don't think this is a trait you can pick up in an interview. So how do you deal with that if you give your programmers ultimate freedom? I guess in the US you can just fire them... When /did/ it represent anything of importance? > I am fairly certain I never saw a permissions dialog to a lot of these sites. Really? There's nothing on mine I didn't explicitly give permissions to, but then, once I add something that looks interesting, I explicitly go back and remove it again right then so I don't forget... Anyone else find absolutely no surprises here? I guess I am just anal about denying things access unless they need it... Mixergy looks good - can anyone comment on if it is? I wonder if this will lead to more restrictive contracts. I joined a gym a while ago that made me commit to a year's membership by taking out a loan for buying a year's pass. This was suboptimal for me because it showed up on my credit report and ran a credit check, but perfect for them because there was no easy way for me to weasel out of my contract, and they could simply pass the debt over to a credit-collection agency if I stopped paying. I wonder if we'll see mobile phone contracts that come with a phone being treated the same way if the phone has to be sold unlocked. I don't feel like there's any gap there. The Redditor is talking about a specific trap that some people who've been told from a young age that they're smart fall in to, at different ages. The trap involves - mostly - having not been challenged previously, and not knowing how to work through things that don't come easily. When I was a kid, I spent 6 years at a school in Barbados, and some time at a school in Thailand, where I was unambiguously the smartest kid in the class, with the top grades, always. Then at 10 I went to the UK's largest prep school. I was behind in Latin, French, and a bunch of other subjects - especially those which required any rote learning (which I hadn't come across up to that point). The transition to a school with /much/ better teaching saw me become a distinctly mediocre student almost straight away - faced with challenges, and faced with not being able to simply smart my way to the top of the class, I started rejecting work wholesale - something that stayed with me throughout the rest of my formal education, and led to me getting some truly shitty A-Level grades, to the disgust of teachers who saw much greater potential there. Hard work and talent are both important, and so is the ability to encounter and handle challenge. If you grew up in an environment where you were coasting at the top, the first time you encounter serious challenge you might well fall apart. I've recently started an MSc at what Americans would call an Ivy-League university (having talked my way without an undegrad degree), and the first module I'm working with is "Software Engineering Mathematics". Working through the chapters of the book I have consistently had real trouble getting to grips with the material. I want it to just fit in straight away - and I just want to understand it - and it doesn't, and that's a constant challenge. Being a little older, and a little more mature, I'm throwing everything I have against it now, and seeing real dividends for perseverance. But every day is a struggle of fighting against the part of me that doesn't know how to deal with challenge, and I put that down to the sudden transition from coasting to the top to sudden massive challenge, and having not dealt well with it at the time - which it sounds like the very very original poster was also struggling with. > "Most people looking for jobs don't deserve them." I don't know about that, but my experience suggests that most CVs you get for a job interview will be unsuitable. > I feel that the only way I can advance my current position is by getting other job offers, but I don't want to be that guy. I don't understand that. Who is /that guy/ and why don't you want to be him? I've heard this point before, and you know, not only do I vehemently disagree with it, I also think it's massive cognitive dissonance. People are brought up told that discussing money is taboo, and rationalize that. > force his employer's hand by pulling a > purely market-driven, antagonistic style Doesn't it strike you as odd that you've made those statements so emotionally laden? > It really would be great if businesses could treat their employees like friends, and not just resources. I think that would be dreadful. I want a company to treat me as a resource, and to realize that as a resource, they'll get the most out of me if they keep me happy. I would like the company to be acutely aware of how much I am worth, how much I cost, and what my options are, and to be happy that they're getting good value by employing me. Programmers spend so long convincing themselves they're scientists, but for some reason (and maybe it's because economics is such a weak science) this all completely goes out the window as soon as money is involved. I think it's weak-sauce for a programmer to be jumping around chasing a few bucks here and there, but if you're being undervalued, do something about it, rather than complaining that life is unfair, and that the company should be looking after you. And I say this as a bleeding-heart pinkie limey leftie liberal who actually worked at The Guardian once. > Tax law Oh come on. Tax law where? Are we all on the West Coast? UK tax law, at least, allows it if you don't fall under IR35. I'm glad you've done this, because I'd have wasted a few hours on it I didn't have otherwise :-) I use Wellwood Hoyle associates, as do a few UK tech companies you've probably heard of (but it's not my info to post)... I've never met the guy, but I send him 90 quid a month, and he takes care of my somewhat complicated Ltd company expenses. Highly recommended. That's a terrible idea. If you're living above the poverty line, the tax breaks for being a limited company are huge, and will pay for the overheads of accountants very quickly. The problem with any community like this is that the community organizers are encouraged to over-invite once the cachet has been achieved. FWIW I've been trying to subvert ASW by inviting the biggest computer geeks I can find on to it. These are certainly options - and what's more, I think we have the ideas and ability to really take this somewhere. What we have absolutely none of - at the moment - is time. We certainly aren't throwing in the towel, but being that we have a valuable asset that will take our competitors a shit-load of time and mental energy to replicate, we think it's worth exploring if we can just sell them that... Our Design/Technology teachers took a similar approach - we had a checklist of "How to get 100% in your coursework by ticking the boxes" parts to rush through, and then a real focus on building something cool and learning DT properly. Again, a private school. Sell a premium version of the app, premium model of limited addresses unless you upgrade, targetted advertising. But most of all: we'd like to get acquired by a service that can monetize a geolocation social networking site. > Forgot to mention my own personal white whale. Google's geocoder is far from perfect, but it's the best I've seen Lulz wht? Google's Geocoder is by far the suckiest of any of the ones I evaluated. I'd highly recommend Bing or Yahoo before Google's geocoder. I would be curious to know how it gets years of experience so wrong. No, the reason it's not a sanctioned Google business process - amongst any other number of reasons - but the one that is important is that there is NO GOOGLE SIZED REVENUE in scamming small Kenyan businesses, and there is a huge huge PR downside. Whether it's the work of rogue employees or a third party, we'll see. The first thing that jumped out at me was that the table has been taken, unattributed, from The Economist - very distinctive visual style. Shame on you, Andrew Dumont. CPAN equivalent: https://metacpan.org/module/Plack::Middleware::InteractiveDe... No, the author's complaint is that he gets a better service as a 'pirate' than as a paying customer, which is backwards. And this is the reason that I as a Mac fanboi still don't have an iPad. However, I have no trouble reading the Kindle on my iPhone when I forget my real Kindle, leading me to believe I'm going to enjoy reading on an iPad 3, a lot, especially NYT and The Economist, which suck on Kindles. I dunno man. I spend a Sunday a month just cooking a shit-ton of food and freezing it. Fish curry, chicken soup, chili, beef burgers... It is such a damn relief to come home after a long day and just have healthy, tasty food ready to go after 5 minutes of zapping it. I dunno, I've found I can make it work with progress. I get up at 6am, generally do 30 minutes of waking up admin (usually with an Anki/SuperMemo session thrown in), and then try and get a good two hours of work in, before heading to the day job. You can't do this if you're not willing to go to bed early and eat well, too, though. And if you're still drinking alcohol during the week ... well, you have too much free time :-) I find a heavy workout at lunch time keeps me going after lunch. What amazed me most about the OP was he updates his todos ... while watching TV? And squeezes his reading time for that? How do you find time to cook healthy food? See friends? Spend quality time with the girlfriend? Watching TV isn't inherently bad, but if you're doing it regularly, you've got waaay too much free time. I wrote a similar article not too long ago: http://www.writemoretests.com/2011/09/test-driven-developmen... Been doing this since January 1st. It's awesome. Try it. I quit drinking Jan 1st, and commented about that on Facebook. A friend messaged me and told me she'd done just the same, but was explicitly not telling people to avoid judgemental comments. Judgemental comments? lolwhut? But any time recently people have seen I don't drink, everyone has an opinion. And 90% of those opinions are long-winded justifications on why it's ok the other person drinks. Drinking in moderation won't kill you. Very occasionally people suggest that there are even medicinal purposes. But: life gets better without alcohol. I went out for my birthday party last night, and we had an awesome night of drunk karaoke, only, I wasn't drinking. I had a load of fun, sang like an idiot in to the microphone with my friends, and got home safe, having spent almost no cash. Giving up drinking for me was like giving up smoking before it: I really realized I could just no longer justify doing it. Ever. It's a literal poison, and the idea that you can't bond, have fun, and have crazy nights without it is all bullshit. Well, given the response, presumably they won't be pardoning any of them...? Martin Luther founded the movement that led to the modern British church as we know it, so I'm not sure what you think the UK government convicted him of? In the case that you're confusing Martin Luther, and Martin Luther King, MLK was also not convicted by the British government of anything, and as this is a British government policy, I'm a little curious as to what relevance you feel this has on the discussion at hand... It's more complicated than that, but you could do worse than start with: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protestant_Reformation I was speaking to a guy yesterday who's having real trouble finding himself an iOS developer. When I asked him how much he's looking to pay, he said "I don't like people who think about money". Shocking, shocking I tell you, that he still hasn't found his developer yet. If you enjoyed this, you might enjoy an article I wrote: http://www.writemoretests.com/2011/09/agile-scrum-delivering... I've been using Catalyst for years now, for everything from AMQ Consumers which run warehouses to data analytics tools, to simple front-ends. Mojolicious looks promising, Dancer looks ... well, it does what it says it does, even if I don't see much point in that :-) Being Perl, there are a gazillion plugins for doing what you need that are well tested, and well documented, on the CPAN: https://metacpan.org/search?q=Catalyst Template Toolkit is used almost exclusively for templating, although being Perl, there's lots of ways to do it (including Mason, which is a bit more PHP-esque). DBIx::Class is the mature and most widely used DB interface, and seems to interface nicely with almost anything: https://metacpan.org/search?q=distribution:DBIx-Class+DBIx::... All frameworks (ish) play nicely with Plack, which is a straight rip-off of Rack, but of course being Perl, there are a gazillion well-documented, well-tested, and sensibly installable plugins for it: https://metacpan.org/search?q=plack%3A%3Amiddleware And then there's Moose, which provides a sane interface to the mind-boggling flexibility of the Perl object-system 'hack': https://metacpan.org/module/Moose Programming in Perl on the web has never been as fun as it is today, and you'll find mst (who's a member here) was a lynchpin in most of the projects that made that true. People talk about Perl being a glue language, and that's absolutely right: with CPAN, it's the ultimate mashup tool when you need it to be. It supports functional programming, Moose has made OO with it awesome, and it has a testing culture second to none. (mst, and of course kraih, who I note posted the OP) Performance issues with TT? Yowza... I am assuming you're using the XS version, helping it cache, have used a profiler to confirm that's really where it is etc. You must be serving a dramatic amount of dynamic traffic! > JAROSLAV FLEGR IS NO KOOK FUNNY HE SURE LOOKS LIKE ONE I used to just start poking around in it. Now I combine putting the reference manual in to Anki (although any Spaced Learning System should work) while I do it. This way you remember and learn all the edge cases, so they're there right in your head as you're learning to flow program it. 12 characters long ... you'll be waiting a while to brute force that one, I'd have thought... I also sell my services by the day, having screwed around with 'projects' for far too long. You need customer trust in order to do this, and that's often hard won, but until a customer sees your time as valuable, expect them to unload lots of extra unpaid-for work (ie: poorly thought out features) on to you. And in 131 characters of Perl: https://gist.github.com/1803656 What do I win? Actually, what I /really/ won was the happy feeling I got from abusing $a and $b even though it runs under strict. Brute force is the only metric, unless you are able to guarantee some constraint on the password. I can check for common words first, and even for a single letter repeated, but ... why would I search for three different random characters early on in the brute-force, in preference to any other? I think you misunderstand the relationship between password complexity, size of character set, and length. Consider: Permutations = Charset size length A 12 character password composed of just lowercase a-z is two orders of magnitude harder to crack than an 8 character one with lots of special characters in. That'll be the same reason Americans don't elect a Juris Doctor who was President of the Harvard Law Review, right? Plenty of other countries have had memorable scientist leaders. The article itself opens with a picture of Merkel, and then of course, there's Thatcher... And most of the Chinese Communist Party Glitterati are engineers. Great summary. This is also why the "end of football" is most likely to be "transition of American Football to something that looks more like Rugby". The article says: > the NFL keeps changing its rules, but it turns out that less than concussion levels of constant head contact still produce CTE Sure, but that's not true, because eventually, they'll reinvent rugby. Or they could change the rules a bit to be like Aussie-Rules or Rugby, which doesn't have this problem... Hard hits are also glorified in rugby (or were where I played it), but you hard hit someone's legs with your shoulder. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7J-q6vCeus I also thought this, but it's not true! American Football was always this violent, even before the pads. They managed to kill 19 (NINETEEN) people playing it in 1905, well before the helmets came in (1939ish, although: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_football_helmet ). > And because of this woeful state of our public markets Wait, what? He spends a couple of paragraphs decrying liquidity in markets, and then calls this a bad thing. I've had a couple of articles hit both. r/programming is a traffic machine because it has a huge readership, not many articles, so stuff sticks around for ages. I think www.writemoretests.com is blacklisted at r/programming though, which is a shame. Either I asked coworkers to upvote my stories too frequently, or someone took offense to my articles. Meh. GetClicky makes this data /bitch/ to extract. I'm afraid I can only give aggregate from two stories in September, both of which hit both frontpages. Chrome: 45.5% Firefox: 30% Mobile: 15% Safari: 5% IE: 2.8% Opera: 2% ... and one visitor allegedly on a PS3. I'd love any feedback from anyone who has managed to make changes in how they estimate at work as a developer; too often the whole estimation process is decreed from the top downwards, and developers get too little say in improving project-level working practices. I felt like I addressed this under "Velocity"; have another look, and if you think I didn't explain it well, I'll give it another crack. Except in the UK where it's prescription-only, and marked with a little "harmful triangle" in the reference guide Doctors use :-/ I ended up getting some from a site called Doctor Fox which claims to be legit NHS. >> Every site that uses JSONP is deliberately exploiting a loophole to circumvent privacy controls. > How so? ... JSONP is a workaround for Single-Origin-Policy That's how so. Having worked with a whole bunch of NLPers, the striking and consistent theme is how little success people practicing NLP actually seem to bring in to their lives. I've even been to one or two live NLP seminars, and the people you meet there really are the dregs of polite society. Everyone is looking for a quick fix, and yet most people have been taking the NLP kool-aid for three or four years, and excitedly talk about all the conferences they've been to... I knew a tall, good-looking, confident, and succesful guy, who claimed that his success with women came down to him hypnotising them. But I also knew a whole bunch of seriously weird guys whose lack of success with women was a probably a direct result of their thinking it was posible to hypnotise women in to bed... I worked as a dating coach fulltime for ~ 4 years, and all that stuff seemed pretty unsavoury. The idea that you could memorize a few lines and trick some woman back to your house by manipulating her spoke strongly to the worst kind of thought processes in people, in an industry otherwise notable for its commitment to personal growth. Funnily enough, it was learning Javascript that made my Perl use a lot more higher-order functions, so when it came to Haskell, I was already on that page... Why? > If you're savvy enough to make full disk encryption work The option's right there under File Vault in System Preferences... :-P The reinvention is to feature exclusively pictures of attractive female employees? I'm not sure that's what he's saying; I for one find my open source contributions decrease when I'm doing work I find fulfilling during the hours of 9-5... > You don't publish 5 million emails and hint that there is material in there that could take down governments. Unless you want to crowd-source analysis of them. Then you do, it seems. There's something a little terrifying about this, which I can't quite place. What's it a parody of? 37 for everyone who's ever lived (+30% more people)... and for the future? I dunno, how long do you want to go? 2 x... However, 33 bits is a simplification. You can express 8.5 billion different values with 33 bits, but unless those 33 values map to well-distributed discriminators, the number is meaningless... > Ever notice how real banks don't do that https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3656063 Fining someone £30 for an 'overdraft' that they didn't want, because you've explicitly set up the functionality to allow that to happen is predatory. The idea that that 'funds' free banking for other people - rather than being money gouging - is naive at best. > if you don't want to piss away your money you will not get an iPad 3 if you own an iPad 2 I don't want to piss away my money, but that Retina display is what I'm after. I sold my iPad when I bought an iPhone because the display was just too damn ugly in comparison... I am excited about the iPad 3 for just this reason. This really is the biggest non-story of all time, being that virtually no-one actually lives in the City, and the decisions that the Corporation make relate mostly to boring municipal stuff. I stopped reading Reddit about the time the entirety of r/uk was threatening to occupy twitter or something about this. Please don't bring it here too. > The only software jobs in the UK that approach the US in salary terms are in the City. You can find considerably more interesting contract work outside the City that pays the same as a salaried role in the City - worth considering if you don't mind a little uncertainty, don't want to work overtime, and want to be able to switch around whenever things get dull... I always used to use JobServe, which allows you to search for contract roles specifically. Also tell recruiters you're interested in contract roles. $12.50 revenue per email sent? Am I being overly cynical, or is that a little unrealistic? http://www.theregister.co.uk/2010/02/22/manufacturing_figure... -- seems relevant I could really resist a Perl version, sorry https://gist.github.com/2023260 Wearing a suite is something I'd pay to watch. This has retarded any progress of mine toward learning Python. Every so often the urge strikes me, and then I remember that I want to learn Python 3, and then I remember that means no Django, and I tend to go and learn something more fun and less practical... That's interesting and informative, thanks. The list you've given looks like a good start - is there a definitive list you'd recommend anywhere? People ... don't have tests? o_O In 2012? I am seriously considering putting together a "Software Engineering for Small Teams" course or set of articles. With a little bit of expertise, you can inject testing in to most projects, use the minimum of Agile that'll help, and generally massively raise your game - and by that I mean code faster, better, and more reliably, with considerably less stress. (edited: turns out I forgot which year we're in :-P) Well, there's `all` and there's virtually all. All is 100% branch and statement coverage, and is a big waste of time. When I saw my codebase has 'all' functionality tested, I mean we don't commit code without tests included too. I think that's a pretty reasonable definition. Those are fair points all, and I feel cover similar ground to an article of mine: http://www.writemoretests.com/2011/09/test-driven-developmen... I'm always amazed by how well the whole 'technical debt' analogy holds up. Yes, leveraged development at the beginning is fast, and sometimes a good idea for getting to MVP. But the cost is still there, and will become apparent, and needs dealing with. Who's talking about adding all? My area of expertise is adding tests to legacy codebases. Obviously you're not going to hit the whole thing overnight. But that's no excuse for not having /any/ This is topical for me right now, and apologies in advance that I'm going to link back again to my blog at the end of this comment... I've been thinking recently about how important it is to dominate your tools. Use git regularly? Then learn the shit out of it. Learn how it works in side and out. Over the last few days I've been committing the entirety of http://book.git-scm.com/ to memory, and many little inefficiencies I never knew were there are now gone. Committing stuff like this to memory is easy and fun: http://www.writemoretests.com/2012/02/how-to-remember-everyt... > In the end this is not good for the web, because it’s just too bloody much data What does that even mean? > By you asking the question you have already earned the interviewee's contempt An interviewee who holds me in contempt for asking them a question? They're probably not really suited to working with grownups. You're right! Getting defensive in job interviews is a cracking idea. Job interviews are a perfect example of two-way rapport-building conversation, and should be therefore treated as a battle-field, thrust and counter thrust, until you finally defeat your interviewer in intellectual combat, emerging victorious, pious, and ... uh ... without a job. > The criticism is not about the working conditions per se, but rather that the western companies knowingly hand-pick nations with the worst-off working conditions because it cheapens their productive chain You could also flip this 'fact' around, and present it as: Western companies knowingly hand-pick nations with the biggest need for the investment they're providing. But in both cases, you'd be missing the point that the money is just going where it gets the biggest return, and that that trumps most other concerns. Just ignoring for a moment that you've linked to a four year old article whose lack of a tabulated summary of its data borders sociopathic... The same article says the cost of labour in Bangladesh is: $0.23... I suspect there's lower to be found for those willing to keep the clicking. Yes...? http://boi.gov.bd/key-sectors/electronics This seems relevant: http://www.ted.com/talks/kevin_slavin_how_algorithms_shape_o... It's a talk about how physical geography is being shaped by HFT... The best thing about Mikko Hyppönen is no-one can spell his name the same way twice (including him - the rock and roll umlaut comes and goes). This makes him an absolutely awesome case for detecting people by name in text corpuses. Once you've solved it for Mikko, most other Western names present little in the way of issues. > why I don't make testing into a religion but pick a time and a place to add the tests Quite. Testing is great. "Test Driven Development" where expensive Agile Consultants who haven't written code in ten years tell teams they always have to write tests first for everything is bullshit: http://xrl.us/bmebj3 When I worked as a dating coach, one of the most common mental tics we had to work to get out of students was an obsession about being "in the right". This manifested in all sorts of ways that would totally kill social interactions: correcting a girl on some factual detail in some story she was telling; saying hateful things to girls to "reject them first" at the first sense that she might not be totally interested; not being willing to take chances in social interactions; a complete unwillingness to touch girls, ever, for any reason; and most importantly, an inability to HAVE FUN. The above is fact; my conjecture about /why/ (which possibly isn't) was that often these guys had been battered about mentally and socially by people, and their mental refuge for their self image was the "correctness high-ground". Anyway: - If you want to live a life full of "being right" and not having much fun, these rules look excellent. - If you are unable to discern between eating great food from time to time and total all-out gluttony, if you follow these rules you will avoid gluttony. The same applies to most of the others (avoid pleasure for pleasure's sake?! Get a grip) - If you get a geek boner at the idea of being a samurai, print these out and put these above your bed There are many, many great spiritual books encapsulating the small amount of good advice in this list, but really the above is a recipe for navel-gazing piety. Going to excesses of gluttony or austerity are for the mentally weak, rather than winning life philosophies. Please understand that I am answering this from experience - four years working as a full-time dating coach - rather than as what "should happen": The answer is the first, and also, the second guy is kidding himself. If you want to be an awesome confident guy that gets women, be an awesome confident guy that gets women. If you're seeking to define yourself by Living Like A Samurai, you have a weak model of self, and need to learn that life happens in shades of grey, rather than in absolutes. > A lot of this can be interpreted as a way to shun yourself from the world and not face reality. But can't anyone do that with anything helpful? There are lots of texts on rising above worldly pleasures, and some are very good. I'm a particular fan of Ekhart Tolle's work, and I enjoyed the Tibetan Book of Living and Dying... The Tao of Pooh, and the Te of Piglet got me through a difficult adolescence. As with any idea, though, simplifying it too far tends to lose important subtleties. The mental austerity mentioned in the original post is likely to strike a resonant chord with many men who wished they had better self-control, and who wished they were acting with more general agency in their life. Men are complete suckers for certain ideals of manhood, certain archetypes that are well presented. If this is something that interests you, I can strongly recommend the books Iron John by Robert Bly, King Warrior Magician Lover by Robert Moore, and the excellent Way of The Superior Man by David Deida. I find this quote by Alan Watts particularly poignant, and perhaps an antidote to the original post: "We thought of life by analogy with a journey, a pilgrimage, which had a serious purpose at the end and the thing was to get to that end, success or whatever it is, maybe heaven after you’re dead. But we missed the point the whole way along. It was a musical thing and you were supposed to sing or to dance while the music was being played." ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERbvKrH-GC4 ) I see you guys are in geolocation. I have some interesting client-side code for identification and cleaning of Postal addresses in HTML (runs in the browser or backed). If you might be interested in discussing, drop me a mail! The thrust of this article seems to be that Scrum is designed to work in the real world, rather than in a made up utopia the author admits doesn't exist. Great. This is your opportunity to educate us all then, bub. What are the health implications of eating manufactured vs real food? Start with: What constitutes 'manufactured' vs 'real'. Draw a line in the sand here. Is pasta 'manufactured'? What about cornflakes? Quorn? What is the Quorn is labelled as 'Organic'? How about a hamburger made with steak mince? What about if it's steak and tendon mix? What about if bone meal is added? Where's the line? Having established this, move on to well established science - peer-reviewed papers in reputable journals. We want to hear from your research on those health implications. Is a steak-meat burger more dangerous for you than one from bone meal due to red-meat carcinogen factors? Or is there something else at work there? What in the 'manufacture' of food is problematic? Mislabeling? Mechanical treatment? Additives (which?)? Thanks in advance! You are implying that there is a health angle to be covered in eating 'meat' made from tofu and friends, which is far from clear. This is a terrible, polemic and content-free post. Please stop submitting stuff like this. > Anyone that says you can follow some process to ensure success I'm going to argue this on both of its implications. Firstly: Agile is not about ensuring success. It's about greatly increasing the chances of success, and minimizing failure from fallout. No amount of process will rescue you from truly dreadful technical team, but so what? Plenty of processes will almost guarantee failure with the best tech team and will in the world. I'm going to go for the assumption that you knew that already, though, and are attacking the idea that a management-related solution can help in the solving of technical-related problems. Take a look at a modern hospital, and you will see layer upon layer of 'management' solutions to support medical problems. Prescriptions are checked by the doctor, checked by the pharmacist, and then checked by the nurse. Do hospitals throw these rules away with sufficiently good doctors? No. Do hospitals do this because they think their doctors are shit? No. Agile can be a highly effective management solution for supporting technical development. I know this because it has been for me, on many occasions, with many different teams, in many different settings. I've also seen it badly implemented to the point where it's an impediment to teams, but ... so what? That's a risk with any process. I think trying to read more in to this than "there are many cylindrical and spherical items in this world of ours" is reaching a little... Which is weird - the whole strength of RECAPTCHA comes the examples being ones that computers have specifically failed to solve... 6 months ago, there were 250 million iOS devices had been sold - that's iOS only, no Macs. I make that one for every 28 human beings on this planet. What number would tip this so that you considered Apple devices to be common? Your understanding of this issue is simplistic. Consider: https://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/01/magazine/tara-parker-pope... I am hesitant to post this, because from experience, smart people frequently misread or misunderstand it, but: The easiest first-step solution is just to check the HTTP Referer field, and check it matches your domain. Yes, this is easily faked by someone crafting their own HTTP requests. This is /not/ easily faked by someone causing your browser to make requests, though. And it provides very good coverage against the attack here. This was exactly the example I was going to post. If Jim Carrey can pull an amazing dramatic performance out of nowhere, I don't see why Ashton can't. I learned maths by attending: http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/softeng/subjects/SEM.html Which is open to anybody willing to pay ~$2k for a week and get their ass to Oxford - you don't need to be enrolled as a student. If you don't have that kind of money to spend (or can't get to Oxford), the course is essentially the first few chapters of: http://www.usingz.com/ which is available for free. Maybe I'm way off the mark here, but calling a function that's iterating towards a target string doesn't really feel like a genetic algorithm. If you know the exact output already, you aren't really testing 'fitness' in any meaningful sense - you're testing closeness. Why not just use A* to path-find your way to it? Genetic algorithms are surely meant for iterating towards a goal you can't define, other than fitness towards a certain set of criteria - if you know what the target looks like, what's the point in iterating towards it, rather than just going at it? I think what I'm trying to say is: if your fitness function contains the solution, then your problem is entirely contrived, and not a good illustration of genetic algorithms - you're just using a very round-about way of calculating something you already knew, inefficiently. The issue being that the manager who needs the work delivered is often not one empowered to get more resource on board. I thought the main peril was that the beards of the programmers would get caught on things... I like this Larry Wall quote: "By policy, LISP has never really catered to mere mortals. And, of course, mere mortals have never really forgiven LISP for not catering to them." I say this as someone who's prototyped several things in Scheme before porting this to other languages. Uh, your testimonial contains an image of this lady: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-2124246/Samantha-B... Is this a joke? Congrats to Gabor. It's taken the Perl community far too long to realize that as much fun, and as powerful as the language is when you're competent with it, getting to that level can be a minefield: there's so, so much bad example Perl online, and the community can be pretty unfriendly to beginners who are doing things the old way. Gabor's been laying down lots of great content aimed at beginners, done the right way. Remind me again why attending Oxford or Cambridge is: - Bad - In any damn way related to this discussion Minus 2? Explain yourself. Also: every idiot marketer in the company would be trying to pull off some annoying stunt to get marketing value from it. Scrum attempts to solve many of these problems, rather than just labelling them: http://www.writemoretests.com/2012/02/estimating-like-an-adu... I think that was sort of the point; with credible economic backing, some types of crime are civil matters for the courts. Without them, those same crimes are criminal mafia pirating conspiracy wow. If you: Write a technical blog Contribute to open source projects Attend user groups in your spare time Mostly only read books about coding and productivity Push to GitHub while sitting on the toilet Are committed to maximum awesomeness at all times, or would have us believe it Much of this applies to me, and applies to me because I love programming. If you don't love programming, I am unlikely to ever respect you as a programmer. Doubly so if you confuse loving programming with being at the beck and call of a given employer, or confuse loving programming with what hours you spend in the workplace. The 5:01 article it links to is insightful, though. > Logging to ascii means that the standard unix tools work out of the box with your log files. Oh Perl, you came, and you gave without taking... https://github.com/rcaputo/app-pipefilter How did that end? Coursera, edX, and Udacity. First one to award real degree credit per course wins, I suspect. The Open University already offers this, so it can be done. If you get bored of The Open University courses, I've been enjoying to Oxford Software Engineering MSc (which doesn't require an undergrad degree)... For the Compiler course on Coursera (which I'm also doing), I found http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/softeng/subjects/SEM.html (which you can do just by itself if you like) invaluable Perhaps worth pointing out is that the author has spent some time in prison, which doesn't appear to be explicitly mentioned there. Tangental random thought: I wonder if you could reconstruct a high-quality 3D concert from combining multiple pieces of low quality cell phone video taken by fans... > * People will hate me for saying this but I'm here to offer honest advice: prefer almost any modern language to PHP or Perl. I don't know what to tell you other than that PHP and Perl apps fare worse on security assessments than everything else. If you're talking about copying and pasting formmail.php or .cgi from somewhere on the internet, sure. Beyond that, what exactly is the issue with Perl? Where are the security issues with Dancer? Catalyst? DBIx::Class? If your web application is opening and closing files based on user input, without checking them first, you have bigger issues. Blaming this on the language seems bizarre. > Suppose that you know the source contains this line Then you have a massive damn problem, and you could set up the same strawman about almost any language - if you're starting from the premise that you are piping arbitrary user input to a system call unimpeded, all bets are off. Shall we try some other examples? Let's say you accept input from a user, and dump it unchecked in to output shown to the user via Ruby. OH NOES! Ruby is insecure because it supports CSRF! Or, let's say you use Python and pass in input from a user unimpeded straight to the database without using the quoting mechanisms! OH NOES! Python is insecure because it enables SQL injections! etc etc etc But wait! you say... Sensible programming languages have specific features to stop these kinds of attacks! And you're right. That's why Perl has taint mode... for when you're dumb enough to pass user input straight to open: http://perldoc.perl.org/perlsec.html#Taint-mode But you haven't said /why/, or given any examples, other than "Look! Perl! Security!", where other posters on this exact thread have shown a trend for Perl to have security holes fixed first. If it's a hunch, or a gut feeling, or a prejudice, just say so. Otherwise, add content. Everyone else's job looks easy to people who don't understand the intricacies of it (as you've identified). If you're bitching about how a non-technical cofounder is easily replaced, you probably don't understand what they (are meant to) do. So quit bitching, move somewhere nice, and teach yourself how to program. I tried to find similar figures for the UK, but could not. Best I could find was: "From 1990 to 2011, police shot dead 53 people" > http://www.wsws.org/articles/2011/dec2011/riot-d27.shtml http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/publications/about-us/non-perso... Suggests that police in England and Wales discharge firearms in ~ 6 incidents a year. (updated: UK -> England and Wales) Also routinely armed: police in Northern Ireland. > disarming someone with a knife is usually easy > you have the option to shoot him in the head, heart, stomach all of which are usually quite lethal OR you can hit the leg, knee, shoulder, arm You've been reading too much Martial Arts Wow literature. Taking a knife off someone is highly likely to get you cut, badly. Police don't aim for 'non lethal' parts of the body, because if you're using the gun, your life is being threatened, and you are using deadly force already - trying to hit anything other than the torso under these conditions (especially if the target is moving, or any real distance away) while your heart is pounding and your hands are shaking is very very difficult. > If comedians are allowed to crack nigger jokes and my fat momma jokes, then why can't they crack shut up bitch jokes? If a comedian at a Dell event had used the word 'nigger' in almost any joke context, someone would have been fired. > [hardware fragmentation is] exactly the fragmentation the consumer wants Based on what? This is far from clear to me. Users have flocked to a device with Just One Form Factor (iPhone), and its biggest competitor - Galaxy SII - is almost identical in this regard. Users have some choice, yes. Users /want/ that choice ... much less clear. Yes, I saw it happen in one to one chat last night. It was super useful, as the person on the other end was on a flakey connection... Sounds like quite the opposite. If I sent you a message, and saw there was no read receipt, I'll assume you haven't logged in. Without it, I assume you read it and didn't reply... I may well be trying to do something similar in a year, so I look forward to seeing how you do! Good luck. Yes. I'm too lazy to write code, so CPAN means I just pick the pieces I need and glue them together with Perl. I'm not sure what 110 Ghash/sec means. Can someone give me an idea of: at current Bitcoin currency conversion rates, what return per hour should you expect from this? I think I'm right to say this will drop off as the potential number of Bitcoin dwindles (although I don't know the mechanics)... I wonder how long until this thing pays for itself, assuming Bitcoin value stays roughly constant What makes HN great is - simply - the culture. This is partly due to the people. If as a community we continue to stamp the culture on to newcomers, it has a good few years left in it. If its popularity grows at such a clip that the culture is lost, it becomes Reddit. Putting your Myers-Briggs personality type in your CV suggests to me that you probably believe in horoscopes, too. At the very least, you think it's relevant somehow and reflects positively on you (or why would you include it?). It's twee, self-indulgent, and pseudo-science - I want more from my developers. You put this much better than I did. The risk I see with hiring someone who lists their MBTI on their CV so prominently is that one day I'm going to ask them to do something, or work with someone, or communicate in a certain way about something, and they'll claim they can't or won't, based on that. If you're always defining yourself in terms of your competition, you're usually playing catchup. Had I said "all people are the same and think the same way", this would be an interesting and almost appropriate response. As an answer to "putting your MBTI result on your CV like it's relevant and you think it offers some kind of insight is bad", it's a little weird. Could you explain how these relate to the Meyer-Briggs test? > Anecdotally accurate? Check. Has a reasonable model? Check. To the former part: horoscopes are also anecdotally accurate, and hence the comparison. Good horoscopes and other forms of cold reading are specifically designed to offer people given situations they can relate to: "sometimes you feel like you're the life and soul of the party, but it's interesting, because you represent a contradiction - there are times when really you just want to be alone" (source: I just made that up)... Compare and contrast to: "As an INTP, your primary mode of living is focused internally, where you deal with things rationally and logically. Your secondary mode is external, where you take things in primarily via your intuition." (source: first line of first result for INTP on Google) You mean ... INTPs are sometimes rational and logic, and sometimes intuitive? ;-) To the latter part: the model is a big part of the problem. It polarizes personality traits that are necessarily context-dependent, mood-influenced, and exist on a scale in to binary Yes/No. If you're not Introverted, you're Extraverted. Not: "you're in the middle, and occasionally tend to one or the other" - simply: "you are x". I'm a Perl weenie through and through, and I ask myself this every time I start a new project, because I know one reason I turn to Perl each time is because I am /fluent/. Hiring Perl developers is hard, Perl has some ugly bits, and it's far from 'cool', however: DBIx::Class, Moose, Catalyst, Template Toolkit - these are a joy to work with. People seem to be just ok that they have Rails, bitch about Active Record, and honestly, just don't seem to love their tools. TAP-based testing is awesome sauce. Ruby gets this so wrong with all tools checking return values of scripts + the occasional hacked together jUnit outputter. Even the testing tools stolen from Ruby (like Test::BDD::Cucumber (which I may have written)) use TAP and Perl's testing tools all the way down. Finally: there's CPAN. It Just Works. I started off a Perl dev, and use of any other language's package system has just made me sad face. If you're in Europe, the following companies always seem to be growing their (already large) Perl teams: http://www.net-a-porter.com/ http://www.lovefilm.com/ http://www.photobox.co.uk/ http://www.booking.com/ Send me a CV and I can make sure it gets to the right people. Only solution I found (after trying almost everything else) was installing AntiRSI/WorkRave. They are intensely irritating, forcing you to stop typing every three minutes. But, you get used to it, and, it saved my wrists. If I am ever arrested for anything, I hope to make it in to the British, Australian, NZ, or Canadian legal systems. It's a stated tenet of most justice systems, but in the US even the justice system is politicized (elected public prosecutors?!), and everything politics touches becomes politics. He didn't even suggest it was sugar-free. The sugary stuff is presumably even worse for you (and in my experience: addictive) Took me forever to find this, but: https://plus.google.com/112493031290529814667/posts/LvhVwngP... Were you hitting it more than once every 30 seconds? Why do they need to have been the first investor? Either I know far more philosophy and formal logic than I thought (unlikely), or that was some of the most facile content I've read to date... The interviewee has to write a map plugin once, and he knew there were going to be business requirements, because he also knows philosophy and has heard of this thing called propositions... uh? Am I missing something profound here? Yep. Here is a treatment of that: https://gist.github.com/1051238 > except that it generally uses something like iCloud or Dropbox to sync the passwords, so there's still a single point of failure No. This is the strength of two-factor authentication, something you know, and something you have. If someone gets your 1Password keyfile, it's useless without your decrypting password. Oh look, you just invented array slices! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Array_slicing Do you really think of Perl as an obscure language? Here's a worked example of a similar technique I wrote up ages ago: https://gist.github.com/1051238 > I thought Android was still the major platform An iOS device has been sold for every 20 people currently on planet earth... Obviously the distribution is a little skewed ;-) But still, it's a staggering number. The Android numbers where Android has sold a gabazillion more units than Apple always seem a bit fishy to me, based on what I see around me. Luckily, we can see what people are actually using, actually for real: http://gs.statcounter.com/#mobile_os-ww-monthly-201105-20120... We launched http://www.placesteal.com/ - an app for pushing postal addresses from the browser to your phone - and no-one really cared :-) Trying to find the time to open-source the JS part for extracting addresses from DOMs... For the love of God, please switch off "mobile enhanced" versions of your blog. You can't pan around to view the tables because that switches to another article, complete with sparkly transition > It's not as if anything Apple did was truly original (suit on), they are great finishers https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_true_Scotsman If you think spammers have trouble getting their hands on real email addresses, you don't really understand spam. ... wealthy people? You mean: technical contacts at large corporations, I think. They sound perfect for sending ... well, sending what to? 419 scams? > I think modern art is I think what you are describing is "art I don't really see the merit of". Modern art - as understood by most people - encompasses Van Gough through Matisse, Hockney through Warhol. Is the work of Dali an "allergic reaction"? How about Roy Lichtenstein? How about Jackson Pollock? How about Tracey Emin? Where do you draw the line here? If you draw the line at the point where you stop seeing the artistic merit, and if you start defining art from that purely subjective view point, you're surely missing out. What about artists who fall just past the line where you see the artistic merit? Is it possible you just don't understand that work? Will you start to define art as purely mechanical skill? If not, where will you define it? I leave you with: https://xkcd.com/793/ That's an interesting and excellent question, strawman though it is. The thread you're replying to is an exploration of "Can you distinguish between art and non-art purely via the subjective merit and appreciation of the result?". But the question you're (really) asking is: "Given an attempt to define art, can that definition be widened to include everything, rendering it useless?" I'm using a browser extension called HTTPS Everywhere, as a direct result of Firesheep. I will note purely that CPAN has quite a lot of similar modules categorizing authors by several attributes, most notably country of origin. From that perspective, it's very easy to believe the author acted entirely in good faith and from a non-creepy perspective, without having to invoke the idea that it's some kind of sexual/stalking thing. It's also not unusual in at least one of those countries (Thailand) to go to a shopping mall and give your phone to someone who'll install a gazillion apps on it for you. > Currying is the process of converting a function of arity n into a nested set of functions with arity 1, i.e. making it partially applicable If a reader knows what the words in the description mean, then presumably they know what currying is... Wouldn't it be better to have documentation that illuminated, rather than showed off your grasp of programming terms? Also it seems a bit weird to have 'any' and 'filter' without having 'first'. It sounds like you're describing the difference between contracting and freelancing - the former where you work somewhat-like an employee for a fixed amount of time, and the latter where you take on projects for a certain price. Having done them both, contracting was infinitely more pleasant. When you're freelancing, it's really easy for the "I'm working" and "I'm not working" time to blur, and very easy to lose work/life boundaries. In addition, dealing with non-regular clients can be a royal PITA. At my current client, I did! I went from 5 days to 3 days a week, split pretty much how I wanted. I've since gone back to 5 days, thinking that I might as well earn all I can from the contract before it's up, as I like the work and it's a good rate This particular limitation of MySQL hit me HARD HARD HARD circa 2008 when I tried to use some of that upside down text you find online as test data, and just couldn't work out why I was getting data corruption. Luckily Perl's Unicode support is fantastic, and saved my ass Oooh, oooh, I know this one! Next up: - Why are the army the only people allowed guns?! - Why are doctors the only ones who can prescribe medicine?! - Why do we let the police have sirens on their cars, but I can't get one on mine?! Alcohol Simple Perl solution, using string/numeric coercion. Don't think there's anything here you couldn't do in C. Uses a 30-item lookup table. I've made it round, rather than adding precision logic for recurring 3s... https://gist.github.com/3206885 For the "fails on certain edge cases" link, I'd have rather they'd linked to SelfGol ( https://www.socialtext.net/perl5/selfgol ) I had half a design prepped that allowed a similar thing using bitcoin wallets - in order to buy space on the system, you have to have a bitcoin in a wallet, and use the comment on the commit of the bitcoin to the wallet to sign the piece of data... Maybe to succeed as a woman in a male-dominated environment like banking, you need to have high testosterone... The most popular article on my blog is called "How To Estimate Like an Adult": http://www.writemoretests.com/2012/02/how-to-estimate-like-a... Estimation is a skill, like any other part of learning to be a good software engineer. People shouldn't be making excuses for their poor estimation skills after ten years of experience... > Why not start at 8 or 9, or even earlier? Do they still think that young children wont get it? My wife teaches kids around that age in a UK state school, and they teach some kind of combined science in the curriculum - there was a whole sequence on 'forces', which to me sounds like physics... I was at a private primary school, and did a qualification at 13 called Common Entrance, which we prepared for from 9, which examined chemistry, biology, and physics separately (although we were taught chemistry and physics in the same classes). So in answer to your question: I think (in the UK at least), they start combined sciences early I think (and have argued: http://xrl.us/bmeqcm ) that the problem with most development teams - Agile or not - is that the people who are on point to make the deadlines (the Project Manager and/or Product Owner) usually don't have the agency to increase resources or move deadlines - they normally just have the ability to bully programmers and decrease software quality (pressure on tests and documentation) I've been doing this since 30th March, as I worried I was potentially becoming pre-diabetic. Biggest learning point was: yep, sugar is addictive. I've lost quite a lot of weight in that time, and feel like I have a lot more control over my eating in general. I've not been being too precious about fruit, I just don't eat much. This NYTimes article as probably the other big motivator: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/04/17/magazine/mag-17Sugar-t.htm... We turn print-media (and online, and broadcast) articles in to detailed data, allowing them to stalk journalists and check their PR team are doing a good job: http://www.investor-dynamics.com/ ...? Yes, Visa offer debit clearing as well as credit-card clearing. As do Mastercard (Maestro). How switching to a debit card would help, I'm not sure, unless it was a Visa debit ... and in which case, how's that different? http://www.gizmag.com/volvo-s60-pedestrian-safety-system/135... We're not meant to post comments like this on HN, but I also enjoyed the post, so please continue to write and post stuff like this. One of the strengths of HN's ranking system appears to be that story downvotes are pretty limited, so that stories that appeal to just 10% of readers can be aired too - don't take it to heart. As a kid, I used to make intercontinental flights frequently as an unaccompanied minor ... maybe 6-8 a year between the ages of 8 and 16? Airlines make this all OK by offering an Unaccompanied Minor service where where a member of aircrew is responsible for the kids, the kids need to be deposited (and signed for) at both ends of the flight, etc... In this case, the airline screwed up, but the concept is pretty straight forward... NECK BEARD VS NECK BEARD (this article appears to have no practical implications) This is very pretty, but I've never met a modal dialogue box on the web that wasn't incredibly irritating and could have been done better in the interface itself. 20 years ago, Clinton "didn't inhale" at college. Obama did coke, and it wasn't a big deal. Also he's black. Acceptability changes based on what voters consider to be normal. My understanding is that it's a little more nuanced than that: that the UK believes it has the right to withdraw the diplomatic status of the building used for the Ecuadorian embassy. Ecuadorian diplomats would continue to have diplomatic protection, presumably would be given long notice of the requirement to vacate the embassy, and move goods from it... but Mr Assange would not have any of that protection. I'm not sure which part of the Vienna Convention you think this would violate? > The world would be horrified at the UK, and their embassies worldwide would be physically threatened almost instantaneously Funny you should mention Tehran, given that the Iranians recently stormed the British embassy there, and ... the world didn't end! They can't - he'd have to enter the country on a diplomatic passport. And the UK can refuse diplomatic visas to whomever they want. > I think the UK is working on a technicality Sure, but so are the Ecuadors - Diplomatic Immunity wasn't set up to allow embassies to offer temporary asylum for non-national fugitives :-) > They could do this, but should they do this? The UK risks it's ties with Ecuador to get Mr. Assange And Ecuador risks its ties by not giving him up, not to mention millions of pounds of development aid the UK gives them. These things are historically quietly resolved outside of the limelight. Sending this letter is just putting pressure on the Ecuadors ... they'll eventually give him up, and magically the EU's development budget for Ecuador increases in the next year... > The next move will be the British's move because Mr. Assange doesn't have to leave the embassy. He could stay there the rest of his life and do pretty well. I think you're mistaken there. In six months time, if he's still there, he'll quietly become a bargaining chip, and one day the Ecuadors will announce that "new evidence has come to light", and he'll be handed over, and some Ecuador-originated bill at the UN will have British support a few months later... It would be highly unusual for any Ecuadoreans to be living in the embassy, given that the UK is a stable, safe, and nominally friendly country. Perhaps it's one of the few non-US ones where that's true, but I doubt it. "Blocking supplies" is a weird concept for a building where and of the non-Assange residents can simply exit the building, walk 20m to the nearest Tesco, and return with 4 bags of vegetables and microwave dinners... Also relevant, from Wikipedia: "Although most persons with diplomatic immunity carry diplomatic passports, having a diplomatic passport is not the equivalent of having diplomatic immunity. A grant of diplomatic status, a privilege of which is diplomatic immunity, has to come from the government of the country in relation to which diplomatic status is claimed. Also, having a diplomatic passport does not mean visa-free travel. A holder of a diplomatic passport must obtain a non-diplomatic visa when traveling to a country where he is not currently nor is going to be accredited as a diplomat, if visas are required to nationals of his country." More frequently, I hear of UK embassies not offering full diplomatic protection to their non-political staff in foreign countries. If you're sending someone from your Tourism Board to the British embassy in Thailand, you simply don't want the hassle of having to specifically revoke his diplomatic privilege when he shows up in Pattaya with a dead hooker, where you're happy to give them diplomatic car plates so the traffic police don't try and get 500THB from them for speeding... I assume this is an international trend, rather than something the Brits thought up. The UK law they mention is the one about revoking the diplomatic state of land. Explicitly the idea seems to be to stop the land being diplomatic, meaning the Vienna convention not violated Nice editorializing. But yes: I would expect the Met Police to not let off someone they want to arrest just because they're hiding in an embassy, and further to sanction that embassy if they let a non-diplomatic person take refuge there. Presumably you have not the slightest whiff of evidence to prove otherwise. Your data shows the increase in HFQ relative to much lesser increase in HFT well, but neither of the links I followed to why HFQ is bad gave me much of an idea, other than "it's extra network traffic". And yet Tata are a huge, well-known international. If they say they have an air-powered car, they have an air-powered car. This isn't just some dude in their garage. > It may not survive to deep packet inspection I'd love to hear about your plans for "deep packet inspection" on SSL packets... > your only S3 machine could get blacklisted I thought the whole reason the original article was suggesting S3 was so that you could just spin up a random Micro instance, with a new IP address. Which headers do you believe are sent in the clear over https? Anec-data: with no other changes to the amount I work out (a lot), how much alcohol I drink (I don't), or really the amount of food I eat (6 small meals a day), weight just started falling off when I stopped eating sugar in the form of cakes, candy, and donuts. Also my skin cleared up, and my eyes stopped being shot. My (far from proven) theory is that refined sugar in enough quantity to give you a slight buzz is the almost sole factor in weight gain in many individuals. I ate until I was no longer hungry, just not sugar. Did I eat fewer calories? Almost certainly. Did I go hungry, or feel like I was eating less? Not at all... No sugar from soda... I've drunk diet soda as long as I can remember. My belief is that anything with significant sugar in is highly addictive; I've got a very very addictive personality, and have never felt remotely addicted to soda, but have also only ever drunk diet soda. Also: glucose helps self discipline. More anecdata, from me and my wife: losing weight is easier in periods of reduced exercise (although we're both in excellent shape normally). My suspicion: heavy exercise gives you a hunger response in excess of the calories you've burned. That said, I've been told your basal metabolic rate goes up with the more muscle you have. This closely matches my experience. You don't even have to be too precious about it though: I'll still put half a teaspoon of sugar on my (sugar-free) cereal in the morning, and I don't feel I'm hurting myself... I got married a few months back, and decided to eat sugar again from the day before the wedding until the end of the honeymoon. One week in to the honeymoon I'd noticeably gained weight, so cut it out again for the second week ... and ended up only half a kilo heavier at the end. There is a massive difference in the ability to satiate of fat and protein vs sugar. I used to really tightly regulate everything I ate, and stuck to that as a bit of a crutch, and like you would gain it all back when I stopped. Since I've stopped allowing myself any candy (or candy-like things), I've been able to be pretty chilled out about what else I eat... Also: I weigh myself every day, and plot it, which helps me get back on track if I'm starting to creep up, and need to eat just a little less ... buy some really good ear plugs? It's not perfect, but it's pretty good if you buy good quality ones and stick them in deep enough ... I bought some noise canceling headphones a while back, and started wearing them in the office even when I didn't have music coming through them. The world became a quieter, gentler place when they were on, and it was good. Don't see a mention of it there, but by far the biggest thing that helped me (after getting a reasonable keyboard) was software that stopped me typing (AntiRSI for Mac, WorkRave for everything else). It is by far the most annoying software imagineable, but saved my career, and is worth considering. The idolisation of _why is just plain weird. I wrote an article on SRS as well, with some reference to using it for geeky coding things: http://www.writemoretests.com/2012/02/how-to-remember-everyt... Next up ... an online effort to promote `Real`, not Twilight/50 Shades of Grey, relationships ... I never realised Imperial was so high up. Among some people, it's seen as where you go if you fail to get in to Oxbridge. (are we done dick-waving now?) [citation needed] Just a random plug for an open source library I wrote, as I know there are a lot of you doing geolocation enabled apps: http://www.zipripjs.com/ Seconded. 11" MB Air feels just as portable as my iPad. That said, the author seems to be getting positive effects from using exclusively remote tools... Like you, I see draw backs. I don't want to use vim as my primary editor, and I hate that I can't have tabs loading in the background in the web browser, or can't be on Skype while doing something else... 30 seconds Googlin': http://www.hypershop.com/HyperJuice-External-Battery-for-Mac... I wonder how heavy it is... I carry a similar item for my iPad and iPhone in my day bag by default, as my iPhone has some battery issues. Can't comment from a working perspective, but Istanbul - as with all of Turkey I've been to - is awesome (and I've lived in a bunch of places). All the exotic of North Africa filled with people who are honest, decent, friendly, and won't harass you. If I get myself mobile again, Turkey is top on my list of places to spend 3-6 months. Did I mention the food is great? I'd be interested if you find other alternatives - I'm sure they're out there! :-) I guess weight / charge time is the biggest variable http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Cialdini#6_key_principle... See: "Commitment and Consistency" Have you thought about writing to the Lego corp and suggesting inch-high dolls? You could give them things like interchangeable heads and hair, or even legs. Maybe even tiny little hands that can grip on to things? I guess you could even do them themed ... pirates, knights, soldiers. Amazed Lego have never considered doing miniature dress up dolls for boys before. You could call them ... Hrm ... Lego Men? But I guess that's not all! Think about all the fun people could have with dress up soldiers! "Men of Action", or, gee, "Joe who's a GI". You could give him a whole range of accessories and outfits and and and... This is the first event that people will put down to a lack of Steve Jobs that I think actually might reflect that... Yes, but not the decision to ship it in its current form. This is why it's worth contracting (ie: onsite with the client, paid by the day) rather than freelancing. I would say we are starting to get towards r/circlejerk territory here, which would be a shame. Can't you simply renounce your citizenship at 18? Defacto your legal guardians have signed you up to this until the age of majority. That seems pretty reasonable, under any jurisdiction. This reduces to absurdity pretty quickly, when you start complaining that babies don't sign up for any of the decisions their parents make on their behalf. No shit. Almost everything your parents sign you up for can be undone at an age that's almost universally close to 18 from the perspective of the state. Compare and contrast that with Islamic or Scientological interpretation of apostacy if you're really looking for a service your parents signed you up for and you can't easily get out of... Also it's two months old Yes, this is the case. A quick search shows I'm being taken to Google via https, hence no referrer string. You'd hope the author would have worked that out :-/ That's interesting. But as a counter point, my blog gets a bunch of hits from Google marked as "[Secure Search]", so I guess they don't always do it. It's very difficult to quit it completely, but quite easy to find food that doesn't derive the majority of its calories from sugar. I consciously quit sugar about 6 months ago, and lost a ton of weight, and feel much better for it. However, I recently had to travel to the US for work, and avoiding sugar there was near on impossible. You guys have the chips stacked against you... > HFCS may be worse for you if fructose is worse for you. That said, the concentrations aren't that much different. I'm not going to dig out the citations (because I'm not sure where I'd find them) but I'm pretty certain I read recently in a credible source: * Fructose is worse for you * ... but HFCS and sugar contain similar amounts * HFCS is really bad for you * ... but no worse for you than sugar (which is also really bad for you) Ah, I hadn't realized Ultrabook was some Intel thing, and was going to make a snarky comment about how my MacBook Air is the nicest computer I've ever owned... I guess this means the category has huge potential not to suck That would be true if other fields were also having trouble attracting recruits. Sexism, intentional or as a result of boorishness is unacceptable and bad. Needs change, and that needs to be a priority. Got it, agree. Also think that diversity for the sake of diversity is a good thing, as controversial as some people find that. But the point is: more chauvinistic and sexist industries (eg: finance, advertising, previously medicine) appear to be having little trouble attracting women. So why is it that software puts its gender imbalance down almost exclusively to chauvinism? > I cannot for the life of me understand why a woman wouldn't work in software other than the environment I have spent the last few years automating warehouses. In aggregate, it seems men prefer processes that involve them going and finding and moving things, where women prefer processes that involve them standing still and doing repetitive tasks, provided they're within talking distance of other people. At a supervisor, men and women are equally interested in roles, but anecdotally appear to solve certain warehouse conditions in different ways. It may be that this is some massive warehouse related conspiracy. Maybe we have been raised to expect men and women to have different gender roles, and society imposes their views on warehouse related problem solving. Maybe it's a sign of sexism? Perhaps fetching items and collating orders naturally leads to sexism and misogyny, where standing within social distance of other people blah blah, lorem ipsum pop science etc. Or maybe, just maybe, there is a genuine in-aggregate difference in men and women that makes some tasks more fun for some genders than other, in aggregate. I keep stressing "in aggregate" because it certainly doesn't apply to everyone. Yes. Sexism is wrong and bad, and part of the social fabric. I made all of those points in the original post. Using it to explain lack of women in software where it can't be used to explain lack of women in other fields where it appears more prevalent seems disingenuous. There was an actual joke in The Office with Michael Scott also confusing "working in finance" with being a teller at a bank. So explain why and add information rather than whining. This isn't Reddit. One would think that right up until they read the grading methodology. Then perhaps the author shouldn't be presenting them as practical issues, and claim that people who don't know the answers either shouldn't be programmers, or work in some tiny niche. You read the context article he linked to, right? I guess it depends if you interpret: > you should ask yourself why As referring to "you can't answer the majority of the questions" or "you're working or intend to work as a software developer". I read it as the latter, but I guess it could also be read as the former. I am enjoying these, but as a poster on your previous thread predicted, you're moving further away from anything resembling what 99% of today's programmers ever see... Need a car analogy? Fine: you pitched this as "what every driver should know about driving", and you're talking about the intricacies of combustion engines. That is to say, it's interesting, may pin together some pieces of other knowledge, but of no real practical use to anyone who doesn't also fit in to the "and I'm a mechanic" demographic. Isn't that how all vector fonts work? This article appears deeply confused, and doesn't seem to bear much relationship to its title. By "more women needed in technology", what it appears to actually be advocating is "more women needed in designing products for women, because men are condescending in their design of female-oriented products". ... and ok. Then the author follows it up by saying "it's basic economics! More women will buy your products!", but doesn't follow that up with "and so market forces will make it happen!". But whatever. If you want to try and change how an industry talks to your group, have at it. But then also the author has taken the time to produce a cartoon book telling young women to go in to computers and technology, because (from the image provided) apparently all young women ever hear is badly-spelled messages telling them that they should focus on home economics (untrue) and that programming generally involves working in dark cubicles (sometimes true) and being a nerd (all too true). Why doesn't the author already know that ...? Because the author, and head of this campaign ... isn't actually a woman in technology. She's a woman in advertising, who has decided that more women need to be in technology. Not her, just other women. So how does she know that women can thrive in technology? How is she able to legitimately address their concerns? It all feels a bit condescending towards ... people in technology. "Here I am, a person outside of your field, telling you that you talk to women all wrong, and I'm going to fix it with a swish advertising and graphics campaign". If you want the message to be taken seriously, get Marissa Meyer to say it. Bring me the opinion of Danese Cooper. Shouldn't tech role models come from, ya know, tech? Conclusion: the message I probably agree with. Diversity of every sort in technical teams is a great thing in my previous experience. But what the hell is this article about, and who is this advertising exec to tell deliver it? http://ladygeek.com/team-2/ http://zipripjs.com/ I was unsure why the original poster had developer his own system instead of just using Anki... FWIW: I used Anki for learning a foreign language, with the help of a human, who would ask one side, and then rate my answer. This worked pretty well, in fact, and allowed the devolvement to Anki of spacing and scheduling, with the benefits you've mentioned. > Almost no cards issued in the US have chips. As a result, almost no terminals in the US have a chip reader. I was in New York state a while ago, and most places had PIN pads with chip readers. Not a single store person asked me to use it, and the few times I suggested I could, I got blank stares. I ended up signing for a bunch of stuff. Long story short: just because no-one is using them doesn't mean there's no chip reader. I can't be bothered to learn LaTeX to mark up my Haskell assignments, so I've been using Markdown + LHS Do you spend most of your time "programming" learning how to program? Or using what you've learned? Haskell has a steep learning curve, for sure, and that's one reason it doesn't have widespread use. Once you've learned it, programming in it is arguably a lot more enjoyable (and thus easier) than other languages... > How do you attain the skills required to do this while not also learning not to Half-understood StackOverflow answers, natch. > I appreciate that people have lives too but you just can't do two jobs and have a personal life. Sure you can. You just have to work at it, and get organized. For the last 2 and a half years, I've worked a 9-5 contracting gig, been CTO at a startup with major blue-chip clients, gotten married, learned to drive, released some open-source software, prototyped some software for another startup, and completed the first third of an MSc at a well-known university. Also I finally got my shit together, and lost a lot of weight. And I often feel like I waste a lot of my time. Is it easy? It's not that hard (or I wouldn't be doing it). You just need to be organized... I gave up drinking alcohol, which meant I don't lose precious hours to hangovers. My wife is also pretty busy, but we carve out two evenings a week and a whole day of weekend to just spend with each other (and often with friends), and that works well. I think the trick is to be _really strict_ about when you're working and when you're not working. Email by default only flashes up on my phone when it has the word 'urgent' added to the subject. The amount people big-talk here about burning their bridges, full commitment, etc etc, I get the idea that everyone else is working their fingers to the bone, and I just don't feel that busy. I'm pretty tired by Friday night, but a lie-in until 8am on Saturday sorts me out. I don't think it'll work when I have kids, and I wouldn't want to do it forever, but it's certainly doable. I am fairly sure the discussion centered around "is it possible", rather than "is it easy". No, it's not easy. I am surprised you came away thinking it might be. Oooh oooh, do mine next! I paid $99 for: http://zipripjs.com/logo.png As a European, it can sometimes be hard to appreciate America's guarantees of free speech, especially as you only really ever hear about the "negative" aspects of it - Citizens United, for example. But more and more it seems that countries that have nominally vibrant democracies are making certain types of speech criminal - I wonder if there'll be a groundswell of activism to get free speech retroactively enshrined as a right in countries where such a thing never really seemed needed before. I wrote one circa 2003, and there's an article about it here: http://www.drdobbs.com/web-development/mouse-tracking-with-j... Oooh, I wonder what "he" might choose for a username on a social media site! Did you read the article? Drew Linzer is one of the specific people it rates Nate Silver against. > "Imagine somebody doing this to The Wall Street Journal or The New York Times." You mean like every major PR agency ever? > I think Apple's "design-first" philosophy works great in some circumstances. Isn't "ensuring functionality is complete /and/ beautiful" the sorta corner piece of design? I mean, it sounds like you're describing 'design' here as aesthetics, and saying Apple's problem is that they went for pretty, while ignoring function. The latter part is true, but the real problem here is that it's not well designed . And had Apple's "design-first" philosophy been followed ... this whole thing might not have happened. Purely from a hiring side, can someone sell me on the value of hiring junior developers and training them up? It feels to me like there's real potential for them to gum up the development team, it's going to take years for them to be senior (and nothing stopping them leaving when they are)... I understand people want Junior jobs to exist, as junior developers. As someone hiring, why should I hire one? Serious question... To summarize your points: Cheap but enthusiastic (and perhaps plentiful) labour, who may be able to work on non-critical path items, and there may be ancillary learning benefits from mentoring to existing senior devs. Is that about the size of what you were saying? Positive disruption was a benefit I identified; but you need very much the right junior to make this happen, and also there are drawbacks... ( http://blogs.tedneward.com/2012/03/21/Unlearn+Young+Programm... ) Yes, but this has been the case since I barely managed to get my high-school diploma, and tumbled on to the work scene (circa 2001). If you're bright, and you can program in a language that people use, there's opportunity. And that's been the case for a long while. And once you've been programming a while, no-one really cares about your degree - or lack thereof. > A well-written method doesn't need explanation, because it obviously couldn't have been written any other way I don't think I have anything nice I can say here, other than this smacks of the hopeless naivety I do this, and I'm a senior dev. I find it an absolute God-send when I come back to the code months or years afterwards. I am much, much faster at parsing and reading English than I am at code. When I'm coming back to some code for maintenance work, I am not normally trying to understand code deeply, I am usually trying to get a quick overview of it, and then locate a specific thing it's doing, to parse it more deeply. Comments like this allow a skim read for locating what you're after, and - as you identified - normally come in as I'm detailing the process, which means, doubleplusgood, you also get to see what I was thinking as I was writing the original code. > One's code should be written in such a way as to inform a programmer maintaining the code to its purpose and utility Almost. But you forgot "as quickly as possible". > But it also means that comments should only be used when you're going against convention or doing something hack-ish on purpose. I suggest that with experience, especially experience of being the curmudgeonly old senior dev on very mixed ability teams, with codebases sometimes a decade old, where the code is occasionally insane, you will start to be thankful of all clues the code can possible offer up as to why people do what they do. And if you're really lucky, you can go find that commit in the Code Review tool... Sure. When I'm trying to find a piece of code, that's a pretty good start. Regarding the 'formalized' part, really I was thinking of there being time formally set aside for training. As you point out, for senior developers, there's often a huge list of things they want to work through on their own - I'm thinking really about supporting their doing that, and making sure that there's a small amount of discipline there where they set out what they want to watch, and why, and jot down some thoughts on what they learned afterwards. > People do not trust "Federal Reserve notes" Really? There I was thinking foreign governments liked holding their reserves in US dollars... > that at least some people realize that there is no such a thing like US dollar, only those "notes" printed by Ben Bernanke and his pals Wake up, SHEEPLE! So enlighten us all, rather than posting snarky comments. > Is the "Quiet Car" really as intellectual as Kreider makes it out to be? Is it really full of readers and intellectualists, people that take pride in knowledge and are aloof from the mundane? No. > This is an interesting situation: put the people you're most likely to enjoy a good, thought-provoking, intellectual, factually-backed, philosophical conversation in a car together... where they take a vow of silence for the duration of the ride. Perhaps the worst place imaginable to find interesting conversation is in groups of self-selected "intelligentsia". People talking to each other who are getting a sense of validation from sounding clever leads to the kind of drivel that makes Ayn Rand fans over-excitable, and other people despair of the state of humanity. If you're looking for thought-provoking and intelligent conversation, cultivate a group of friends who you like listening to, but at NO POINT advertise it as some kind of salon. If you're in a big city, there are often large groups of people who work in finance with brains the size of planets, and absolutely no intellectual outlet. I have had great success with "dinner clubs" where the stated aim is to eat good food and drink nice wine... Alternatively I have been led to thoughts of homicide by people gathering to have "clever conversations". One of the following things is true: * Americans speak louder than other people * Something about the American accent means spoken American travels further and more piercingly than other languages * People expect Americans to be louder, so there's massive selection bias at work... Having travelled long and far, I suspect it's all three... I wonder if you could offer £10 per retrieved landmine as a bounty, and let local entrepreneurs try and work out the details... Maybe you were thinking of: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/3437019.stm > School. I don't give a flying f* if they're from MIT or the University of Waikato This may be true, but I'd say it's not true for most people. People's heads are easily turned by famous universities, in some kind of halo effect. From the BBC article: > Autonomy founder Mike Lynch is a non-executive director of the BBC. This is the beauty of a free non-commercial press. > Ayn Rand, a long-time favourite thinker of mine I think disclaimers are generally best put near the top. You don't know where to find the backtick on your keyboard?! No. But I /do/ occasionally use bash, or call out to the shell from scripting languages...