I see where you're coming from, but environment has many subtle factors that lead to, I believe, missed opportunities if they aren't taken advantage of. For example, what would a Houston Oil startup gain from spending a few months of critical startup time in a city with high rent, drastically different driving culture, little access to oil companies, services, equipment, fields and etc, and a completely different set of laws regarding their practice? Better to be spending their after-hours times mingling with the oil folks in Houston bars than the tech folks in SF bars. Who makes the first top-level judgement of "this is very good" or "this is very bad?" That's the story story of a game-learning program that found the best way to "not lose" at tetris was to pause right before a brick extended above the top of the level, and leave it paused indefinitely. I don't understand how this is relevant - it's a technology people use to stay connected, share photos, and communicate. Is there some issue you have with this? The article wasn't commenting on the moral implications of facebook or even the beat-to-death privacy issues. Soulless algorithm designed by living humans, hosted on a website which features user-generated content, designed by a human. It's not like it's AI. Many of the bootcamps rely on this self-selection as an aspect of their admissions, to ensure their post-program hire numbers stay high. For example, having a technical interview with a high failure rate, followed by about 80 hours of precourse work, followed by another failure chance on a precourse test. Those that have the desire and ability to learn enough technical material to first pass the technical interview, and then complete the precourse work, probably would have figured out a good deal of developer skills on their own anyway. My only fear is that ultimateGuitarTabs will use these developments to make visiting their site on mobile even more of a hellish experience. Agreed here. I found myself lethargic and frankly stupid until I discovered, through a sleep study, that I have sleep apnea. To cure this, I was simply prescribed an anti histamine pill, to be taken once a day, and a corticosteroid spray to be taken in the nostrils once a day. My sleep apnea was cured within a week and my abilities as a developer increased tenfold. It is really amazing how much of a difference in your personality and abilities a good night's sleep can make. A quick google search shows, yes. Anecdotal, it's how I was raised. Really? A person can be the flagship of a movement that is so opposed to your point of view as to be dangerous. A radically religious up and coming politician for example. Or, I suppose, Hitler. When it comes to investing, "I like how the teams work" is probably not the path you should be walking down in making a decision about where to drop a hefty chunk of change on. Odd, I hadn't heard of that until now, and I spend every day in a room with ~20 people all on various windows 10 machines. 'Travel > Destinations > Middle East' So I can assume Yahoo isn't the one watching this particular bit of my internet traffic... That's probably a different sort of correlation than a Google-caused one. I wonder how this applies in my case - self taught with a degree... in Literature. I haven't had a hard time finding a job but that's a pretty big selection bias. These are all really nice looking, but the android radio buttons seem very user-unfriendly. I'm usually pretty good at sorting out indecipherable buttons and whatnot but they've got me stumped. Even if you could argue that Apollo was nothing more than a "PR Stunt", what is the issue with it being that? From a nationalism perspective, there's a tremendous advantage to be gained from plugging an entire generation with patriotism from a moon landing. Why is your OP getting downvoted? Are we assuming they're an SJW because they informed us of the popular meaning of those words? I knew what those words meant and would have shared as well, despite how much I detest the SJW movement. They is the easiest, and already fully adopted, option. Why bother trying to add another? They is the easiest, and already fully adopted, option. Why bother trying to add another? You must not have been alive long. There was a time people in the States were being jailed and having their rights rescinded for possibly, maybe, being communists. But, but, salesforce is building another downtown San Francisco skyscraper! That means they're successful, right? Guys? By having your articles directly on your site, linked to via a "feed reader" that everyone already uses - twitter, facebook, reddit, etc. I remember trying to get into RSS feeds a few years back. I passed them by - it was easier to just hit news.google.com or my multireddit or twitterfeed for news I was interested in. Sure, I didn't "get it," and yea fine I'm not the smartest guy ever, but I'm probably a good representation of the average net user - interested in efficient means at getting the news such as RSS, but also tremendously lazy. Why bother? I already have a twitter/reddit/gnews account. Now that's thinking the npm way I didn't finish the problem in my interview, and got hired. I asked the PM later why, and he said "we wanted to see you try to solve a problem we know you couldn't, so we could see your problem-solving process and how you handle stress." The author of the article comes off as defensive and blame-shifting. I'm not surprised he didn't get hired. Since when is it ok to say "why?" when someone asked you to perform something in an interview? Do you really think the multi million dollar news agency will need you to program a maze at some point, so they're testing your ability to? Just how dumb do these engineers think recruiters are? Tim Ferris based a huge chunk of his "24 Hour Body" book on the concept of cold baths. This illustrates a question for my I've been wondering for a while - while each developer on a project should have a good idea of security best practice, is it worth it for each to be an expert in security? I've always felt that there should be a member (or team, depending on project scale) for each project who is a "security expert" and can guide decisions for security best practice. So the developers can be aware that they need to tie in an API key at some point, and the security expert can guide the best way to implement that. 5,677,000 tourists to Brazil in 2012. So 500,000 is an 8% increase, correct? If you're looking at the chart, that's 2012, not 2015. I typed "Virtual Reality" and got back "Media depictions of Latinos don't match reality" https://www.theatlas.com/charts/V1RJtzYA Can anybody ELI5 what this site's supposed to be doing? They also washed their hands before they went inside. Edit - and wore a hair net I find this absurd. This is natural language processing. What do languages have? Gendered pronouns. Some languages have gendered nouns. We use language to communicate information about our environment. Whether or not someone is male or female may be irrelevant to how they perform in certain tasks, ie, don't judge someone by their race/gender obviously. However, purposely crippling a natural language processor by removing its ability to use language to determine gender is insanity. Every single aspect of this API has a degree of uncertainty. If you'd like to improve the capability of the algorithm, put in some PRs to help out the accuracy. Hey I'm a noob, can anybody expand upon what other languages are used to program mainframes? Is there any indication that COBOL will eventually be traded out for something newer? Hey I'm a noob, can anybody expand upon what other languages are used to program mainframes? Is there any indication that COBOL will eventually be traded out for something newer? Off-topic, but I've always felt like "silver bullet" isn't a very good metaphor to use because we keep using it sarcastically, as above. Wasn't the silver bullet the only way to stop a werewolf? Or does the phrase come from somewhere else? Anyway maybe something like magic bean or some other "looks useful but turned out not to be" metaphor would be better, not sure which one though. How are two sites sharing this fingerprint information in a way that says "yup, this is the same guy?" Like is there some sot of cabal of evil advertising companies running a bunch of sites, or what? I work for a popular bootcamp and can offer further insight. Interviews: Criteria include technical ability. Our site points towards a lot of free resources for learning JS, and I can personally attribute that there is enough material to get a liberal arts student from 0 to a basic understanding of core JS functions. If they can't use those free resources to self-teach, or haven't grocked the material after attending a bootcamp prep course, they probably won't be able to keep up with a 3 month intense training program. ~80% of applicants will be asked to interview again, and of that percent, maybe 50% will eventually be accepted. Criteria also include hireability. If a potential student has never held a job in their life, they probably will be rejected. We want to bring people in that will be employable, and motivated to seek employment. On that note, yes, personal hygiene and social skills come into play. If someone comes in for an interview that we would loathe working with, they will be turned away, regardless of their technical ability. Outcomes: We are financially motivated to ensure students get jobs, but probably not in the way many think. We don't receive placement fees (that I'm aware of), but we all face the rampant "bootcamp grads aren't as good as comp sci grads" mindset in the industry. For every candidate we place, that's one more person proving that bootcamp grads can operate on the level of a comp sci grad. That's good for brand. More people will hear about the program, be more likely to attend, etc. Furthermore, more PMs and Engineering Managers will see the good work of our graduates, and perhaps come to understand that these candidates are competitive with a comp sci grad, and be more likely to hire grads in the future. On reporting failures: The hardest work in avoiding "failures" is in the admissions process. It's rigorous. If someone would be a "failure" i.e. unable to finish the course or unable to build the portfolio necessary/perform in technical interviews well enough to get a job, they won't get into the program (mostly). I don't work in outcomes, so I can't comment on how transparent the numbers are, but there's no concerted effort to conceal anything at this bootcamp and I feel the numbers are accurate. Without a doubt, it's worth investigating a bootcamp thoroughly for outcomes results before attending. Alumni Network: Shockingly powerful. For example, one of our graduates interviews at, say, google. They meet with the outcomes staff after and discuss the interview. We now have a general idea of what to expect in a google interview. This data is stored and updated for every single graduate, forever . So if a candidate who graduated 2 years ago is job switching and interviewing at google, they can come in and discuss what to expect in a google interview based on other alumni interviews, practice whiteboarding problems with staff, etc. We are careful about NDAs, etc. Everything I've seen is above the board, but I can't speak for any but one bootcamp. >The ability to communicate The bootcamp I attended focused heavily on this aspect. All sprints were pair-programmed, and there were 3 group projects. They lectured repeatedly on team dynamics, feedback methods, agile workflows, etc. Furthermore, applicants with extremely poor soft skills wouldn't make it into the program. We call those "reminders." I would say the concept of DX is rising not just in terms of UI, but in the holistic sense. For example, Windows releasing the Ubuntu Bash and Microsoft Code in an attempt to make Windows a better DX environment. My first serious introduction to programming was through Harvard's online CS50x course, which uses C. I think it was a fantastic way to introduce a newbie like me to what programming languages are doing under the hood with memory allocation, pointers, value vs ref, etc. I once tried out Tan-tan, China's version of Twitter. I was idly swiping away until I saw, on one girl, "you have crossed paths with her twice!" underneath which was a Baidu maps frame showing Balboa Park station. Swiftly uninstalled. Oh well. I feel the same way about all the Monty Python movies. To each their own and whatnot. Occasionally, yes, though I'd say that 2% of accepted students because people already in the industry have the skills to learn what is needed switch over from say back to front end, or apps to webapps, etc. Typically these students learn a great deal of soft skills and pair-programming skills while they're here, so I think it's still valuable. Apologies, I like to keep my online and RL identities as separate as possible. In any case, I can only speak for one bootcamp. I really don't know if all the other ones are doing placement fees. Besides the fact that on android, the app requires what appears to be every single permission, be aware that all companies dealing in media have a designated Party official liaison who usually sits in the office and has more decision power than the editor in chief. Based on my experience working and developing in China, I would say I can all but guarantee that the Chinese government is viewing and editing all data as it pertains to wechat. All chatlogs, all private conversations, all financial transactions, all GPS coords for checkin locations, all of it. They may not be doing anything with it, but it's being stored. I'm about to take us from off the rails to into the forest, but since we're on the subject - poor people are poor, yes, but I think the biggest problem is lack of financial education. I know people that are making enough money to live comfortably, but are crippled by debt caused by poor decisions when they are younger, or poor decisions now. I say better financial education, and then the next step. That's fine, but so why don't we? If the whole purpose of downloading all these courses is so that we can continue to access them after Coursera goes full moneygrub mode, surely someone is willing to sacrifice their Coursera account for this? Does this mean netflix can stop paying Comcast? I would say the same reason we teach web developers what a linked list is. They might never use it (watch me eat my own boot here) but it's a fundamental principle upon which a lot of the tools they use are built. It's good to know what's going on under the hood. I don't think the OP was commenting on the intelligence of the locals, but more their grasp of a foreign language. I've studied Chinese for six years and lived in Taiwan for four of them, I still make elementary mistakes because it's just not my native tongue. I bet if I was drawing up a menu I'd miss a couple characters or strokes on characters. You could use the google predict api to to language analysis, ex this is a happy tweet, this is a sad one, etc. I bet there's someone on the team playing with just such implementations. https://cloud.google.com/prediction/ I mean, what would you do if you had access to over a trillion searches? It's already being worked on: http://thecreatorsproject.vice.com/blog/enter-the-void-the-w... Wasn't he referring to the phone app that integrates with the plug? I wasn't sure either. Well, we are on a something.ycombinator.com website right now... why don't you throw together a prototype, register a company, and present to ycombinator? I've met with Kyle Simpson a couple of times. He develops a lot of our coursework at Makersquare/Hack Reactor. Definitely a sharp guy and very down to earth. His code can be above my head but he's really good at bringing it back down to a level the students can understand, which as a former teacher I think is even more difficult that getting to an expert level in the first place. Wouldn't user reviews technically be a form of "curation?" It's not like when I search "SD card 16gb" I go past page 2 on the search results. It's true - Chinese kids age 7 can write less words in Mandarin than American kids age 7 can write in English. However, it doesn't change the fact that the difficulty of the language has nothing to do with literacy rate. China has a low literacy rate because huge swaths of the population don't have access to education. I learned Japanese and Chinese to a fluent level, and at least from my biased point of view Japanese is a tremendously more difficult written language. Not only do you have just as many "characters" (kanji, hanzi, 汉子, 漢子, whatever) as you do in Mandarin, those characters can have many different pronunciations. You also have katakana (phonetic, 46 + modifications), hiragana(phonetic, 46 + modifications), and just for fun the occasional English (phonetic, 26). And yet, Japan has a 99% literacy rate. Compare that to the USA's 97.9% literacy rate, a country that teaches English (26 letters, phonetic), and I think the argument that difficulty of the language reflects the literacy rate falls apart. This is because we speak Mandarin Chinese in Taiwan, using Traditional, rather than Simplified characters, whereas people in Hong Kong speak Cantonese using Traditional characters. It's a different language entirely. Similar to how you can use Chinese characters (traditional or simplified, whatever) to write Vietnamese and Korean and Japanese, as used to happen many years ago. What boggles my mind is that this is just one of many cases of provable long-term return. It's trickier for HR type investments (measuring the ROI on increases wages, or putting a pool table in the break room), but another example is most governments' refusal to believe that education has a massive ROI. Despite the fact that we have economic scientists repeatedly demonstrating with overwhelming evidence that these types of long-term investments have massive ROI, people can't overcome their natural short sightedness. As long as the mindset of "we're done hearing from experts!" is allowed to resurface again and again, we'll have this problem. See: Anti-vaccers, the insanity with radium, maybe even Bob Marley's toe cancer. In modern music, "audio production" is arguably more important than any other aspect. If we judged your average top 10 hit by the same standards (melody, harmonization) that we did a Bach piece, no modern music would be considered "good" (le wrong generation, I get it). But these songs are popular and drive a multimillion dollar industry, so they must be doing something right. I would point straight to production quality and technique. Why is Dr. Dre so popular? He's a decent rapper but he doesn't really have much content volume. He's who he is because he's one of the best producers in hip-hop. He made a career, a legacy, and an industry out of just being really good at production. Having lived in Japan on and off for the past decade, this is just par for the course for a Japanese company. If you wanted to get anything done, it's done via fax. God knows why, that's just how it is. Everywhere. edit: I'm referring specifically to the need for lots of paperwork Perhaps zombocom? http://www.zombo.com/ That turned out to be a lie from Erdogan. Yahoo! Taiwan as well. It's the primary buyer/seller platform, weirdly. Jesus christ, that dude was standing next to three shells that were as big as him. They were really launching artillery that large? What kind of power did those shells have? How'd they launch them? I always thought of the artillery bombardments as similar to modern mortars. The lesson we can learn from the poisoned battlefields of WWI can be applied as a counter-argument to anyone saying we should nuke something - consider not only the short term implications of the nuke, but the long term effect on local and global environments. Just take a look at your google fitness tracker map after a run to see why this could be bad. Oops, we're suddenly a block north for some reason? Let me just veer sharp right to fix this! Javascript? Why does Angular need a build process? You can just point script tags at a fat angular.js file, or a CDN, and go on your merry way. Sure it's not like the 10x dev way to do it, but I do it for simple apps all the time. Try the actor generator. I got samuel m. lee, heh I don't understand what you mean by this. Do you mean a button that grabs the current URL you're at? Do other websites have this? I'm not challenging you, I genuinely don't understand what you're talking about. That's kind of funny because there's a major trend now following people like Elon Musk who promote skimming through engineering texts. The idea being that you're not going to learn rocket science reading a dissertation on rocket fuel, but you will become aware of things you hadn't done before, and retain random knowledge that could be useful and will be useful as you continue skimming more and more technical books. As someone who spent yesterday firing off 38 job applications (with personalized cover letters!), this terrifies me. Kids are an awesome way to think about these problems. I did a teaching abroad stint once and it was incredible to witness kindergartners wrastle with this new language I was introducing to them, adopt it while they're still learning their native one. It got even cooler when there'd be a half native kid who already spoke English as well as Chinese. I wonder if there's AI focused research that analyses how children learn language as an aspect of their research? Especially kids learning a "new" language. Can you clarify "focus your efforts?" For example, I am a graduate software engineer. There are a lot of companies that I have a more than sincere interest in working for - I have a near obsession for working for, say, Google, Amazon, Dropbox, or Facebook. I also have a desire to pay my bills. All 4 of the above have rejected me for "lack of years of experience," and so now what? Find more companies I sincerely want to work for? At this point, a company with a software engineering team I can learn from fits the bill, of which there's probably 3,000 in the Bay Area alone. So, I don't understand how my options at this point are anything other than literally sending out 3,000 resumes (I'm at 80 now). Other than, of course, extensive networking, which I also do. >There's someone a few comments over That's me, we're in the comment chain for it right now. I don't understand what else I can do to get a job as someone a.) new to the city and b.) a graduate software engineer with no prior experience other than personal and group projects. None of my "passion about" companies will take me - dropbox rejected me in 30 minutes flat, probably automatically. What can I do but spray out absurd amount of resumes? What can I do but have an auto-generated cover letter that swaps out COMPANY_NAME and JOB_TITLE so I can crank out enough resumes a day to ensure I get a job before my bills swamp me? I'm still confused by the CDS bit. Is there a good eli5 article on it? I've already checked the eli5 subreddit and couldn't find anything specifically on the mechanism that allowed shorting. The weird thing is, there's no reason we can't have both (megacity and nature preserve). A hop skip and a jump over the golden gate bridge brings you to the expansive Golden Gate Recreational Area. Head south and you have lots of state preserves, national parks, state parks, and etc for hiking/climbing. A mere three hour drive south is the incredible Big Sur. A few more hours East, Yosemite. So why not develop down town? Why not knock down the dinky little family two stories in Daly City and put up highrises? I don't get it. I don't think he was necessarily implying it'd be date-like - I've had those "4 hour conversations resulting with the key to my existence" type conversations with the sex I'm not romantically interested in, from small coffee "dates." To quote Always Sunny, it's all about the implication. I start with a question unrelated to the coffee "Jane, how are things going at Salesforce? I've been considering a move lately, mind if I get you a coffee and pick your brain a bit?" You can initialize the convo at that point and then either fluidly move the conversation elsewhere if desired, or, you know, not. Anyway, that's how I do it: transparent objective. Technically the same metaphor can be used for "commit" if we assume you stage the one thing and commit that one thing. Now look through the same workflow again but replace "stage" with "stage it and commit it." It's reputational hangover from I would say maybe the 80s. My experience in Japan was totally the opposite. Most people's emails are something like abc3fa3a11fe.afj.kl@softbank.co.jp because that's the email their phone provider gave them, and they don't know how to check their email if they lose their mobile phone. Internet access is sparse - not even the starbucks at the famous shinjuku intersection had wifi when I was there in 2014. If you want internet, you need to go to an internet cafe - those places that people sometimes just move into as cheap apartments. To do that, you need to register for a card... with a Japanese phone number and a Japanese bank. You want any paperwork done, it'll involve a fax. No, scanning and emailing will not work, sorry. No, you can't just bring the paper in, it must arrive via the fax machine. Japanese websites: https://randomwire.com/why-japanese-web-design-is-so-differe... Etc. They look the same and that's boring. ...I'm only slightly kidding. I think it's relevant. I think there should be an addendum: the human should have total control over "how important" a given technology is to it. So for example, there's maybe 3 apps on my phone out of 50 that are allowed to use notifications. I'm always horrified when I pick up my mom's phone and it's swamped with notifications, popups in the status bar, lock screen flooded over, yuck. "Comcast video streaming service is not in the same category as Netflix, Hulu because...." Back to square 1. Especially metrics comparing cost of getting your own vs offloading to AWS or whatever. When is the "break even" point for buying your own? Well, this feels obvious, but let's say the required PE classes have skilled professors that can adjust a PE program to your fitness level? Would your opinion change then? I hear the same arguments about engineering students forced to take political science, or liberal arts students forced to take x number of laboratory credits. Arguably, health is more important that a journalist's ability to use calculus. 20 miles a day? Surely you aren't serious? Someone check my math but at a 7 minute mile, that's a 2 hour run every day, plus warmup, stretch, change, cleanup time. That feels absurd for anybody with a job, family, etc. Maybe every other day would make more sense. I think their point still stands - sure there's regulations, but that's just added bureaucracy and history on top of an arbitrary system. I won't pretend like it doesn't work - clearly it does - but something like the USD is extremely vulnerable as well if "the system" goes down - hyper inflation, hyper deflation, currency rejection (people want chickens not dollars), etc. Sounds like a lot of hit and miss with these schools. With the rise of bootcamps as well, I wonder - is there any organization / website / agency compiling and auditing a list of these types of schools? It'd be great to be able to say "I want to become a pipeline designer" and knowing with Better Business Bureau level of confidence that I was choosing a good training program. To clarify, can we reduce your point down to "natural talent doesn't exist?" It's a bummer but you couldn't have known. Just keep making smart investments. Are you an American? Because plenty of countries strike that balance just fine. Or be hacked and then distributed. This is a fun thing to talk about in Hacker News. I'm outa this thread. Do either of you mind linking to your static blogs or an article discussing your process here? I've only ever used a wordpress install for blogging but have been thinking about just building a static blog from scratch. I don't understand how "national security concerns" is not a valid risk. Of all the countries in the world, China is 1 of 2 that are actually capable of standing up to US military might, and the only real advantage the US has is a more robust intelligence system via satellites. Satellites that for example can early detect missile launches, track missiles, guide missiles, etc. If I was a US military adviser I would absolutely be putting full pressure on avoiding any situation that gives the Chinese or the Russians more insight or access to the space program. I think war and military stuff is stupid and antithesis to the advancement of the human race, but I can see how someone who's job it is to be concerned about that sort of thing is very concerned about that sort of thing. It's almost as if... different people have different experiences at different companies... as if, dare I say it, not all people and companies are the same? If you value your worth based off what label an organization slaps on your paychecks, sure. If you are getting better and better at your job, you can tell your company or other companies you require $x.xx salary, or want to move into management, etc. Why wait for them to promote you? To be fair, avoiding the fries and shake (or chips and coke or what have you) seems to cut 50% or more of the calories. 760 calories on a burger is a fine portion. Then again, the macro ratio is probably not where you want it if you're counting that sort of thing. "Here let me UPload the local repo to our git server" git down "Great now let me DOWNload the changes to another branch" git up What? I mean, is that a masterpiece? I ask as someone who is unaware of Stephen Shore and has never seen this picture before. As someone living in 2016, that looks like a random picture of a gas station someone took on a road trip. I agree with Keegan here, it's boring. I'm sure there's some historical context or something I'm missing out on here, but that's just my take looking at the picture. What do you think would happen if Twitter didn't exist? You'd probably just email them or something. If Twitter only needed to serve the states, sure. But they need to sync servers globally and provide decent bandwidth to every corner of the developed world. That's a big $ technical problem. And so it does? However you feel about the executives and history of Hyperloop, I think it's important that companies like this exist and try things like this. You know what's expensive and was once unfeasible? Strapping thousands of tons of fuel to a rocket and launching it into space. And yet... "Will need to be persuaded to compensate," i.e., sued, which will take probably 2-5 years to complete because it will be cheaper to bill lawyers than payout potentially millions to Vachani. A big problem with our legal system is that it favors those with more money in every way - the rich can lever more cases, better cases, more often. They can afford to appeal at every level, to pay lawyers to look for hundreds of little loopholes. And they are essentially immune to being sued because not only can nobody afford to even begin procedures, once they do, all the more enriched party needs to do is fend off attacks long enough for their opponents' funds to run out. How does that matter? Possibly? I can see why one would want to assume that an entity that can simulate a universe would be able to know more than the collective ability of that simulation, but on the other hand, we simulate things and learn unexpected results from our simulations. I think it's entirely feasible that a simulation can generate more knowledge, or different knowledge, than exists outside the simulation. How? I'm not sure I buy into that, because we haven't been able to draw a strict line between what a "player" and "npc" would potentially be. True, but in the end their ability to perceive will be limited by the wires to/from those cameras to their hardware, and thus it is still possible that even the external world they thing they're observing, including themselves and their place in it, is also simulated. As in, someone could plug a "fake" camera into the AI and fool it. I don't understand - all methods of inspection exist in the same world as the hardware and thus can be spoofed. What about R&D output? Even if the company goes broke, they / their research can be purchased and used in the future. They might only produce new materials that they sell the patents for upon going bankrupt. Their engineers and scientists will develop and learn, and move on to other firms if Hyperloop becomes insolvement, and take that knowledge with them. I've often found a problem with open source projects is that they aren't set up for non-profit, so you can't claim a donation on taxes. Perhaps minor but this could mean a lot for, for example, an organization looking for a donation target. The debates that didn't run commercials? >force them to upgrade their browsers Please yes I always use SkyScanner - similar UI with options for "find the cheapest flight in a month," but usually way cheaper prices. Also includes Southwest, which Google Flights is missing, if I remember correctly. https://www.skyscanner.com/ Skyscanner also has more airlines than google flights, if I remember correctly. I don't think google flights shows southwest flights, but skyscanner does. I have no idea why. What does /ncr do? I'm having a hilariously difficult time googling for it because I usually google straight from the omni bar. I disagree that it will replace both. The DS brings ruggedness and a smaller form factor. I can't see me bringing this little flimsy tablet with probably max ~8 hours of battery life with me on one of my travels. My 3DS has had no trouble being thrown into a ruck and dragged across SE Asia needing a charge a week. That's a bit pessimistic. "I wonder if Elon will go down path A...." "Interesting that the battery is now x, this is probably a result of Y technology they developed last year." Etc. I don't find it hard to discuss a topic in a positive light at all. Or any porn website. I didn't even know the 3DS had AR features and I probably have 300 hours logged at least on it. I didn't even know the 3DS had AR features and I probably have 300 hours logged at least on it. I usually have folders of stuff that I want to blog about later (consolidate a bunch of tutorials or articles on some aspect of Backbone or whatever into a single post) or mass-send people who are going down paths I've once gone down, for example learning Chinese or learning Javascript. I thought, "first actual space battle! Neat!" Then I felt horrible. Add 1800 contacts, ynab. Maybe not important to some people but it was how I realized something was up. I know a lot about some things, but almost nothing about networking, so excuse me if this is a really dumb question but - would your physical location determine what hosts you returned from that query? Like if you were in Asia would you get different ones back? The unfortunate thing is that common sense dictates that productivity should be going down with quality of life, but apparently, it isn't. Or at least, nobody has been able to demonstrate a correlation yet. It'd be fun to build a tool that does this. I still have ~170 companies I applied to more than two months ago that I haven't heard back from yet. Funnier still is that in the end, the 3 offers I was fortunate enough to receive in the same timeline all had at most a timeline of 2 weeks from initial communication/application to offer. Rejections came either within a half second (auto somehow) to two weeks. The best thing my boss way back when I was a recruiter told me - "Updating someone that there's no update yet is a hell of a lot better than not updating them because there's no update yet." In other words, a simple "the team is still discussing your interview but haven't made a decision yet" email can make all the difference in the world. That being said, and I'm swaying off topic here, candidates should never pause or slow down their job search, no matter how far along they are with a company. A rejection can come in a million forms for a million reasons, and how much would it suck to be back at square one across the board if it happens? I'm not using the service, but I'm curious what an acceptable threshold for this company is. Like, if half the DNS servers are attacked? If hostile actors sever fiber optic lines in the Pacific? I ask because my secondary question, as a network noob, is was anybody prepared / preparing for a DDOS on a DNS like this? Were people talking about this before? I live in Mountain View so I've been thinking today about the steps I and my company could take in case something horrifying happens - I remember reading on reddit years ago about local internets, wifi nets, etc, and would love to start building some fail safes with this in mind. Two pronged comment, sorry. It would have to be an audio device that has that little "ring" of audio in. Sorry, not knowledgeable in this field, someone smarter will be able to clarify, but I've noticed that my headphones that don't have a mic capability have less little "separator" rings on the 3.5mm jack, whereas the ones that do have mic capability have more. Also your solution seems... excessive... I'm an avid surface user, which doesn't make sense because 90% of my tweet history is me yelling at Microsoft that a windows update is preventing me from giving a presentation, again. So, as much as I love the platform, the issues for me are 1. Windows 10 updates are not sane. They do not schedule properly, and do not try to tell me otherwise because I have invested probably 40 hours total at this point trying to sanely schedule them. If you disable them, your build of Windows will go out of date and your machine will reset randomly until you turn them back on. Also, on a surface pro, updates take ~30 minutes to 6 hours. I joke not. So result: I'll roll into work at 8, have a presentation at 9, pop open the machine, and see "windows is configuring your update.... 39%" and know that I won't be working on that machine until after lunch. Maybe. 2. Random, impossible to track, unrelated bugs. Plugging in a second monitor causes all sorts of weirdness. It gets stuck in tablet mode. It'll refuse to go into tablet mode. The task bar will refuse to go away in fullscreen mode for some apps until a reset. It'll forget my office app credentials. Onenote will crash a hundred times. It'll soft-eject the microSD card randomly, but usually in the middle of a file transfer. Keyboard won't be recognized. Pen tip will fall out and they'll charge you 12 bucks for a replacement pack with 3 inside, 2 of which you'll instantly use. I love the surface because it perfectly fits my needs, but damn do I also hate it. Don't leave us hanging like that - who in the AR world has the largest user base? I tried to get back into snapchat last week. "Surely they've made the Android app usable by now." Why is the android app so trash? Why is the UI so convoluted? I want to like and use snapchat because clearly everybody is "getting" something that I'm not, but I genuinely cannot figure out the UI or take more than a few pics without the thing crashing. Because I chose an offer within a month. So approximately half of those were sent within 2-3 weeks before I accepted an offer, and of that half I had to turn down a good deal of follow-ups. Also, bootcamp-grad. I chose a shotgun approach. It worked. EDIT: to clarify, I haven't heard back from 170. I applied to ~300. Never, really, because each company would only see my resume once, and they're getting my resume through expected channels. I don't have a Compsci degree to fall back on. I needed to be realistic about my chances getting in to a company. Each company received a crafted, custom cover letter. These were not spam applications. I thought Tesla doesn't sell through dealers? edit: I'm absolutely positive I'm missing the joke here With all due respect, that is the standpoint of a cynic or perhaps nihilist. Which is totally fine, people should have the right to not care about stuff without being judged for it. However, if everyone was a perfect nihilist, you wouldn't have cheap old cars to drive because nobody would have made cars. You wouldn't have a cell phone, and especially a data connection, if not for the space program. And so on. So while I don't think it's a problem if some people take your viewpoint, I think it's a problem when everyone does. Somebody has to care enough about the environment to stop rampant capitalism from destroying it so that we have a planet to live on 50 years from now (electric cars, improved public transit.) Someone has to care enough to get humans off the planet so that when it is inevitably destroyed (asteroid, nuclear war, virus, overpopulation) the human race can continue elsewhere. Can you go into more detail on your setup? I've got a surface pro I'm thinking about turning into a little mobile coding station but I've been using my little lubuntu netbook for so long I'm not sure where to even start. In his AMA Bill Gates said if he could buy anything he would buy immortality. I don't understand this belief, can you expand on it? The way I see it, you don't "lose" anything when you die, because a "loss" implies the lack of ability to use something you once were able to use, and the feeling that comes from that lacking. When someone dies they'll never again be able to use stuff, so there is no loss. He still needs money to fund, for example, his cryogenic payments. He wears that little metal bracelet everywhere he goes (I got to a lot of conferences), I can't imagine the service is cheap. Wasn't the first act of a Pharaoh traditionally to begin construction of their tomb? My primary number has been a google voice number with a weird area code for the last 4 years, and I have gotten maybe 4 robotcalls in that time. "What can be fairly read into the game? Civilization players have noted certain telling omissions in its historical arc. Slavery, the single-most important economic institution of recent millennia, is entirely absent in the series. " If I remember correctly, in Civ 5 you could pop slavery to rush early wonders. Am I remembering wrong? Or maybe that was Civ 4. Chrome here 1080p at 960px. Ubuntu. http://i.imgur.com/PxLlDkP.png EDIT: Also: base.js:7035 Blocked a frame with origin " https://www.youtube.com" from accessing a frame with origin " http://programming.witheve.com" . The frame requesting access has a protocol of "https", the frame being accessed has a protocol of "http". Protocols must match. EDIT2: Why does opening the chrome console fix the text cut off issue.... this is so weird. :o how did you know about my stuck finger! I need to learn to hack better to counter-hack people like you! ;) Fix confirmed! >inherently a danger Can you expand on how they are an inherent danger, rather than a possible danger? I only challenge you because Tesla has published several occasions where Autopilot has possibly saved lives by auto-braking. I was about to argue that I found cryptocurrency tremendously useful when I wanted to shift a largish volume of money from HK to the USA without messing around with banks and immigration, and then I realized that probably fell a bit under "illegal activities." Heh, you may be right. My bank prevented me from making a purchase at Ikea last weekend because it incorrectly identified the purchase as "fraud." Since it was Saturday I couldn't resolve that day and had to return on Monday to complete the purchase... which meant tremendous inconvenience as I still haven't had time to assemble all that stuff. Even if a bank has the right intention, poor implementation can be a huge headache. That was my first question - I live with a banker and he's at work 8-8 every day including Saturday. I'm a developer and can go to work "whenever" and come home "whenever." It's a pure meritocracy - work done? Go home. Some of my coworkers come in at 11 because they surf in the morning. The point is - is it the same story for a developer working for a bank, whose bosses' boss presumably is more old-school and wouldn't be keen on hippie engineers wandering in and out of the office whenever they please? 200k+? Does DE have state tax? What's the cost of living there? That's a fantastic salary for the Bay Area as well which already has inflated salaries to make up for the high cost of living and general high amount of talent. What technologies? Care to expand? As always Science Fiction swoops in - in the "Culture" series, AI have hardcoded (as in, on their physical hardware) automatic code to shut down external communication in the event external communication is attempting to takeover the AI. I mean your question is pretty much "what would that automatic code look like," and I have no idea. I'm just getting pretty excited about all this sweet stuff happening with AI, automatic cars, hijacking of the human nervous system. Hngg. Anybody that's accidentally dumped a capacitor into the car's electrical system when trying to install a subwoofer can attest to this. I was genuinely shocked anything worked in my car when I did it. Why did the car activate the airbags? What car is this? I've never heard of airbags deploying improperly before (except when we have a busted set that we use to launch a tire a million feet into the air). I can't find the article but I read that you're more likely to experience a head injury as a pedestrian in a major city than a cyclist, and yet I always wear my helmet on my bike and never when I'm walking around. I guess it's about finding that balance between protection and, what, fashion? I don't know. What link? I don't see a link in your comment. It's a Texas-based tiny credit union. I really should switch but I'm still settling in to my new job out here in SF. I agree - it should work like that. I should, yes. I need to find a good credit union out here in SF, I just came here from Texas. The American Civil war comes to mind, but that answer is so obvious I'm a bit worried the angle here was a denial of that. Also, the formation of many Caribbean nations were the result of bloody slave revolts. So that's what I mean - I thought there was no opportunity to haggle for a Tesla - they're a shop and the price is what it is. I thought? So I launch the app. Top left button makes sense, it turns the flash on and off. Top button.... unsure, it's a ghost? Some kind of menu? So I push it, am given a screen with a help button, a picture of a trophy, and a settings icon. Looks like this is the app's "system menu" but also the place where I can managed friends, that makes sense then. Pop back down to main screen, Bottom left looks like messages, so I push that and... it's a massive, unsortable list. I scroll down and see all sorts of different icons. Probably the non-filled icons means the content is "read" but there's a red square, a purple square, a blue square with a triangle (probably chat yea?), a grey arrow, a red arrow. Some filled in, some not, totally unsorted, and it looks like message send/receives are mixed in with "new friend added" messages. So that's a mess. So now I pop into the mysterious "pyramid of three little circles" menu. It's.. news? "Recent updates" is another list of... friend... stuff... probably Snapchat's answer to Instagram Stories or whatever. More mysterious icons in the top right (other than search, that's obvious). When I take a picture there's an x (obvious), a postit note, a T (obvious), a... pencil (pretty obvious if so), a timer, a download icon, and a square with a plus (no idea). Also a "send" icon. Throughout all this navigation, I'm lagging, hanging, etc. Use case: A coworker says "add me on snapchat, here I've got my QR code open on my phone." Starting from the main menu I enter the "settings", click "add friends." "Add by Snapcode" looks right, oh, no, I need to take a photo, it won't actively scan for QR. Things like that. My understanding of inherent might not be right, then. I think of it as "it is definitely a danger, and thus can only be described as dangerous," which I would argue is not mutually exclusive with possible but is mutually exclusive with "not always dangerous and maybe even anti-dangerous." So what I mean is, the autopilot could turn out to be safer than manual, in my mind, so how is it "inherently" dangerous. My understanding of inherent might not be right, then. I think of it as "it is definitely a danger, and thus can only be described as dangerous," which I would argue is not mutually exclusive with possible but is mutually exclusive with "not always dangerous and maybe even anti-dangerous." So what I mean is, the autopilot could turn out to be safer than manual, in my mind, so how is it "inherently" dangerous. Does twitter use the JSON api? AKA doesn't that url only have the username/status part for "discoverability" reasons, but realistically that tweet id at the end is the ACTUAL id for the tweet? Instead, you should be like us Houstonians and spend a billion billion dollars moving main street 15 feet to the right and plop a 5mph tram on top of it. A tram that has to stop at red lights. A tram that gets stuck in intersections for 15+ minutes blocking other tram and car traffic. A tram that in downtown shares a lane with car traffic, which never causes accidents. On the other hand, every shop in Vietnam has printed off a "rated #1 on Trip Advisor!" sign and stuck it to the front window. It can go both ways. I feel similarly whenever I ride my bike in Mountain View. Awesome that we have bike lanes and all the lights here have sensors. Not so awesome that nobody realized bikes need to trip the sensors also. This is way off topic, but as a linux user, did you ever dual boot linux distros on macbooks? Work gave me a macbook and after fruitlessly trying to learn a new OS (and hotkeys...) I just threw ubuntu as a dual boot on it... and it's a nightmare. Crashing, freezing, hanging, video glitches, stuck pageflips, etc. Would love to know your experience. I don't know but I accept you. Interesting, I am a recruiter turned software engineer and have the exact opposite feeling. When I was a recruiter it was a fantastic way to find niche candidates and just maintain a casual discussion with my best candidates in general, as well as publish relevant news to my connections. As I was undergoing the transformation to engineer, it was a fantastic platform for me to reach out to people in my new industry and city, people who had gone down my path before, mentors, and etc. Then when it was time for job search, LinkedIn and Angel.co had the highest quality postings. Also, on LinkedIn when looking at a job posting I could see if someone from my bootcamp or university worked there, as a link right under the job posting. Ah haha this is too funny, I just this morning caved from trying to have a functioning version of Ubuntu on the macbook work gave me, booted back into OSX, and spent a good 30 minutes scrolling through the VSCode keyboard shortcuts JSON, writing down the ones I was interested in relearning on post-its and lining them around my monitor. And not four hours later they release a pretty little printable PDF. Not very on topic but I hope some of you can at least get a hoot from my misery. The biggest thing for me has been the consistency. They already had an amazing IDE (Visual Studio), then they buckled down and made an amazing paired-down version (VSCode). It works well, does all the things I'd want and then some. Compare to Google releasing a chat client / message handler (google voice app), another one (hangouts), taking away functionality (removing shared sms/hangouts convos), then releasing two more chat apps (allo/duo). Or countless other occasions they've done this. I was just thinking today after yesterday's HN thread on the new Macbook and "everything wrong with it." People were complaining that nobody can really match the build quality of Apple, which is a shame because it'd be great to have a windows / linux device with high build quality (that isn't hacky). Imagine if Microsoft put their weight behind manufacturing a dope laptop like Google has been trying to do with the Pixel phone? That's weird, it does for me if if I don't crash. I remember specifically closing and reopening when I have my files just right so that they'd still be like that if it crashed lol. I think a strong pull for it is its node debugger. At least for me. I'm not building giant C++ libraries (or however you C/C++/C# folks do) so it's just the right weight for what I do. Last time I tried to install Visual Studio it was like 9gbs for the core. Hah, thank you. I also always confuse "here here" and "hear hear," amongst a million other things. Would you believe I spent 4 years getting a Bachelor's in Writing? :P This is what I don't like about the current zeitgeist. Things are either black or white. You are either Red or Blue. Conservative or Liberal. Democrat or Republican. Right or Left. There is no room in this political system for a pro-life atheist, or a pro-gun liberal, or an anti-war economic conservative. There's no room on the internet for a third party voter, or someone who both believes cops lives matter AND civilian lives matter, or any other middle ground. You're either a 4chan user or a Tumbler user, you're either a Hillarybot or a Trumpbot. Reasons for this I believe include upvote/downvote trains on the internet, clickbait headlines, and networks streamlining content to cater to certain audiences. People who watch Fox news don't want to hear about Trump rape allegations, they want to watch news casters talk about Evil Hillary. It's the reverse for CNN. Remember in the Bush era how blatantly Fox news was a Republican news-horn, and how the case is the same now for CNN and Clinton? Euck. Can't stand it. No room for moderates, your voice won't get heard if you aren't making someone stamp their feet. Ninjaedit: I mean honestly how is it possible that of the 300 million people spread across one of the largest (geographical) countries in the world and one of the most diverse populations on the world, exactly half want one person to represent them, and exactly half want one other person to represent them. It doesn't make sense. I voted for Jill Stein though she is (recently, apparently) anti-nuclear energy, and before that said some silly things about vaccinations and WiFi. There is no perfect candidate other than perhaps yourself. When it comes to third party, you can safely consider your vote a vote for the party values themselves, rather than the candidate in particular. A vote for Jill Stein is really a vote for the major political parties to work on more green legislation. I agree that generally the best position is a moderate one, but I think we achieve that by having two extremes scream at eachother until they're hoarse and fall exhausted into the middle of the aisle. I voted for Bernie, but how could he win independent if he couldn't win the Democratic primary? It's a balance, yea? On the one hand, apps that I use rarely that are totally functional via a mobile browser, such as Facebook or Google News, take up space on my phone and potentially Do Bad Things in the background. On the other hand, there's potentially more of my monthly data used when I visit the sites vs using the app. I remember hearing about / reading about (here? on reddit? at a meetup? who knows) that the Chrome browser on android is going to begin implementing features that allow "psuedo-apps" to be developed. A browser favorite exists on the homepage and has a fat cache to save bandwidth, but isn't an app in the sense it can run in the background. I don't know too much about that, but what I DO know about are cool firefox and chrome Javascript methods like window.getDeviceOrientation or sendVibration or getLightLevel and other experimental features obviously focused on mobile devices. >Well he probably had it coming I've witnessed people saying exactly that. You can't argue that anti-cop violence is any less real of a problem than anti-black violence. What about the shooting in Dallas? I don't understand how "meaningful work," when the Dalai Lama says it, means "40 hours into the system." My understanding of Buddhism is "meaningful work" or "meaning" can be slaving away 60 hours a week at your own company, sitting on concrete tinkering away at a motorcycle, or even living on a mountain shaving your head and relinquishing all possessions. The idea is to "find meaning," that is, only do things that for you are important and for you give you a sense of purpose. It's not going to help if you bring up downvotes, check the site rules. I know what you mean (turning someone into a pillar of salt, killing infidels, etc), but there's a stark difference between the "tenants" of a religion and the single books that drive them. Hence why there's a million different flavors of Christianity, Islam, Judaism, etc - they all take their given "book" and interpret it differently. If you generalize Jesus' teachings, they're hard to argue as immoral - be good to your fellow man, abandon your earthly possessions, wash the feet of another because he is your fellow, stuff like that. Anyway my point is, a tool is just a tool to be used as you will. Religious texts can be used to bring people together or start a war, obviously - just look at the current shitstorm surrounding "radical islamic terrorism." There are over a billion Muslims in the world, 99.99% of whom live peaceful lives - and a small percentage are convinced to turn their religion into an ugly justification for bloodshed. No religion is immune to this. Anyone got suggestions for what a web dev should read or what classes he should take to understand what this guy is saying? America also doesn't have a national language, and ballots are going out in Spanish, Vietnamese, Chinese, etc. I recommend a Japanese Peace Lily. On the other hand, what kind of electricity savings do you get from not owning a fridge? I'm not really joking - in Taiwan we ditched the fridge and gave up on cooking. Ended up saving ~50$ USD/mo because it turns out it's just cheaper to eat and drink out there than it is to cook in, combined with the fridge and stove electric savings. EDIT: I think it's worth noting that electricity was disproportionately expensive compared to other costs of living when I was there. Yes, but I really wish I saved my spreadsheet I had, because somehow in Taiwan they were able to show us the meter for each room, and I remember looking at the kitchen the month after we gave up cooking and thinking "no fucking way." The guy with the KW/h calcs is right, it doesn't make sense when you do the math like that, but it was like 10 bucks a month in savings. Extremely so. I can't find my spreadsheet but IIRC I could buy Chicken at something like ~1.50 - 2USD/lb, and about ~1/3lb broccoli for like .25USD. So that's 1.75 - 2 for a cooked meal, or I could get a meal at a restaurant for ~.80USD to 1USD. It adds up, especially because I wouldn't just cook chicken and broccoli for every meal, and beef is shockingly expensive in Taiwan. I suppose. It sounds like there'd be a lot of havoc over having people write "yes" or "no" vs "si" or "no," that's kind of what I was thinking would cause the problems. Hah, that was the reference, but I bought one after watching the movie for the umpteenth time, and it really is an easy plant to take care of. I know it sucks but it's good that you at least voted provisionally. If you get any kind of receipt, etc, it can help if there's class actions following the election. Given the state of this election... there very well might be. Khan Academy is good. Also http://patrickjmt.com/ Does it function better for you than a google search or a news.google.com search? Trump won because: >I tried to talk about good roads and good schools and all these things that have been part of my career, and nobody listened. And then I began talking about n *, and they stomped the floor. -George Wallace He took a very simple road. He appealed to the fear of the Other. But he wants that authority, and has tremendous power as a republican POTUS with 2 or even 3 SCOTUS picks, a republican congress, and a republican senate. This is indicated by his repeated attacks on Clinton for having been a politician for 30 years and not fixing, well, everything . He is an autocrat. >He'd be in jail if he broke the law Let's see, which should I pick for this particular occasion of encountering this fallacy... we've got the US housing crisis, US war crimes and torture, NSA spying... hmm so many choices. >It is the fault of the enemy religion I don't like where this is going. Affordable care act will likely be repealed. That will affect a good deal of us. EPA may lose funding. The world will begin feeling that in about a decade. Department of education will likely lose funding. The US will lose the STEM race to India and China. We'll feel that in about 20 years. Please. Sanders would have played Trump in the debates like a fiddle. Trump can shout "he's a socialist!" over and over again all he want, but he wouldn't have any of his ammunition like he did against Clinton - the emails, the speeches, etc. When/where can we start buying seeds? I'm gonna jump on this train. I bet I can barter my weed for those delicious giant oranges dangling off my neighbor's tree. There's that picture of him being arrested during civil rights protests. What about when Christians do it? Usually results in a viscous slave trade (Africa and the Caribbean) or genocide (colonization of North and Central America). One side claims there is something fundamentally wrong with the religion of Islam and points to passages in the Quran. That side should, then, also note the fundamental problems with most major religions and point to passages in the Bible (old and new testament), the book of mormon, and other holy texts. But this side does not do that. That indicates to the other side that this is not a logical argument based on genuine fear of a hostile culture, but merely a race/religion war in different clothing (christians fearing muslims). I want to have a serious discussion with people about how to tackle the second coming of hyper nationalism without people laughing me off and calling me an SJW, cuck, or quoting "Everyone I disagree with is Hitler, a child's guide to politics." It is clear that we're about to have a second wave of prejudice based on race, religion, and sexual orientation/preference, and I want to be ready to tackle this intelligently. In the worst case, the citizens can simply deny attempts to, for example, develop on a national park by sitting on the park. See: the pipeline protests from the last 2 months. Yes, it shouldn't come to that. Yes, that means abandoning jobs, income, etc and hanging out in a field for god knows how long. But, well, things aren't hopeless. I made myself depressed writing that comment. Yay. :/ It's a republican congress. They'll fall in line, or Trump will just Tweet "Representative John Doe doesn't support my TAX CUTS! SAD! " and end another career. You can get an SD card with wifi connectivity. The cops in my last city had them in their dash cams wired up to automatically upload when they returned to the station at the end of the day. I had a fun little workflow when I traveled where I'd have a micro SD in a SD adapter plugged into my camera. When I got to a hostel, I'd plug the micro SD into my phone connected through wifi and upload to flickr and whatnot. I felt like a cyberpunky travel journalist, it was fun. Building a wall is our first priority. /s Wills aren't accessed until well into the process of handling a person's death. It would still be a sort of chicken and egg scenario - does their will apply, as they're not technically deceased by this State's laws? You can get medical bracelets for certain things, maybe something along those lines? Failing to resuscitate someone is not the equivalent of killing them in my mind. The author mentions "two types of ocean." What's the other type? I don't recall. As a non-fish that can't climb trees I find this even more depressing. Wow, going through that was a bit emotional. You've got to set up an email that gets sent to your contacts when you've been inactive for >3months. That'll only happen if I'm dead or imprisoned so, yuck. Did not enjoy typing that one up. This was embarrassing. I'm a terrible artist, I mean, well and truly incapable of drawing, and I think the questions become "easier" to draw the more she gets wrong. So I struggled to convey cello, then church, and finally "circle." Which she almost didn't get. Why did this website want to have notifications enabled for it? I thought the same thing when I hit HN this morning, good lord so many MS posts. On the other hand isn't there some sort of event today? Connect() or something? That would result in tons of announcements. Other threads are accusing astroturfing. I don't want to start a witchhunt, but looking at the user accounts, we've got one that has a nearly 2 year gap between their last comment and this week when they started posting, an account 1 day old, another account with a huge commenting gap to date, and a fairly normal looking account. I guess it's up to the community whether they care someone was paid to submit the article they're reading and commenting on. It's not like we haven't been having interesting discussions, and one way or another these things would have made it to the front page of HN considering the connect() event is today. But...why? Japan has been mastering the art of picture-in-picture boxes for the last 30 years of television. The livestream is talking about how 2 methods of water cooling at the Fukushima power plant, but there's no immediate danger because of some third system. Anybody have more details on this? "Right now the water temperature is 27 degrees and the water temperature will not rise to dangerous levels... for a while." Hm. Short article, very fun to read about these alumn though. I'm not so bought in on the idea that silicon valley itself was the thesis her - seems like it's just an argument in general for real world networking. I'm bought in to that, I've never regretted a single meetup I've been to. Well, that's nice to have the same exact warning here in the comments that the article has, but I'm not sure it's necessary? The idea that the agency banning the magnet balls is ignoring much more dangerous issues such as pools or balloons is interesting - I can think of many examples of disproportionate government enforcement. For example, huge sentencing for computer crimes that under the right circumstances can be more punitive than what a child molester or violent assaulter could expect, or the entirety of the insane war on drugs. I'd be curious to see what kind of "balancing" could be done on the legal system. This has always been my problem with websites like codeacademy, and I started my entire career by learning through that website. Take the Javascript course - a fantastic way to get introduced to the syntax of the language, and I highly recommend it for total noobies. But then you come out of it with no understanding whatsoever about what javascript is . If I asked someone who just finished the course to make an "app" that console.log'd to the console, they wouldn't understand where to start. They wouldn't know that JS is a language run in the browser, that they need an HTML file with a script tag or a node file that they can run in the terminal. They wouldn't know about DOM manipulation, etc. This reminds me of the Java class I took in highschool - the teacher was going on about ints and floats and loops, and the only questioned I wanted answered, and never got an answer for, was "what does `public static void main` mean?" I think the fact that I never got an answer to questions like that are why it took me nearly 3 years into my career to figure out I should be a developer. I'm convinced adding my middle initial to my email has been the most effective spam prevention technique I've implemented. That's a big part of many bootcamps' marketing model. Start in web dev, move on to other things. Well, that's me in a nutshell though. If I don't get the answers I need soon, I get frustrated and it becomes nearly impossible to stay focused or motivated. With web development, I was lucky in that I had teachers that were willing to humor my curiosity, and I could also hop on the internet and IRC channels. Self learning is the opposite of the classroom issues I had. I can start a webpack tutorial, it'll mention Make, and I can click links and chase down information, and just keep my stupidly ADHD brain entertained with more and more new new new things. This is how I have to learn things, apparently. I specifically remember coming back from a trip to China and witnessing a customs agent screaming at this small group of old Chinese folks "YOU NO GO THERE. YOU COME HERE. NOW." Like, how hard is it to do a basic 2 hour training in "communicating with non english speakers" so you can stop your staff insulting and screaming at non-native speakers? Or if you lose your internet connection. or if your app crashes. This can only be good. Despite some of the silliness of copying only surface level things and massive busses of Chinese tourists, any challenge to the status quo in China and Taiwan is refreshing. I'm no expert, from my layman experience working in both countries, I feel there is an opportunity to dominate industries in both countries by adopting a different work culture. For example, a design firm I worked at in Taiwan absolutely had the margins to pay its employees better than it was, but non-technical junior employees were making ~30,000TWD (~1kUSD)/month with 60-70 hour workweeks. The designers made about 45K TWD, and the engineers about 60K TWD, each successively working more sane hours, but still much more than their American and European counterparts. Benefits were laughable. Not only were the hours absurd, they were inefficient - people would stay in the office because the boss hadn't left yet, the boss hadn't left yet because bosses should stay late. Meetings were comically disorganized and useless. Lunches were considered "unpaid" time. Holidays on Friday meant you had to come in on Sunday to make up for "lost time." Inefficiency combined, painfully, with a boss's idea that more hours = more work, and everyone suffered for it. Maybe I'm being overly optimistic, but I hope to one day move back to Taiwan, pop open a company in design or hardware, pay 120kTWD/mo to my staff (that's 44k/year USD), focus on efficiency, employee retention, develop, and benefits, and start poaching the top talent in the country. Efficient practices would mean I'd be paying less people more and getting more bang for my buck as my employees would be highly talented and still getting as much done as twice as many subpar, overworked employees. It may not even cost me more, but if it does, not having a bunch of old and useless middle and upper management sucking up profit off the margins, and not having to funnel money to the pockets of Mainlander investors would more than make up the difference. I've developed the fantasy to the point that I've thought perhaps I'd catch media flak over my "stupid" high wages, and the debates I'd cause would only generate more interest and attention in my company and product - something like Stratton Oakmont or Gordon Ramsay's first restaurant, where he kicked out a food critic he didn't like and exploded in popularity for it. I mean, I quit my crappy design job there to work 16/hour weeks as an English Teacher and pulled in 60k TWD/mo for my efforts. It's totally fucked in Taiwan. EDIT: I'd like to add that when it comes to health benefits, they aren't really a thing in Taiwan because the cost of healthcare is shockingly cheap - and that's before you get national healthcare insurance, which is standard for employment. I mean benefits more in the sense of sane lunch breaks, vacation and personal time, options/stocks, bonuses, continued education, commuter benefits, etc. These essentially don't exist in Taiwan. I like the idea of it being a detox and nothing more. I understand that political discussions can drag a site down, just look at reddit, but in the long term ignoring everything political can only hurt us. When it comes to topics like net neutrality, environment, and security/encryption, we can be doing the job of the government itself by crippling our grassroots/discussion efforts. Being aware of the government stepping in our gardens is important, and if the side effect is sometimes we get mad at eachother, well, at least we're aware. I am more behind that idea that I can express!! In the USA especially, the amount of money teachers make should be criminal. The rest of the world should be laughing in our faces every day at how stupidly we treat our education system. I am genuinely surprised we even have teachers at this point, and I come from a family of teachers. That being said, I was a white, foreigner, part-time English teacher in Taiwan. I had an actual Taiwanese teacher that worked full time with me teaching the classes that made less per month. I had Chinese English-teacher friends that made less than me. Foreign teachers typically teach in "buxibans," or "cram-schools," a remarkably profitable industry that soaks up absurd tuitions from the Taiwanese upper class parents so that their kids can be exposed to a native English speaker for a couple hours every day. Chinese culture in general does have a much higher respect for Teachers, but you'll still make more money as an engineer. EDIT: I rant a lot. My actual reply should be - technically engineers do make more than teachers in taiwan, just not more than foreign English teachers. Foreign engineers pull the same salaries they would back home - i.e. like 500% more than their Taiwanese counterparts. I don't understand, what's wrong with that? I've never used Go so I'm asking out of ignorance. People in that thread are arguing about exclusion, sexism, etc, but a simple enough reason to change the name is "I can't say I'm using this library in front of the investors and keep a straight face." Wait, how is that a thing? I'm a pure JS developer (for now) but I don't understand how something framed on desktop OSs could compile to JS, a browser language. Does it compile to Node maybe? Which version of JS? EDIT: I'm googling now to learn more but I'm not asking to challenge anybody, I'm asking because probably you guys know more than me and I wanna know how this works. So I don't know much about Java, but I was under the impression that it compiles to a binary fie (like C), and thus could do things that directly affect the hardware like malloc. How would Javascript handle something like that? I'm not aware of Javascript being able to perform these kinds of tasks. I guess they just have workarounds, like what you're saying for file access? I like Hackernews because I actually learn things here and have genuinely interesting conversations with relatively polite people, but we only seem to talk about tech stuff. Cryptography, web dev, programming, etc. Nobody here wants to talk about like, motorcycles or raising pet rats or other things I'm interested in outside of technology, so it can't replace reddit for me. I don't understand the idea of "preventing a cheater from seeing votes." The only way I can think to "cheat" reddit votes is to just throw a bunch of bots at a post. Presumably, one knows how many bots one has. If the idea is you don't know which bots are shadowbanned and which aren't, it would be trivial to just have your own private subreddit that the bots post in regularly, and see whose posts become visible to other accounts. I moved to SF from Houston, began self learning, and joined a bootcamp. It was financially stressful and terrifying and I'm still paying off personal debts accrued, but I believe I would have had a much harder time in a different city. I was a recruiter before, and I say, go where the jobs are. If you hop on linkedin and search "front end" and filter to Bay Area, posted last 24hrs, you should see ~1000 jobs (maybe not this month). Per Day. Every day there are thousands of jobs opened up that are very open to the idea of a self taught or bootcamp educated person. Basically, this city seems much more of a meritocratic system than Houston or Austin, other cities I'm familiar with. Also, the pay is excellent out here. I second what others are saying about portfolios. I always say, if I asked you to make pong in your given language, you should be able to do so in a couple of hours from scratch and be able to send it to me to run on my computer/phone. That's the level you want to be at and that's the kind of apps that should be on your portfolio. I have gone into more detail of my experience at my blog: blog.calebjay.com, and the archive section links to my older blog with some other details about my transition. I'm also happy to speak with anybody here or privately through email (see my profile) that's interested in how they can make this happen for themselves. I moved from a crap job, a crap life (financially, I'm a happy guy otherwise), and really no future to an engineer. I went from having no future to having a guaranteed career, forever, barring catastrophic global economic collapse. I really can't express the feeling of having the weight of future-worry taken off my shoulders, but I know I want as many people that were where I was at a year ago to feel it, and I will go out of my way to help any way I can. EDIT: Here, this link may take you directly to a search that demonstrates what I mean https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search?keywords=%28%E2%80%9Cso... That's the query I used in my job search, it worked quite well. Bay Area also has the highest concentration of startups and smaller companies that are notoriously open to non-traditionally educated developers. Try changing the location to Houston, Denver, Austin, Seattle, the entire state of Wisconsin, DC, etc and notice the difference. Try searching on angel.co in those cities. I think unarguably the Bay Area has the highest concentration of jobs open to self-educated developers, the question is, can you afford to live here for the several months it may take you to get a job? 53$ is shockingly low for Bay Area, after taxes. 80K is also low... Hack Reactor bootcamp grads are generally pulling 100-125 straight out, so, what, 85 after taxes? My friend in Houston is trying this right now but it's incredibly stressful. A lot of companies aren't interested because he's unsure whether he's even coming to their city, some are turned off because they assume he'll want relocation, not to mention it's emotionally trying for him to hop from city to city for interviews and not even know where he wants to settle. Why? I think this question is implying a desire for explanation of pros/cons for a city. I think a sociologist could write a thesis on the never ending argument of how a resume "should" look. Anyway I put them under "projects," right next to a couple company projects. The projects section is structured very similarly to the "work" section. It's exposition. It kind of sucks because we'd like to suspend our disbelief and pretend we're entering a "real" world when we watch a movie, but movies and books are doing more than just "showing scenes from the life of ___," they're telling a story to an audience. An audience needs to be told sometimes what a rootkit is, or that this character has a history of x or y, because the audience didn't grow up with the characters and experience all their shared experiences, or sit in university with them and learn rootkits alongside them. Well, for reference, I graduated in September and my cohort are all pulling above 100. Hack Reactor's expansion is old news - they acquired Makersquare nearly 2 years ago, they settled on 2 floors of students earlier than that, quite early in their history really. As long as we see 1000 unique jobs posted on LinkedIn daily, which is the case right now, Bootcamps will continue to profit off the massive lack of general web dev talent. I'd expect a crash to be more of a general economic crash than any fault of the bootcamps. I can't speak for how other bootcamps are operating. So far the only model that I've seen make sense is HR and Makersquare, which are now the same. 01001000 is H 01101000 is h http://www.asciitohex.com/ try and play around with it, it's fun. So what's the difference between google now, the google voice search thing at the top of my android galaxy s5, the pixel assistant, and the allo assistant? Because they are all different, to my eyes. They all have different commands they can do. It's just obscene. There's uber ads on google maps? Is this a slow rollout or something? I haven't seen this, and it's not like I have adblocker on my phone. Many doctor offices still have horrifying paper record systems, don't use e-invites, etc. Companies are fixing this but the market is still huge. I don't know why the few companies that are in the IoT space for oil and gas aren't scooping up literally billions in missed opportunities for sticking cell-enabled sensors on oil platforms, fields, etc. Then there's the next billion dollars waiting for whoever starts sticking controllers next to the sensors on valves, etc. Drone inspection and repair in oil and gas. People are doing this but it's taking way too long to take off for how much money is there just waiting to be picked up. Sticking a laser scanner on a drone. Again, people are doing it, but what the fuck, there's so much money just sitting there. If you're looking for contract work, just start browsing random EPC websites and calling up the shitty ones. Probably a good 10,000 at least that are still rocking 1995 crapsites, and not in the "good" "low functionality low load time" way, the "using tables for layout" way. Trains should be automated. They already are in Taiwan for some lines, it's been feasible for years. Motorcycle safety is still subpar for where we are in material science. There are a lot of riders out there that will pay buckets for greater safety. We've figured out how to not get our skin ripped off but I believe there's still a market for preventing broken bones, spinal snaps, decapitations, and the like. Somehow we still don't have GUI HUDs in our moto helmets. Like BMW is working on something but honestly it would be a relatively simple and profitable thing for a very small startup (2 man team working part time). Literally even just casting your smartphone screen to the visor would be enough to get people buying so they can have a HUD map and shit. Big market for motorcycle storage solutions. I giggle whenever I see someone with an ammo box strapped onto their sports bike. We already dropped hundreds on gear and thousands on the bike, we spend many more hundreds or thousands on modding the things, there's ample opportunity for more elegant and functional storage solutions. VR allows for limitless desktop screen space in a portable package. I'd like to be able to bring an HTC vive and a tiny screenless box to plug it into that would allow me to have a "multi-monitor" setup while I travel. Some say the resolution isn't there yet, I say make the text bigger. I have no problem reading the stuff in steamVR. I get made fun of every time I bring it up but I'm convinced people are stupidly ignoring lighter than air travel, transportation, and data distribution, especially in an automated sense. Google has their wifi balloon thing but they dropped their blimp transport truck project. I think it could've been a thing. There may be some margins available in teaching low-income people how to cook and eat basic foods instead of frozen meals. It took me to getting scholarshipped into college to realize that we were losing buckets of money eating frozen meals and fast food because we thought it was the "cheapest option," not to mention how unhealthy we were for it. Think like somehow getting low-income folks to buy potatoes, onions, peppers, dried beans, cheap cuts of meat, etc and demonstrating how it's faster, cheaper, healthier, etc. Potentially a gov funding opportunity, would save on EBT and healthcare costs. Kids learn by doing. Good luck changing anything about education in the USA though. Someone would be able to take over any industry in Taiwan that they please if they start up the company and instantly pay 2x local salary, give PTO, and have other basic benefits that we take for granted here. It wouldn't be much, you'd be paying ~44k/year USD for an Engineer, for example. You'd be able to poach the best talent, you'd draw shitloads of negative press from pissed of old Taiwanese businesspeople (no press is bad press), everyone would be telling you you're wrong, and you'd Donald Trump your way straight to the top. Think Scranton Oakmont or Gordon Ramsay as well. Just don't break the law. Also learn Chinese. Apologies, I hate when people do that to me. EPC means "engineering, procurement, and construction" company. So like, lyondell-basell or jacobs engineering or foster wheeler (now AMEC) or Mustang (not the car) or KBR. PTO = Paid Time Off. Catchall for vacation time, sick time, holidays. Not that I disagree that iPhones are big, but cmon, "the biggest business on earth?" This is a planet that has Oil business, Telecom business, medical products, rice, coffee, fish, illicit drugs, pharmaceutical drugs. There are other businesses that are in a class well beyond a mere consumer electronic device, iPhone or no. OneNote plus a surface pro 3 were game changing for me in school. All of my notes digitized and accessible for study from my phone or whatever, an infinite whiteboard, a tablet + stylus that actually let me take written notes. They have a writing-to-text feature as well that unfortunately doesn't work too well, but we can't have everything I suppose. That feature requires an Office subscription though. Meh. I mean I feel you, but I think speech patterns like that help normalize communication based on who you're talking to and who's doing the talking. Since this is a sort of investor-announcement level press-release style thing, a lot of people would be alarmed if the post started out "Sup yall Dropbox here telling it like it is." Comfort in predictability. I don't know why you'd expect better from UX, Google has had notoriously terrible UX for as long as I can remember. Off the top of my head - blogger/blogspot, youtube, hangouts android app, google voice android app, gmail settings, google maps (especially the android app), etc. I was under the impression the FBI and CIA are separate agencies from the IRS, i.e., they can't just secretly tell the IRS to audit someone. I never understood this mindset here, maybe because we didn't have it in Houston where I grew up before moving out to the Bay Area for an engineering job. I found a nice small but profitable company and am quite cozy here, but people are always telling me I need to do the 2 year startup hop. It seems like gambling to me - 2 years of my life again and again in the hopes I'll strike gold? I'd rather slowly and steadily squirrel away savings and grow my 401k and other investments while actually enjoying my work. That reminds me - gmail hangouts vs inbox hangouts vs hangouts hangouts vs hangouts android - contact sharing is essentially useless. No way to search for a contact in your contact list from ANY of those except android. So if I want to text someone I haven't in a while, I need to first text them from my phone before having access to the conversation thread in web clients. Google has a massive search business that composes the majority of its profits, apple has huge enterprise contracts for stuff like apple TV and the like that have nothing to do with their iphones, Microsoft has the obscenely large business side of the operation that has little to do with the Surface. The debugger changed how I code. So much better than any other node debug solutions. I don't know, I don't use intelliJ and I don't want to pay for webstorm. Somebody else probably knows. Anyway I like how low-memory-on-the-disk and low RAM usage VScode is, so I probably wouldn't enjoy intelliJ and webstorm for those reasons. I felt like even sublime was too bulky for me. Maybe they're good for other people and that's fine, but vscode just ticks all the right boxes. I wasn't aware it was possible to debug a running node server in the chrome browser until the addition of the 'inspect' flag in node 6. Maybe it was possible, I'm not superleet or anything. For client code I'd use the chrome debugger constantly. I mean for debugging a node server. Maybe there was some way I didn't know about. There's the 'inspect' flag in node 6 now that prints out a link you can copy into your chrome browser to debug server node code. If you can afford to pay a couple Chinese programmers this isn't a bad idea. You run the risk of your code just vanishing and a eerily similar Chinese product appearing a few months later, but depending on your financial situation you can be a sole funder in that case. Not that I have anything against using out of country programmers, but it's a fact that China does not strongly enforce copyright and does not go out of its way to protect foreign businesses. I don't know about Russia, India, South America, etc, I'd be curious about anybody that's done this sort of thing before. Tim Ferris always talks about it for things like running his support and returns and whatnot. If you can't say more your words are useless. The only thing you need to comment on this website is an email address. Unverifiable comments like this are harmful. How is it an important community? I thought it was a blogging platform? Can't users just migrate to wordpress? I'm all about paying for things that add value - I haven't been convinced webstorm will add value. I am very fortunate in my means right now, but I come from a poor family, and spending money is emotionally trying for me. I gain pleasure from pushing my monthly expenses down as tight as I can. It seems melodramatic but paying for webstorm might just stress me out - I'd constantly feel a need to justify it, like when I tried subbing to World of Warcraft - I'd catch myself calculating fun per dollar. Euck. Anyway I'm a simple front end dev so I don't think it's necessary for now. As I branch out into Python perhaps Webstorm's tools will add tremendous value, I have seen some cool stuff but I just don't need it for now. I've been attacked before, even by employers, for claiming I need Adderall to work. I'm told ADHD isn't real, I just need to suck it up and focus, that I'm an addict, etc. I've never really found an apt metaphor to describe what ADHD is and why I need to medicate it. To many people, disease is on or off - you either have the virus or pathogen or missing chromosome, or you don't. The sliding scale of mental illnesses is hard to describe. So if I say I can't focus , they say "lots of people can't focus ." I try to use obesity as a metaphor, like, lots of people are fat, most people can become not fat by eating right and working out, but a rare selection of people genuinely have a disease that make it difficult to the point of needing medication to aid their weight loss. They could still lose weight by doing the stuff other people do to lose weight, but it will be way harder and they'll never be able to achieve what other people can without medication. That's me and Adderall. Yea, I can work without it. I can meditate and suck it up and drink coffee or whatever. But I'm hamstringing myself, and I'm exerting way more energy than the average person does to do the "simple" thing of staying focused. Better if I just pop 5mg (I stay at the lowest possible dosage) of Adderall and actually be a functional member of society. I genuinely appreciate your advice, and I always like to investigate alternatives to Adderall. That being said, I've been tackling ADHD and depression from multiple angles for a couple decades now, and luckily that resulted in me finding I'm happier when I eat well and exercise (so I keep doing it), but in the end the medication is what it takes to allow me to perform alongside my colleagues. 90mg is an obscene amount of adderall. I'm wondering how no doctor or pharmacist over the years caught this addiction and reduced his prescription. In Texas I had to go in every 3 months for a reevaluation. I worked closely with my psychiatrist to help me keep my adderall dosage at the lowest possible. You're right, it's a powerful drug. When I went through a bout of depression, I didn't want to medicate because I was convinced I could just "tough it out." Maybe I could have, but over the course of months I never managed it, because the nature of depression is that it depresses your ability to think, act, motivate yourself, etc. A couple months on SSRIs and I was in a place where I could motivate myself to dig out of that hole. That was years ago and the things I learned while I was on SSRIs are enough to help me fight off the random upticks of depression I occasionally get, but now without medication. I can't speak for your roomates, friends, or the psychiatrists prescribing them drugs. I can say that ADHD is a real disease, is documented, and Adderall is a recommended treatment (among others). Take a look at the other comments - as I said, mental disorders are not "on/off," and symptoms of mental disorders can be things that everyone in the world "just exhibit" - i.e. occasional depression, inability to focus, even delusions, panic attacks, or hallucinations. If you didn't get enough sleep one night and had mild hallucinations, that doesn't mean you have Schizophrenia. Now imagine you dealt with that, all the time, no matter what you did. That's why medication exists for mental illness. In any case, regardless of your personal opinion, it's not really up to you. ADHD is real, according to doctors, and unless you are a doctor, you don't have anything more than a layman's opinion. Apologies for being harsh, but this is what I deal with. See: https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/attention-deficit-hyp... Under DSM-5, it is listed at F90.0, .1, and .2. If you believe your friends or roomates are addicted to adderall or inappropriately prescribed, I recommend reaching out to their family, who can contact their pscyhologist. Modafinil is on my list, I'm considering switching to it early next year to possibly replace adderall. If anybody is in a similar boat to me and is curious what my experience will be on it compared to adderall, I'll be publishing an extensive analysis on my blog, which is accessible through my user profile on this site. OOh, juicy controversial comment. I hope some people take the time to read it instead of passing over it because it's slightly greyed out. I for one don't agree that reddit and facebook have a "duty" to remain uncensored. If Breitbart is allowed to be overtly pro-Conservative while claiming to be the only "real" news source, reddit and facebook should be allowed to do whatever they please. All the other news agencies do it, what makes facebook so special? Were you talking to your psychiatrist about this at the time? If you were prescribed medication there should have been a doctor involved in the process at some point that could consult you about possible side effects of the given drug and addressing them, probably by changing medication. It wasn't for me. It may be for some. I can relate very much to the depth vs breadth first as a metaphor to my working type when I'm on vs not on my meds. The symptoms of the disease don't necessarily translate to having the disease. Not everyone that is sad has clinical depression, not everyone that is obese suffers from glandular disorders. Etc. I can't add much more value than CocaKoala's response already has, but in the end while I don't know what it's like for them, I don't really have to. I trust the medical science and various doctors that indicate to me I have a disease that I need to treat. I believe them when they demonstrate that my behavior/inability to focus is abnormal. Experience with depression has taught me this is the right stance to take - while I have had friends who were sad, and were able to "get over it," when I was very sad (clinical depression though I would refuse to call it that at the time) I wasn't able to just "get over it." I fought and fought and never "got over it." I finally caved and trusted the school psych grad student that was urging me to see a professional, saw a psychiatrist, got medicated, and solved the problem. Now I understand that when it comes to illness, sometimes I just have to trust my doctor and follow their advice. It's blocked behind a registration which is free. How does someone registering for the site get them money? I'd argue that the ability to make a "valid self assessment" is missing from every person on the planet. We can only use the tools available to us, i.e. track our workflow against our peers, our performance in academia, etc. I agree that we shouldn't encourage people to not seek help, that's no good. But people with the disease sharing how they can leverage it to their advantage can help. UPS drivers drive a UPS truck. UPS pays for the gas and maintenance. That's a pretty big difference. I've wanted to test something similar - holding up a giant "Speed Limit: 75MPH" sign when a google car drives by on these little 30mph Mountain View roads and see what happens. Probably nothing but I can't shake the comical thought of one of those little bugs rocketing to turbo mode while the dude inside is frantically slapping the big red "stop" button. Probably right, because when I use google maps' navigation mode, it sometimes has a little speed limit sign in the top right corner. It is a theory, like everything else in physics, including the workings of gravity. It's a bit of a shame that in elementary school and high school, people are taught about "facts" such as Newtonian physics without exploring also some of the weirdness of quantum physics that challenges classic physics. I.e. I had no idea about all the controversy around how gravity "actually" works until I read a book on string theory - I went 25 years just assuming "yup gravity is a thing and we understand 100% how it works." Sorry, I don't have a book to recommend, just babbling away. EDIT: Maybe the string theory book I read would be a good place, actually? I can't remember if it delves much into anti matter - The Elegant Universe: Superstrings, Hidden Dimensions, and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory (Paperback) https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8049273-the-elegant-univ... > You don’t have to see Linux’s horrible UI. lol excuse me? Actually now I'm thinking, what does he mean by "Linux?" Like, Ubuntu server? Is the UI for that considered bad? I'm coming in with very little knowledge of Hawaii, but having lived in Taiwan, beef was very expensive compared to back home in Texas because there isn't really any cattle industry on the mountainous island - it's all imported. Wondering if it's the same for Hawaii and thus they stand to make quite a bit of money selling locally? Or shipping to the relatively close Asian/Pacific Islands that also don't have cattle? For some reason that just strikes me as hilariously hacker-newsish. Every time I come here there's a thread full of niche experts fervently discussing yarn, clay tile roofs, or boats or whatever. "Check out this site, it's got cool boat news." Love it, love that it exists, love that people read it. I haven't found any reply blog posts yet but I'm curious about rust. Has anyone found a response to the call to action at the bottom of the post? NP dude I got you. Edward Snowden escaped from Hong Kong. But if it works, how is it a gamble? On the other hand, this will lead to us only being able to read the blogs and personal websites of people who are able to dip into their own money and time to make and host a blog. I'd be very interested in reading about the life of exactly not that kind of person. Did you use JS for anything else? Any dynamic content or even some UI ala jqueryUI? Locking comments to subscribers only is an awesome idea. I always thought reddit gold was a pretty good idea as well. Reminds me of Something Awful - 5 bucks to register kept out the worst commenters. Mostly. Oh man there's some sort of volcanic park north of Berkely, CA that we visited once, and up on some mountain was a firewatch tower with a dude just chilling in there looking for smoke. He worked up there in 2 week shifts, just up on a mountain reading books and watching for smoke. Seemed like an awesome job, especially if you could get a data tether (he did) and do some programming on the side. Total anecdote here, but when I volunteered at our aquarium in Charleston, SC (amazing aquarium, go check it out), we had a problem where our flounder were vanishing from their tank. We suspected theft and so put a camera up in the back room. The next time flounder disappeared we checked the feed - one of our octopi was escaping from his tank that we thought we had already anti-octopus'd, climbing over the walls, breaking into the flounder tank, eating a flounder, and then breaking back out of the flounder tank and back into his . The weird thing isn't that he went to go eat a flounder, it's that he broke back into his own tank after, leaving us scratching our head for weeks over where the flounder were going. Obviously if we came in one day to see an octopus in the flounder tank the mystery would be solved day 1. Anyway we put carpet on the walls so his little suckers couldn't stick and let him carouse around the aquarium like some sort of aquatic monkey. I feel like I'm the only one that likes Jira more than Trello. I started on Trello, then moved to a company that uses Jira, and couldn't be happier. It's just so functional . Why does everyone hate on it? I completely disagree with you. I believe you are describing solutions to problems that can make someone sad or frustrated, which is a fine thing. I'm all about being real about your life situation and doing something about it. However, depression is a disease independent of external factors. I had it when I had arguably one of the coolest jobs in my life up until that point. I treated it with medication, got out of the slump, and applied techniques to stave it away. Those techniques are what you called "short term solutions." I think of them as long-term preventative measures to stave off the chemical imbalance that can cause depression. Regular exercise keeps up your serotonin and endorphin levels, as well as helps you maintain a healthy body-image. Interacting with people, also increases serotonin and endorphin levels, and ensures you don't feel lonely. Engaging creatively keeps your brain active and, you guessed it, increases serotonin and endorphin levels, as well as distracts from the "why do I bother" feeling, aka, gives you a "reason." One of the most important lessons I ever learned when I had a shit job. I kept thinking "if I just get a better job, then I'll be happy." Then I realized how much it would suck if my internal happiness depended totally upon externalities - who's to say a good job is the "best" job? If I adopt that mindset I'll always be chasing the carrot on the stick. The important thing is to do what is necessary to be happy no matter what, and then focus on the externalities (the "problems" you describe). >before the darkness sets in and messes with your sensors I like this language, "messes with your sensors." Depression is a disease within the brain, and naturally it's difficult to observe a system from within that system - especially when those observational tools are affected by the system itself. So it's really hard to know you have depression and take the steps to treat it, when you have depression. Treatment doesn't have to be medication or therapy, as I said in my post I consider exercise, meditation, and mindset modifications to be forms of treatment. It's certainly how I handle upticks in depression now that I don't medicate anymore. Happiness for me can be just as much reflecting on the awesome things that have happened to me in the past, and where I am now, as much as it can be looking forward to the future. I don't think there's something wrong with setting "happiness" as a goal - I think the important thing is separating that goal from other ones. So not attaching "achieving happiness" to "when I get a raise," instead just looking at internal things you can do to "be happy" in whatever situation. But exercise, good diet, and not being in a stressful situation does help. Yes, the same here, I came into a company with JIRA set up like a trello board, and all this awesome integration (stuff gets moved from "in progress" to "code review" automatically on a PR on that feature branch) and I got to work on top of the shoulders of giants. Hah, I mean, we weren't a research aquarium, and this was ten years ago, but calling the local university wouldn't have been a terrible idea. Woah, wild. Well, in my case, I don't have the video footage because this was 10 years ago, so yup this falls right into the same hearsay category as those two. I would guess that Octopi just tend to do this. They really are smart and can fit through crazy small spaces. Same for me and WoW - I'll start up every expansion, play a couple months, and unsubscribe no sweat. I do it again and again because I know I'm not really "committing" to 15 bucks a month, because it'll be easy to cancel. But people don't believe proof that a lie is a lie - see the entire Trump phenomena. All he has to do is Tweet "fake news," and people won't believe any attempts to rationalize. I would say in cases like that it's probably other people who also have little understanding of HR practices. I think the smartest thing my company did was hire a professional recruiter to supplement the HR team - she brought me on, as well as maybe 25% of this office, solo. She contacted me within about a day of me responding to a reasonably well written linkedin JD, stayed on top of me almost daily, and had sold me on the company, with an offer in hand, within 2 weeks of initial contact. Just having someone who's job it is to recruit, and who's good at that job, can make a world of difference. I know a lot of startups just have the engineering manager or CEO themselves do it, which is a shame, because you can easily contract it out for something like a 10-20% finder's fee to a good recruiter/agency. Say what you want, there are good ones out there. I want to know your bookmarking methods because you clearly have it figured out :P Well, if it had imported the body-part damage bits from GTAIV (which it didn't), at least those are easily fixed by tweaking some data points. He addresses in his next points, by causing a news event that drives the price against the dollar up or down. That's an awesome sell, but didn't it get up to 1000$? It appears that part of the lawsuit is that Microsoft didn't adequately prepare them for the job. I highly doubt they realized what they were getting themselves into from the start. Furthermore, when it comes to employment lawsuits like this, "didn't have any choice in the matter" is the equivalent of "could have quit instead of doing this." Quitting your job to avoid something your company wants you to do is not a valid answer - the company should not be asking you to do whatever that thing is. Hence, the lawsuit. Outside of some silly things that the CA gov does (why does everything cause cancer lol? Why are there like 15 transit agencies in the bay area?) my move to here from Texas was like seeing what the world can really be like. In Houston, if I wanted to hike, I had to wake up early and make a 2 hour drive for the good ones. Might as well just go on to Austin. If I wanted to camp, there was ONE good place within an hour drive, otherwise, going on up to Austin or Enchanted Rock. But in mountain view, I can go straight from work to Rancho San Antonio. If I'm feeling a one nighter backpacking trip, Henry W Coe is an hour and a half drive. Big Sur. That volcanic area north of Berkeley. Dayhike opportunities are too numerous to count. I love it. What about the architecture/design itself, is any of that open? Could I find a design, send it off to china, and have them print off a couple hundred, even at a much higher price than some other processor? Maybe it's because I'm on mobile but I have no idea what's happening. There a number at the bottom with some sort of countdown (I think) happening, I click a number, screen flashes red, there's a small Sudoku board on the right. Total confusion haha, can you explain? Agreed, and the author even sets us up for this - again and again he mentions how the largest sink is the drivers, the largest cost is the drivers, the biggest blocker is the drivers. Remove the drivers from the equation and things suddenly become a lot simpler. Imagine if instead of becoming an uber driver, you retrofit your car with an Uber Automated Car Taxi Converter(c), "guaranteed to put your car to work for you!" I like your points, but I like even more how you just hopped on and essentially shouted into the internet "hey everyone, I'm trying to buy a bidet." Well maybe not disruption, but there's plenty of space for consultation and integration. So pretend you're a medical doctor starting a business around a medical device you invented - you don't read hackernews, you've been busy the last 8 years doing medical stuff. Also you don't live in the Bay Area and thus aren't generally knowledgeable about all these different solutions. Now you need to figure out how to get office space, remote work, accounting, hardware (what is linux? You can share folders on a local network? Printers can connect to the network, really?) communication (oh slack I've heard of that, never used it) etc. There's money there. I don't understand why they did this. I have used Voice as my primary number for maybe 5 years now. Hangouts was working fine with it. Now I need to decide between using hangouts or google voice? Honestly google, what the fuck. I wish. Now Google is aware of it again, it'll be gone within a year. I don't think "desperately force our users to stay in our ecosystem" is a very successful business model. Are you sure about that? Playing devil's advocate here, we have plenty of examples of scientists jumping the gun without being peer reviewed or going through a rigorous follow up testing progress, especially when it comes to medicine. The alzheimer's 60FPS blinking light example is pretty good - some scientists got it working on mice, but we don't know any potential side effects it could have on humans. Maybe none and that'd be great! Maybe it causes schizophrenia, who knows? We have no way of knowing yet! Just very very educated guesses. I say when it comes to medicine, err on the side of caution. Obviously a diagnosis app isn't too dangerous - worse case scenario the app gives you a positive diagnosis, so you go into the doctor's, they take a sample, and find the growth to not be cancerous. No harm, no foul. But other ideas could be more dangerous. I never thought doctors would be hit so soon by the automation/AI crisis, but this article challenges that thought. However, due to the state of robotics at the moment, surgeons for example aren't going anywhere for a good decade I'd estimate, and it's not like people can, in the mole example, self-remove a chunk of it for biopsy with 99% accuracy. Then there's treatment that has to be done at a hospital under monitor of professionals, etc. With respect, this seems very Bay Area short-sighted. Mozilla was open about targeting cheap, crappy phones, which my understanding makes up a very significant portion of the Android phone ecosystem. They were looking at those Spain, India, China markets, yes, and nailing those markets didn't really depend upon the opinions of comparatively extraordinarily rich Bay Area denizens or hackers. If you can afford a Galaxy s5 right now, even if you have to budget a bit, you are not the market that that OS was for (my understanding). Similar to that Facebook Internet thing - it wasn't for us, it was for people who can (and do) live two years off one of our paychecks. EDIT: I just read that review you linked and it suffers the same problem - a total lack of perspective. The only critical error I can see is the lack of internal battery to keep time synced, which will be a major setback for browsing because of authentication and whatnot. Other than that, the sorts of people spending 35$ on a phone do not care about the three different materials, the thickness, the shitty camera, etc. I've seen the most horrifying, hackneyed together internet connectivity solutions in China that to mock a 35$ phone for being "too thick" is to be just... out of touch. The numbers don't back either of your claims, though - significantly more people use Safari and Chrome than use Firefox. I for one appreciate chrome for the fact that it syncs with my google everything , across all devices, google accounts, etc. I'm probably going to hate myself for my blase attitude towards security when I inevitably end up on some massive dump of hacked accounts, but I've kind of given up on privacy/security. It's just so convenient to be able to pull up on my phone the tab I had open on my browser when I'm in the kitchen cooking, or whatever. I agree that this can be useful for this use-case. Right now I'm bulking so it's more important for me to have a general "good estimate" of my calories and macros over a week, rather than a hyper-refined daily view, where I need a granularity of 100 calories or I haven't lost weight that day. For my situation, it's more about "damn, I ate 1000 calories over last week, oh wow lol it's because I got super stoned on friday and ate half a pizza, ok, so next week eat 2 eggs instead of 3 for breakfast to make up for it." This app definitely wouldn't work for a cut, though, because I need my measuring cups and spoons to do that right. I think the idea would be something along the lines of scale, and locking down an untargeted market. A sort of long-term plan, maybe hoping to corner a huge (greater than 1 billion) population of folks whose families might one day be targetable by ads for purchasing things and are already inside the ecosystem, or merely pulling a 1$ profit off a 35$ dollar phone... times 1.2 billion sales. I mean pie in the sky but I don't think "these people are poor" means there isn't money to be made. There's also government social welfare contracts to consider, or good faith agreements with a government that allows you to corner a more profitable market (you provided five hundred thousand affordable phones to our people, so we'll let you lay fiber through our country / get through our Great Firewall / whatever). And "becoming active" can be as simple as starting to call up local clubs, meetups, universities, whatever, and asking to speak about how you can help them in x or y if you're elected. It can be talking to your neighbors or getting in with local bars and bands (depending on the issues your position will preside over). The Los Altos city council had a seat that was won over and incumbent with a difference of like 7 votes last election, these local elections are very accessible. At the very least the site should ask your age as well as your location. Otherwise, it'd show every US citizen as eligible to run for president, which obviously isn't true for anybody under, what, 35? I'd argue the opposite - high pay gives us the freedom to save up enough to take a lesser paying job with little detriment, because we can depend on our cushy savings. That is, if you live well below your means. Maybe I have a kind of stilted perspective because I came to programming from a job where I was making 40k, and other than the increase in rent by 400$/mo moving to the Bay Area, my cost of living / cost of comfort hasn't gone up. To me, it just feels like I have a much larger cushion, with lots more opportunity. Dunno, lemme give it a shot: First off, if a compromise can be found, that could solve the problem instantly - for example, if instead of abortion, a fetus could be removed and implanted safely in another woman, or in a laboratory, and brought to term, and there was a legal apparatus in place to ensure the child received care, that could eliminate the "killing" aspect of an abortion while preventing a woman from being forced to keep a rape-induced pregnancy to term. That doesn't exist yet though, so, lemme try this, though I feel very dirty doing so: If abortion is murder, then there's no legal justification in carrying it out because one is a victim of a crime, even if the abortion is a "solution" to one of the long-term effects of that crime (the rape). Just as one is not allowed to steal to replace stolen goods, one should not be allowed to "murder" an unborn child in response to a rape. Well, you're not wrong, it's a pretty hard argument to make without bringing religion in. Generally the well-educated believe it is ethical and moral research, but there's a vast swath of America that believe that it is unethical, either from a misunderstanding of how the research is done, or simply from a total moral objection to the research at all. So you're right, but it's still an issue until we can solve the misinformation problem. Step into any university Chemistry or Engineering building and it becomes very clear that the only reason the USA is still at the forefront of scientific advancement is because it has still convinced the highly educated of other nations that this is the place to be. Remove the desire for the Chinese, Indian, and Russian engineers to try to study and work here, and you remove the USA's competitive advantage, and you give back all that talent straight to the USA's biggest competitors. There's an Amazon ISP? Fr.a business standpoint, they'd be stupid not to. A good leak could mean an exclusive. I consider Canada a US competitor. Or the equivalent of removing life support and having them die slowly and painfully, rather than simply administering an overdose of morphine. I do like that the issues blend at this point, though - removing the placenta is something I haven't considered. It would be legal because you can legally take someone off life support. Probably because the trump subreddit does that super annoying "Upvote this post so that people see CNN when they search for fake news!" thing every few weeks. People like a good product. The sentiment scores are somewhat pointless, I feel. If you're concerned about astroturfing, all post history on this site is public. You can click a user's username to browse their comments. Bots are pretty obvious, I do this on reddit quite often. I like your idea, but it seems like then the government (or somebody) would have to have a guaranteed way to detect whether or not you're drinking soda, smoking, etc. Seems invasive. I mean, I want to consider myself a hacker, but I have no interest in OS programming, and everything I am interested in is on Github. >Time passes at the same speed on top of a mountain and at the bottom of a valley Woah, what? Like, they're talking about effects of relativity because someone is traveling "faster" as the earth spins at the top of a mountain? Why would it be relevant, then, for a programmer to know that? Also, layovers. Both of your cases sound like shitty places to work. Neal Stephenson put it something like: "The world had finally settled on an average comfort of living approximately equivalent to an Indian goat-farmer," in his book "Snow Crash." I guess a country would want to prevent that from happening, but on the other hand, wouldn't the human race strive to increase productivity and reduce scarcity to the point where the average lifestyle was a bit higher than an Indian goat-farmer? Because right now the average is I expect more along the lines of an untouchable. How would this generate returns on investment? Monetary returns, that is. I mean if I somehow magically become a billionaire I intend to throw money at the problem with no hope of ever making a return because I believe humanity's last hope is an offworld colony, but I doubt I'll convince any VCs to join in. In the article: >The spokeswoman said Uber sent the message to about 40 users who specifically referenced the allegations while deleting their accounts. She also said Uber has stopped sending the message to customers Maybe it'll land the guy a job if he show it off during an interview. Who knows? I like it, it's neat. Endorsements for skills you HAVEN'T listed must be accepted, but if you have a skill listed, anybody can endorse it for you. I think that's what OP meant - he had Python on there because maybe he knew a bit about it, and a bunch of randos just clicked the + next to it. Opposite of my experience. LinkedIn gave me a massive scope over engineers, with better filters than any of the many other sites we were using. What kind of recruiter waits for responses to their help ad? Maybe your endorsers thought you meant Squirrel-lang? (files of which end in .nut) Seriously? That's a fairly aggressive comment to just throw out there without any backing arguments. You really can't think of anything valuable about hooking up small devices/sensors to the internet? Do you really believe the potential for stronger security is so low that it's not worth investigating? I work at an IoT company and we take security far more seriously than some would say is necessary or even reasonable. We're not the only ones out there, you just don't hear about us because our stuff works and therefore doesn't make the news. Just like you don't hear about all the miles an automated car drives safely. That's the important bit to remember for a lot of these motorcycle statistics - so a squid with no gear might think "whatever man, I took the motorcycle safety course and I wear a helmet! I can lane at a delta of 40mph no problem!" Rather, all of those things combined (helmet wearing certificate-bearing registered-bike-owning) are the traits of a safe rider anyway, not necessarily the things that cause them to be a safe rider. I'm quite shocked that nobody stepped in when Mike2 called her a "whiny little bitch" in a meeting. She said the other men "were shocked" spare a couple that giggled. What the fuck kind of person stands around and does nothing when witnessing that kind of abuse in a professional environment? Who's the guy with fifty thousand Chromebooks? Goodness. https://www.ghc.org/healthAndWellness/?item=%2Fcommon%2Fheal... TLDR: It's probably not a heart attack if you can pinpoint the pain, if the pain gets worse on a deep breath, the pain is related to movement of your shoulder or arm, or if it only lasts a few second. You should call a doctor if the pain is mild but consistent and is untreatable by pain killers, and remains regardless of if you're resting or not. You should call 911 or get to a hospital immediately if your chest pain is "crushing" or "squeezing," and especially if it is accompanied by ANY ONE of the following: sweating, shortness of breath, nausea/vomiting, pain that spreads from the chest to the neck, jaw, or one or both shoulders or arms, dizziness or lightheadedness, fast or irregular pulse, severe weakness, inability to walk. So yea you don't go to the hospital for every pulled muscle, but do your best to memorize the above symptoms of escalating seriousness, and you should be ok. The only problem is a checkup on my fantastic insurance costs 25$, 50$ if I go to the urgent care. There was a time in my life when that would mean I'm eating beans and rice for 2 weeks to make up for that. It's a damn shame but going in "just in case" isn't really an option for everybody, especially if you're on the types of insurance lower-income people have (or, none whatsoever). Regarding insurance, I wonder if you would have gone in if you were Keith, who at 35 is working sales at a department store. He might not even have been insured. I'm currently wearing a Zio Patch, which generally is used to track and monitor arrhythmia over a 2 week period. The last time I got the results back there was a section for something along the lines of "cardiac arrest" or something (which had a nice 0 next to it for me). Whether the patch itself has the computational power to both sense and interpret a cardiac event like that, or whether they can only do that after in the lab, I don't know, but I bet it could be modified to start squealing if it detects a heart attack. It's basically a 2 week EKG. The only problem is my insurance pays 1000$ every time I wear it. Step onto a refinery and watch workers physically check gauges every day in a relatively dangerous environment. Oil fields, someone drives out every day in a pickup, checks gauges. Etc. I doubt anything more nefarious is happening than a flood of CF employees hitting the thread. Is that gaming? Furthermore, the NRA is pro-gun safety. I can't speak for the NRA, but myself and other members will be wearing orange on June 2nd. It's not like the NRA is going to run a "BUY MORE GUNS!" advertisement... it'll likely be something tasteful. Then again, I have been disappointed by the NRA's taste in the past. What if you went in saying you had chest pain? And what do you do for annual checkups? If you've had symptoms for a few hours that are untreatable by medication (like I said), then you call your doctor. Your doctor will tell you whether or not to come in. If it's chronic old-person pain, your doctor will find that out, and tell you next steps. If you've had symptoms for weeks/months, well, I guess that's probably not a heart attack, good job? Still should have gone in within the first day. All I remember about Splatoon was that there was no way for me to play with my friends. I love my 3DS, I use it all the time... yet the 3D slider has remained in the "off" position since within 3 hours of purchase. I've never heard of this type of judgement. Was this in the USA? What was your uncle's crime? Problem is, there are no "tells," particular of a religious orientation. They're denying them entry, or making them sit in the hit box? I haven't heard of people being denied entry. My black friend and I had a candid conversation about racism once, and he told me something along the lines of: "racism can make you a crazy person. A guy will walk into a room and say hi to everyone but you, and you'll wonder, was that racism? Or maybe that dude just didn't see me? You'll order a sandwich and the white girl behind the counter is flippant, you think, was that racism or was she just having a bad day? She's nice to the next dude in line, maybe they know each other, or is it cause he's white?" Humans are emotional creatures and social science is very much not-so-scientific at times, considering the complexity of the topic. Sometimes all we can do is talk about our feelings. Probably that It's Bad. Meh, I'm a white dude but I'll give it a shot. For the life of me I can't remember the name, but the Zelda for the DS with the painting/switching to 2d mode also captured that first couple Zelda games aesthetic. You could go to almost any dungeon whenever, and find all sorts of fun secrets scattered throughout the open world. Probably because people can't decide if ocarina of Time or the NES/SNES games are the "true" Zelda games. I think you'd like overwatch a great deal. There is literally no advantage whatsoever you can gain via having played the game longer other than your own increased skill, but there are some fun things like skins (well, I think they're fun.) Not only that, the barrier to entry is practically non-existent, and yet there oodles to master. My understanding is neither the switch nor Zelda are available to the public yet. Am I confused about your comment maybe? Depending on your definition of social media, and if we count Asia, Weibo, Wechat, and Line are major contenders. Facebook is a better messaging platform than SMS, for me, because I have friends spread across the globe that I can contact with a simple internet connection. For some reason whenever people use the word "frothy" to describe something, I gag slightly. Considering the state of the snapchat app on android, I absolutely agree. Well, I never "Hangouts" message someone, but I use hangouts as my daily SMS app, because texts come in through my google voice number. I don't understand then, from my perspective the release dates are far enough apart to not be a Titanfall situation. > If you want the general public to listen then you'd better be prepared to put up or shut up with regards to data. How does your argument stand in the Trump era, when a candidate can lie outright but appeal to feelings well enough to be elected president? When republicans can get on TV and say "we're about feelings, not facts"? The reality of the world does not reflect your personal opinion of what the world should be like. Before I left South Carolina they passed a law requiring terrorists to register as such. Theater is the right word. Food as well. When I worked at a grocery store, it boggled my mind to watch food stamps families buy frozen meals. I wasn't on food stamps but I was paycheck to paycheck, what made me aware that it was cheaper and healthier to buy dry beans and raw veggies but them, unaware? Why did that stop them, and not Google? I feel like you're refusing to address the main point here - google found this bug . It happened . They told Microsoft about it, and Microsoft hasn't fixed it 100% yet. I feel like calling one thing MIPSter and another thing mipster was a poor choice Did you reply to the wrong comment? Or maybe the phone app I'm using misorderered... Enough to be considered imperfect. "the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, N.J. The institute was the brainchild of its first director, Abraham Flexner. Intended to be a "paradise for scholars" with no students or administrative duties, it allowed its academic stars to fully concentrate on deep thoughts," I highly recommend reading "Anathem" by Neal Stephenson. The basic premise is there are institutions known as "Maths" that are essentially walled temples, the gates of which only open once every 1, 10, 100, and 1000 years (outermost gate annualy, 2nd innermost decmntennially, etc). Inside, a bunch of monks hang around studying "useless knowledge," which in this universe includes things such as particle physics (there's one "thousander" temple in which the monks just sit deep in a mountain staring at a giant pool of water to see if they can glimpse a flash of light). I always thought it would be really cool to have something similar in our world, I hadn't realized it's been pursued before. Nah as a Wisconsite "cheesy" just describes the natural state of food for me ;P Both of your points I find extremely surprising. I've found that mentioning that I have other offers makes me a more competitive pick (this reflects my experience when I was a recruiter as well), and that's very weird that they balked at your question about parking. Honestly you probably dodged a bullet. I don't know if they were necessarily dystopian. In the book, the Maths survive throughout global wars and other saecular catastrophes. So sometimes they'd come out of the gate and everyone would be cavemen, other times, 1980s style civilizations with televisions and cars. Seems like a pretty rosy situation to me. I think with Uber the "naughty" could be more that they'd set up shop in countries without e-taxi regulation set up, skirt around taxi laws, and become too big and valued by the community before the government would have time to react. I'm pretty sure you're clarifying, not challenging the OP by somehow suggesting Chinese-American isn't Asian-American... right? But maybe after learning there would be subtle difference in play between different players, based on their values. Just like after you learn the rules of the world and are an adult, you act differently. So for example I really just cannot bring myself to play a "dick" character in games like Fallout 4, Skyrim, Mass Effect, etc, but I know plenty of people who delight in it. The point of his post is "it's good for Snapchat in the long run - it indicates a healthy company." So, it's very good for investors who invested in the company , i.e. the sorts of people that won't be selling the stock within 2 days of buying it. They'll hold on, and presumably make money in the long run as the values drag down.... and back up beyond the ipo value. Gotta hand it to the CIA, they really know how to give things badass names. The only problem I take with the "write only" mindset is that memory has been demonstrated to be able to be "changed" after the fact - i.e. making a person "remember" that the color of the truck was red, even though it was blue and they had correctly stated remembering it being blue. Pork shoulder and pulled pork are fantastic in a pressure cooker. I don't really use mine for anything else. I got mad props when I wrote a simple scraper for one of the resume sites we were using that pulled reference info off resumes (oil and gas engineers like to put who they know on their resume) and stuck it into a spreadsheet. Happily, solving problems in that manner made me realize I love programming and led to me switching careers from that nightmare :) I swear I saw a paper on here a couple months back about some weird negative correlation between intelligence and tendency to breath through the mouth rather than nostrils. Like, somebody had managed to provide evidence that mouth-breathers are stupid. You can tailor the whiteboard problems to be something more than just memorizing algorithms. My company I'm at now whiteboarded with me bugs they found on my personal website. Can't you do model training with the google vision API? What do you guys plan to do with it? Another poster mentioned how it seems hard to imagine a business that has a model around "finding the sailboats in this batch of pics." Why not? That's just one of the ways to measure the "constant" 0 degrees Celsius. What that temperature is doesn't change just because you're at different air pressure. You don't say "water boils at 100 degrees celsius at every altitude," you say "huh neat water boils at different temperatures at different altitudes." I definitely read an article after that movie came out about confused moviegoers that thought it was based on a true story. >Comey also reiterated a plea for technology companies to enable authorities to access encrypted data on mobile devices and in messaging apps. At a "cyber" conference, whatever that means, but I assume it's the sort of place technology leaders will be hanging out. Aka, exactly the sort of people who would predictably react to his news that the FBI was unable to crack half of the devices they acquired through warrants with "oh, you were able to crack half? That's not good, we should increase security." What's with the government's thick skull when it comes to what the technology community wants? I think the majority has been quite clear. I don't really know much about functional programming. How can a variable not change? As a Texan it boggled my mind to hear people complain about immigration. Walk into UT, A&M, UH engineering departments, half the students are Chinese or Russian or Indian. In the grad programs it's even more. That means their best talent is here , paying US taxes, contributing to US companies, making the US more powerful, all the while contributing almost nothing to their home countries. How is that a bad thing! I don't get it! Learning Chinese is not as big as an obstacle as you might think, especially when it's that or find a way to past US immigration and afford school + living in the USA. When I lived in Taiwan, I knew a tremendous amount of south american students that had come for the graduate programs because the schools were on-par with American universities, the cost of living was extremely low, and Taiwan is very open to immigration. People are talking a lot about China in this thread, but I think Taiwan is the country to watch for. They already have a highly-educated population and are a major player in global high-tech hardware. If we were on a colony on mars where food, oxygen, and water were metered to the centiliter, I doubt you would bat an eye at enforced birth control and accidental-pregnancy control policy. It's an extreme example, but I want to underline that enforcing birth policy is not automatically immoral. China has a lot of people , of course they enforce birth policy. Taiwan has a low cost of living, highly educated population, fantastic universities, is deeply ingrained in hardware tech, has a relatively high immigrant population for students, and is very friendly to immigration. Japan has phenomenal universities and many foreign-study programs. New Zealand is pushing for international hires for tech and has several visa options available. It is has a very youth (20-30) oriented culture, is full of active people, and its natural resources are drop-dead gorgeous. The obvious question is will the US government allow one of its most profitable states to leave? Highly doubtful. Great way to start another civil war, though! I could make a strong argument, however, that a government seeking to strip the ability of states (cities) to have "sanctuary status" is fascist, or at the very least not very republican. Outside oil and crops, California assets are people, yea? Engineers. On the other hand, a train ride to Fulong beach is 1hr and costs 1$, or you can hike Elephant Mountain or one of the millions of other mountains, or you can bike through the mountains, or climb at one of the hundreds of walls, or pay $.50 to get into a gym.... I've never been as fit as when I lived in Taiwan :P The schools aren't the problem? How do you think the parents got into a position where they don't push their kids to succeed? Have you been to an inner-city school? How about a school in Mississippi or South Carolina? The government defunded the schools and created a culture of anti-intellectualism. Fixing education is just about as perfect a solution you can get to the myriad of problems this country faces. But it's also important to judge people by what they say, i.e. people saying "he doesn't actually grab women by the pussy, that's just locker-room talk." Then he would have to charge 10$/apple at the store, his follow-up point. I don't get it Children genuinely are constantly trying to find unique ways to kill themselves. That makes sense - high adrenaline causing extremely high resolution for memory write, but later the playback speed on a read is the same, so it seems slower when really it's just more detailed / takes up more tape. Potentially NSFW / terrifying videos: Multiple gopros record an in-air collision of skydiving planes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p6hqMnsLFY&list=FLR2K9vyQEB... Tangled chute: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciIjdvNo65s I can't find it but I've seen two more videos of people who have survived near freefall after parachuting accidents. One became a paraplegic IIRC. Cultural consensus. So, before it became illegal, offering 100$ to homeless and drug addicts in return for rendering them sterile. I disagree that he has done good. Between his attacks on the media and climate change facts, he is causing permanent damage in the popular trust in science. Aaron Swartz is mostly dead because of untreated mental illness. The things that happened to him were bad, but it's not MIT's fault he was suicidal. Coal industry is dead, pretending otherwise is not healthy or helpful. Attacking the media is not healthy or helpful. His most egregious crime is destabilizing public trust in climate change facts. The world climate is changing because of human actions, and drastic action must be taken by world leaders to prevent catastrophic damage (aka, human extinction events). Leaders like Trump that deny the facts contribute to the damage that may cause these extinction events. So if you call contributing to effects that could lead to flooding most of our major population centers with rising sea water over the next hundred years "making america great," by all means support the man. EDIT: Because Trump supporters always say "but Trump didn't say x y z!" Let's listen to the man: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/26589529219124838... "Listen to what he says, he's going to make america great." Yea, I'm listening. Well, I personally am not bothered by the concept of a state having the right to ban abortion, but I know that statistically it's stupid decision because exactly the states that would end up banning abortion are the same states that would refuse to give proper sex education to prevent the abortions in the first place. Also, not allowing abortions desperately increases the tax burden. Hillary and Bernie hasn't used a bully-pulpit to attack climate change facts. If we don't do something about climate change right now , it will kill our species. We were doing something, and those efforts are already being reversed via anti-environmental (and anti-human) EPA appointments. Your arguments about racism are irrelevant to me considering the context. I notice this theme again and again in every "change yourself" book, show, class, lecture. Be it weight loss, improving mental health, curing addiction, becoming a better writer/photographer/programmer, the theme all comes down to a battle against yourself. Fighting the desire to snack, fighting the desire to lay on the couch instead of going to the gym, fighting the desire to veg and watch netflix instead of watching another lecture in the MOOC you're taking. You'd think it'd be easier to control ourselves. I have trouble understanding how we can want something, but some other part of us can seem to not want that thing, or just be extremely short sighted to the point of being an obstacle to our "long-sighted self." I like these rules, but for myself, I always struggle with #4. For a while, "my best" was a half-hearted effort. "Oh well," I'd think, "this is the best I can do." Around college I had a resurgence of willpower, and "my best" became unhealthy obsession - dangerously low calories, dangerously frequent lifting, etc. Finding a balance there is a question I think about often. Technically, "my best" can easily kill me. It's not just about effort, it's about a high amount of thought and consideration into whatever it is - finding a weight target and just choosing a date for it to avoid over-dieting. Taking only so many classes that I can still have a social life. Etc. I don't see any merit in your attack. I don't see how the author is self-important, I don't agree that being self-important is objectively bad, I don't believe being high-monitor is objectively bad, I don't believe that profit-driven individuals are bad, and I don't agree that being profit-driven automatically makes you contribute to "what's wrong with society." Can you expand on your argument, since you clearly feel strongly enough about the article to get emotional about it? Oooh perfect, a googleable term to capture thoughts I've been worrying over for years now. I am a very different person than I was 10 years ago - I think so, and people around me think so. But the question of "who I am, on the inside ," I think I would answer with traces of that old self, even though that old self never outwardly manifests anymore. So there's "me, me," the version that is quick to judge others, has a hyper-inflated ego, wants to sit around and watch netflix, and eat a lot of donuts. Then there's "I wish I was this guy, me," the 15% bodyfat 225lb bench 10x programmer that everybody loves, and then there's the "me that other people see," which is somewhere between the other two versions. So which one is "me?" Me-me has a desire to become "I-wish-me" and is acting on that desire in concrete ways, and tamps down "me-me" mindsets in order to achieve that. So are there two individuals in this body fighting? What's going on? Looking forward to reading more about Shaiva Tantra, thanks for bringing it up. I wonder about the difference in success between "genuine" people who's "genuine self" happen to align, purposefully through self-development or as an accident of their upbringing, with whatever their culture views as a successful/leader personality. Even better if that could be compared to a very good "liar," i.e. someone who "fakes it until they make it." Another extremely difficult aspect of that "battle" or self-improvement mindset: our mental state depends a great deal on body chemistry. Sure it's hard to start lifting, but if you've been lifting for a year and have a lot of fun dopamine floating around as a result and have had time to associate lifting with those dopamine rushes, it's actually harder to not lift. It's almost unfair, really, that our mental state is kind of "out of our control." If you're 2 days without food, being a "good person" and maintaining your values becomes extremely difficult. After 5, forget about it, your humanity will have almost completely slipped away, and there's almost nothing you can do about it. > I would think that physical (i.e., chemical) addictions are different; your body requires that chemical. Alcoholism is a disease, AFAIK. The interesting thing is I believe I can make a convincing argument that "life" is a disease that can be overcome - for example, a highly trained monk can meditate himself to death, ignoring the body's desire for food or water. When it comes to us, "require" can, with training, be nullified. We can even, apparently, out-think our most basic pain responses (see: the burning monk). Why? Damn, that guy busted his butt. I got a creative writing degree from a decent but relatively unheard of Texas state school, spent a month studying Javascript, got into a bootcamp, worked for the bootcamp as TA for 3 months, then got a ~120k/yr job in the bay area within a month of leaving the bootcamp. I had 3 projects on my resume and absolutely nothing technical to show for the time period prior to the bootcamp, other than a single Intro to CS MOOC. I always marveled at the people like this that seemed to do so much more concrete things than me. I leveraged my strength - talking, knowledgeably - and that worked well, but many of my peers got in on their technical ability and work ethic alone. I haven't written as in-depth a blog post as this guy but I have a couple articles for those interested: 1. Linkedin tips for bootcamp grads http://blog.calebjay.com/2016/11/14/how-to-use-linkedin-as-a... 2. Jobsearch tips for bootcamp grads http://blog.calebjay.com/2016/10/18/how-this-coding-bootcamp... This makes me think maybe I should put together a more holistic article on the entire process. EDIT: I'll be watching this for a while if anybody has questions on the bootcamp experience, resulting jobsearch, etc. How do you feel about structured, graded MOOCs like Harvard's CS50x? I'm also curious about how you feel things like /r/learnprogramming, stackoverflow, and stackoverflow IRC can act as surrogates for teachers. Well, we can quantify things like circle of fifths and all those other weird music things I never seem to understand. Not well enough to automate music making, sure, but enough to teach people how to make good music. Also, the Half Life series. Not nearly as explorable as the early zelda games, though. The Witcher 3. Minecraft (with friends). Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic. Amber Roy will be giving a talk about this at the Google Downtown San Francisco office next Friday: https://www.meetup.com/sfhtml5/events/237831559/ Hah, you may, it does seem pretty crazy, doesn't it? I would say that the reason it seems crazy isn't rational , however. If I was forced to break down the reasons that this worked, I would condense it to three: 1. I focused entirely upon a single skill that is highly desired right now (Javascript / Web Development in JS/HTML/CSS/JS Frameworks). I didn't "waste" any time learning other programming languages, systems designs, or even anything beyond the most basic of algorithms and algorithm design. These things are not necessary to build webapps in Angular/Backbone/React/Vanilla. My bootcamp (hack reactor) assisted with a very focused curriculum. 2. I was able to condense this learning to a short period of time by being utterly focused on it and nothing else, all day, every day. I was learning the one skill I needed to be employable from 8a-9p Mon-Sat for 3 months, and then 8a-5p Mon-Fri for another 3 months (when I was a TA). 3. I am a highly sales-trained ex-recruiter, and know through experience and training exactly what I need to do to get a job, fast. This includes being an annoying little bastard ;) but also includes streamlining my processes (never spending more than 10 minutes on a single application, etc) and being very good at turning a "no" into a "oh, ok, let's talk more." There's about 1,000 Web-dev specific jobs posted to Linkedin, daily, in the SF Bay Area, so yes if you're interested in getting a job fast I recommend it. But if you're a CS undergrad I'd target some of the more niche stuff that you can leverage your degree to get, like Machine Learning, Machine Vision, AI type stuff that are inaccessible to me until I get projects under my belt. If you're halfway, in two years you'll be up against even more bootcamp grads than I was - not something that would be much fun. We focused on: Javascript Node Express, and building a server/routing HTML CSS Angular React Backbone MVC client-side Security and XSS basics Auth basics (I wish they had focused on this more) Basic algorithms and data structures (your binary search trees and whatnot) Interview Prep SCRUM stuff (couple group projects) Git Deployment (mostly heroku) To condense it down, I'd say you should be able to, upon graduation: Build from scratch a functioning web application, with a backend that you wrote, that is accessible via the internet one way or the other. You should definitely have some projects published by the time you graduate, because you'll be going up against bootcamp grads with 2-3, or more, demonstrable projects. A big sell the bootcamps go on is that their grads are actually more "job-ready" than someone fresh out of a CS program, the perception being the CS person will have a spotty knowledge of actual hands on programming and deployment. Obviously your program results may vary, but just be aware that's the perception bootcamps and their grads are exfiltrating into the tech community, so it'd be a very bad idea to fall on that radar. EDIT: I'm remembering now that a lot of CS applicants to my bootcamp would have projects on github, but would need to be pulled down and compiled to actually work (python projects and whatnot). If you end up with a lot of these from your classes, see if you can use that language's server systems to set up a simple API, with a very basic front-end, that allows interaction via the internet. Being able to, in a job fair, literally pull a project up on my phone and show it to a company rep was a very powerful tool. Be a recruiter for a bit :P or any sales job, really. Best advice I can give is treat every "no" like a probe from the other side to learn more. They're not saying no, they're saying "I don't know enough about this to want it." Obviously use common sense to avoid harassing someone, and don't waste your time where no opportunity exists (Mark Cuban reacted to the infamous "sell me your pen question" with "Do you need a pen? No? Ok, have a nice day.") So every "no" has a response - 1. "No, you don't have enough experience." Response: "I understand that this role requires the right experience. I applied to the job because I'm confident I have the experience you need. What about my background makes you feel otherwise? Do you have a coding challenge I can complete to demonstrate my ability?" 2. "No, we've had issues with bootcamp grads in the past. " Response: "Hm, I can understand why having an experience like that would make you wary about bootcamp graduates. Was there something specific about why that grad didn't deliver? (choose response based on further information gathered, then: ) Hm, that does sound challenging. I think that my x y or z demonstrates why that issue wouldn't arise with me / I would love to demonstrate via a code challenge why I wouldn't x y z / If you go to myproject.calebjay.com you can see that I have quite a bit of hands-on experience with x y or z, so I'm confident that a b c wouldn't be an issue. I'm remembering now an old sales training "no" breakdown: 1. Acknowledge the concern. Make the client feel that their concerns are valid, do not challenge or attack them, but at the same time avoid perfectly validating their belief that this is a harbringer that all similar solutions warrant "nos." So: "Yea, it is quite frustrating when recruiters send candidates that aren't even close to a good fit. You should see some of the resumes we people send to us when we open a job!" === good. "Oh man recruiters are so annoying, yea I would definitely never use them" === bad (when you're a recruiter trying to sell your services. Also, "psh, recruiters never act that way, you must have done something to annoy them" === bad. 2. Information gather. Always good all the time anyway. Usually the first "no" gives very little information and you could make some bad assumptions. "We've had bad experience with recruiters in the past" tells you literally nothing. The answer they give you can lead you straight into one of the fifty sells your company has drilled into your head. "What happened with the previous agencies?" "Well, they were sending bad resumes." --> "Oh, we get some hilariously off resumes. We like to think of ourselves as a filter for our clients, so we get maybe fifty resumes for a posting which allows us to hand-pick the best 3 for our clients." "Well, they would have three or four recruiters constantly calling us." "That is frustrating, we decided two years ago to only allow a single recruiter point of contact for our company because of that exact feedback from our clients." Etc. 3. Close. Of course. I certainly wouldn't recommend it for all sorts of learning. It worked for me because I had literally gambled everything on it - if I dropped out or got kicked out, I'd be 17k in debt living in the most expensive city in america with almost no savings. Failure wasn't an option. Furthermore, my fallback options were shitty. 40k/year doing sales or recruitment, busting my ass to reach 6 figures, being stepped on the whole way up the ladder. Maybe teaching english abroad, end up being that 40 year old white dude trapped in Taiwan, stuck every night in the foreigner bar and droning about what could have been. Nope no no thank you. Well, I won't disparage those that are actually teaching poor kids, but in Taiwan I was teaching the top 25%, aka those that can afford to attend a cram school. I was making 2x the monthly salary working 20 hours a week that your average college educated Taiwanese grad was making working 60-70hrs a week. I disagree that the jarring bit about home is that it's changed. For me, it was that so little had changed. At the supermarket I worked at when I was 16 were some of the same people, working the same cashier job. Friends were still talking about "getting back into college," doing the same thing they had done every weekend for years. It depressed me. That's why I can't listen to Dan Carlin. I really enjoy the overall content, but I don't agree that his podcasts are long because they're in-depth, I think they're long because he digresses and just takes a long time to say things. Even at 1.5x speed the rate was unbearable. I feel like Steve Jobs is an odd choice... He turned down treatment I thought? I thought right-wingers liked raising taxes? See: most American Republican Party tax plans. I'm not sure about cannabis curing cancer, but there's ample research to support that it can help tremendously with the side effects of chemo. Basically, it can make life more comfortable while you go through treatment. This is my dream, and this is why I switched industries to become a programmer. One day, I will achieve the apex - beach cafe in Vietnam, tethered net connection, happily tapping away code for my full time job. Someday.... Out of all the bike systems I've used, the best has been Youbike in Taipei. They have stations everywhere , they clearly out thought into common commute routes, it's highly affordable (first 20 minutes free so I actually rarely paid), broken bikes get picked up within 24hrs. The bikes are well designed and not horrifically heavy like other systems I've used. They even have a lock embedded so you can lock up at a restaurant or whatever if there's no station nearby. Wait times were low and they had trucks that would drive a bunch of bikes from high drop off low pickup locations to high pickup low drop off locations during rush hour. And it works. Everyone seems to be using it. Usually you get to a station and 80% of the bikes are gone because of how popular they are. I can only imagine what that's doing for the traffic and environment in Taipei, not to mention the citywide health. The Egyptians didn't each much better than us - lots of breads. I would assume OP means by "feedback" the constant ripping and tearing of meat and incessant chewing of highly fibrous plants and vegetables. Well, I haven't seen a source for the claim that teeth were better when we weren't eating soft food, but the Egyptians definitely ate soft food, so I would assume that the hypothesis doesn't apply to them. TSA always fucks up my repack. I've had nicely-packed arts totally destroyed because of how they chuck shit back into my bag after they finish pawing through it. I believe the UK tried this once and I remember reading that thefts were skyrocketing as a result. I'm struggling to find a source though, so this is just my poor memory and hearsay right now. But every time I do that my calculated return is far lower than the return I get using online tools. You just look at the hardware and read reviews. There isn't really a sliding scale for PCs, that's the awesome thing about manufacturers that let you customize. Doing a lot of gaming or modelling? Better graphics card. Running shitloads of processes? Better ram. Better processor. Extra HDD, or SSD, or optical drive? Etc. This is go-to strategy for /r/entrepreneur's crowd. If I remember correctly, Tim Ferris even recommends it in "4 Hour Workweek." Yea, this annoyed me when I was buying a camera. Blatantly fake products that even had things in the description like "navigate to www (dot) spamhackwebsite (dot) com to purhcase![sp]" but I had to send a general support ticket to report. Or a bus, paid with cash, wearing a veil. How good are those cameras, though? I've crossed from Marin at least 8 times now, each time with the "cash taker" lanes having no staff. I assumed it would be like in Houston, where you just get billed via mail, or can call and pay. Nobody I've called is aware of me owing anything on my plate, though, and I've never got anything in the mail. Maybe I did my plates wrong... I also never received the ticket the angry SFO cop promised I would get for not picking up my friend fast enough. So, since you care, doing research to get the right one doesn't seem unreasonable at all to me. I put in a solid hour of research at least before buying a new pair of boots. It took me many hours over many days to choose a camera. Took me weeks to build my PC. Each of those products I put in an amount of research that's at least somehow correlated with the price I paid for them (boots -> 100$ -> camera 600$ -> PC $1300) Oh neat, true. I still wish I could find a source on it :/ They might go the way of Trader Joe's and just charge a blanket price per "piece" of produce. Why would that happen? US government appears quite happy to allow massive companies to operate as they please. There hasn't been much "trust busting" since, well, the "trust busting" era, outside of finance anyway. I used to live in The Franciscan Park in Colma/Daly City. It barely felt like a trailer park at all. It was resident-owned trailers, sort of. You had to pay a fee for the land. Don't know much more about the details, we were renting. I hate to be that guy but "putting wheels on them" is not a simple solution at all... it will take a lot more than that to make your cargo containers street-legal. >lose all the benefits from promotional transfer Were you not able to direct the person on the phone to recreate the account for you, and to include all benefits, and then some for the inconvenience? I've always gotten what I wanted from US ISPs. Say what you want about their evil business practices, but it sure is easy to get whatever weird shit you're asking for with simple "ok, you can't give me this? Please escalate to your manager / please transfer me to retention." Did you for real make a new account to complain about your thread being moved? SF Craigslist gonna be great I really wish I remember where I had heard it or maybe read it, but it was an investor's advice to new investors: "If the (startup) company comes in to the (investor) meeting with lots of color and excitement, turn him down. The guy that comes in and nearly bores you to sleep with his spreadsheets, he's the one to invest in." Well, to be honest, it sounds like you care about the "name" and thus the value the company trying to sell you a product wants you to believe that product is worth. So apple could release the iPhone 8 with the same specs as the 3GS, and you'd get bamboozled because you can't be bothered to do your research before purchasing something. Presumably they would want to sell you the lowest-cost-to-manufacture product for the highest price. So, the more you know about the product, the worse for them, because it removes an opportunity to obfuscate. So, yea, research is a bit tricky, but that's good because the reason it's tricky is because you aren't depending on the company to tell you the real value of their product . To be fair, NASA software engineers don't exactly act like your average agile start-up team,because once the "product" is out, patching is really feasible. Whereas for your average webapp, it's more strategic to iterate based on feedback. Whoops too late to edit. Should be "patching isn't really feasible". > In the end I just let the money go So, I've had pretty much your exact experience with T-Mobile, but I never did this. I just called and called and called. I'd stay on hold while I lifted or was driving around, it was no skin off my bones. When I had a person, I'd always repeat "this is exactly I want in no uncertain terms. Do you understand? Can you get me this? No? Please transfer me to your supervisor / retention." For some reason, they'd always transfer me up. I've almost never heard "no" to a transfer request. I've never not gotten what I wanted. So maybe I'm just waaaaay more annoyingly persistent? :P I probably have notes raging at my dickishness on every account I hold. Who's the elected officials that are using stack overflow? I really wish they had put more info up about that. To be fair, if you're in the USA, you're missing out on two of the largest audiences in the world: India and China. I imagine that's similarly why iPhone developers are more prominent in the USA/UK than elsewhere, where Android developers dominate. Dude, every time I bring up my difficulty installing Ubuntu on a relatively new Macbook Pro (Retina 13-inc early 2015) people respond like this. And yet [1] I was never able to solve this issue with video drivers (or something , I never figured it out) causing incessant crashing. I mean, look at the stack overflow post, I tried so hard to get it working. This is consistent with every ubuntu install I've ever done - there's always some shit that just makes me wonder whether it's worth it. [1] http://askubuntu.com/questions/838855/crashing-freezing-hang... Nothing, but it's annoying, because it takes 2 transactions instead of 1. I used to send care packages to my highschool buddies deployed, and one time I chucked in a couple of those Starbucks packets I had given to me on campus. Hadn't even tried them, just thought "neat, instant coffee." A few weeks later I get a call in class. Ignore. Listen to the voicemail after. "It's Jeff. I'm paying 10$ to call you international. Send more of those Starbucks packets, we're going to have a fucking riot here if we don't get more." I started sending boxes. Apparently they're 100x better than whatever coffee the military was providing. So, @Sudden Coffee, try sending to troops, apparently they have a refined taste when it comes to instant coffee. Is it Netflix's sole responsibility though? Their only real legal responsibility (other than, well, to not break the law) is to add value for their shareholders. "Taking a stand against DRM" doesn't sound like that. It sounds more like the job of the citizens to elect representatives that support a Good Internet, and if the politicians they elect turn around and screw their supporters (which isn't illegal), to elect new politicians. A pretty disgusting and slow system, sure, but the only other solution I can think of (I am not a smart man) is outright revolution, and hoping the revolutionary government is all about a Good Internet. EDIT: I'm fine with being downvoted if I'm wrong or stupid, but I'd appreciate if someone could tell me why they believe I'm wrong or stupid. It's nitpicky and maybe trivial, but I'm happy to see them use the word "Black" so prominently. I always got peeved at "African American." If we're going to discuss race , nationality doesn't really figure into the equation. Then again, if you start talking scientifically, the concept of "race" is shaky at best, but there's no denying the cultural implications of the idea. Well, my point was it's a bit more trouble to patch something on another planet that it is to `heroku push.` Meh, we use make for our app, works just fine. We do wanna switch to Webpack though because it's starting to get... messy.