Google's service must be better, right? Otherwise, people would just pay half the price. What exactly is wrong with charging a fair price in a competitive market. They might even be able to take some of those extra nickels, hire more people and build even more services. Maybe people can start asking their IT departments why they are still using IE6? Chromium will give you the latest builds. You will also need to use it if you want to use plugins on Linux or Mac. We are very close to having consumer robots drive a burst of innovation. We need the Apple II of robotics then we're off! "respect the environment" This is a local rule that needs to be learned? Doesn't this come up every generation? Let's hope they put wifi in the next gen Kindle's. It's crazy that they left it out. Denial is a wonderful thing. People said that "Sun was setting" for about a decade. The warnings were ignored and now the entity known as Sun is gone. The world would have been a better place if it survived. RIP. ...the year of the Linux phone. Android arrives in a big way. We're saving the desktop for last. :-) http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=graph+1%2F10%28ln%28x%2... This is a solved problem. http://stackoverflow.com Pick your topic, search for questions, and ask them. Scala, Clojure, Squeak, Rails... http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scala http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/clojure http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/squeak http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ruby-on-rails These days it's much easier to go from noob to expert in whatever topic, even if the topic is a bit esoteric. The great thing is that you're throwing down breadcrumbs for the next guy. If we could only turn these egos loose on a race to the moon...or something similar The X-Prizes are great but these guys are putting more money, research and effort into building faster ships when there are much bigger, and more interesting, problems to solve. The glass is half empty? I think you're completely missing the point. It's really up to each community (Haskell, Lisp, Scala, Clojure, etc.) to develop their appropriate sections of StackOverFlow. I've been on an Lisp bent lately, mainly Emacs Lisp. Think of a good question and ask it. You'll be throwing down breadcrumbs for the next guy who wants to learn an esoteric language. I've got 86 questions, and the last dozen have been mainly about Lisp, of some flavor. http://stackoverflow.com/users/5020/melling I'm going to turn Emacs Lisp into a mainstream developer tool. :-) Joel and Jeff don't create the content for the site, the communities do. The fact that other communities haven't moved into their sections en masse is not their fault. It's YOUR (ie. everyone else) FAULT. For example, I tried to get the Grails community to use StackOverFlow when the site first started and their attitude was that they would rather just use the mailing list and sift through Nabble. http://archive.codehaus.org/lists/org.codehaus.grails.user/m... The problem isn't with StackOverFlow, it's with the other communities refusing to adopt something new. "After all, IRC is where all the best people hang out...who needs this .Net thing..." I'm currently learning Lisp. You wouldn't be able to get this kind of an answer on a mailing list or on IRC. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2264267/generating-a-quiz... This .Net/C# site just made it easier to learn Haskell, Lisp, Erlang, Scala... a little irony not to be overlooked. StackOverFlow provides structure and organization to the information. I've dug through enough email threads that ended at a dead-end to be able to say that the structure is welcome. People tag their questions, while others vote on the questions and answers. Question titles are matched against the database when people enter new questions. Admins "close" duplicates, and stop trolling. The reputation "economy" provides a way to get an answer. StackOverflow isn't perfect but it is a big step forward in organizing the information so that that the data can be searched more effectively. http://stackoverflow.com/search There are 500,000+ questions tagged. Some are great, some are not. Joel and Jeff don't provide either of these. We do! Don't try this on a mailing list. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/101268/hidden-features-of... Android phones will pass the iPhone within 24 months in monthly sales. Android is simply creating a bigger market by being free and multi-vendor. Study math or physics. You should be able to get a programming job out of college, if you still want to write code. I knew a really good programmer who studied Latin in college. Getting an entry level programming job with another degree shouldn't be too difficult. Do really well in physics or math and you'll be fine. How about we want an open standards Internet and the 90% monopoly Microsoft has on the desktop really endangers that? After all, ms wouldn't give a crap about open standards unless pushed. They have a 90% desktop monopoly, and have had one for almost two decades. The Internet, mobile devices and the browser will finally fix this problem. Competition is good for consumers and the Europeans are making an effort to increase it. Imagine if General Motors sold 90% of all cars. Good for consumers or bad? You don't remember Bill Gates testifying in court that IE could not be unbundled from the OS? IE is still a choice. IE9 will be a much better product because of the changing browswer landscape. The progress of the Internet really has suffered because MS didn't put much effort into IE development. It is the worst browser and it has the most market share. As far as browsers go, how would you rate IE? Is it the best? Second best? Probably third or fourth? It has over 60% market share in the world. 18 months ago, it was over 70%. I would argue that this has more to do with Microsoft having 90% desktop market share and IE is the default browswer. I saw the talk in NYC. From the questions asked, I'm under the impression the system scales quite well. According to Crunchbase, they now have about 400k users. http://www.crunchbase.com/company/foursquare I'm not sure that it matters which technology is used. However, it is helpful for developers to be able to point to large, successful sites that are written in Python, Ruby, Scala, Clojure, etc. because management is not going to take a chance on something that's "unproven". It usually requires overwhelming evidence to convince someone not to keep using the status quo. Java/JSP, for example. There are companies that can't make the move from Java 1.4 to 1.5, for some reason. I was surprised by the number of Linux phones that shipped. Don't hear a lot about them. If Android is added to the Linux count, Linux phones have essentially caught up with Windows Mobile. Hmmm... Read the top voted comment on this recent Hacker News post. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1137337 I'm not sure why everyone thinks Microsoft is a changed company. They still have 90% desktop market share. I guess everyone is too busy discussing the Google "monopoly" with 70% search. Microsoft is, of course, doing what's in their best interest, as should all companies. They aren't running a charity and they are obligated by law to serve their stockholders. However, it really is bad for consumers when there is not enough competition. Now I can read all those bullet trains stories. I hear someday they may come to America. http://www.popsci.com/results?query=bullet+trains Never look back! We might be being a little premature on being on the cusp of a new era. All this technology and science takes time. For example, the war on cancer started almost 40 years ago. We are from a cure. We have so much more to learn before we can really extend life or "cure" death. Yeah, someday we'll have high-speed rail in the US. It will probably take at least a decade to get the first one, if not a little longer. In the meantime, read how GM paid to destroy our mass transit system so people would buy more cars. http://www.trainweb.org/mts/ctc/ctc06.html This is a big problem and could seriously hurt the brand. It felt great to upgrade my original iPhone to the latest OS. Google needs to push companies to allow people to upgrade Android. It shouldn't matter if you buy a "cheap" $50-$100 phone with a 2 year contract. Google is building a brand and it needs to keep people excited about their product. Buying a new phone that is 3 or 4 revs behind will certainly dishearten people. Can someone confirm that I can swap the sim between my iPhone and a Nexus One? I've been doing some Android development and I need some hardware. Would it be wrong to say we're ending the first decade of the 21st century and I was really hoping for a lot more tech. Most of us grew up on sci-fi. I'd say we're a little behind schedule. "Sorry Dave, I can't do that." is a pretty old movie quote. Wow, free FedEx overnight shipping. Google must be making a nice profit. Doesn't this all become irrelevant later this month when Verizon starts selling the phone? Can I just delete all of my questions and leave the board? Sun wanted to sell you theirs for $$$$. Now that AMD and Intel are at it, we'll have 8-12 cores for $200 in a few years. Things did seem to slow down a bit on the multi-core front. I was beginning to wonder what happened. These icons look pretty straight forward. http://aquamacs.org/ There is a nice File, Edit... menu that goes along with it. Close your eyes and pretend the rest of the complexity doesn't exist and it will be no different than using Notepad, etc. When you want more, open your eyes a little. No. All electronic devices. Built with the Netbeans Java IDE. http://netbeans.org I think he was being overly optimitic in the first place. Microsoft doesn't want a cross platform system. They were just throwing out a bone with C#. Having their tools be truly cross platform is not in their best business interest, and no one blames them. Miguel should have understood this when he started Mono. I picked David because his achievements seemed more concrete. The "marketing" and "sustainability" stuff sounded like fluff to me. I didn't read much more of the article after I found out he chose the other guy. Now let's pretend that he decides to live in front of your house. That's ok, right? What's the harm? Providing for homeless people is definitely society's responsibility. I don't think we really want to make people "institutions" and call them iconic because they've camped out somewhere for a long time. If 100 people decide to camp out in Time Square because there's a lot of tourist quarters to gather, is this ok? Should we grant seniority if there are ever too many? I'm sure you've heard the stories about "homeless" people in NYC who make a good living begging for small change and have nice apartments. It sounds great but can't they get rid of the ugly meters too? In NYC, there's a box on the block instead. Haven't used one in a while but I think you get a printed receipt. You probably don't even need a box. Everyone can just go to a web page and see the status for the block, including the meter person. Next, RFID in car talks to parking spot? :-) I wonder what this poor guy from Bolivia knew? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1230939 This works in both apps, and many other apps. Cmd-shift-} Cmd-shift-{ It even works in the version of emacs that I use. And this is not an April Fool's joke. The app store hadn't updated for me when I first saw this. Then the actual buy screen still said $49.99. Now I can't buy it because it's being modified in the store. Sometimes Hacker News is too quick with the news. :-) I imagine this app is at worth at least the price of a cup of coffee. What did you change it to? I tried a UA of iPhone but that didn't work on the couple of sites that I viewed. Got it. http://www.onedigitallife.com/2005/08/03/changing-safaris-us... http://www.labnol.org/tech/ipad-user-agent-string/13230/ A bit of a cliche response. The fact is one can write maintainable code if they so choose and 20+ years later people are still solving real problems with it. It would be great if they cleaned up the language a little and finish Perl6, but in the meantime, Perl 5.x and CPAN ( http://www.cpan.org/ ) are still quite relevant. It might work in a place like New York City. One of the Android groups here is doing some OpenGL stuff. We're trying Blender, but most of us are a little challenged. http://www.nycjava.net/JSPWiki/Wiki.jsp?page=JavaMobileStudy... Yeah, and I predicted the iPhone a decade before it happened. Not by Apple, but I described device in long drawn out geek conversations with friends. Basically, the premise was that we only need to carry one device, and that would be a phone. We should be able to slide our phone next to a keyboard and monitor then have it become our desktop computer. This will happen someday. I'm still predicting it. At any rate, predictions are meaningless. The real trick is to take an idea, even a small one, and invent the future, or at the very least turn it into a business. That's where people have real talent. It's infinitely more difficult than predicting the future. What I would give for some of that talent. :-( At this point, there are plenty of Objective C developers. Apple doesn't need to change its minds. A few years ago perhaps. There will continue to be a steady stream of great apps. What could happen is that a developer might get permanently banned for using the Adobe tools, thus locking themselves out of the iPhone market. What's great is that Google is getting everyone upgraded to each new browser. If only Microsoft could do that with IE, and Mozilla with Firefox. Too bad Google isn't as effective with Android versions. I think people are forgetting how long it took to get Flash on Linux. All platforms are beholden to Adobe to get Flash ported. As a business, Adobe can't support every OS and device that appears. Where's Flash for Android? Oh, it's coming... HTML5/JavaScript is a more open technology and we finally have several good browsers. Most come with source! Today Java is even more open, and no one is complaining. You can download the source for Java, but you can't get the Flash source. Apple is accelerating the adoption, and hopefully the evolution, of HTML5. In two years, perhaps even one, no one is going to miss Flash on the iPhone and iPad. This is great. Now maybe if people can get as upset about Microsoft not better supporting HTML5, in particular the canvas tag. http://www.webmonkey.com/2010/03/internet-explorer-9-shows-u... IE9 is a big improvement for Microsoft. However, if they included more support for HTML5, developers could get "all their wood behind one arrow." I thought reason we had a problem with social security was because we ignored the underfunding problem for years. My entire life I've been hearing "don't count on social security when you get older", and I'm no spring chicken. RISC will rise again! Seriously though, it will be great to have as much competition as possible. I want my next phone to be quad-core and run for a week on a charge. A lot of competition is the quickest way to get companies to produce their best work. Look at what Intel did once AMD gave them a good kick. The real trick is that both companies need to remain strong. AMD needs to get back in the game. How many nations have put a man into space? I think we're up to three. I can't say I'm all for a race to Mars, but I think need to make constant progress, and we can't let the program fall apart. It will cost even more money and years to restart it. As it currently stands, we have a space station and for the next few years America won't own a ship to get there. Well, if they really believe it they should be aggressively funding electric/hybrid and fuel cell vehicles. They've got the kind of budget that can make a big difference in innovation. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darpa Not a great article but he's right. We need another good input device. Ideally, Bluetooth enable and will work with future phones too. Just buy his books. He does a great job. Hacker News books all the way! Most people are not going to miss Flash on their iPhones/iPads. All the major sites will soon offer HTML5 for video and there will be 250,000 apps in another year. I think it's the idea of Apple forbidding Flash more than actually really needing Flash this is annoying some people. I bought the Simplenote app for the iphone so I could be more productive on the go. I was going to try and write a novel. However, I'm settling for taking notes for my blog and apps that I'm writing. I think mobile learning and productivity are going be big in the future. Want to learn Spanish while on the go? I'm working on it. :-) http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=h4labs Are you asking why Apple allows the same stuff you can find in a Barnes & Nobles but refuses to allow porn? Maybe Steve does the B&N test? Microsoft has 90% desktop market share and 90% office market share. Where does Apple have a monopoly where they can drive the market? A mistake or two and they will have a problem. Look at Nokia or Motorola. This is the attitude many have had for decades. We had a recent debate about drilling in Alaska and many said "things are different now, and the ecological impact would be small." We don't need to drill in these places. We aren't going to run out of our current sources for decades. In time prices are going to rise and people will be forced to drive smaller, more fuel efficient vehicles, but it is about time. I read most of my Hacker News from an iPhone. I feel less guilty not "dedicating" too much time to it, and I get in my fix a little more often. What is important is that IE is no longer the de facto standard. 60% is much better than 90%. I remember 6-7 years ago when developers thought they were done when it worked in IE6. They didn't feel the need to support other browsers. Browsing in Linux was difficult because things never looked (or worked) right. Now with so many options, developers need to target standards. I agree that some sort of pen based solution would be useful. Imagine a screen where we could write anywhere on it then select any area, like a drawing, and paste the text. Being able to compose our own notebooks like Leonardo is the endgame. http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8... That's correct. And the iPad is just a tablet notebook like the one from Microsoft in 2000. http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/features/2000/nov00/11-13... And the iPhone is really just a cleaned up smart phone. StackOverFlow took an old idea, cleaned it up and made a better product. Seems pretty simple after the fact. Getting the small things right in a product really makes a big difference. StackOverFlow isn't perfect (and neither was the iPhone or iPad) but they got a good minimal viable product and now they're off to the races. Books aren't set up for discussion. I'm guessing that you think they aren't good for "fishing" either? The basic idea with StackOverFlow is to ask well-defined questions and get well-defined answers, without the long messy threaded response found in most forums. The worst is when the thread ends in a dead end. The wiki feature and the ability to include formated code are very useful. The reputation economy is essential, so more questions get answered, including older ones. What happens in a forum when no one answers a question? Ask again a few days later? Also, they do have short discussions through comments, which I have found to be effective. Finally, I think you, and many others, are completely missing the point of StackOverFlow, and hopefully other future sites like it. If say, for example, 100,000 people are learning [Lisp, Scala, Java, C++, Go, jQuery, C#, etc], they are going to have the a lot of similar questions that really only need to be asked once, with one or two solutions provided. Now the next 99,999 people don't need to ask the same question. So, now we have taken the FAQ and improved upon it by creating it dynamically through voting, and question matching. There are various improvements that could be done to StackOverFlow. They are essentially creating a huge database of programming knowledge. Ideally it, or a similar project, could be organized to enable someone to start learning any new topic and become proficient by browsing and searching the site. Questions could be further categorized to enable better filtering (eg. Mac OS bug, compiler warning message, compiler error message), include specific version solutions (eg. Java 1.5, Java 1.6). A Rosetta Stone feature could be added linking solutions. For example, the question: "How do I reverse a string in [Java]?" could provide links to the Perl, C#, Java, Lisp, Scheme, Javascript solutions. Google is moving to HTML5 on YouTube so there is no benefit here: http://www.youtube.com/html5 Android should just do h.264 video. There is less overhead. Also, won't apps written directly for the native (Java) APIs on Android provide better results? Aren't "native" Windows or Mac apps usually better on their respective platforms? AIR is a nice idea but adding one more layer on a phone with limited resources has to cost something in terms of app performance, battery life, and/or usability. It's good that Google is supporting Flash. However, I think they just need to be careful to make sure that there are a lot more "native" Android apps. Microsoft has had 90% desktop market share for over a decade, with no end in sight. Apple doesn't have that kind of market share, and it's doubtful they can get even close. There's way too much competition with Google, RIM, Palm(hp) and even Microsoft. Google is very strong, microsft will never quit and Palm has another life. Another SA story on high-speed trains in America. I've been reading these stories for 30 years. I finally took the Osaka to Tokyo bullet train last weekend. It was very cool. The more interesting thing was they print your arrival time on the ticket, for whatever stop (eg Kyoto), and that's the exact time you arrive. With Amtrak, you can easily expect a 10 minute delay. Two weeks ago I waited 15 minutes for my girlfriend to arrive from her "45 minute" trip. She was just sitting on A train outside the station waiting for a track to open. So, we really have 2 problems. Slow trains and getting them to arrive on time. All good arguments. Unfortunately, Apple will cause a large reduction in the use of Flash, unless it becomes available on the iPad. scribd, for example, already decided to make the move to HTML5 even before the Apple/Adobe clash. Flash might be able to do more, and browser makers might be implementing an unratified HTML5 spec, but that is how it's going to happen. Bottom line: If a site wants to work on the iPad/iPhone, it needs to avoid using Flash. s 10b aapl go for coffee ... I've noticed you can't make mean comments that have a point either. Becoming pretty obvious? I thought it was really obvious almost 3 months ago. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1129465 The first demo was the most interesting use of Flash. Any demo with video is pointless. The iPad/iPhone are now going to drive sites from Flash video. I'm in the camp where I think together Apple and Google can fix html5 so that Flash isn't necessary. The web is much too important to be built around a plugin, unless Adobe completely open sources their plugin. There are almost 50 Android phones, and every major carrier sells at least one Android phone. Apple can't possibly win against that. In fact, they aren't trying to. They want to build the "best" (in Steve's eyes) phone in the world. They aren't trying to build the phone for everyone. These two tasks are mutually exclusive. Android will find its way onto $5 phones in the developing world, for example. But hey, that sure is a news grabbing headline. Let's not forget JRuby. Java might be stalled but the JVM is really starting to show a lot more value. http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/sensationalist I'm going to say that nothing was staged and we simply have a record of the events that occurred, after the initial attack. I don't think anything was done by the person recording the event to influence the audience. Having a video of an event can certainly provide more insight into an event than a well written article in the NYT. I had to order one online because all 4 Apple stores in Manhattan, and the closest store in NJ, are sold out. I originally thought they would only sell 5 million in the first twelve months. Now I'm guessing 12-15 million. Let's see what happens once you international units ship. 50 million units in 3 years? Mass market? I guess it's hard to be held accountable if they don't define exactly what they mean. People are creating accounts just to troll? Someone needs to address this. Didn't Alan Kay dream it up a couple of decades before that? As much as I am upset at BP, I think the American consumer needs to pay too. We need to tax gas to incentivize people to buy more efficient vehicles and fund alternate energy. Yes, windmills are expensive. Gas was already expensive a few years ago. The consequences were GM was screwed because they sold big cars. People will buy more fuel efficient cars as gas gets more expensive. That is already proven. We could also fund mass transit with the gas tax. We don't need a large tax. Start of with 25 cents and let's take it from there. Seems like http://www.lifelock.com is getting a little slow. Everyone is seeing if his ss# is still there? All Manhattan stores were sold out the weekend of the 8th. I gave up after a few days and ordered mine online. It arrives Friday... Probably be a short supply for a while. International sales are gonna be big too. Alan Kay told everyone in 1968. Dynabook? I'm getting a little tired of this "open" vs. "closed" debate. Someone should ask Richard Stallman what he thinks about writing C# on Windows. There's only one platform on which the millions of lines of C# using Window's CLR are going to run well. Truly open means your software can run anyway, with a bit of effort. Mac software doesn't port well to Windows, native Windows software doesn't port well to Linux. Mac and Windows are walled gardens, they're just bigger gardens. If we could only channel all the pointless effort that went into writing this article, and others like it, into some way to contribute to projects like Diaspora, we could actually accomplish a lot. Imagine if they could efficiently vacuum your floor and mow your lawn. We're still a long way from robot world domination. Until we devise a system where consumer products, or government grants, drive more research like this, the military war machine is necessary for this type of funding. Most public company's with deep pockets live quarter to quarter. Gotta beat those earnings estimates, by a lot. I'm coining "speed chess programming". Getting a bunch of programmings together to hack out a quick project with limited time to think about your next move. Do you have a breakdown of their net profits? My understanding is that the majority of their profits are still from Windows and Office. The other option is to find a market for what they can build. For example, bring more effective advertising to consumers in places they don't normally get it. Something eye catchy? My suggestion was to put ad dollars to good use. That's part of the formula for freemium. It's how X-Prizes are funded. Google is taking us to the moon. We're spending billions on ads every year. The paper kind that show up in my mailbox, that I immediately throw away, are worthless. Some would argue that they were always worth more. :-) It's interesting that this happened without breaking Microsoft's 90% desktop monopoly. Apple got bigger but it wasn't to the detriment of Microsoft. They just grew into new markets. Shameless plug: I wrote an Android app a few months ago to help learn/maintain Spanish. http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.h4labs.free.spanish_vocab I've been studying Spanish for several years, including 10 weeks in Guatemala. It's easy to get rusty and I always need a refresher so I wrote this app. Gonna add more grammar and hopefully turn it into a "real" app, including versions for French(started), German, etc. I hope too. Just got my iPad yesterday, and I have an iPhone too. There's so much I can do with the screen real estate on an iPad. Want to get my Android to a Pro version first. Working on the verb conjugator now. I got mine on Monday after much debating. Initially I was going to wait for the second generation because I know it will be so much better. In the store, the iPad felt a little heavy and basically like a big iPhone. After a few weeks, I took the "you only live once and it's cheap enough that I'll just by gen 2 if it's really that much better." By last night, I realized this thing is revolutionary, or the start of it. It's perfect for consuming the Internet and other information. The apps make a difference. Instapaper Pro, Good Reader, SimpleNote. I bought Numbers last night and I'm investigating whether Omnigraffle is any good(many poor reviews and a few positive ones and it's $50) Missing multitasking. Need To keep Pandora running. My only disappointment. That sounds relatively inexpensive. An average Shuttle mission costs almost $500 million. Investing in robot R&D and making space exploration cheaper seems like a no brainer. The US govt needs to convince the public that this is the sexy solution. http://wheels.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/06/22/motorcycle-helmet... The Chrome video was cool. I watched the "Making of" video and got bored pretty quickly and didn't finish watching it. A few months ago my gmail was slow I deleted my mail down from 23k msgs to under 1000. I nuke all unstarred msgs from mailing lists, etc. Seemed to help. Although still not lightning fast (like the Chrome browser :-)). I bought TextMate but still mainly use Emacs. However, I'd still pay for an upgrade. TextMate was incredible when I had to write a lot of HTML. A Windows and Linux version would be nice. Emacs runs everywhere and I don't always get to choose my platform. My fingers know what to do in emacs. TextMate everywhere would make retraining more worthwhile. Finally, I'd pay additional for a Linux version. My download count hasn't updated for a few days. Someone must be on vacation at Google. What's the most fair and effective way to stop these types of law suits? Perhaps these can be filtered through some other group of judges to determine if they have merit? Even lawyers realize the system is broken. http://www.ted.com/talks/lang/eng/philip_howard.html Good for Apple. It's great to see a company make big jumps in the consumer market. There are too many "me too" companies that won't take a chance and invent the next big thing. Can someone talk Steve Jobs into building a consumer robot? Someone needs to kickstart this market. Lots of new Mac and Linux users. Hopefully, some of the people will be dedicating some of their 20% time to improving the Mac and Linux platforms. Market share: Windows 90%, Mac 9%, Linux 1%. Where are virus writers going to put most of their effort? Windows being as secure as Mac wouldn't help make it safer because a lot more implemented exploits are going to exist in the wild. You have a nice ecosystem of Unix OS's. Solaris, OpenBSD, NetBSD, ... and a handful of major Linux distros: Ubuntu, Fedora, Suse, Gentoo, Debian, etc. Once you've gone Unix you have lots of choices, including the Mac. Did Google roll their own Linux? Which kernel do you target? which apps? http://www.virtualbox.org/ Just run Windows in a VM. You could even rdp or vnc into a few test boxes. How about a version built with the Adobe tools for the iPad the way Wired released their magazine. I'd also prefer to pay for 12 issues at once. The Internet cannot be built around a plugin from one company. We are much better off taking the one step back then moving two steps forward. Soon there will be at least five good browsers that support Html5/css3. If we can get canvas support in ie9, html5 usage is going to exploded. I bought the 3G iPad but I only plan on buying an AT&T plan when I know that I'm going to be somewhere without wifi for an extended period of time. I keep "marking the spot" on my iPhone. Yet my service seems to be getting worse. How much hard science can be done in this experiment? On most compatibility tests, IE9 always seems to come up way short. It looks really good on their tests. Where does IE9 really stand? What are the chances of getting support? IE9 could be the key to taking the web to the next level. So the countermove is for other browser vendors to go through the list and fix these "small" cases. This takes away any of IE9's bragging rights and we'll have 5 browsers that pass on this exact subset of tests. Microsoft is forced to be more compatible and html5 arrives on the scene sooner. IE9 takes us to 2014 or 2015. Let's push Microsoft to do even better. The problem with universities is that there are so few excellent ones that we don't get any of them competing on price. Every year tutition increases more than the rate of inflation. This can't continue forever. People think they need to pay $50k/year for an NYU education because the smaller, cheaper one located [insert your town] isn't nearly as good. Fair enough so it can't be done in HTML. Is it possible to have a simple HTML version for when Flash is not available? Flash is not available to most mobile users. Android users don't have Flash yet either. I have a Nexus One and I don't have Flash. Where is the Flash 9 plugin? Froyo isn't officially released yet. Millions of G1's will never get the Froyo upgrade. You are forced to use IE6 because the IT department decided that's all you need for your job. If sites stopped working in IE6 then people could make the case that they need a modern browser for their work. In the US and Europe, IE6 usage is around 5%. I think we're close enough to push IE6 completely out. It's a support "issue." Large IT departments will say that it requires extra support to install a second browser. Is it worth the "extra" cost in time and support? As a developer, in some organizations, you can't install anything on your own machine. So, you can't get your software to work on Firefox, for example. All your software simply has to work on the company standard browser. The idea is that you'll deal with it later...and 8 years later... Isn't this a bit political for Hacker News? We could be here all day. Yes, it was a little slow on my iPad. Couldn't get the AS3 demo to load. I guess the question we need to ask is "will html5 get faster?". For example, will we see 2x or 3x improvements in the next few years? Java, for example, was initially much slower than C++. Now it's quite competitive. We'll have gigabit fiber by then. 100mps will be wireless. Think back 10 years. How far have we come in a decade? The law is ridiculous or complying with it? I think some people live in a fairy tale world. North Korea, for example, recently sunk a South Korean ship killing 41 people. There really are bad people in the world. Personally, I think the Cuba issue is legacy and it's probably time to resolve it. The fear of communism is long gone. Now I think it's just a matter of a bunch of rich voters in Florida who want their nationalized land back, which probably isn't going to happen. 1) No I can't. Can you prove the opposite? No. Pointless argument. Yes! So why even make it? Can you find North Korea on this map? http://paradoxoff.com/north-korea-night-map.html I bet there aren't too many hackers staying up until dawn hacking on Notepad++. Why does a country with no electricity want to be on this list? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_states_with_nuclear_wea... People in power, or anyone else for that matter, really don't have the time to debate the finer points of the export laws (which includes free software), so it's probably better that they just made a simple law that even developers can understand. Someday, this will go away: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korean_Demilitarized_Zone Then software developers can find another problem that they can solve from the comfort of their Aeron chair. So, you are arguing that an accidental killing is the same as an intentional one? You do realize that the US killings were an accident, correct? Friendly fire...kind of like this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Tillman Here's a friendly fire list on Wikipedia. Most probably don't get cataloged. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friendly_fire So, it's safe to assume it will happen again in every current and future war. The point is that wars are very ugly and imprecise. Now, I'm pretty sure that it is a war crime to intentionally kill innocent civilians, so yes, if the US starts doing this, I expect the rest of the world place embargos. At any rate, you are free to leave your comfort zone and make the world a better place. It's easy to complain and have all the answers. It's an entirely different matter to effect change. I'm sure at least half of those morons in Congress would have nailed you to the wall for making such a flawed case trying to prove your point. [Edit] I guess I only focused on his first statement. I addressed the common statement "Why does it hurt to allow the export of a text editor" in another post. In short, it's easier to make a blanket law. gcc, for example, could be used for weapons software development. Emacs? Well, it can run a version of Lisp! :-) Notepad++? Never used it. Anyway, who has time to evaluate every piece of software for export restrictions. Yes, people can get around them anyway, but that doesn't mean there shouldn't be speed bumps. Ugh. We should forbid political posts on Hacker News. Such a time suck... After reading through the other posts, I don't think Notepad++ was ever restricted by export controls. Sourceforge initially didn't allow them to specify that the software was not restricted by law so they restricted everyone. So, other than software that contains encryption, what software is restricted? I think it is usually understood that when people say html5, they are discussing the set of technologies that you mentioned, at least among developers. Unless another buzzword arises, the term html5 is going to stick. When the nyt or wsj write an html5 article, for example, do they really need to explain the details to their readers? Sign up for a github account. It's free and they have help. If you're on Windows, I've been told TortoiseGit is good. http://code.google.com/p/tortoisegit/ I wonder how many more decades before we get high-speed rail in the US... I've been on the trains in France and Japan and it's a great way to travel. You didn't say where you live. In the New York City area the reality is that driving a car is neither fun or convenient. Have you ever spent 40 minutes looking for a parking spot? We already have a problem and providing alternatives to driving is the only solution. Never liked reddit so I missed this entire resource until now. Thanks. I want all my non-perishables delivered this way. Let's get the robots to pack a more complex box. Sorry, the futuristic rail system will arrive a little later. Two steps forward, one step back. Right-sizing the boxes goes a long way towards using extra capacity. If you don't need them the next day, is shipping them in tractor trailers that much better? I've never worked in defense. Can someone explain what "these kind of people" means? People? They need to adopt Android. There aren't enough developers to support more than 2 or 3 platforms really well. Microsoft might be the 3rd. Tried to comment on his blog from my iPad but it didn't work. Basically he should throw in McDonalds, Panera, and other major chain that offers free wifi. Who decides in other systems? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_punishment#Global_distr... It seems like in some of these other systems, people are executed for non-violent crimes too. 432 miles is farther that I expected. Let's get high-speed trains running along the North East Corridor. NYC to Philly - 95 miles NYC to Washington DC - 225 miles NYC to Boston - 220 miles Washington to Bostin - 420 miles That Amtrak train isn't going 150mph. Gotta take the curves out the tracks. I was going to say that...or I was going to say that it's probably just simpler to open to one market where all issues are resolved then open it to other markets as issues in those markets become resolved. Can't decide which one sounds more logical. Were Gmail, Picasa, Buzz, Wave, and Google Docs available only in the US first when they were first released? I'm not sure what you mean by equivalent but would all 3 exist if they didn't have significant differences? Would they have gone off in search of the Holy Grail with Perl 6 if Perl didn't have a few nasty issues that needed to be cleaned up. I'm one of those guys who has used Perl for over 10 years. It was wilting and I'm glad to see some new life being breathed back into it. Perl6 was started in the year 2000. It's a lot more than a rev from 5.08 to 5.12, for example. Can you elaborate on some of the more details? For example, what concepts from Ruby and Python are they borrowing in Perl6 that don't exist in Perl5? Wikipedia didn't elaborate. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perl6#Goals Sure, at some high-level they're all the same, but the devil is in the details. Just saying they're all the same is specious. Isn't that pretty much the world in which we live? Nothing unusual, right? Competition is a good thing. People hate the idea of a Mac vs. PC "war", for example, but it was a good thing. In reality neither company really competes in OS's any longer. Neither Windows or Mac OS are really undergoing a lot of development these days. Apple and Microsoft are both content and off doing other things. Phones, tablets, games, databases, etc. Has all the interesting stuff been done with the OS? Why is this story #3 on Hacker News? The guy is probably wrong about the Mac Pro. Of course Apple is going to lead the way with USB3. The HN story where Steve says Apple will continue to make the best computers in the world is more interesting. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1457680 Look, I really dislike Microsoft, but we're not allowed to discuss why on HN. :-) However, IE9 really can catapult the Internet to the next level by being highly standards compliant and having great performance. Let's give them credit on this one. Safari, Chrome, Firefox, and Opera competing against a strong contender from Microsoft is a great thing. Search for my down voted response on this page. It refers to another HN post where Steve says Apple will continue to make the best computers in the world, meaning he hasn't lost focus on that market. The tablet did fail. They've been trying since the year 2000. http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/features/2000/nov00/11-13... I don't think the iPad's niche is for reading books. I'm sure Apple has all kinds of cool stuff in their labs that they don't announce because most will never see the light of day. Apple built their "tablet" first then decided that there was a possible market with smart phones. Three years later they did the natural thing and built a big iPhone. I use mine for apps and to browse the web. It's a great little device! Personally, I would like to see a real tablet (with optional stylus), but at least Apple kickstarted the market in the public's eyes. Much more is lost due to Hacker News. :-) I indent my Perl code. Not everyone does, however. It's a trivial task to reformat it in an editor. I guess the only complaint I might have is why bother thinking about indentation, ever? Throw in a couple of {} and now the tools can provide additional help. Shouldn't tools take care of that before a commit to svn, git, etc? Java has formatters, the Go language has one. Do any exist for Python or Perl? In the 1990's Microsoft forced every computer vendor to pay them for a DOS license regardless of whether they shipped DOS on the PC (did this apply to Windows?) They basically killed any chance of a competing OS in the PC world (4DOS, Quarterdeck, BeOS, Unix, OS/2). The US govt eventually forced them to stop this practice, but it was too late by then. Competition all dead. Another example, they built the browser into the operating system, thus killing of Netscape. Once they did that they let IE stagnate for several years, providing no innovation (IE6 is 2001). We are finally crawling out of that hole. IE9 is going to be good because it has competition and Microsoft now must compete or see further erosion in their browser market share. In short, because Microsoft has a desktop monopoly (90% for 15 years), and they've used it aggressively, they make people a bit unhappy. Personally, I don't care if people choose to use Windows, but many people don't want to, yet they must because of "corporate standards." The only other thing that bugs me is people always want the govt to look into Apple and Google. Everyone seems to have forgotten that Microsoft still has this huge 90% market share. If it could be reduced to 70%, for example, everyone would benefit, including Microsoft users. What's the reason to go after a couple of "small" fish nipping at the heals of Microsoft? Hopefully, China is going to contribute a lot to basic research in the next decade. Shipping cheap junk to the US isn't nearly has beneficial as doing hard science, along with R&D. If they pull it off, we'll look back in the year 2020 and laugh at how little we knew. I quit StackOverFlow once they devalued asking questions. No one on the site seemed to understand that incentivizing people to ask great questions was the most important thing. The site could have been a great starting point for learning esoteric topics like Haskell, Scheme, Lisp, Grails, Scala, Lift, Go, Emacs Lisp, etc. Basically, in general, you need one good question with 2 or 3 good answers [yes, some types are better with 100 answers]. "How do I reverse a string in Java?" "How do I reverse a string in Haskell?" "How do I ... in Haskell?" The questions could have been linked to build a Rosetta Stone, as well as a complete beginner's guide to topic X. Actually, it could have been a guide from beginner to guru. If I cared most about reputation, I wouldn't have been asking questions in the Emacs Lisp and Common Lisp groups, for example. As you can see, you don't necessarily get a lot of points for asking or answering questions in an esoteric section. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2264267/generating-a-quiz... http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2264286/generating-a-quiz... I had around 90 questions when I quit. The way the game was set up, you always got a lot more points for answering questions, then getting them upvoted. In general, you are going to get more votes in the most popular topics. Reputation is also a currency. You can spend it to get better answers to your questions, 50 points minimum. My reputation was probably between 2300-2500 before the devaluation. I guess I would have lost half? Not sure. At any rate, where StackOverFlow could have been really interesting is moving beyond the simple questions and solving specific, but a more complicated, questions. If you don't take the time to be specific, someone will just give you a link to another site. That gets upvoted a few times and your question is done. Hopefully, someone will come up with a better model. I'd do it without rep, but I like the economy aspect. I think it draws in people. People will game it, so design the model to get the desired results: Great questions and great answers. Reputation is also a currency. You can use it to get [better] answers to questions. 50 points is the minimum so it can go fast. Is anyone using Java on GAE? I love Java in general but for web dev I never found a great framework. Was considering learning Python/Django. However, the one thing about Java is that I might be able to go with Scala and/or Clojure at some point. Version like Wired magazine on the iPad? Yes, it's a bit of form over function but it was enjoyable, and more importantly, that's what I would gladly pay for. A one year subscription would be ideal. NYC to Chicago is about 720 miles. That's about 3.5hrs by train...sometime in our lifetime. Exactly when is just a matter of deciding to spend the money. The technology was invented 50 years ago. Application developers need official releases. A few people using an unofficial upgrade doesn't help the platform. Here are the versions developers are going to need to support by the end of 2010: 1.5, 1.6, 2.1, 2.2, and 3.0. iPad is built for web browsing. It will get between 1%-2% market share in the next 12 months. It's possible that in the next 2-3 years, it could get as high as 5%. Android tablets should do well too. The author asserts that Visual Studio is a much better development platform than everything else. I use IntelliJ, emacs, Unix cli, Perl, etc What am I missing? I'm sure Visual Studio is good but even if it's better, how much better is it? IntelliJ is great. They have a free version for people who want to try it. http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/index.html The same guys make Resharper for Visual Studio. I can't imagine that Visual Studio is better if the Java guys are making a plugin for it. I have heard that for C++, VS is hard to beat, but I haven't done that in a few years. Why not try to capture some of the Hacker News talent and create a crowd sourced Hacker News project? I little bit of everyone's time could add up to something interesting, and perhaps useful. Why can't humans be a little more self aware? We know almost nothing. We're still in the stone age and we need to work really hard, invest a lot more money in education and research. It's not how far we've come, it's how far we have to go. Hmmm. I got voted down without any comments. No one can remember the big debate 25 years ago when the US had to choose between the Hubble and the Super Collider in Texas, which would have been bigger than the LHC? Hubble won, but many argued that it was a waste of money, which turned out to be far from the truth. The discoveries about to be made at CERN could have happened 2 decades ago. I guess I was trying to convey the fact that there are a lot of big discoveries waiting to be found. People seem to not put enough emphasis in research and education in the US. The Hubble vs Super Collider debate many years ago. Nasa is always underfunded, IMO. Seems like there is so much more we could do. Robots. This is going to be the decade of robots. Carnegie Mellon is a world leader, and Pittsburgh should benefit from the boom. Just Google and see what you come up with. I found a few: http://www.seegrid.com/seegridoffices.html http://kotaku.com/5577771/intel-inside-your-mind-serving-you... - Intel Lab in Pittsburgh http://www.pittsburghroboticssociety.org/ (Open)Solaris died a few years ago. It has got some great features like Zones and ZFS, and it's still very stable. However, they lost the hearts and minds of almost everyone. I used OpenSolaris for a few months as my desktop. They don't have the package support of Linux, or the large community. Gotta remember to get GNU Make before Sun's Make in PATH, Gnu sed before Sun's, or was the other way around, Perl CPAN modules not compiling... What a waste of time. As Scott McNealy said: you've gotta get all your wood behind one arrow. That arrow is now Linux. This story says duct tape will work. The following story in the Economist says insulating tape will not work: http://www.economist.com/node/21008277 Will any kind of tape work? Duct, electrical? The only commercial supersonic jet no longer flies. The Space Shuttle is being retired without a replacement. It has taken months to stop the spill in the Gulf. Billions of dollars spent and we can't cure cancer. We can't even cure the common cold. Only a small fraction of the world even contributes to progress. Most people live on a few dollars a day and are just trying to survive. In short, we have a long way to go, and there's a lot of work to do. Switch to IntelliJ: http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/index.html I even prefer Netbeans to Eclipse. http://netbeans.org There are 3 fully featured Java IDE's. You have only tried one of them. Why do you need to "standardise" on a Java IDE? Do you standardise on vi, emacs, or Notepad? Can't developers simply use whichever IDE they prefer, keeping the code formatted in the desired format? Can anyone provide technical articles discussing the iPhone 4's antenna? How it compares to other phones, for example. There are too many anecdotal stories. Personally, I'd like to see the issue quantified. Didn't some of the Self research get used in the JVM? There's already plenty of competition in the smartphone space with Nokia, Apple, Android, WebOS, and RIM. Microsoft in this market won't make a difference either way. You know where there's not enough competition? Windows 90%, Mac OS 9%, Linux 1%. Google only has 70% search and people scream monopoly and want government regulation, and I can switch search engines in a matter of seconds. The desktop market will be healthier when Microsoft has 70% market share. Although, at this time, I'm not sure how that's going to happen. :-( Is it easy? Maybe they had an intern do it? Will this functionality be missed? Try working out the amount of code you write in an average day, or week. If you're writing, say 500 lines per hour, for 4 hours a day. At 5 days a week for 50 weeks, you've written 500,000 lines of code in one year. Rather than pointing out where it won't work, how about finding places where it will work. The northeast, for example, is densely populated and the major cities are close. The real problem is building straight tracks so trains can go 200mph. NYC to Philly - 95 miles NYC to Washington DC - 225 miles NYC to Boston - 220 miles Washington to Bostin - 420 miles I haven't enabled 3G on my iPad because I'm usually near wifi these days. I can't imagine that a 3G Kindle is necessary for too many people. The extra cost is your first 4 books. Funny, I do the same thing. Recently my notes moved to ~/Dropbox/Notes and I also use git. You can be up and running in Emacs in a few minutes, if you grab AquaEmacs. It uses the Mac keybindings. Cmd-w, Cmd-s,Cmd-o, Cmd-c,Cmd-x,Cmd-v, etc. Just like any Mac program, navigate the menus to see what features and keybindings are available, when you get the urge. http://aquamacs.org/ I imagine on Windows you can find one with equivalent key-bindings. As you get the urge to learn more, start reading blogs, etc. Here's a good place to start: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/60367/the-single-most-use... This trend was pretty easy to spot. Almost 6 months ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1129465 The problem is that developers are making a lot more money on iPhone apps. I've heard several developers complaining that their apps don't sell on Android. Will this eventually change? It is probably worth noting that AMD brought 64-bit to the PC world. Intel was telling customers they didn't need it. AMD actually took a small bite out of Intel and Intel quickly changed its mind. Breaking the Wintel monopoly will spur a lot of innovation. A third choice like Chrome or Android on tablets or notebooks might do the trick. When we get to comments like this, I think we can safely say this doesn't belong on Hacker News. There must be some other political forum where this can rehashed. "The Year of Linux on the Desktop" may never arrive but it looks like "The Year of Linux" might be this year, or next. Mobile phones could soon make Linux the most popular OS in the world. It will add 5 minutes for everyone else too. Get in a security line on a busy travel day and 10 extra pat-downs will add up. We need a better solution. I want to arrive, with my carry-on luggage, 30 minutes before takeoff for my 1 hour flight home. Huge? 17% is significant, but not huge. http://marketshare.hitslink.com/browser-market-share.aspx?qp... People have several options: Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, and, IE8. All of these are free, so I think we're almost to the point where people can be nudged off of IE6. Marketing? Actually, I think we've been waiting 45 years for a general purpose tablet. http://www.filmjunk.com/images/weblog/treknobabble50_9.jpg I think we still need an an optional stylus. Some tasks require more accuracy than a finger. I guess you haven't read up on compound interest. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compound_interest The 401k will compound tax free until you take out the money. Also, I don't think there is any reason to have any debt beyond student loans and a home mortgage. You're throwing away money by paying interest on credit cards. 9 out of 10 people already use Windows. Are they trying to get that number back up to 9.4 out of 10? I think their efforts are better spent in mobile and building an iPad competitor. It's really going to hurt when Apple and Google lock up the mobile and tablet markets. Good points. Why not get corporate sponsorship? Can't bikes be kept in designated secure locations? Being able to bike around NYC would be great. Perhaps with a little ingenuity it will become a reality. The article mentions Hoboken, NJ. I live here and there was no bust, IMHO. Buildings are still going up. It's a small little town on the Hudson River, across from NYC. I'm sure prices fell 20%, maybe 30%, but you didn't lose half your money. I bet he's pretty happy now that he is rich. And Steve Jobs wouldn't have bought Pixar and created NeXT if he hadn't made a fortune at Apple before he got fired. Immersion is the best way. If you can go to a country and take language lessons there, you will learn much more quickly. Learning a language requires lots of correct repetition. If Spanish is what you want to learn, then it's pretty easy. Go to Antigua, Guatemala and spend 12 weeks in one of the 150 language schools. It will cost between $150-$200/week for classes with your own private instructor. I spent 10 weeks at this school: http://www.travelpod.com/ad/Proyecto_Linguistico_Francisco_M... Be careful, this is a backbacker and gringo town. You might find yourself partying late into the night and not studying too much. Here's my favorite bar: http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=4123596654 2010 is the Year of Linux on the Phone. Linux is outselling Apple and Microsoft. You forgot about China? They now have the largest subway system in the world. It's only 15 years old. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shanghai_Metro When was the Second Avenue line started in NYC? 1960? Google is using the 2.6 kernel. Yes, a lot of user land stuff is missing, probably to keep the footprint small. Google will be contributing their changes back to the Linux kernel. They are feeding the Linux ecosystem. http://developer.android.com/guide/basics/what-is-android.ht... And you're right, WebOS and Nokia(Meego) have Linux phones too. Linux is the the future of smartphones is one form or another. Throw in the iPhone and we can say Unix, the past, has become the future of smartphones. Interesting. I know that some games are direct ports of their iPhone versions. It doesn't make sense why they would be worth the money on the iPhone but not on Android. Oracle bought Sun for $7B. Sun sold out way too early. It has been this way for well over a decade. The jump to Linux or Mac is much easier these days. A lot more support. Before all the solutions to the little problems were in Google, it used to take more effort to go with the "other guys." IE still has 60% market share, and it's holding steady. IE9 is going to be one of the most important products Microsoft ever ships. It will be compatible enough with web standards, and offer enough performance, that it should allow developers to build more sophisticated apps based on open standards. Html5, css3 and fast Javascript will soon be a given. I figured that because between June and July, IE marketcshare increased by .4% http://marketshare.hitslink.com/browser-market-share.aspx?qp... IE9 beta ships in 2 weeks. Microsoft is finally going to get it right. Not to pick on you because 90% of the time people say anyways. Anyway, my point is don't say anyways. http://grammar.quickanddirtytips.com/anyway-or-anyways.aspx Downvoted, of course. I hope for my trouble a few more people get it. I used to say it too. Roommate in college broke my habit. As a former addict I notice people saying it all the time. :-) Anyways... The least common denominator has been increased. In a few short years, hardware accelerated HTML5 will be expected. 95% on ACID3 will be taken for granted. Really fast JavaScript, ... you get the idea. Sure some people will hang out with IE6 for another 5 years, but most sites can now be optimized for much more functionality. Finally, for those people(companies) that will only use a Microsoft browser, they now have a really good HTML5 browser. It will cost 1/10 the price in 10-12 years and be a lot more functional. So goes progress. Banks seem to be backing away from the RFID cards. My new card came without one. I called and asked them why and they said they were less secure. Personally, I love the new cards. Unfortunately, NYC cabs and CVS are the only place where you can find the readers. They are taking action to improve Java. There will be a Java release in 2011 and one in 2012. Half the people will disagree with the decision, of course. Oracle is a consistently profitable company. They know how to run a business. They know what they're doing. If the old Sun and their culture wanted to survive, they needed to run a better business. I'd get a second tablet. Apple will do yearly refreshes of the iPad. Previous gen will get Chrome OS. The important thing here is the US military is big enough to create a market. They've got lots of money and they don't care if the solution is more expensive than fossil fuels. I'm guessing that if the fire department put out the fire then only people who's houses catch fire will pay. This probably won't generate enough revenue. Can you supply references to compilers producing faster code than assembler written by hand? I'm under the impression that the programmer can still do better, if she's willing to put in the effort. Wouldn't it be better to use a Python or Ruby framework? That way one can use either language for writing other non-web apps? PHP is very popular on the web but Ruby and Python are used for much more. Python and Ruby both run on the JVM, for example. Windows 2000 doesn't appear to have any significant market share. http://www.w3schools.com/browsers/browsers_os.asp I'd alternate going to my dentist and my girlfriend's dentist. My dentist always wanted to replace some of my fillings. My girlfriend's dentist never mentioned it. Once I even asked before the exam if my fillings needed to be replaced, telling her that another dentist said a few were bad. The final verdict: I was fine. I never went back to my dentist. It's going to be interesting when Google's market cap passes Microsoft's. Could happen in 2011. Microsoft still gets incredible revenue from Windows and Office but these aren't growth markets because they already dominate. Microsoft has almost become IBM. Emacs will be even better when you can use Scheme instead of Elisp. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1663627/guile-and-emacs You've either shipped or you haven't: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1524352 Middle class now. The world is a much more interesting today. Of course, you'll be able to say the same thing about today 100 years from now. There is no evidence to support this statement. With all the hype it might appear to be approaching but we aren't any closer today. More people live to an older age but we're still getting older at the same rate. John Adams, the 2nd US President, for example, lived to 90. 200 years later and most of us won't live that long. Imagine that you want to rewrite OpenOffice from scratch. What language would you use? That should be the next big language. I'm a Perl guy. If I pick Ruby just because it's more like Perl, will I wish I had chosen differently in 12 months. In other words, are there any limitations that I will hit as my skills progress? Will iPad sales dissuade developers from using Flash or promote the development of iPad apps to augment rich Flash sites? IntelliJ is faster than Netbeans. Download the free version and give it a try. http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download Netbeans performance has gotten better in recent versions. Probably worth keeping an eye on the updates. 2010 is the Year of the Linux phone. Linux conquered supercomputers and servers years ago. Its reach greatly expanded this year. Chrome is on the way. Shortly more people will definitely use Linux on the "desktop". Probably the wrong time to call Linux dead anywhere. Apple survived with 2% market share. Chrome or Android will get Linux there. There is still Blackberry, webOS, and Nokia. Already lots of competition. Adding Microsoft doesn't hurt but it's probably not helping much at this point. Also, I think Apple and Google know they need to improve, regardless of the competition. They are both strong players vying to be the #1 in smart phones. I hope someone does a Clojure page too. People will love rail transportation once they build high-speed rail. Now it's faster to drive. Boston to NYC is about 220 miles. Say a "real" high-speed train averages 180mph then the train trip is 90 minutes. Fewer would make the 4 hour drive. It would also reduce the need for those Nyc/Boston shuttle flights. Adjusting the game? Trying to reduce comments and posts? I once posted a story that got 80 points. Unfortunately, the points went to the guy who posted the same story 10 minute later. I'm in the Emacs camp. However, vi has a certain minimalistic efficiency to it for development. Let me add that a pro might want to quit with :x instead of :wq. VirtualBox is free. I would start with that. Steve is famous for telling his employees that Apple has to focus on what they do best. First Java and now the XServe. Apple must be taking inventory. This is really bad idea. Java and the JVM can still be greatly improved. Closures, fixing generics, tail call optimization, module system, faster startup, etc. JavaFX will be a nice improvement once it's integrated with Java. Why would consumers want either brand to "win?" Three or four really good smartphone options will keep prices down and innovation high. We've waited long enough for Java 7. Let's get that one out then look at the options. Fork Java, put the effort behind another language, like Go or Scala, or simply let Oracle run with it. Lead, follow or get out of the way. Stallman hasn't offered a better solution than Java. Java is a better choice than C or C++. Developers are simply more productive in Java. Python, Ruby, etc don't currently offer nearly the level of performance. I'm still waiting for the version of Emacs that's written entirely in Scheme. [edit] Funny, I got voted down. Hope you guys will volunteer to rip out the Java from Open Office and rewrite it in C++. Stallman has his ideals, which is fine. However, if Java was never open sourced, he would not be in favor of it. OpenOffice was largely written in C++ because they didn't want to use Java because it wasn't open. Imagine how much more work could have been accomplished if they started with Java. Not that Java is a great, or even pretty, language. It's just a lot easier to work with than C++. Someday, we'll be able to move up another level of abstraction and writing software will again become easier. My point about Stallman was that he would keep developers in the "stone ages" rather than be practical. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenOffice.org#Use_of_Java This article is several months old. Are people happy with the 2.8 release? Is now a good time to adopt Scala and to start using Scala in production? HN should put a little entrepreneur badge next to your name for having shipped a product. That would motivate some people. People aren't afraid of cicadas. Their servers are not doing well from the extra publicity. Getting a bit of extra attention from HN on a Friday night does have its downsides. I uninstalled Flash on my Mac about a week ago. Wanted to see if I could reduce the fan noise and heat. The one thing that might make me reinstall is that YouTube only supports 1 in 10 videos in html5, if that. Sounds like a perfect opportunity for Chrome, Firefox, Opera, or a new company to build a better browser than Safari. Apple is using an open technology implemented by several competing organizations. FourSquare uses Scala. I also use Notational Velocity on the Mac. I sync with the iPad/iPhone app SimpleNote. The great thing is that sync'ing is automatic in each app. Now all of my ideas and notes are always on whatever device I have at hand. I tried EverNote for a while but it got in the way for quickly updating existing notes, IMHO. The one positive note is that a lot of money is being spent on robotics R&D, which will hopefully have some consumer uses. Weren't the problems with the American economy foretold before the financial crisis? We haven't even hit the big problems. You can only borrow for so long and kick the can down the road. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0963807 If you have seen the movie "Waiting for Superman" you'll understand why the union is taking some of the blame. They certainly make a case for it being part of the problem. Also, would it be possible to provide some evidence for your claims about education? It might help us have a better discussion. I'm now in my 40's and I no longer wear contacts because the long hours staring at a screen caused too much dryness. Other than taking lots of breaks, what else can be done to reduce dryness? Worth doing a Hacker News spreadsheet? A low dosage of 75 milligrams is still a problem? It's a little disappointing that we didn't get to 20 cores by 2009. We didn't even make it to 8. Has anyone written an HTML mode for Emacs that approaches TextMate? I'm an Emacs user but TextMate is so nice for web pages that I bought it for a project I was working on. About twenty years ago I was trolling around the Internet explaining how Microsoft was going to screw over IBM and OS/2. I went by melling back then too: http://www.skytel.co.cr/advocacy/research/1991/0817.html And for hacking fun, I was enamored with Steve Jobs' NeXT computer. Among other things, I worked on the Tetris port: http://www.artizia.com/tetris/contributors.html A year later, I found my first developer job via the Internet and ended up in the NYC area. About a year out of college I bought a used 386 computer, got Linux running and a PPP connection, then I was back on the Internet. Today, the Internet is just bigger and faster, while Steve's NeXT computer fits in your front shirt pocket. On StackOverFlow, before I quit, I was building up a suite of elisp questions. I though this format provided an excellent way to learn and throw down some breadcrumbs. Note on Unix/Mac, you can use Emacs as your scripting language: #!/usr/bin/emacs --script This should be a good start: Hello World: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2170528/writing-hello-wor... CGI: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1532311/cgi-programming-i... AWK Example: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2260294/awk-print-2-1-in-... Extract URLs: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1642184/extracting-urls-f... Parse CSV/Gen HTML: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1541682/lisp-script-to-pa... Wrap Selection like Textmate: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1558178/wrap-selection-in... MySql (Unanswered): http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1532365/mysql-queries-fro... Generate a Quiz: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2264286/generating-a-quiz... Open Browser: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1532365/mysql-queries-fro... Finally, I thought having the same questions answered in Common Lisp would be useful. Generate a Quiz: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2264267/generating-a-quiz... IE6 still has more market share than Chrome. Some mainstream advertising is needed for Google to eat into IE's market share. You've made over 20 posts in one day. pg might need to bring back average karma. This is not the kind of site where you want to games the system for karma. It definitely goes against the spirit of HN. For those people not in the US, the US school system has been teaching the metric system since at least since the late 70's. We do know the conversions (eg .62, 2.2, and 1.8). It might take another decade but we will get to the metric system. Can't we come up with a nice way to get people to move to modern browsers? IE6 and IE7 should both fall below 10% this year. With a little prodding IE9 could become the least supported browser within a year, and IE9 is going to be a pretty good browser. Intel has been trying to reach ARM's power consumption for years. Not so easy with legacy chips. Anyway, if ARM gains a strong foothold in tablet computing and Chrome netbooks, for example, what's the motivation for switching to Intel in 3-4 years? Intel needs to be a lot better, not just competitive. I have both Chrome and Firefox installed on my Mac. I take turns switching between them and Safari. I don't want the "there can be only one" browser limitation to ever happen again. They're all free, and they're trying to implement open standards. Let's spend a little time with each of them. I want the bleeding edge version that is only up 90% of the time where they keep adding features. Let's call it the nightly build version. Google might also consider letting people subscribe to a version that only supports very modern browsers. FF4, IE9, etc. This will create a beta channel for "release early, release often." It would be easier to learn a new language if I could fit it into my day job. My current idea is to try to find small throw-away tasks to do in different languages. For example, last week I joined StackOverFlow and tried to solve a small task by asking the same question for two different languages (elisp, Haskell). Elisp: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4640040/how-can-i-generat... Haskell: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4640953/how-can-i-generat... In the future, when I need something done quickly I won't always "reach" for Perl because I'll have a better starting point. Not that there's anything wrong with Perl. I just want a few more tools in my arsenal. If I few people joined in, we might end up with a few breadcrumbs to make it easier for everyone to get started. Within a short period of time, all the major browsers will match IE9. The least common denominator is about to take a big leap forward. Why wouldn't you want the best in class of any product? You only "go around once." Also, consider the upside of companies striving to produce "best in class" products. Improvements are made much quicker and price drops more rapidly. Netbeans is open source. The plugin is open source. Oracle is simply trying to cut projects where they have no direct or indirect benefit. I'm sure they would be happy if someone else maintained the plugin. Netbeans has a growing community of plugin developers. There is a community Clojure plugin, for example: http://www.enclojure.org Oracle has a profitable business model. It works for them. They have some open source projects that they no longer care to support. In the open source model, someone else is free to carry the torch. It should only require a few people to adopt the Ruby plugin. There are already lots of Netbeans plugins so the learning curve: http://plugins.netbeans.org/PluginPortal Complaining about Oracle, or any profit driven company, won't help. Growing open source communities will: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/netbeans-plugins The thing about nanotechnology is that people could build small machines that you can't see to kill people. Hmmmm aren't we making some sort of Luddite argument? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luddite Yes, new technology can be used for bad things too. If you work for the post office or are a teacher, for example, your pension adjusts for inflation. Other govt jobs are similar? So, inflating out of the problem won't help here. This is 17 years old. 17 years ago a lot of people didn't know about the Internet. The title is also misleading because it's in the present tense. Can you change it to: "In 1994, ... didn't know what the Internet was" 9/10 desktops run Windows and IE still has almost 60% market share, despite being much worse than Firefox or Chrome (yes IE9 is a huge improvement). Microsoft could do a lot of damage to Google by leveraging their desktop monopoly. I think Google has around 70% search market share, but they're easily replaceable. By the time the courts sort it out, the damage will be done. Works fine in FF4. There's no reason not to be using FF4 at this time. Just a few more bug fixes and it's done. That's under the Ad section. Not really sure if that's misleading. If I search for a BMW and I get an ad for Jaguar, shouldn't that be expected? Also, I tried the search on Mac and I didn't get the ad. Just Internet Explorer 9. Faulting Apple for having different priorities about which features to implement first? I used to use a a Linux (Fedora) laptop but I got tired of opening the lid, only to find out that it didn't suspend properly. I bought a Mac so I could run Unix and have the basic stuff "just work." I'm still hopeful that someday the Linux community will finally produce a polished desktop solution on par with Apple. I commute on a bus for 20-30 minutes each way every day. I've got my iPad out and I'm reading HN for most of my commute. Guilt free HN for an hour a day. :-) Do instant-on hot water heaters work well? What are the best brands. I'm in an apartment with a small tank that I would like to replace. Sun went for less. Oracle sure got a great deal. Maybe. Steve greatly reduced the number of products when he returned to Apple. He's very big on doing/producing fewer things and doing them right. Isn't is useful to have all prior discussions linked? Ideally, it wouldn't be a post, but a separate part of the message, shown on the side. I downloaded the most recent Chromium nightly for the Mac. Firefox 4 does a better job. Chromium does fine on many things. However, Firefox 4 looks great! I'm sure with Chrome's rapid release cycle, these demos will work well within a matter of months. It doesn't do anyone any good if demos only run in one browser. We already have $1 coins. There was a recent push to get people to accept them. Didn't seem to work. At this point, we should move to contactless cash cards that can be used like some credit cards but without transaction fees. Reducing the need to carry cash will also save money, and time. Wait, I've got a penny here somewhere. Yes, ideally they will stand on their own two legs. However, as with most things there is an imperfect transition. Hopefully, great Android tablets will soon arrive and we'll be off to the races. I want a tablet that I can slide next to a keyboard, mouse and monitor and that becomes my desktop, as needed. And we had tablets in the year 2000 too. http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/features/2000/nov00/11-13... I guess we don't really have it until it gains wide adoption. Works in Firefox 4. The RC arrives this week. It's finally done. http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/beta As an American I see this as a problem for America. However, there is a big upside to this. The rest of the world gets some of its talent back, which will help it develop faster. There are over 1 billion people in India, for example. They deserve to be more than a call center or a place to outsource for the US. At some point, device makers are going to realize a stylus is quite useful. Unfortunately, I think Apple wants to go out of its way to prove that you don't need one, it may take a few years to see them as an option. You plug it in and charge it. At least that's what I did on my last vacation when I was in the air for 15 hours. You can be Jim Clark, Danny Hillis or Eric Schmidt. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_H._Clark http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Schmidt http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W._Daniel_Hillis If you need to be convinced, you probably shouldn't do it. As someone who hates IE, I must say that I'm actually really looking forward to IE9. The "worst" of the major browsers just closed the gap (and surpassed?) with fast JavaScript and gpu acceleration. Hopefully, there's more to come. FF4 is fast and feature rich. Try out Chrome and FF4 on this site: https://demos.mozilla.org/en-US/ There doesn't have to be only one browser, right? We want a few great implementations of the open standards. I'm on the every other device plan. Technology doesn't change enough every year to justify the upgrade. Every other Apple upgrade is good, and it works out that I'm staggering the iPhone and iPad. This year the 3GS gets traded in for the 5. Next year the iPad 3. Sure, it's personally very rewarding to be able to talk to someone or read a newspaper in another language. Did I mention "there's an app for that!" :-) I've written a pretty basic app for both iPhone and Android to help learn some Spanish vocabulary. There are many others too. It's a lot of work learning a second language but with mobile devices some of this can be done while waiting for a bus, etc. Grab my free version and pester me to add the lessons, audio, improve UI, and conjugator. I'm half way done with version 2. Wish I could share code between Android and iPhone. http://www.h4labs.com Yes, Java definitely has an advantage over C# because it's multi-platform. Granted C# really has done a great job of adding nice features that I wish were in Java... This kind of story seems to happen when committees are involved, and there is an overarching need for backwards compatibility. Closures in Java arrive in 2012. 2013 at the latest. Mono does give you the ability to run C# code everywhere. So, correct, it's not the language itself that's preventing you to write C# once, run everywhere. Perhaps you understood where I was going in the first place? Anyway, people choose Java because they can write once and deploy everywhere. If you write in the C# .Net ecosystem on Windows, it won't run everywhere, which is fine if Windows is your only target. I'll have to take a look. Which UI toolkit do you recommend? http://www.mono-project.com/Gui_Toolkits That has been the consensus of a lot of developers for about a year now. No Apple support hurts. However, the real reason is that the modern browsers lessen the need for Flash. Chrome, IE9, and Firefox all competing are going to cause rapid improvements in the traditional experience. All have great releases this month, for example. I'm sure Flash will be around for a few more years. How quickly it goes depends on the mobile market, IMHO. If Android phones and tablets run Flash well, it will survive a bit longer. There are so many relief organizations. I often wonder which ones are the most effective and most efficient. I also wonder which one's would be most effective in Japan at this time. I Googled and got a list. http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20473235,00.html People like to help but I think we could all do more if we understood the problem better. Often donated money isn't used for the current disaster but is used for another one. That's right there needs to be balance. There currently isn't any. I'm asking the HN crowd if they have any insight into the most effective ways to donate. I found this site that seems to be reputable. http://charitywatch.org/ [update] I found a direct link on the site related to the earthquake in Japan. World Vision is listed along with others. http://charitywatch.org/hottopics/JapanTsunami2011.html This site does say people should wait to give while the situation is being assessed. I'm not a Windows users but I hope that IE9 gets enough buzz that people feel that they need to have it. Hard to believe that (almost) more people could be running IE9 by the end of the year than users of Firefox and Chrome combined. Why is it wrong to follow up when someone is incorrect or inaccurate? "Smart" people are wrong all the time. Some very smart people didn't see the Wall Street crash coming either. I don't think we need to be childish about it, but it's helpful if we can examine when and why we are wrong. Sometimes, "smart" people are wrong an awful lot of the time but we only remember the few times they were correct. There was a recent HN post about criminal profiling that reminded me of this. I don't think FF has 30% market share. I used these numbers. http://marketshare.hitslink.com/report.aspx?qprid=0 Vista and Win7 have about 30%, and it will grow because you can't buy XP. Everyone who can should download IE9. Those on XP who can't should download Chrome or Firefox 4. If IE9 gets enough buzz, maybe it will attract the attention of people who just live with whatever browser came with their machine, and they'll feel compelled to get a "modern" browser. One less browser to tweak and test. If you look at the numbers, IE7 is going away fast. That leaves IE8 and IE9. I think writing for a cross section of IE9, and the more modern browsers (FF,Chrome, Opera), and some specialized code for IE8 where necessary, is a big improvement. Call your project whatever you want. Spend less time on HN, and don't waste energy writing blogs that draw lines in the sand. Just keep making forward progress on something of value. Throwing down a challenge in the preface. That's a great way to sell a book to developers. Don't worry, I'm sure that after this disaster is over, the Japanese will build a better robot for this situation. Necessity is the mother of invention. We're fighting two wars where IED's are a big problem so we happen to be better prepared at this time. You've posted 600 stories in 80 days. I got curious when I saw two back to back posts from you about the US air strikes. Is this a HN story? We need fewer submissions here, not more. HN is supposed to be more focused. No bugs fixed. Mostly locale updates. Looks like it's done. http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/4.0/releasenotes This will be over quickly. The US involvement will probably be limited to a supporting role (missiles, not planes). We probably wouldn't be involved at all, but come election time, it wouldn't look good if Libya was "liberated" and the current administration did nothing. That's not the title of the Yahoo article. Steve admitted on stage (at D3?) that rejecting the political caricature app was a mistake. It's probably better to simply report the news rather than give an incorrect spin. JQuery According to LifeHacker, Firefox 4 is on par with Chrome. http://lifehacker.com/#!5784396/browser-speed-tests-firefox-... If startup speed is your main criteria, you want Opera. IE9 was released last week, so this is old news. I'm still up voting because I want everyone to install it who can. People will probably be happier with Chrome or Firefox, but in the event that a version of IE is launched, I want the stats counters, etc to see IE9 as the most used IE. In a couple of years IE's Isn't this a classic case of someone else executing better. Google, Intel, Amazon, and Facebook are all followers, for example. Microsoft was a big follower. The didn't invent spreadsheets, word processors, or OS's with a GUI. Diapers.com went for a fortune. I'm sure they weren't the first guys with that idea. I see they've shaved a second off of startup time. The slow startup is a problem for me because I want to learn Scala by writing little utility scripts, instead of using Perl. I don't want replace Perl but it's more fun to learn something by using it to solve real problems. What is he missing? I use Emacs on the Mac. AquaEmacs is nice. Sometimes getting binaries is a hassle. I use homebrew these days. Linux is a great platform. However, it's still lacking the polish and commercial support. Where's Photoshop CS5? OmniGraffle? The big thing now is I'm doing iPhone/iPad development. I still have a Linux server but it looks like I'll be doing my main dev on a Mac for the foreseeable future. I almost got a Roomba but I went with a Dyson instead because all reviews said you still need to vacuum. I'll probably get the next generation, which should be out in a year or so. Moore's Law is a bit flat at the beginning. For example, only 1% of the human DNA was sequenced at the first half of the project and the other 99% during the second half, if I remember the story correctly. We need a few more 18 month periods before robots start to become more useful in a non-controlled environment. My money is on 2015-2018. The New Delhi "bug." Kind of funny because my girlfriend and I both got sick in Mumbai. I told her we got the Mumbai virus. Two months later and we still have a cough, even after antibiotics. The real problem is anyone can buy antibiotics in India. Just go to a pharmacy and tell them what you want. Don't want to discourage anyone from going to India. It was a great trip. See the Taj, stay at the Lake Palace,... Stay at all the palaces, if you can afford it. I watched two videos and didn't see anyone innocent getting killed. I imagine to many of the guys it's like a real life video game, right up until they almost get killed. "Kids" get sent to war so you're going to get a certain amount of this. Not sure how to make them look at it differently. A certain amount of respect is missing. Of course if I saw someone burying an IED, I'm not sure I'd be too sensitive either. Who destroyed Lotus, WordPerfect, Borland and Netscape? Who swore under oath that the browser is part of the operating system, and couldn't be removed? Why are 9 out of 10 desktop computers running Windows? I think only one man gets the credit. :-) Hopefully, he can ruthlessly solve a few of the long-running problems in the world. And science... How about developing 5000 Isaac Newtons? There are lots of problems in the world that could be solved by producing more great scientists and engineers. They have a $14.99 1 year subscription until Mar 31. Loved the magazine as a kid. The iPad could add an interesting dimension to a science magazine. This might be true. What I'd like to see is a website that keeps score of everyone's predictions. The reality is that anything could happen in 5 years. Phones are easy to replace. Not much lock-in. I knew it! :-). Run it with ExtJS and you'll start to go crazy. Gotta rid the world of IE6-IE8 and get everyone to at least IE9, even if your favorite browser is Chrome or Firefox. I wish we could tag articles so they can be filtered. People want to have lots of meta discussions like this [Meta], for example. Every day there are articles trying to inspire people to got for it[Inspiration]. A few [Science] posts. A few [politics], which should be deleted automatically. We also have [Tech] and [Developer]. No, the entire world. I've traveled a lot through South America. There are lots of Internet cafes with older PC's that run IE6 in 512MB. Chrome would be a big improvement. Sorry if the Hulu deal only works in the US. JVM tail recursion is done. It's available now and officially ships July 28th. M-x org-mode and just start typing. Hyperlinks are clickable. Add a check lists. - [ ] Read Hacker News; C-c C-c when complete - [ ] Write blog * More readable links [[ http://news.ycombinator.com][Hacker News]] * Level I * * Level II -- There are two asterisks with no space. - [x] Write lesson one. One thing that can be done is to increase the general public's participation in science. StackOverFlow has several proposed science exchanges. These could be a stepping stone for people. This one sounded particularly interesting: http://area51.stackexchange.com/proposals/12194/sciencehome Perhaps not at the academic level, at least not initially, but drawing more people into science by making it easier to ask questions and get answers couldn't hurt. http://area51.stackexchange.com/categories/7/science Someday there might be 1,000,000 well-defined science/math questions, along with great answers. I would observe that modern emacs has menus so the getting started learning curve is no more difficult than Notepad. http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/tour/ The command short-cuts are on the menus, so as you get tired of reaching for the mouse you can begin to use them. A couple of good reasons to use emacs: 1. It runs on most platforms. 2. It's a gateway drug to Lisp. Emacs is really just a big Lisp interpreter. Boston, NYC, Philly, and Washington DC could all be commutable with existing technology. It'll probably take 25 years before we decide to build it. This went live in 2004: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shanghai_Maglev_Train How do you know it was an "accident?" He wants the entire company to think about integrating social into their products. He wants people to be thinking about how to accomplish this. Android, Chrome, Ads, Docs, etc. By the end of 2011, a lot of "social" is going to appear in places you didn't expect. Once you discover a handful of useful commands/features, you'll appreciate it more. These a few of my favorites: * Unlimited undo/redo - C-_ * Incremental search forwards/backwards - C-s/C-r * Macros - C-x ( C-x ) * Query-Replace: M-% * "Hippie" Expand - M-/ * M-x tetris -- Actually has an enjoyable game of Tetris. How about a no currency solution? I use credit cards for most transactions over $10. There should be a way to pay for small items with no transaction fee. Real cash will last much longer and payment lines will move quicker. I didn't say the solution had to be a credit card. There are a few options. I bet most people have cell phones. A quick Google says around 17 million people don't have a checking account. You could sell pre-paid cash cards too. This is a big ad for Microsoft Windows Mobile 7, which may gain traction in developed countries but the phone is too expensive for the developing world. This is not the $5 solution that is needed. Would be great if all those users upgraded their browsers to IE9, even if they've already switched to Chrome or Firefox. http://www.beautyoftheweb.com If they find they make more money than they expected, you'll see $50 off by Christmas. They're probably just testing the idea, and went with a safe discount. It's called leveraging your monopoly. 9 out 10 desktops still run Windows. That's a lot of control. As a company, Microsoft should leverage this right up to the point where they might run afoul of the EU or US govt. That's just good business. A lot of people don't seem to be making that same choice. According to the article, we're already talking about debt forgiveness. There won't be a correction in the system until consumers choose the affordable options. You don't need to spend $50k/year to get a great education. Shouldn't people sign up and put their answers on StackExchange? They have pretty good search built into it. Search: [haskell] mysql This will return all questions tagged haskell that mention mysql. I'd love a HN article search by title, comment, author, or my saved stories. I don't see a problem pointing out issues with Firefox. To me this is helpful compliance testing. I'm sure the Firefox guys will get on it and all browsers will approach "the standard." Mozilla should just thank Microsoft for finding the issue then fix it. We want one standard. Not a big deal. It'll be fixed before IE10 ships. It still creates buzz. The biggest problem is getting people to upgrade. IE6/IE7 can't die soon enough. People on XP who are stuck on IE8 might start feeling abandoned and switch to Chrome or Firefox. I'm guessing it is a US backed govt loan. It appears we are creating another bubble in this country where people will need a "bailout" from taxpayers. Huge unfunded public pensions, student loans, ... Roll the dice. Borrow another $100k and figure out how to bet against the next bubble. Personally, this sounds wrong on a few levels. Maybe we can be a little less forgiving and lower taxes on startups, for example. No taxes on the first $100k for 3 years. The "game" needs to be changed to reward people who create companies and jobs. I must say that is a pretty good troll. Not much I can say except don't feed the troll That wasn't Carmack's blog so how could he be trolling? His comment was extracted to troll places like HN. I was trying to head off a long debate from the post. It's always bad when people start writing garbage like this. Remember "DOW 20,000?" I'm glad Apple doesn't give stuff like this too much thought. It's a distraction for many people. I installed both Chrome and Firefox from their respective dev channels and they're on auto update. A few hundred thousand alpha testers could really help. Only runs on Windows 7. This might solve Microsoft's problem with people not upgrading from XP. Apple uses the open source browser Webkit, which runs on Linux and Windows too. Emacs is a Lisp interpreter. Expect even more interesting things to be built as performance is improved. I believe there is an effort under way to get Guile to process Elisp. Emacs could become the foundation for a lot more apps. According to Microsoft's stats, there actually aren't many people running IE6 in North America and Europe. http://ie6countdown.com Microsoft is trying to get sites involved with getting old IE users to upgrade. http://ie6countdown.com/join-us.html It might even be worthwhile for Microsoft to have a generic campaign where they encourage all users on a given platform to upgrade to the latest IE possible. XP to IE8, Vista and Win7 to IE9, and next year Win7 to IE10. Constantly reminding people they are running an older browser can only help. Can't congress discuss the US having the highest corporate taxes in the world, forcing companies to move jobs to offshore? How about giving tax breaks to make it cheaper to manufactur in the US? The current production version of Firefox 4 was released about a month ago and it's approaching 90 million downloads. http://glow.mozilla.com You are using old Firefox numbers. A lot has happened in the year since Firefox 3.6 was released. Paul is telling his side of the story. Who thought Bill Gates was a saint? He probably thought that he was working a lot harder than Paul the entire time. He was driven. When Paul got cancer, I imagine he realized there's a lot more to life than work, and started enjoying life even more. Microsoft was Bill's life. This probably happens in lots of successful startups. Some people slack off and want to enjoy life, while others are driven. What's the best way to handle it? In the end, it's great that we hear the real story, warts, and all. From his book: "It is faster to make a four-inch mirror and then a six-inch mirror than to make a six-inch mirror." This is one of my favorite programming quotes. I haven't seen it used much over the years. I'm in the dev channel for both Chrome and Firefox. Each updates automatically, and I take turns using both. Why do you need a compelling reason to use just one? Each has different plugins and both are improving at a rapid pace. This comes down to there is no one definitive answer. I've been very effective in coffee shops and in my dedicated space. The change is good and can help with creativity and energy. Sometimes I go to a coffee shop because I know that I'll be there for 2 or 3 hours and I'm motivated to getting something done in that time. Considering that you currently get 0%, that's not bad. If the cost is low enough and people could reduce they're electric bill by a small amount why not dual-purpose your windows? It might even pay for the upgrade over ten years. Wow, Ruby keeps making noise. It seems to have gone over the tipping point in the past couple of years, into general acceptance. I pay my $12/month. I used to keep my git repos on another server but it's less effort, easier to share, and easier to access from github. pg should create a field for github/repo in our profiles. Here's my acct: https://github.com/melling Needs IE7 and IE8. It would be great to see how far we've come. Needs 12 more people with 200 StackOverFlow points. This is a useful testing tool for anyone building web apps. It would be great if everyone on HN joined the Firefox and Chrome dev channels. I'm sure it would help with the aggressive release schedules. http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/channel/ http://dev.chromium.org/getting-involved/dev-channel He talks about The Bank of San Serrifee near the end. http://www-cs-faculty.stanford.edu/~uno/boss.html Knuth is too busy "getting to the bottom of things." http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Donald_Knuth Are you doing a deep dive or just tinkering with lots of things? Which one is the path to success? Next year China will have more high-speed rail than the rest of the world combined. The US really needs to built at least one route(200mph). It's really embarrassing that we could fall so far behind. D.C. to NYC in 1hr, with a 5 minute stop in Philly? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shanghai_Maglev_Train NYC to Boston: 220 miles NYC to Philly: 90 miles NYC to DC: 225 miles The busiest train route is the country is between Manhattan and Long Island. Every day a few hundred thousand people are shuttled in and out of the city on very low-speed rail. Put men on mars or launch hundreds of robots and satellites to survey the solar system? Which will produce more knowledge? Which will be more cost effective? In 100 years, which path will lead to more increased human space travel? Sending robots is agile space exploration. Release early, release often. We can lose a few robots and use more experimental technology quicker. Sending humans sounds cool but we shouldn't go until it's as safe as commercial aviation then we can do it frequently. Our appetite for failure was much higher then. It was acceptable to lose ships. We lost more test pilots trying to break the sound barrier than shuttle astronauts, for example. Any accident will set back the program by years. Also, we didn't have an option to send machines. A space shuttle explodes and it's forced into early retirement out of safety concerns. If a rocket carrying a satellite explodes, it's hardly newsworthy. The shuttle was suppose to fly every few weeks. It didn't come close. With the cost of rockets dropping, I would think that we can reach daily launches within 10-15 years. With the same amount of money, we'll develop commercial rockets and the necessary robotics. How many famous astronauts can you name? The first couple of people will get some fame. We will generate a lot more high-tech careers with the other path in both aerospace and robotics, which will also apply on earth. You don't think the Mars rovers inspired a few people to become engineers? The path that I am describing will create more astronauts in 100 years because the technology will advance quicker. We can experiment with new technologies and ideas. Your cell phone has more computing power than the Space Shuttle. Human space flight advances too slowly. We need to apply Moore's Law then insert humans after we're farther along the curve. Anyone have a Perl script to get all my saved stories, with URL, title, and date? I think everyone understands that robots aren't as capable has humans. The idea is to improve their usefulness. For example, the ability to mine planets and asteroids. The plan is to send people to Mars and do what tasks that a robot can't? Having people do mining on Mars, for example, will be very costly and dangerous. I think we all agree we eventually want humans in space. However, as I previously wrote, I believe there will be a lot more people traveling, perhaps living, on Mars in 100 years, if we use the "agile" method now. We went to the moon over 40 years ago. It only took two accidents to really slow the process down. Now the US' plan for human space flight is to pay someone else. Sorry to belabor this but if we go agile, things could change quite rapidly. Consider that within 10 years, we might be sending 52 private flights a year, containing robotic explorers, to various destinations in the solar system. One of them discovers valuable resources (e.g. gold, "precious metals", 1000 caret diamonds, etc). Now private industry has a reason to build a business in space. They need to get the resources back to earth. Private funding goes up exponentially for robotics, factories in space, and probably human space travel. VC money might even move from social to outer space. :-) I think for the hard sciences and engineering we should be creating more research jobs in the private industry for PhD's. We have no shortage of problems that need to be solved and discoveries to be made. Private industry needs to be incentivised to do more long-term R&D. High-speed rail: China: 5000 miles US: 0 miles There's only so much money. The US needs to build infrastructure, and other things that will grow its economy. LA to San Francisco is about 350 miles. That's a 90 minute train ride. Beijing to Shanghai is about 820 miles. This will take about 4 hours when the trains comes online in June, a year ahead of schedule. I was explaining how long it should take using high-speed rail. The person to which I was responding stated that the trip would be 4 hours instead of 7. High-speed rails go around 200mph, however the next gen Chinese will be around 230mph. You read it wrong. That's slowed by 30mph. I think the desired speed is now around 198mph, right? The 820 miles between Beijing and Shanghai has mountains, rivers, etc. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beijing–Shanghai_High-Speed_Rai... You forgot Spain. You might want to look at a map of Europe. I think your info is out of date. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-speed_rail The CEO shot an elephant for fun? I didn't think you could still do that. I might have to switch over that. I'm funding some guy's rich ego. Who are the lean and hungry companies in this space? Very few people actually use IE6 outside of China and South Korea. http://ie6countdown.com/ Don't you think it's time Nudge along the final few percent? I would think most WebGL apps would apply mainly to entertainment, which people will do at home. Home users can simply be directed to download a browser that supports WebGL. They are all free. Cool, let's double that and get them all running IE9. The web is in need of an upgrade. You can crowd source this by allowing people to rate the material. Sounds like a good idea for a startup. A "rottentomatoes.com" for self-published books? User rating and "pro" rating? This is nice but it probably belongs on a blog. It's not really HN content either. I think the success of HN is causing too many extra posts. We need a little more focus here. Create a Haskell, Clojure, or Scheme blog or site then it becomes a number one story. I get a headache just thinking about all the wasted effort in the open source community. There's already a world class open source kernel. It has 1% of the desktop market. Let's build another kernel? I listened to a Linux podcast for all of 3 episodes and all they did was rip on Apple and talk about how much better they were. I've used Open Office for years but it's nowhere as good as Office. Yes, there are some great projects but so much more could be done if people made a concerted effort. Now I'm running Chrome 13. Google lets you run the Canary build along with another version of Chrome, just in case you find yourself with a bad update. Firefox sorely needs this feature. Why when I was a kid, rich kids got Apple IIc's and us poor kids got a Commodore 64 and 1540 drive for around $300. Anyway, $499, which isn't that much, is today's price. iPads will drop in price and you'll get them used. At some point along will come great Android tablets for $299 (and probably iPads). Gotta start somewhere. Tablets are the next big thing. Soon they'll be a billion of them. Not really solid reasoning. The reality is that you can't prove either case. You could spend a lot of time trying to debate either side, but in the end it's probably just wasted effort. Pick a side, be happy, then get on with solving "easier" problems. NP vs P is still open. Look, I could care less which side you take, or why you take it. I'm simply saying that just because you don't see something doesn't mean it doesn't exist. Smarter people than you and me have taken different sides. I could easily make a case for either side. However, this is HN, and this discussion doesn't belong here. I understood him. There isn't any evidence for intelligent life anywhere else in the universe, but wouldn't you say that it's fair to say that it could exist? Furthermore, until we've searched every planet, would shouldn't rule it out. So, what can we conclude? There may or may not be intelligent somewhere else, and there exists no god such that...? In short, we have concluded nothing because as good scientists we know that we don't have enough information to conclude anything here. Back to HN stories? Probably not. I wouldn't simply discount something. For example, for a long time people assumed that black swans didn't exist. Hence the term "black swan event." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_swan_theory The world was flat for centuries. The earth was the center of the universe. The atom was indivisible. Nothing escapes a black hole. That's true, right? Nothing existed before the Big Bang? We pretty much knew everything about physics that we needed to know until Einstein came along. I would pretty much question everything. No one has ever claimed to have seen an all powerful rhinoceros or spent a few thousand years writing about it, etc. If I told you that aliens dropped off some DNA here a few million years ago, came back 40,000 years ago and told us some stories, would that be believable? Can we discount it? :-) People are using Racket Scheme. http://racket-lang.org/ Build a website. Instant gratification and you can always grow it into something big. We can't be more than a few years away from the iPad or iPhone becoming a full computer. Slide it next to a keyboard, mouse, and monitor and it transforms into a desktop. If Apple doesn't do it Android will. That sort of forces their hand? The app is free. You can download the issues for free if you get the dead-tree edition. Hopefully, we'll get a discounted iPad edition soon. In theory, and practice, you can build a site in anything with enough effort. Scheme, Scala, Go, Haskell, Clojure, etc. However, it's good to know that other big sites are using your preferred choice. A lot of usage usually indicates mature frameworks, larger user community, ability to Google common issues, find developers as you grow, etc. What was that YC site that initially used Lisp but switched to Python at the end because they couldn't get something to work? How much do they need to make? If they made an average of $1/user, would that make them profitable? Having more people download your software, or having additional vendors ship it on netbooks, etc., shouldn't increase your costs by much. There will be more hardware acceleration to come for CSS3. Gotta give Google, Apple, Mozilla, and Microsoft a high bar to shoot for. Someone should gather all these cool demos for browser "certification." Now if we could get every person educated and productive, we could solve tens of billions of problems. Unfortunately, most people are just trying to survive. Did Google overpay for YouTube? Won't it really come down to how the leverage the product and its hundreds of million users? These types are articles aren't really worth reading. They already do. http://www.asus.com/News/s3uOpCJHYLTl31xy/ Why is that bad? Everyone uses a browser. Now all we need is a popular web game to use as a benchmark. Someone answered that question in the old post too by saying that every 6 months doesn't hurt. People will stop upvoting if they think it's old news. Lots of stories get resubmitted on HN. The audience is probably growing. Lots of new people weren't here 250 days ago? Weighs 1.5lbs? Nope. I'll probably get one after I see the first few reviews. However, the tablet (iPad/Android) isn't replaced by one of these. It's a different device. The lightest one is almost twice as heavy. I think my iPad should lose another 1/2lb. Anyway, the tablet form factor with touch is still very appealing. Google should continue to aggressively pursue tablets with Android. Google updates their browser every 12 weeks, and they're making sure everyone upgrades. While IE9 is a nice upgrade, IE still lags behind the other modern browsers. Furthermore, to date they have no plans to support WebGL. Id gladly put Google in Microsoft's place. Having said that, we should be converging on open standards. The world will be a little better off with a decline of Microsoft. 90% desktop market share is too much. More diversity will be healthier. Chromebooks should take some market share. Microsoft can own 50-70% market share and still be very profitable. They might even be more innovative in other areas. The author has been writing about Linux for years. I can see why he's hopeful again. Chromebooks should make a dent in the Windows market, maybe grabbing 10%. Windows won't die, and it doesn't need to. Breaking the Windows desktop monopoly is all that matters. Consumers benefit when there is more choice in markets. Why specifically were they trying to screw Adobe? Google should create a turbo-charged version of Docs that requires Chrome, Firefox 4, or other sufficiently advanced browser. If Linux can boot in a browser, Google can make a much better spreadsheet for people on better browsers. Like Chrome, they can offer a different channel. It might even encourage people to install Firefox/Chrome. Can someone compare this to Sencha's product? http://www.sencha.com/products/animator/ It's built with open standards. I run the Canary build so I get an update every day. http://googlesystem.blogspot.com/2010/07/google-chrome-canar... It's impressive how stable the nightly has been. How close are the two rovers? A great follow up to the Google Lunar Challenge would be some sort of Mars Rover Challenge. Must make contact with Spirit then drive on to Viking, or some other human lander. The funny thing is that Apple has won big in the past decade but it really wasn't at the expense of Microsoft. Microsoft still dominates the desktop and with Office. Microsoft is very profitable but they have not really been able to grow as much as the could have. One idea would be to make some long haul roads, or sections of them, completely driverless. Maine to Miami along a section of I95, or NYC to LA. We could start the test with tractor trailers. Let them drive for a few years and tune the system. There would be a huge economic benefit to allowing trucks to run 24x7 without drivers. That's 80% of paid apps. With Chrome OS, Android, and iOS assaulting the Windows desktop monopoly, it's probably a foregone conclusion that "Post-PC" is going to hurt for Microsoft. If Microsoft doesn't do well with Win8 on tablets, it will get ugly. Please provide the code and set of data. If C++ is 100x faster than Python this might not always be the case. Down voted because people think Quicksort always wins in Python vs. a Bubble sort in C++? Wish I had time to find a case where that's not true. I'll point out that in the worst case, Quicksort is O(n^2). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sorting_algorithm#Quicksort Google really needs to turn up the heat with Docs. The spreadsheet, etc need to get a lot better if they want to steal market share from Microsoft. Office is hard to beat. Somewhere the sun is shining and the wind is blowing. I can guarantee that Google will have at least one data center somewhere will one of these two cases will hold true. Of course it doesn't need to be this way. Hopefully, they'll extend the 7 line to Jersey and continue adding subway lines. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/7_Subway_Extension The PATH is great but it doesn't do the job. The 7 Line could run all the way from the east side of Manhattan to Secaucus for one subway fare for starters. There needs to be more rail lines off the island. Looks like Google is on to something... There are almost 7 billion people on the planet. What is really sad is that most will never have the opportunity to contribute in any meaningful way. In reality we should be lamenting that we don't have 100 million more "brilliant" people working on the "important" problems. The video is in Chinese however it's impressive when the announcer places one empty water bottle on top of the other near the end while traveling at 150mph+. Pretty smooth ride. With the release, will they be doing automatic updates for 4.0 users? I think at least 100 million people still need to upgrade to 4? It'll be great having 300-400 million Firefox users upgrading every 2 months. The numbers are already out of date. Google just upgraded 160 million people to Chrome 12. Firefox will hopefully upgrade 200 million people to Firefox 5 this week. I've watch the numbers for the past couple of weeks and IE9 has caught IE7. The web could really get a bump if we just nudge the remaining legacy browser users to upgrade. Why anyone would run IE6 or IE7 is beyond me. It's the same release model as Chrome. Chrome doesn't go from 10.1 to 10.2 to 10.3... It's a time boxed release. 4-6 times a year you get an automatic upgrade and the version number is increased. They could have chosen the smaller increment like 10.01, 10.02, ... but then we would never have a major upgrade, and I think humans prefer the major upgrades numbers. In reality, it's just a number. They could have started with 3.14 and added the numbers of Pi, but that's already been done. Do you think they'll really drop IE8 once IE10 is released next year? Firefox 5 will be released tomorrow. FF 3.6 support will be discontinued? Actually, it would be great if Google could nudge everyone to keep upgrading. This includes Gmail. It really doesn't matter that it uses Flash. I think you're thinking in the wrong context. You should be applying this to your own startup or weekend project. Yesterday on HN, someone from FourSquare said they have 150k lines of Scala. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2679041 Is it safe to assume that would be 300k-450k if written in Java? I think you've got the reason people are afraid of flying wrong. People aren't afraid of dying in a bus crash, or on a train, even an automated one, like they are of flying. A car can't leave the station traveling west at 220 mph arriving at its destination in 30 minutes. Driverless cars will be great but we also need fast, efficient ways to move people too. I want mine to pick me up at the station when my train arrives. Since you also need a Mac to develop for iOS, they probably assume you have it. Can you download Safari for Windows to watch? So, you must have had IE6 or IE7? As much as I hate being forced to run any particular browser, one less machines running these old browsers is a good thing. Commercial high-speed rail is almost 50 years old. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shinkansen I really don't understand why the US hasn't built at least one route in that time. The problem doesn't get any easier to solve. 50 years ago there were less than 200 million Americans. Now there are over 300 million people. In other words, a lot more backyards. If we wait 20-30 more years? The places were it makes the most sense are exactly the densely populated areas of the North East and in California. People need to start thinking about what's best for the country instead of themselves. Someone want to do a test for Scala? Why can't I have it all? Why should this change? Microsoft has invested billions in Vista and Windows 7. It's time to upgrade. Supporting all the legacy costs Microsoft money that can be better spent on future enhancements. Could be a great way to get people to use Chrome. That great. I've got so many questions. Ouch! I got beat up over this. I still think it's funny. This man vs. machine appears on HN from time to time, and it probably will continue for another three decades. I've just gotta ask, are we really accomplishing anything here? No, I'm pretty sure Microsoft has been "evil" for a long time. We're talking 25+ years of non-stop "evil". :-) They destroyed Borland, WordPerfect, Lotus, Netscape, etc. They forced every PC maker to pay for Windows even if they didn't ship Windows on the hardware. They bought the Sybase source and made a cheaper SQL Server product, that essentially killed Sybase. They still have 90% of the desktop OS market, and their "Open Document Format", really isn't that open. Web browser innovation took almost a decade to recover, once they destroyed Netscape, and people still feel the need to support the very non-standard IE6. Recently they bought Nokia, essentially killing more choice in smartphones. Ok, get the idea? Great American capitalists that destroy all competition. :-) Anyway, even if Microsoft makes money from Android, having Android creates more choice. That's really what consumers need because it reduces costs and spurs innovation. In my opinion, Mono is simply a distraction for the open source community. It takes people away from Java or Scala, for example, and has them running in the weeds with Mono. Microsoft did a great job with C# and they've certainly moved much faster than the Java community. However, the Mono project won't get much enterprise support without a bigger company behind it, and I don't see how it's going to catch the JVM in performance without that support. In short, if you're not writing Windows GUI apps, you might as well use Java, or give Scala as shot. Why not go outside your comfort zone and give something else a try? How about a realistic one that developers could actually do? Take the Google approach and remind/nag everyone to upgrade their browser if it's more than 2 versions old. Doesn't show on my iPad. The second screen says he created the first Macintosh computer in his garage, which has to be wrong. The release number should just be the date. That way geeks can stop worrying about the number, and get back to work. Which one is faster? One of the goals of Chrome is to run on older hardware. Also, if you're sticking with XP for a while longer, you'll need to move to Firefox or Chrome, if you want a modern browser. The fastest browser for all those legacy XP machines is Chrome. Yeah, but $450 billion isn't really a lot of money. What's the yearly interest on the national debt? http://money.cnn.com/2011/02/08/news/economy/national_debt_i... Can you provide a link that shows the actual numbers? This link says the war is $1.3 trillion. The national debt is $14 trillion. http://costofwar.com/en/ These prizes are a cost effective way to get people and companies to solve difficult problems. The idea goes back hundreds of years. Take the Longitude Prize, as an example. It was won by a clock maker. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Harrison This is a duplicate of a popular story that is still on the front page of HN. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2795743 Lots of duplication lately. Is this a way to game karma? Simply repost a popular story. On a small tangent, does someone maintain a graveyard of software patents as they become invalidated? Since there are lots of duplicate patents, this might be helpful when people need to defend against patent trolls. Yes, HTML5 is coming fast, and I think we actually have Microsoft to thank because previously their lack of support was hindering adoption. However, they are making incredible strides in IE9 and IE10. http://html5test.com/results.html Now, if they would only adopt WebGL. Wasn't Angry Birds done in WebGL? That's not HTML5. Microsoft won't implement it in IE. And a desktop computer has quite a bit more power than an iPad. We've reach the "endless September". How can something that has been on the front page all day, and is still there, keep getting resubmitted. Read the front page for 20 minutes before submitting. Hmmm... Let us look a little closer at that map. 2% of the US uses IE6. The numbers in Europe are pretty low too. This doesn't make sense..oh wait... China and South Korea are skewing the numbers. They're not important for our site, it's ok to drop IE6 support. 2% of the US uses IE6. Explain that to your boss and ask if it's still necessary to support it. [Update] For Google Apps, Google no longer supports IE7. YouTube support for IE6 was dropped a year ago, and they make a lot of ad money from YouTube now. Opera has more market share. However, many sites don't support it. The iPad is already at 1% market share and should easily be at 2% within the next 12 months. It really depends on your target audience, of course, but which group of people would you guess has more extra cash to spend? I would target the iPad audience before the IE6 audience. Google dropped IE6 support for YouTube over a year ago. They are dropping Google Apps support for IE7 on Aug 1st (that's today for some people reading this). For search results it's probably more worthwhile and not as hard to support the IE's but for their other apps they say they are only supporting that two most recent browsers. Software quality, code analysis, etc @ around 55m. Should have a special title tag. Show HN YC: ... or something to that effect. I'd rather pay for NASA to complete the Webb Telescope or build another Big Science project. These are the first things they want to cut. The new CERN is a toy compared to what we could have built 20 years ago but Congress wouldn't fund it. If you pay down the debt, the other problems won't go away because we are spending a lot more than we're receiving in tax revenue. Now if only they would release the next service pack and make IE9 the default browser. Any time to address the endless number of reposts and the increase in volume of submissions? Yeah, it would be an opportunity for Google to nudge people off of legacy browsers. Some sort of message like "These games run best in Chrome, Firefox, and IE9" Better to offer the carrot than the stick. Well, as someone who only uses Windows when he has to, I'd say IE10 being the default browser is pretty exciting. Win7 ships with IE8 so people may or may not upgrade. With IE10, it's "HTML5" in full force. http://html5test.com/results.html I think you're running an old version of Firefox. :-) IE10 isn't even close to done. At any rate, see the huge jump in HTML5 compatibility? IE raising the bar so much is a big win. In many corporations, IE is the only browser that people care about. Becoming more compliant means it's easier for developers to write "standard" web apps. Someone should create a database of all similar patents that are granted so it's easier to prove that other patents are invalid because they are equivalent to the ones found to be invalid, essentially disarming them. In America people shouldn't be able to get rich selling education? I guess we're ok with movie stars, athletes, and rock stars making crazy money but it just doesn't seem right that educators can make their fortune? Maybe we should encourage them to move into finance if they really want to make lots of money?