I disagree. It's not a straw man at all. Your assume that A) big things can only ever get done by companies. B)A CEO 'owns' a company's assets. I'll give credit to him for creating and acquiring funding for the organization. I'll give him credit for publicizing his vision. Each and every rocket/car however, was massively subsidized by taxpayer dollars, and made feasible by hundreds of people WORKING TOWARD A COMMON GOAL. The practice of abstracting away hundreds to thousands of people's hard work and financial support, involuntary or not, is disingenuous at best and downright dishonest at worst. Abstraction is evil. Abstraction is what turns "people" into "human resources". And before the inevitable "That's not practical!" or "That's unreasonable!": It really isn't. Most people have just gotten so used to credit for their own work being sacrificed to someone else that nobody points out how incredibly screwed up the practice is. I'm sorry, but you won't get that. That isn't how computer's work. There is no magical "understanding" available through a computer to tell you WHY an error occurred. It is a computing device. It can tell you THAT a problem occurred, and WHAT it was doing at the time. With a debugger, you are free to ask the WHAT question at many points within the program to figure out WHERE the problem is coming from. But the answer to WHY can only be divined by you. Mom had a saying she was fond of: "You must be at least 10% smarter than the piece of equipment." Computers are not smart. They are dumb things that are exceedingly trainable at doing very dumb, repetitive things very quickly. Layer on a bunch of layers of dumb stuff and finding the spot where someone derped becomes very difdicult, very quickly. And what if you don't? When did programming suddenly shift away from "the programmer should be aware of what they are doing?" Hell, I can't count the number of times I've had to troubleshoot bad imports/classpath management brought about by some genius letting his IDE do his thinking for him. Don't know why parent was downvoted... If one can't make the connection between Turing completeness/automata theory and Neuro-cognititive function...think more. I think the question you seem to be asking flippantly deserves more thought than you are giving it. Even if memories are structural, network theory tells us that all parts of a network are not necessarily visible or accessible from all points at all times. The "You" making an executive decision could only be seeing a subset of your entire memory structure. This difficulty can be even more clearly expressed by looking at the how neural networks even work. It's not just structure that determines output. It's a combination of structure and sigmoid function, spread out over time as results of previous computations fine tune the network. You'd have the hardware to run your person on, but you'd have no information on the full informational state stored by which circuits are firing, which are building up to fire, and how fast each one is building up. Even if you did, you'd lack a "reboot" harness capable of generating that state on demand across the entire brain that could both physically share the same space the brain is occupying AND not interfere with the mechanisms by which it operates. What you haven't realized is that your conception of identity has been fine tuned since birth through your use of language to represent "You". Whatever woke up after the theoretical reboot would NOT be the "You" that went into it. It would be "You" to itself. Little more, little less. If you sit down and think it through, you should be able to realize that even if you could build something to do this theoretically, practically implementing it would be a fool's errand courtesy of physics. Namely sensitive dependence on initial conditions, and the Pauli Exclusion Principle. Nevermind the Engineering considerations. How do you measure a successful reboot? What is your error tolerance? Or the sociological/ethical implications. Can the environment/society support you? Could you adapt? Would you even be able to assimilate? Would you bring some sort of toxic ethic or moral taint that the society has considered taboo? Hell, we have kids based on a natural drive endemic to our biology. Now you're talking about placing on our descendants the literal decision of "Should we let this one exist to influence us?" Have you ever noticed that no one ever brings up a company being private until they do something that outrages the public? Well... This is one reason why tech literacy is so critically important. As long as it's a privileged few in the grand scheme of things who can add things to the Internet, it makes it that much easier to control. It's why many countries are so fond of regulating manufacturing. When you strip access to the means of production from the everyman and lock it behind regulatory barriers, it's far easier to control what can and can't be done. Not a pitch for any ideology. Merely an observation. Very insightful. I think this bears additional emphasis. I think you hit the nail on the head. As a society, we've relied on people making shallow surface level laws to correct deep, tangled problems for too long. Our system of laws is in dire need of a good pruning back and rearchitecting. IANAL, but I have been doing legal research for a while now, and when I'm reading law, it is very clear to me at least that when you start looking at law as something systematic, you run into diagrams that would make any system architect have a heart attack. The structures I end up at show a lack of "feed-forward" thinking in their implementations. Namely being structured with little or no thought to consequence, or guidance for interpretation or application built in. For the non-techies who may not be able to understand my comment, imagine implementing something complex like an internal combustion engine, but never writing a manual or communicating it's specifications. That's what I'm getting at. And yes, I'm aware that the legislature specifies executive branch entities to do the administrative law elucidation. However, there are far fewer release valves for bad law in those cases or means for changing overly restrictive guidance. Entities are given carte blanche to pass unchallengable "iron fist" level directives that have no recourse EXCEPT an already over-taxed legislature. It's interesting that you mention that. I have Blue Cross, and I've been dealing with seemingly procedural denials every month for a chronic condition. It's getting to the point where I'm genuinely thinking there is some bad faith activity going on. Just stop, please. The point of journeyman in connection to a trade is as a point on a scale of relative skill and has no meaning in the place of determing the accidental characteristics of the wielder of the title EXCEPT relative competency in the trade. "Man" has been a catch all for human practitioner when who the practitioner is isn't essential to the context. The title of journeyman elevates whomever bears it in the eyes of a trade. It grants equivalence no matter whom it is applied to. If you wish to call yourself a journeywoman, do so. Don't be surprised when the rest of the trade still refers to you as a journeyman. Tools don't care who wields them. And finished works' quality depends only on skill. Not gender. Hate to see of what your views on Bachelor's Degrees are. Nailed it! So... I find this... Odd. So, online marketing seems to be trying to toggle desired functionality out of large audiences. Why does no thought ever seem to go into the opportunity cost of redirected thought? For instance... Most programmers are quite familiar with the phenomena wherein one is interrupted, thus losing track of a sizable mental context that has to be painstakingly rebuilt. Marketing and advertising seems to be BUILT on exploiting this type of interaction though. "Hey! I know you're busy working on that report, but how about a Coke?" Now, as a society, we've accepted small amounts of this over time as in many cases, it hasn't seemed that disruptive. Yet as mass-media has evolved, it is becoming increasingly difficult to tell what is the first class citizen anymore. The "important/desired" content, or the ads. As more and more opportunities are created for injecting advertising, we're seeing a society that seems steered in a direction where our interactions are being increasingly guided by our reaction to media in the environment rather than by the environment itself. Other human "agencies" (translation: businesses) are attempting to replace "human agency" (translation: self-inspired decision making capability predicated upon personal experience) itself as the primary means through which one achieves "a comfortable existence" (translation: living a fulfilling and virtuous life; living a high Quality existence; achieving self-actualization). This article paints a picture of one scenario where this type of externalized agency becomes increasingly problematic. The American Legislature was DESIGNED to be inefficient. This is easy to see when one takes preservation of liberty as a starting point, and then defines the act of legislation as the process by which liberty's definition is refined and bound in order to preserve the societal superstructure of a state while facilitating the state's capacity for action and need to evolve over time. When you apply a highly efficient system for spreading one individual's viewpoint in an emotionally galvanizing way, one detracts from the built in inefficiency of the legislative process, enabling faster implementation of more restriction, but less efficient removal of restriction due to a natural bias against "rocking the boat" endemic to a large portion of the population. I guess for me, this raises a couple big questions. A)Should the output of a legislature be governed by the fact 1000000 people listened to one guy's five minute blurb and regurgitated it to a representative, or should it be because a representative granted a staff with higher access to information has had the time to work through the issue to figure out the least restrictive way to implement a law? B) Should marketing/advertisement be looked at more carefully, and possibly regulated or downgraded to a less protected form of speech due to how easily it can be weaponized? (I.e. Advertising material being restricted in the types of claims it can make such as having to be backed by factual publicly accessible data; Or being restricted in forms and situations in which it can be employed/consumed) C) Is marketing/advertising in its current digital forms even desirable? I'm somewhat disturbed that some of these questions are even seemingly in need of being asked, but the last decade or two is really quite disturbing when looked at through the lens of an individual living in a world just coming into an age of digital marketing and information warfare. Sorry for the wall of text, but this has been bugging me a lot lately. You can't look at it that way. I mean, while that IS a valid approach, you have to also keep in mind that the more you can "go without", the better the position you are in to improve your life. To change requires you not to be running at 100% all the time. You have to find a way to save some oomph for lateral growth when the way up seems to be blocked. Without that oomph, you'll never get out of where you are. Stop quoting that case. That was SCOTUS upholding the right of the government to clamp down on speech that encouraged draft dodging or could even be marginally interpreted as disagreeing with it during wartime. https://www.popehat.com/2012/09/19/three-generations-of-a-ha... It ain't Dred Scott dumb, but it's up there in stupidity and retarded law. Well regulated doesn't mean the feds get to control the details of what the militia can use either. The militia is every able-bodied 18-47 year old. The regulated part implies a command structure which the National Guard provides. So... you know, it occurs to me that none of this would be a problem if people understood two things: A) Computers are tools designed to do whatever the user tells them to do. B) The original architecture of the Internet assumed a network connecting implicitly trusted users Stop trying to mess up a perfectly good tool by making it nigh impossible to work with, and redesign a networking/computing infrastructure that doesn't implicitly trust all users as a fundamental assumption. This type of thing is getting completely out of hand. If you want security SO badly you are willing to sacrifice billions of potential users freedoms to use their hardware as they see fit, coming up with a second "SECTERNET" architecture should be a price you're willing to pay right? This pattern of trying to lock a user out of any tier of control of their own machine reeks of the continuing attempts by companies to deprive users of the privilege of ownership. I realize it may be difficult to see for some, but this is a literal case of the road to Hell being paved with good intentions. People don't need to be "protected" by building their volition out of the system. How about "information submitted by a person to a third party is still considered private"? The disingenuous loophole the government is so fond of whereby you sharing information with a third party suddenly negates ALL expectation of privacy and 4th Amendment protections is a farce. Signing up for Facebook should not be a "first sale" of your personal information or right to privacy. Of course, no tech company that has ridden the free ride of harvesting personal data would be on board with ANYTHING like that. They can keep their IP and algorithms if they want, but if I don't consent to the fruits of my existence being fed through them, then that is where it needs to stop. No company should feel safe with involuntarily increasing a user's digital footprint. Period. That covers not asking to and being explicitly told not to. A person has an inalienable right to maintain final authority over their digital presence. The only exception that makes sense to me is for the press. Though I haven't thought that implication through completely yet. The problem is, given a neural network, the decided course of action IS at 100% confidence. Unless you design the network to specifically answer "how similar is this?" and pair it with a training set and the output of another executing neural net, a "confidence meter" isn't possible. This is one of the trickier bits to wrap one's mind around with neural networks. The systems we train for specialized tasks have no concept of 'confidence' or being wrong. There is no meta-awareness that judges how well a task is being performed in real-time outside of the training environment. Humans don't suffer from this issue (as much) due to the mind bogglingly large and complex neural nets we have to deal with the world. Every time you set yourself to practicing a task, you are putting a previously trained neural network through further training and evolution. You can recognize when you are doing it because the process of doing so takes conscious effort. You are not 'just doing ', you are 'doing , and comparing your performance against an ideation or metric of how you WANT to be performed'. This process is basically your pre-frontal cortex and occipital lobe for instance, tuning your hippocampus, sensory and motor cortex to perfect the perfect tennis swing. When we train visual neural networks, we're talking levels of intelligence supplied by the occipital lobe , hippocampus, alone. Imagine every time you hear about a neural net that a human was lobotomized until they could perform ONLY that task with any reliability. Kinda changes the comfort level with letting one of these take the wheel doesn't it? Neural nets are REALLY neat. Don't get me wrong. I love them. Unfortunately, the real world is also INCREDIBLY hard to safely operate in. Many little things that humans 'just do' are the results of our own brains 'hacking' together older neural nets with a higher level one. Because money is a finite resource, is only useful when it moves, and when only a few people hold the majority of the purse strings, they gain an inordinate say in what problems get enough funding thrown at them to be solved either through active favoritism or passive inaction? Please, we all know someone is going to make the argument you just did. It is the lowest effort, most intellectually shallow argument you can start with. In fact, it's a thinly veiled ad hominem if you think it through long enough as it boils down to "Poor people are poor because they suck." In the United States, we hold it to be self-evident that all men are created equal. Period. When inequality of some form becomes so ingrained in our society so as to become everyday and even praised, it is only natural for a culture that holds equality amongst people as a core characteristic to wonder if something may be a bit off about the system. To answer your question... Why should someone who acts as an executive be worth so much more than the carpenter or operator in the eyes of their fellow men? Businesses are social structures, nominally intended to benefit society (often redefined as shareholders for the hard core capitalists out there) as a whole. Yet... We see that executives and C levels get an exaggerated share of the value produced by the structure. "But they have business savvy!" I imagine someone would retort. Doesn't justify the compensation disparity. They just got an MBA and learned about how to structure a business while the carpenter was learning to woodwork. A business for business sake without professionals capable of understanding and executing the craft or service at hand is meaningless. "No one would accept the responsibility without that level of compensation! It's too straining!" Another may retort. That sounds a bit disingenuous to me. Is it mentally straining? Of course. Not so much so that orders of magnitude difference should justifiably exist between the average worker and the top of the pyramid. Nominally, everyone should have an equal chance to start a successful business. Realistically, the later you come to the game, the more the cards are stacked against you, and in favor of everyone who is already there. I would like to see society move in a direction where there wasn't so much incentive to "get money at all costs", but rather to solve pressing issues that are having a clear and present deleterious effect on society. The inability of many mundane laborers to be able to keep up with the market is one sych issue. Nay, sir. Just because there exists a multi-million dollar over a lifetime treatment regime doesn't mean that it is okay to suddenly "own" an equivalent chunk of cash from everyone cured. We invent treatments because we CAN'T find a cure. The treatment represents society's best effort to alleviate suffering. We solve problems so that we don't have to suffer them as a society/species anymore. Businesses exist until we figure out a way to live without them. Profit should never be the end all justification for doing something. You were probably downvoted for taking the position that you are the judge of what other people need, but besides that error, I think you bring up an interesting point. It is an uncomfortable truth that we have yet to really contemplate as a society. Consumerism ISN'T sustainable, and society will grow to a point where we are going to see seemingly fundamental systems start to crumble beneath the sheer weight of consumption. We have to be willing to ask "should we?" in addition to "can we?" Uh huh... I'm guessing you aren't a fan of the 2nd Amendment then? Not trying to derail things, but assuming the State MUST have a MONOPOLY on violence is a terrible idea. We give the government the leeway we do, because it is the best way to provide for the common defense of the nation. NOT because ONLY the State should have violence open to it as an option. Anyway... Back to healthcare... The type of structure that made the military industrial complex problematic was specifically that the industrial part was doing everything they could via lobbying/bribery to maximize profit. A shift to a model where we attempt to minimize waste, and maximize effective treatment/cures turns the quality equation on it's head. You still run into the issue where riskier grants that 'may work' are going to have a harder case to make in order to be issued, but I think that once one gets away from trying to build industrial supply chains predominantly for treatments that don't result in cure, you would start to see materials and expertise to get industrial supply chains built period may become more easily accessible if not perhaps become much cheaper. You mean, like leaking classified information? It's valid. To say something is "designed" for something can mean that it has a certain characteristic as facilitates its primary function. No need to have the annoying question of a designer attached. No. They aren't. They may make decisions that impact millions of people, but they aren't a government. They may 'govern' the technical details of their implementations... But they are not governments. They have no sovereignty, no expectation to the rights thereof. They do not answer to everyone that their decisions affect. They are social constructs that happen to shuffle around information, own assets, and generate revenue. It is CRITICAL that no one makes the mistake that these businesses are anything more than the path of least innovation to solving problems. The tech industry has a major hubris problem. They don't need people mistaking them for legitimate governments to make it even worse. Every person needs to understand that no software product is really a big thing. The reason they SEEM big is the sheer data magnitudes involved. Most of which the layman has no real concept of. The problem is the average adult doesn't get educated in the ways of contract law. In fact, I think this is a symptom of the fact that attorneys and legal practitioners are a "protected" class with a relatively high barrier to entry to basic education in their field. While everyone has the "freedom" to learn on their own time, it seems disingenuous to be able to legally bind people who honestly have no clue what they are agreeing to. Also, from the tech perspective, UX demands that "onboarding" to a product be as minimally difficult as possible. Tech will ALWAYS give you the option to skip reading the EULA, and T&C because otherwise, most people would look at the terms being laid out and just say "Screw that noise." You have a fundamental asymmetry which will be ruthlessly exploited. If not by the legalese and banking on the user not understanding, then by the company just glossing over how skewed in their favor the terms are and rushing the user past the ugly bits to the custom designed addictive parts. This is one thing that still amazes me to this day. It's like doctor's stop thinking after they get their degree. Whenever I've visited a doc within the past few years I have noticed that instead of actually getting to know someone as a patient, many act as if they are a quick reference book. This is especially horrifying when you consider that there is a non-trivial portion of the population that exist outside of the medical literature. Every one of the best Doctors I've ever had has ALWAYS been a researcher at heart. They observe, take notes, treat what they can now, and come back later and can clue me in on the latest research they've come across. Nowadays, I'm usually making Doctors aware of advancements in their field... Scary stuff. >I don't find that to be too surprising. I can be hyper-aware of my own ailments, but keeping up with an entire field is more difficult. I do not find the above to be sufficient justification to practice in ANY field without trying to stay aware of the state-of-the-art. Yes, in medicine in particular, there is a justifiable bias toward applying more conservative treatments first. "Hear hoof beats, think horse first, not Zebra," is the axiom I believe is most frequently ground into new physicians. The problem comes in when a physician becomes so conditioned to conservative treatments working that they become blind to the extremes. Running with the Zebra analogy, just because you hear hoof beats, you see a horse-like silhouette, and in this lighting you can't tell the color, does not mean you should IGNORE the possibility of Zebra. As a practicing physician, you are DEPENDED upon to be the layman's gateway to the entirety of the collective medical knowledge base we've been able to accrue, verify, and are in the process of verifying. You owe it to your patients, just as an Engineer owes it to the public, to become as well acquainted with the medical literature as it pertains to them as possible. I may be being a bit normative here, but an M.D. should be seen as a commitment to spending your life on the pursuit of the means by which to provide the highest quality of care for your body of patients. That at times means being ready to help the a patient access and navigate the less charted waters of the state-of-the-art if necessary. I agree completely that state-of-the-art should not be the first hammer pulled from the toolbox, but one should not actively avoid it either. At the end of the day, data doesn't get generated out of thin air, and if the patient understands and accepts the risks after you have provided them the best guidance you can, you have done all that can be expected of you, have you not? Alright, I'll concede that one. I admit, things become a lot simpler once you limit your scope to issues immediately relevant to you as a patient. However, I do still believe that when made aware of something new from a patient, a good physician should actively tackle the topic if only to be able to give a realistic assessment of where it falls on the risk/outcome spectrum. NOTE: This may be assuming an above average level of patient investment. I in no way condone of wasting a physician's time having them wade through quackery. Nobody has time for that. I'm kind of interested in an answer to this as well. I know the typical "travel site" or "comparison shop" use case. There is also the "darn it, I want this" use case. However, automated, periodic web scraping that mutates (I.e. ticket or reservation grabbing bots) has always felt a bit squicky to me in the same way DNS squatting does. Code isn't going anywhere. As long as computational operations exist, there will need to be a language to represent those operations. As long as that exists, there will be more languages to streamline that, and so on and so forth. Computers are not magic. They do not think. Even if they did, they would be constrained by the same fundamental linguistic bottlenecks that we human beings are. To illustrate this point: I will concede that no code solutions are possible when every human being achieves Buddhist Enlightenment. This would be the human equivalent of a no code solution. No one communicating, or orchestrating external experiences to create an epiphany. Just an internal realignment of values. Another illustration: Convince all of your neighbors to agree with you without communicating to them in any way. Coding is a fundamental axiom of information transfer. If you aren't doing it in some fashion, you aren't DOING anything. If you are doing it, then you are constrained by your encoding scheme. The thing that trips up most users is that they aren't consciously aware of their own encoding schemas, and are typically resistant to adopting someone else's. In the article's case, they are asserting that "visual" programming is not code. Which is dead wrong. It just means the new code is your visual motif or paradigm. (E.g. A box means X, a line means Y.) Underlying that visual implementation is...nothing else but more code! You will never compute without code. You will never COMMUNICATE without code. This entire article is just a visual representation of a complete vacuum of common sense. Note the irony: My response is an example of resistance to adopting the author's encoding scheme. It is likely that his point is not communicable to me in its current phrasing because we have fundamentally different experiences and knowledge structures that get decoded from the same visual representation (the article). Or it is being clearly communicated, and it's just BS. (E.g. when I see the phrase "no-code solution", it translates to me as a hypothetical solution that doesn't require communication of information according to a fixed set of schemas to orchestrate desired computing behavior. This is dead on arrival. If we are communicating, coding happens. Either the author is mistaken, or I am. The only way to know for sure is for he and I to COMMUNICATE, establish a common coding schema between us, a "common sense" if you will, and to clear things up so we can both confidently say that we are saying the same thing about the same thing. TL;DR: No-code happens when world peace does. So... Could you explain this a bit more? I know the Senate was intended to be a "braking" force on the House, but I have trouble making the mental leap whereby direct election of Senators is a bad thing? As a representative of the State, the Senator is therefore also a representative of the people, no? Historically speaking, I understand that the State level Senate selecting a representative would basically guarantee that you got a sort of "Man of the State" who one would assume would have a high degree of familiarity with the interests of the State as a whole, but is it a foregone conclusion that direct election doesn't achieve the same goal? It seems somewhat worrisome to consolidate that power in a small group. Then again, I can see the argument that acting representatives would probably have the best feel for who could most fully represent the State as a whole. So you're saying that allowing direct election of Senators in a State shifts the likelihood of getting a National Representative for a State that is unduly favored toward the State's urban population centers rather than looking out for both the low and high density centers equally? Whereas if the State Senate was still responsible for nominating Senators, equal representation across the State would be achieved? Or am I still being dense? Availability of the class != assurance that every citizen has taken it and passed. Furthermore, most tech companies don't even engage or give the opportunity to engage in the "negotiation" part of the contract forming process.A EULA or ToS document isn't a meeting of equals. It's a salesman rushing you down the hall telling you to sign, sign, SIGN! In fact, if nothing else, technology has provided one of the finest examples of a cautionary tale with regards to a "delegatory" legal profession (a profession where legal literacy is contained to a specialized sub-population and where literacy of the full population in the intricacies of the legal system cannot be assumed). I'd be interested in seeing a chart of user accounts of major software platforms or providers at time of ToC/EULA change in order to run the numbers to prove it, but I have a hunch that due to arbitrary/periodic ToC/EULA changes, there is a possibility that the tech industry has generated more legal contracts that no user has bothered to read or understand than the entire legal profession has honestly brokered (I.e. ensured informed consent between both parties) in its entire recorded history. Caveat emptor be damned. There is something fundamentally wrong with a system that could manage something like that. Never mind this is a legal land mine waiting to happen. Get sued, must preserve all documentation...Woops. Google just deleted it. Sorry! Enjoy the obstruction and destruction of evidence charges. I want to tell you not to waste your breath. Frankly, no one wants to talk about chronic ailments. ADHD (the so-called fake disease) for example. Nevermind that they are a real part of why premiums are likely as high as they are. Nevermind that it is essentially a life-long tax for the patient. Nevermind that the law deprives those who suffer from a case for which narcotic therapies work and CBT doesn't into profit slaves to drug manufacturer's and their 'attending' prescription writer. They have a solution to the problem (that generally works out better for the supply chain than the patient)! How dare you suggest it isn't the best approach! What are you, some communist? /s But alas, if we don't say it no one will listen. So... As the parent said... "If it worked like normal insurance, people with chronic illnesses would still go bankrupt." That is by no means the case. It just takes a good number of people getting together and settling on a set of standards. The beauty of the general purpose computing device is it can support any and all at will. Until people start thinking that "it's better to just let the big companies lock down hardware, then everything will just work!", which leads to hardware impls or subsystems like UEFI that actively fight to deprive the User of their rights to total control of their tool. No thanks. My machine. My code, my rules, and my data. No one else's. i'll accept the onus of learning how to secure and safely use it. Convenience isn't worth the sacrifice of freedom. I'm calling this a bad test in general. Let's be honest here. None of the more cutting edge attacks are going to be risked by attacking. as hard a target as this guy. The level of sophistication of attack the author is starting to reach is going to be reserved for state-level persons-of-interest. Espionage is a game of judging capabilities, and cracking some security researcher's laptop telegraphs to the rest of the world that you can. As a national actor you don't actually WANT to flex your spy muscles in obvious ways unless the payoff is JUST THAT CRITICAL. It removes the veil of the unknown, and gives potential adversaries/persons-of-interest that much better a chance of successfully applying tradecraft to hide what you actually want to monitor because they have more accurate knowledge of what your capabilities are. Contrary to popular belief, most organiztions capable of pulling an evil maid attack simply won't because of the revelation of capability already mentioned, and the PRISM problem. Too much information/access in general lends itself to becoming useless due to the difficulty of separating the tasty bits from the mundane. Kudos to the guy for actually trying the experiment, but it doesn't really tell anyone anything we didn't already know 20 years ago. Computers are inherently insecure. Every form of "security" is insecure at some point. Computers haven't changed anything except for making a person's computer a juicy target to get some juicy financial information/passwords for non-state actors, or making surveillance potentialities so much more horrifying on account of the ubiquity of networked cameras, sensors, and microphones on the ground waiting to be exploited. Forget about laptop evil maid attacks. Start thinking about the ticking time bomb of 'poisoned' hardware rife with 'tailored access' whereby state actors can push a button and have every device with a camera/microphone within a certain set of GPS coordinates start silently acting as an input sensor. Combine that data stream with the right neural networks, and you'll see a world that no one in their right mind wants, but is well within our manufacturing capabilities to create. Or stop worrying, go outside, and make a friend. It's way better for your mental health. This type of thing is my number one objection to Certificate Authorities. In fact, it's my objection to computation illiteracy being acceptable in general amongst users. Devs and agencies cannot be trusted not to screw with things. If the average Joe cannot understand what is going on behind the curtains, they aren't free. Freedom is a scary thing to many groups, and unfortunately, more and more we are seeing the pendulum swing further and further away from the Internet's original intent: to facilitate the fast and open communication of information. I want to say free and open, but unfortunately I have trouble being able to maintain that level of idealism anymore. That's a bit disingenuous. Not all rewards need be monetary or zero-sum. Also, one does not reward someone to provide a benefit to oneself. THAT is thinking that creates the greatest inequality in our system if you ask me. Oh, let me pay this employee... but wait! That money goes right into a retirement account, that invests in an index fund, that supports me and my business partners... A reward is something given at a COST to another in recognition of their accomplishment. You give it without thought of a return, because what they have done is made your life better. The fact no one in economics wants to think through the money trail thoroughly doesn't change that the corporation is no longer a provider of services as it's primary goal... It is an enricher of the few who jump on the equity train. Not what I'm suggesting. More what I am suggesting is that we REALLY need to get away from teaching software products, and start teaching how to use computers. Example: Teaching fundamental abstractions before basing education on one set or another. Teaching fundamental program sets/basics of toolchains (Think scripts, text editors, and intro to program compilation.) Teaching fundamental protocols. Teaching about infrastructure. Teaching how to do X in Windows/Mac/Linux. IN THAT ORDER. Notice that that curriculum, while it would likely have to choose one OS or another based on circumstances, focuses on what you can DO with a computer, and lays a foundation through which the neophyte user can begin to understand what a computer and the NET really are. The NET isn't a pretty screen. It isn't one company's search engine, it's the means by which info goes from HERE to THERE. A computer isn't some mere calculator. It is an extension of our minds (and should be civically treated as such, but that's another post). I can die happy if within my lifetime, my occupation in the tech industry becomes "unskilled" labor. For I will have contributed to finding a way to elevate mankind to a me level. To answer both of your points, fast was implied by virtue of it being a communication network. The open part can be pedantically removed in the case of ARPAnet, but I've not met anyone who confuses the Internet with ARPAnet. The Internet, as it came to be called in the 90's with the rise of the World Wide Web, WAS at it's core 'open'. Pretty much everyone I've met who was around and working on the ARPAnet saw it as a foregone conclusion it (a network based on the lessons learned through ARPAnet) would be going public in one way or another. ...So you'd try to solve the same problem with a different sticker to score quick cash? I'd like you to read this and contemplate. http://www.catb.org/esr/writings/unix-koans/ten-thousand.htm... If you didn't bother reading and contemplating, here's the gist: There is no wolf to fear. We are all finite beings with finite time and resources. You 'stealing' his hypothetical business model doesn't really accomplish anything except tie up your resources retracing his steps. You would be the fool reimplementing the pipe. Now if you are the type of person who reduces life down to only pursuing the almighty dollar rather than trying to solve difficult extant problems... Well... Maybe that would be worth it to you. Even then though, he has already captured his audience, and he'll likely have a reputation advantage over your copy. Anywho. Food for thought. You are on the right track. Snail mail, letters, and correspondences were first class citizens in terms of things like protection by the Fourth Amendment. The postal service (at least as far as I am aware), is one of the few Third parties you can share that type of sensitive information with and have it by the letter of the law still be protected by an expectation of privacy. (If there is a lawyer in the house who could let us know otherwise, that would be awesome). The Supreme Court, however, has been reticent to apply any interpretive oomph to the idea that electronic message sending represents the same type of "private correspondence" that a snail mail letter represents. In fact, if anything it has generally leaned in the opposite direction. The SC has ruled that sharing personal or private information with a third party thereby nullifies your expectation of privacy and protection of your information by due process. This happened in the early days of telephony I think. "But that is only from the Government's point of view!", I hear from the gallery... Yes... Unfortunately it does set a societal precedent through the institution, however. I mean, if as an arbitrary business, I can hand your information to the government and they can make use of it, then surely I am free to share data I have about you with other people\businesses? Once that becomes legally acceptable, and people are willing to pay me for as much info as I can give, suddenly the economic incentive is to collect and sell as much information as possible. Note that this isn't a tech problem, but a social one. As long as we don't take a stand by making law to cover the issues of electronic activity being considered "protected correspondence" with a reasonable expectation of privacy, we will continue to see these blatant invasions into our personal affairs by business and government alike. The thing that will hold back that lawmaking though is that there are some VERY deep pockets that would see incredibly vast revenue streams dry up by passing something like that. One could see places like Alphabet, Microsoft, Facebook, and the other Silicon Valley darlings doing everything in their power to convince both the government and the populace that doing something like that would be a terrible idea. And they would be right to a degree. Many "free" services would have to switch to to a subscription model or something similar, and it could mean major cutbacks for many tech companies that haven't matured enough to diversify away from an ad supported business model. I can't speak for anyone else, but to me, that is a small price to pay to establish a right to the privacy of the exercise of our wills in the electronic realm. Thinking in the Internet age is truly an inspiring thing to behold. However, the Net that enables this capacity for collective thought is just a tool. We will get out of the Net what we as people put into it. To me, the Net has always been about empowering and uplifting every person by putting the collective knowledge and wisdom of humanity at each person's fingertips before anything else. One should always come away from the Net having found something, but at the same time, one has the right to use the Net and not have anything TAKEN. A "Right to Lurk" as it were. If I had to choose something as the basis for a new Constitutional Amendment, it would be something that would explicitly codify the expansion of the legal "expectation of privacy" to encompass all electronic forms of communication, commerce, and assembly; protecting the aforementioned from search and seizure by the government without due process. It wouldn't do anything for SciHub sadly, but it would be a step back in the right direction in terms of curbing some of the more demonstrably harmful ills the Net has facilitated in our society. P.S. Sorry for the mind dump. It felt great. If you are still reading, you're awesome. I'm not familiar with these types of calls, but might it be possible he's trying to avoid getting into the nasty bits in front of all of the investors collectively in the hopes of swinging back around and dealing with them individually? I've found that strategy to be pretty effectively employed by "perception management" types elsewhere. You know, guys with "reality distortion fields?" When you have a large group of people you're trying to maintain context for, you can end up getting into circumstances where you can get caught at giving contradictory statements more easily. Once the group catches that, they tend to dig and twist, and have further ammo for doing what you, the presenter, DON'T want. Isolating said group members allows you the luxury of being able to devote your full attention to spinning the perception you're managing to only show what you want them to see without getting caught with your pants down by someone else you spun a yarn for previously. I could be wrong of course, but I've seen it before. I applaud the elaboration of containers as isolated processes, however, I abhor the anthropromorphization of the Kernel/CPU in this article as it tends to distract from what the machine is actually doing, and makes a value judgement with regards to how container technology does it's thing relative to how things just work. Computers compute. The computer doesn't care whether a process is happening in a container or just as a system process. The CPU still has to context switch, it still has to flush and reinitialize memory, and it still incurs all of the same complexity that comes from being a multi-user OS when using containers vs. not using containers. If nothing else, there is actually MORE computation required with containers due to not being able to use more streamlined IPC mechanisms between containerized processes which would be usable in a non-containerized implementation. Containers fulfill a HUMAN use case. "I want to scale a bunch of copies of software environment blah on hardware Y." The computer continues to do what it is told without a care in the world. The point is, the most dangerous points in the operation of a vessel are those when more than one vessel is in close proximity to another because it adds the extra problem of "we need to not hit the other guy" onto an already formidable stack of problems to be solved. This isn't like programming where a little complexity can be handled at a trivial cost. Even if the tugs were say, AI controlled, so that endangering other sailors wasn't an immediate concern, these tugs would still be potential sources of catastrophic damage when fighting inclimate seas due to the size and materials they would have to be made from to actually make any significant difference in getting a fully laden cargo ship from A to B. Tugs are justifiable on inland waters or near ports because they are generally there to replace the ship they are towing's need or means to manoeuvre, enabling smaller, tighter movements than the ship is capable of under its own power. It also enables a transfer of control from a helmsman who may not know the particulars of a port or waterway at that time, to that of a local who's only job is juggling ships in that port day in and day out. Think of tugs as Valets. You don't want to deal with the hassle of dealing with one on the open sea, and it is guaranteed one you bring along with you won't know anything useful about where you are going. Best to just let the destination worry about it. The best approach would be to develop a system that could be relatively quickly integrated into current hulls during a quick refit, or to start designing new hulls with the system from the get go. The physical world doesn't take kindly to hack jobs. Disclaimer: not a sailor, just fascinated by logistics. If I have made any undue assumptions, please feel free to correct me. This... seems to be written by someone trying some extensive mental gymnastics in order to justify why everyone else should embrace his work preference. Water cooler talk isn't about discluding other people. It's about chasing down an idea without wasting the rest of the group's time. It's about getting things out of your head so you can focus on the task at hand. Writing out everything in an explicit and formal manner is a non-trivial effort to clearly communicate context to someone (potentially remote) who is missing it. Sometimes suboptimal is a lot less frightening and destructive than optimal. Dictatorships and despotism are the optimal solution for wielding of executive power. Murder is the optimal means through which to immediately resolve problems created by other people from a time investment point of view. Rape is an optimal solution to spreading genetic material. See the pattern? Knee-jerk reactions from the layperson AREN'T necessarily bad. If anything, they should be the first sign that a researcher needs to back up from that awesome thing you just did, and take off the razor thin beam of relevance you used to achieve your breakthrough, and begin the HARD part of research. Turning it from an interesting academic factoid into a societal good. When we do research, we are free to ignore huge swathes of the world to be able to reach or findings. The reckoning, however, comes when we have to ask ourselves 'how prepared is the world for this?' The story of Doctor Frankenstein isn't just some scary story for children. It should be haunting a researcher night and day. What am I enabling? How will society take this? It shouldn't stop you by all means, but it will keep you grounded and aware of the fact your research isn't happening in a void. Remember, all those bits and pieces you are putting out of your mind are the bread and butter of every layperson's day. Being a researcher doesn't absolve you of your status as a member of society. It is YOUR responsibility to take your idea from the theoretical to the practical. The rest of society is busy staying intact enough to support your research efforts. It is this part I"m referring to: >Emotional reactions and ad-hoc decisionmaking based on mob rule is going to result in a random, arbitrary outcome which will almost certainly be suboptimal. I may have initially misinterpreted some context when I read your comment before, though my conclusions haven't changed much. I agree with you that AI research must be methodically and transparently approached. The part where I was trying to speak toward, however, was that AI researchers/designers are going to necessarily be constrained by how much faith and goodwill a (currently) troubled society, plagued with inequality and hardship in the face of increasing job loss to automation. This is a feature, not a bug to be dismissed. AI is akin to nuclear technology in that it is perceived as a huge game changer. One that brings with it a huge potential for societal change and upheaval. The AI designer/researcher DOESN'T necessarily see it that way. It is just a tool to do a thing. The populace, however, don't grasp the limits the researcher/designer does. They are being asked to give the same degree of faith to the AI field that nuclear physics was given in the last century. Combine that with a severe distrust in the motives of the organizations doing the actual development and you have the stage set for large-scale rejection of AI research. You said it yourself before. AI is a field that is trying to replace humans (having to do stuff). That is not a viewpoint that will win you the favor of the populace. No one will get further than the first half of the sentence before the hackles go up. Nobody trusts a Utopia where people don't have to work because machines do it for them. Nor will they trust the men behind the machines. It's sad, but it is the kind of thinking that has kept humanity OUT of a complete dystopian hellholes thus far. I don't know the fix, but I do know that if we can't solve some very fundamental social problems that advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning are poised to make worse, you will find the field of study becoming more and more difficult to find public acceptance in. The only inkling of a clue I have is it may have to do with the "industrial asymmetry" of our current times. If you don't take heed of the state of society, you may end up in the same place NASA was for the latter half of the 20th Century. BEAUTIFUL theoretical groundwork laid, but hamstrung in execution by popular sentiment. (See some documentaries to learn how "thrilled" many were with the Space Race. NASA still hasn't recovered from the backlash despite some of the best science I've ever seen) Again, you can. See how well that worked for NASA's Integrated Program Plan. It was too ambitious a project that generated some spectacular design and planning work, but ended up dashed on the rocks of the political and social environment of the time. Learn from the past that you might not repeat it. I'll give an upvote for this. Not the most polite way of putting it, but I appreciate keeping it real. It's a UAV if you want to get back into the subject matter we're discussing though. I do wonder how well it'll do in the Martian atmosphere, especially if it gets caught charging in a sandstorm. I just shed a tear. God, I miss Web 1.0. As it was written, so shall it be! Go with Root, my son. This is why AdNet needs to die. Imagine if you will if a door to door salesman did what developers, software, and ad companies do. They would: A) Insist on seeing everything and everyone in your house before even telling you anything. B) Go back to a van and call every other salesman to share what they saw, even if you said "Not interested." C) Pose as the mailman, taking your letters, opening them, and dispatching salesmen to your house later. D) Eventually, your salesman would end up knowing more about your family than YOU do. He starts showing up offering birth control to your teenage daughter. Low-T supplements to your son. E) You just got your kids smartphones! Now THEY have their very own dedicated salesman! Timmy's can be especially disruptive with his sales pitches during dinner. F) Uh oh! Why's that Federal Agent talking to that salesman on the way to our house? G) Heck, why are INSURANCE people trying to...is that a BANKER, and what is my HR person doing here?! This new slice of 20XX life brought to you by AdNet! Accept/Not Interested? The author does a good job of laying out the fundamental differences between the Jeffersonian and Hamitonian approaches to solving the "knowledge problem" of platforms creating such massive sets of data as to become a threat to any society in which they exist, but misses in terms of thinking out the consequences of several approaches. For instance, there is a perverse disincentive in the Hamiltonian approach to relinquish control. The input which would "theoretically" increase the quality of a Hamiltonian regulator is more data. This means the regulator has a greater incentive to act as a data vacuum than those they are regulating. Furthermore, there comes a point at which when the data sets get large enough, there will tend to be no accountability to be found. See the banking crisis. "Oops. We accidentally the economy. We promise we won't do it again." "What did you even do?" "We don't know off hand, but we won't do it again!" The Jeffersonian approach is very much a precautionary approach. Where a Hamiltonian goes all in, the Jeffersonian steps back, limits scope, and sees what happens. It is better to advance the state of the art slowly and methodically without creating a point where a failure could propagate through the entire system, than to take the risk that the SCRAM (Safety Cut Rope Axe Man, the man responsible for triggering the active safety mechanisms in a non-passively safe nuclear reactor design) falls asleep at a bad time. Do one thing, do it well. You don't need a Leviathan to build a functional, thriving society, but it sure helps if you are looking to destabilize and destroy one. That only works if companies actually support that option. Many don't, because it would cut into the data that could be collected and remarketed. Furthermore, try sitting down with a teen, twenty, thirty, or heck, anyone not technologically inclined and try to explain the causes and ills that "marketing" causes. It is difficult. However, many are aware of and despise it, but have no idea what to do about it. I'm sorry, but GP is right. Advertising has gone too far. It really is just customer predation at this point. It is no longer about making sure your business is out there if the consumer comes looking, it is about exploiting every heuristic that can be used to short circuit the consumer making a conscious decision to see anyone else but you. At some point, the intrusion and attention manipulation has to end. My point was that advertising has gone off the rails, and on the offensive. Advertising is "Hey, we're here!" What they do now is more akin to attempted social engineering/psychological manipulation. It's disgusting to see, disrespectful to everyone, and if I had to guess, I'd say it is fueling a counterculture that could very possibly put a leash on the current understanding of free 'marketing' speech. News and the main stream media have the same problem. They focus so much on paperclip maximizing for viewership that the quality of actual useful productive content is being degraded in order to 'lock in' target audiences. Yeah... No. There may not be 'balls' here, but this is definitely the most hilariously bad way for Facebook to handle this. What this is REALLY saying is this: A) We here at Facebook aren't really about connecting people. We are about marketing, and ad delivery in order to generate revenue. B) The goal of keeping you connected and communicating with your social graph is so unimportant to us, that we are either technically incapable, or otherwise unwilling to provide service to customer bases that we cannot monetize. C) We will hold onto, and continue selling any data we have already collected about you, that we really never got informed consent from you on, because we told you it was about us connecting you, and you didn't read the fine print. So either accept, or here is a copy of your data. Excuse us while we sell what we already have. Ciao! This will NOT earn Facebook any "Good Faith" points in the court of public opinion, and is adding further fuel to the international fire of "how far will contract law be allowed to usurp fundamental rights?" Popcorn time indeed! Have you or anyone you know tried making it by on with a 'normal' job through adversity? The hiccups and bumps that life can throw at us have gone higher and higher in price. Health benefits were basically a given for my parents growing up, even when working in retail full time. Now, most places play HR shenanigans to avoid having to offer either those benefits, or enough wage for the worker to afford them themselves. Paying out of pocket is even more destructive in the sense that without an insurer backing you up, you end up having to fight shifty pricing practices on your own, where the insurance company devotes entire departments to it. Or how bout that iPhone? Increasingly, the non-digital Rolodex is becoming an anachronism. Contact information and the ability to communicate at "normal" rates results in increased dependence on technology that is being priced inordinately high. Or how about drug companies buying old drugs long proven and jacking up prices. Or keeping new drugs from being generic'd to bring down prices? Or how about those bankers, and real estate firms buying up and developing land purely for rent seeking? How about that lack of SERIOUS financial education, and an increasingly skewed and asymmetric job market where companies are paying 1970's wages, but raking in 20XX revenues? Tried learning how to fix your car and maintain equipment that has become increasingly unfriendly to user service? I get your message. Don't pretend it is all their fault though. The System they have to work from is pretty gnarly, and very few have any precious idea how to navigate it surefire. Even the more "Well-to-do" who have done everything right can end up with sudden massive reversals of fortune. Before you start calling an ENTIRE generation out for having messed up priorities, remember that the priorities that lead to success had their foundations set by those that came before, and not even THOSE foundations are guaranteed to remain relevant. The whole world seems to have this idea that there is an entitlement to greatness. The elders for the work they've done, and the youngsters from youthful inexperience. A humble, self-sufficient life doesn't even occur to many as an option anymore, and becomes less and less probable as tech and globalised economies of scale begin to maximize around fiscal success as a proxy to improving human quality of life. But hey, life and big picture thinking is hard and making dismissive excuses instead of recognizing our own parts we play of the problems we face as a species/society is easy, right? People need to not downvote. The in-joke is the bane of communication. Let it be explicitly spelled out for those not in the know. Orrrrr.... We could actually send a real message that this type of behavior is completely unacceptable by raising awareness in our collective countries of origin to get GDPR like regulations codified in law so this type of abuse becomes the exception rather than the norm. Otherwise, it'll turn into a case where companies will farm out their web design and digital marketing to "marketing heavens" just like they already do creative restructuring and accounting for tax evasion purposes. So. Someone is wasting your time, so you want to start wasting everyone's time and natural resources playing games with a script? Stay away from trying to increase computational overhead. Everyone thinks computation is "free", but it isn't. There is a turbine somewhere cranking out annoyed pixies to drive your computation war with this botnet. The fact some actor has decided to distribute the energy cost to someone else doesn't mean you have to double down on the waste by multiplying the botnet operator's energy expenditure being dealt with by oblivious user's a thousandfold. It's a bit like global thermonuclear warfare. The only winning mover is not to play. The least resource intensive way of dealing with it is just detection and either preemptive drop (no more useful info) or if you want to get creative, start doing some whois digging with IP's and start blowing up some operator's inboxes with questions as to why you are getting malicious login traffic from their IP block so they can start running down the source from their end. This is the Internet. We don't know everything going through it, but most operator's are generally open to trying to keep transits clean if they are made aware of a problem in a way that doesn't seem like a DDoS aimed at their time. Alright. What is the cost of a false positive in that case? The problem AI runs into is that with too much faith in the machine, people STOP thinking and believe the machine. Where you might get a .44 detection rate on radiology data alone, that radiologist with a .39 or a doctor can consult alternate streams of information. The AI may still be helpful in reinforcing a decision to continue scrutinizing a set of problem. AI's as we call them today are better referred to as expert systems. AI carries too much baggage to be thrown around Willy nilly. An expert system may beat out a human at interpreting large unintuitive datasets, but they aren't generally testable, and like it or not, it will remain a tough sell in any situation where lives are on the line. I'm not saying it isn't worth researching, but AI will continue to fight an uphill battle in terms of public acceptance outside of research or analytics spaces, and overselling or being anything but straightforward about what is going on under the hood will NOT help. Or for a more mundane example, I tried to identify a particular plant by doing an image based I'd with Google. It was identified as a Broomrape because the pictures only had non-green portions of the plant in question. It was ACTUALLY a member of the thistle family. Well... Try remaking your facebook profile with one difference.... Date of Birth. See what happens. There were a couple points in there that could, may, should have been left on the cutting room floor. Some good points were made however. Social Security in its original Ponzi-Schemesque form will end up even worse for wear with declining birthrates. (Not saying Social Security is bad in concept, but it only works in times of sharp population growth, and even then, banking on the youth to carry you just because seems squicky to many ). The observation of millenials being reluctant to have children is also spot on. Many that I have spoken to in the demographic are very much a "lost generation". They've seen parent's and elder's life savings disappear. They have a harder and harder time adjusting to a world that seems specifically tuned to resist and feed off of them. See financial product/debt product proliferation. It's harder to find opportunity when one has an additional complication of digital footprint to manage with a dearth of interest in anyone older than them willing or interested in making sure the past engraved on the net doesn't mark them for life. The hamfisted "feminist" overtones aside, the article makes a chilling point. Long cycle economic predation and the social pressures to avoid debt first and foremost are an effective suicide switch at the population scale. An entire generation has been shaped by these pressures, and with no relief in sight, a drastic shift in values may be needed to avoid a grievous societal destabilization. Interesting times indeed. Well, that is patently horrifying. The last thing I want to think about is having a computer second guessing about what my "pedal to floor" means. The fact the software has enough leeway in function to make a 20 foot difference via software update is bad enough, that apparently everyone else is at least DOING the testing before vehicle release is reassuring though. I'm honestly beginning to wonder whether modern society can afford trade secrets? Or does it work just fine, but the Silicon Valley "hit em' young" syndrome is limiting Tesla's exposure to fundamental practices that an older automotive industry have long since internalized and standardized. I'm less and less comfortable with how knowledge is seemingly silo'd so effectively between companies. "Competitive advantage" shouldn't have body count as a viable metric. This is one of the most horrifying stories I've read in a long time. I have a great deal of trouble even understanding what has gone so catastrophically wrong to even have this practice be a thing. Due process MUST be honored. No excuses are acceptable that "convictions are to hard, we NEED this". Law enforcement and policing with this kind of discretion, ceases to be policing, protection of, or service to society. I will back the men and women who truly try to execute their duty with due respect and honor to those they are protecting, but institutional mechanisms like this only undermine and weaken the trust the public can have in the government. I'll come out and say it. I'll accept a drug dealer on every corner before I'll accept the legality and morality of confiscation of assets without due process or with shortcutted due process. Our country survived just fine before the explosion in law enforcement's capability to waltz over civil rights, and it can survive without it now. If you can't get the job done with typical investigative techniques that don't include stomping on or cleverly redefining the scope of the 4th Amendment, then maybe, just maybe you're doing it wrong. Depriving a citizen of life, liberty, and the fruits of their pursuit of happiness is SUPPOSED to be a long, ardorous task. Vigilia pretium libertatis est. People don't like it when you point out the indirect effects of a system. I'm assuming that is why you got downvotes. This seems to be a summary or "plug" of Dennet's philosophy. Usually this type is a poor attempt at trying to reproduce the author's subjective understandimg of another's philoskphy, which is kind of moot. I'd recommend reading Dennett's work strongly over this one. The point of philosophical reading is to share the "way one thinks" not what one is thinking about. For instance, the closest we get to an elucidation of how Dennett thinks in this piece is that we learn that Dennett accepts that a large component of first-person consciousness is an illusion (I.e. the sense experience being "differrnt" to what is measurably the case), and that he rejects a dualistic desperation of mind being distinct from the world it is observing. I can't speak to this American flag illusion, but look at the bent pencil in water example. If we weren't taught about refraction and just took our senses for gospel, we would posit that water bends things placed in it when viewed from outside the water. We would be under the influence of an illusion (our internal representation of what is going on not aligning with the measurable reality around us) in our consciousness. In that way, Dennett can safely say that the phenomena of consciousness ITSELF is an illusion based on the principle that the map != the landscape (the map being our consciousness, the landscape being the world). The map resembles the landscape as closely as possible to help in navigating, but the map is, and will never be a perfect representation of what is going on around us. As an exercise to demonstrate what I mean, find a small rock, and place it somewhere on the ground outside while keeled down. Walk away from where you left it for a few minutes and think about other things. Then go back to where you put it and try to find the rock you placed from a distance. Likely, if you don't cheat and hyperlearn the location by expending extra effort to remember the exact spot, you'll end up having a hard time picking out the exact spot you left it. You'll know where it is within say, 2 feet, but you won't "see it". This is the map phenomena. Our consciousness is a small slice of what is going on around us, and it is constantly warping and revising based on what we are thinking about and trying to do. By Dennett's reasoning, consciousness MUST be an illusion. That doesn't mean you should DISMISS it, by any means. Just be aware that what you consciously experience is not the sum total of everything that is there. It's just the stuff most important to what you are trying to do at that moment. To make things even more confusing, "what you are trying to do at that moment" is by definition MORE than what you are consciously aware of trying to do at that moment! You are PART of the world, so your conscious awareness of your thoughts is just your innate ability to sample your own mental state! Welcome to Philosophy. Taking your world view, and expanding it whether you like it or not. Aspirin is on the shelf, here's a blanket to hide under in case of existential crisis. It is useful if for no other reason than it teaches one how easy it is for something that looks "simple" to someone else to get utterly destroyed in translation when being communicated to someone else. Both parties to the communication need to "line up their illusions" for stuff to make sense. What says that there isn't an equal chance of dying from complicated health issues that can't get attended to or mechanical repairs that can't be done because one JUST CAN'T AFFORD it right now? Don't try to hide behind "it isn't violence". Everything is violence if you think hard enough. We just prune down the scope to what happens to be convenient at the time. The real qualifier for what makes this "theft" is the asymmetry of value generated for the payer vs. the reward returned to the payee. Think about if that janitor WEREN'T there. She just stayed home and hardened somehow. No more floor\workspace cleaning, no more trash being emptied, no more bathrooms being restocked, no more Windows being cleaned. I'd like to see 90% of businesses that hire janitors workplace productivity after not having them around. Now look at programmers. System's I develop transact billions of times a quarter, generating millions in revenue. Suppose all of the people capable of developing those services refused to work as well? Things would go along fine for the most part. Millions would still roll in. So, yeah. It's theft. In BOTH cases. We just like to draw lines between skilled and unskilled labor and say "this person is more valuable than that person". It's why the phrase "Human Resources" became a thing. It isn't about doing business in good faith with someone else. It's about stroking egos and making the financials look good. I don't know the solution, but when most normal people I know make 4 times less than the average programmer for an equal investment of their lives to someone else's ends, there is some stinking problem going on, and it isn't just "the market at work". That's a part undoubtedly, but there seems to be something structural underlying it all as well. There is no reason why wage growth should not have scaled with capacity to generate revenue. Wow! So THAT is where all of the worst managers I've ever had the misfortune of working with seem to have had their mindset built from. There seems to be some value in there by putting a name to some patterns, but it reads like a psychopath's social manipulation how-to guide. The entire point of the license is to highlight how ridiculous it is that one should have to be/retain a lawyer in the process of generating sequences of 0's and 1's to run on a computer. Programming is mathematics. You stop doing things like trying to 'license' 2+2 on x86, and we'll stop making goofy licenses to mess with you and give your lawyer a heart attack. We all know if you see something you really like but don't like the licensing of, you'll just rewrite it differently, and slap All Rights Reserved on it anyway. Thus is the joy of the Turing Machine. What you do can be redone in an infinitude of different ways. You insisting on licensing schemes just holds back code from being utilized, and builds legal structures through which software writers and users can be abused. I've recently thought of creating a TTCACOI (Take This Code And Choke On It) license as of late. I mean, clearly if forced binding arbitration can force you to relinquish civil rights through Contract law, one should be able to compel auto-esophegeal blockage through licensing terms right? It has already been touched on by another commenter, but testability of Machine Learned systems outside of a training dataset is pretty much a crapshoot. An ML solution stops "learning" after training and only reacts. To illustrate the difference, have you driven on roads under construction lately? As humans, when you've driven the same road hundreds of times, you start to do the same thing as a machine learned implementation. You drive by rote. When you get to that construction zone though, or the lines get messed up, your brain will generally realize something has changed, and you'll end up doing something "unpredictable", i.e. learning a new behavior. The Machine Learning Ali's output (a neural net) can't do that. It can generify a pattern to a point, but it's behavior in truly novel circumstances cannot be assured. Besides which, the problem still stands that the system is coded to ignore straight ahead stationary objects. Terrible implementation. It should look for overly fast and uniform increase in angular field coverage combined with being near stationary in terms of relative motion as a trigger to brake. I.e. If a recognized shape gets bigger at the same rate on all "sides" whilst maintaining a weighted center at the same coordinate. It's one of the visual tricks pilots are taught to avoid mid-air collisions. Admittedly though, the human brain will likely remain WAY better at those types of tricks than a computer will be for a good long time. The problem, however, is your test can't be assumed to generify the way an explicitly coded web service would. You can look at your code and say "For all invalid XML, this, for all input spaces, that." You can formally prove your code in other words. You CANNOT do that with Neural Nets. Any formal proof would simply prove that your neural network simulation is still running okay. Not that it is generating the correct results. You can supervise the learning process, and you can practically guarantee all the cases within your training data set, and everyone in the research space is comfy enough to say "yeah, for the most part this will probably generify" but the spectre of overfitting never goes away. With machine learning, I developed a rule of thumb for applicability: "Can a human being who devotes their life to the task learn to do it perfectly?" If the answer is yes, it MAY be possible to create an expert system capable of performing the task reliably. So lets apply the rule of thumb: "Can a human being, devoting their life to the task of driving in arbitrary environmental conditions, perfectly safely drive? Can he safely coexist with other non-dedicated motorists?" The answer to the first I think we could MAYBE pull off by constraining the scope of arbitrary conditions (I.e. specifically build dedicated self-driving only infrastructure). The second is a big fat NOPE. In fact, studies have found that too many perfectly obedient drivers typically WORSEN traffic in terms of probability to create traffic jams. Start thinking about how people drive outside the United States and the first-world in general, and the task becomes exponentially more difficult. The only things smarter than the engineers trying to get your car to drive itself are all the idiots who will invent hazard conditions that your car isn't trained to handle. Your brain is your number one safety device. Technology won't change that. You cannot, and should not outsource your own safety. The report indicates the system ignores stationary objects. I would not be surprised if a suddenly decelerated car in front of the system effectively vanished from the car's situational awareness. Your scenario does not seem that far-fetched. An attentive human would realize something horrible had happened and perhaps reacted accordingly. A disengaged or otherwise distracted one may not have the reaction time necessary to stop the system from plowing right into the situation to make it worse. Obviously they don't, or the braking update would never have needed to happen in the first place. Highways are not, nor should they ever be if at all possible, proving grounds. They really aren't. At least you can rely on 99% of humans to try to act according to self-preservation instinct MOST of the time. I see a Tesla, and I try to get away from them as soon as possible. That's a bit like saying all the nation's classified material is secret because no one has checked it out from the National Archive yet. The data shouldn't exist in the first place. Incorrect. Oftentimes the satire is born from taking rhetoric specifically made to appeal to a particular audience and placing it but naked in the light of truth for everyone else. There is a danger inherent to small subsets of the population acting as policymakers. It is much easier to craft rationalizations that can get past some of the people all time. The fact that policymaker's rationalizations often fall apart when challenged from someone outside the apparatus is what makes Satire both comedic and horrifying at the same time. What. The. Hell. This is getting out of hand. Bad enough bloody Facebook has entire continents of social graphs. Governments DEFINITELY DO NOT NEED THIS. This is how you erode or work around legal protections for your citizenry. Once one country starts, others will implement the same, then the information sharing starts. NO. Just NO. The cat is probably already well out of the bag, but the world really doesn't need this. A couple things to point out that the good Doctor seems to have left out of his musings. Corporations don't REALLY care about people. They aren't going to invest large amounts of money to acquire and develop nearby property to be lived in by transient workers. Doing so would represent a huge assumption of liability on the company's part, the cost thereof most likely would be passed on to the employee. Work is soul sucking enough as is. Living in a company town with all the strings attached that would entail would likely make matters even more depressing. Self-driving vehicles are nowhere NEAR "basic-AI". It takes a well-developed teenager of a ripe 16+ years to even get to the point we as a society are even comfortable TRAINING them to drive, and God help the one's with a Y chromosome come time to pay the insurance. And finally, think of the freedom gained by one who learns to operate a vehicle. You unlock a form of mobility unmatched by any mode of locomotion naturally evolved. You have opened to you the collective infrastructure built by man to enable you to travel and transact. If there is any question that should be asked with regards to automotive travel and work, it should be, why don't we travel more for our own edification, rather than for someone else's? For the current generation at least, the answer seems to be wage stagnation/stratification. A phenomena uniquely addressable from the very same corporations whose altruism is being appealed to in this article. Tesla saw the world in a fundamentally different way to his contemporaries. In a time of bankers and businessmen, he was a brilliant engineer and inventor. His "impractical" ideas were often labelled as such because Tesla wasn't interested in making a business except as a means to an end. That end being "free power". I don't see Elon as a parallel to Tesla, if anything, I see him as Edison reborn. The irony is palpable of course seeing as that creates a worldview where even in reincarnation, Edison is milking Tesla for all he's worth. Again, though. That only happens when wages gained from one's job are insufficient to allow time to be spent doing anything else but going to and from work. It is indeed a common phenomena, but the problem is a great deal more complex than the automobile and the road. When you have corporations acting as turbopumps, doing their damnedest to absorb consumer spending power in the name of never-ending growth... It is not surprising that urban road use quite literally sucks the quality out of one's life. I find it interesting that there seems to be so much fascination with modes of transport controlled by someone else in this day and age. I'd think cloud computing and most of the shenanigans tech companies get away with would have caused people pause when it comes to pawning off their control over their means of travel. The main cause of the generic brittleness of Neural Networks is probably in the way they are utilized. Biological neural nets never really stop learning. They slow down, even "forget" in order to restructure, but they change constantly. A static neural net in basically a snapshot of it's environment (training data). Very interesting consequences for the ML field if my hunch has anything remotely resembling a kernel of truth to it. Again, look to biology. That thing you are modeling. Humanly "imperceptible" is a very loaded term. Human perception has billions upon billions of networks worth of filtering going before we even boil down our environment to the "interesting" stuff. Furthermore, if you take a snapshot of that network after training, you're fit to the training data. The network has lost it's plasticity. Take a potato, put it on the ground, train the network on other potato shots. Now show it a potato shaped asteroid. Now show it a French fry. What is the potato-ness that this potato+detector is ACTUALLY homing in on? Keep in mind, this structure is trained on digital encodings of maps of light and color. The function may not be a perfect semantic detector of potato-ness. It just knows what patterns of bits MIGHT be potatoes. And when you are working on bit level encodings, one bit translates to a lot of change, even if it is imperceptible to a human looking at a rendering on a screen. Heck, there is no guarantee that the function it's emulating is well defined outside the training data set. Neural networks are GOING to be fickle. You're trying to coerce "reliable, repeatable. generifiable results" out of a simulation of the same stuff that drives five year olds and emotional people. Consider yourself lucky the program hasn't opened the CD tray and demanded you insert crayons. It isn't just branding though. It is a mathematical representation of a synaptic action potential. The main difference of course being that you are implementing it in silicon rather than carbon, and having no bloody grammar or conception of how in the heck to explain how 'X set of nodes with Y set of weights with Z activation threshold function'=something useful. They called them Neural networks for a reason. It's been quite a mystery both on the biology (in terms of gray matter) and computing (in terms of ANN) front why it works at all. But it does. I think I've read Bellman's work before, but I'll take a look. Thanks for the pointer. It's been a while since I've been in the literature (about 7 years to be exact). Just can't find enough hours in the day to keep on top of the state-of-the-art, and unfortunately the career hasn't budged me in the direction of anywhere I could weasel work on it into my day. C'est la vie. The problem comes down to the engineers and researchers involved. As an INDUSTRY, we have some very important decisions to make, one of which is, "will we work on this type of system knowing full well what it will be used for?" Yes, everyone has their price, but the fact remains that the tools are nigh useless without the expertise of the knowledgeable people to integrate and fine tune the final product. If there is enough ethical backlash by we tech people, the progress any government makes can be set back decades. It can't be stopped at this point most likely, as the data and initial research is out of the bag as it were, but it does"t have to be carried one inch further. Personally, I won"t touch it. No benefit is worth the risk of this type of system being leveraged against a population. I've fully thought through the security, search and rescue, administrative, etc... applications, and as cold as it may sound, it is not worth it. The invasion of privacy, the chilling effects put on public discourse, the enabling of active population social engineering through ubiquitous surveillance and negation of dissidents is not a legacy worth having anything to do with. Hence the "as an industry" part. If you've ever read Snow Crash, the U.S. Government does something similar to exactly what you are talking about. That is why I've stated that at this point we can only delay the fruition of a state level infrastructure. Not stop it. I always thought the entire point of architecture was to create a building/structure/space that looks like it was actually there all along. You choose readily available materials to build it out of, you try to match the "style" of structure to the environment and culture of the space. Has modern architecture just thrown Vitruvius out the window? Welp... 'Scuse me while I go drink away that sorrow... Truly, modernity is a hell I can't seem to wake up from. Funny how everything we praise about the old ways has a habit of getting thrown out with the bathwater in the name of economic "profitability". I liked humanity better when we built stuff to honor things other than our checkbooks. It's a bunch of commentary on the subject mostly. I spoke my piece in that thread. So I won't go into it again here. Long story short, basically what a previous poster said. People spent so much time trying to find out if they could, no one seemed to stop and think about whether they should. Wait, then what is the debt measured in? I get the difference between "money" and value, but if you magic money into existence, you've caused inflation of your currency, increasing the amount of currency it would take to add up to the pre-magic "value" of your national debt number as measured in dollars. Therefore increasing it by definition. Just saying it's meaningless sounds a bit disingenuous unless I'm missing something. I smell a rat. Still means it is a viable strat. If your opsec requires an exploit that's currently invaluable to OPS targeting way bigger fish, You can operate with some degree of impunity until the exploit becomes moot for the bigger fish. It's why security researchers will in all odds never be the target of an "evil maid" attack. It isn't worth the time. Why always hand it over to someone else? You can't say that tons of investment is always a good thing. Look at the Dairy industry in the United States. Wal-Mart has vertically integrated the dairy industry into itself, as a result, many smaller regional farmers no longer have a market at all since there is no way to compete with someone who is so well integrated that they can SELL AT A LOSS in dairy, yet compensate by making up for it with social engineering via loss-leading. https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/best-advice-u-s-dairy-f... You CANNOT sit idly by and say that investment is ALWAYS a positive societal good when by definition, the "rational invester" (read: paperclip maximizer for ROI) will naturally tend to converge on creating monolithic structures, which, by their nature as "rational corporate actors" act as, again, paperclip maximizers for profits. Balance sheets do NOT accurately convey the full story of economic processes at work creating tangible effects in the real world, any more than meteorological climate models do. If you take into account side effects caused by collectively funded (via rational investment methodologies) creating monolithic industry-consuming behemoths, then the idea the rich are "hoarding money" makes perfect sense. Wal-Mart in this case is doubling down on automation, and keeping what payroll it pays low, so it's not actually acting to distribute wealth back to those who are so strapped they can't even think of investing, because they need to put the next meal on the table. EVEN if they could statistically speaking, the most wealthy are the most likely to be able to pick up what stock they'd have to sell, because stock doesn"t put food on the table. This creates a situation where regardless of who's hand the money is actually in, the outcome is the same. Monolithic businesses will be invested in, they'll integrate until they start creating value deserts in their space, and in order to contribute to continuing growth figures, will optimize away liabilities by minimizing workforce or salary. The only one's benefiting being those already on board. Does it "GENERALLY" work well though? Yes and no. Yes, given the absence of any actors large enough to create value deserts through excessive vertical integration? Yes! It does! No. I'm the sense that that isn't what the market seems to produce though. Companies will diversify, merge, or employ externalization of negative outcomes EXACTLY to accomplish making themselves the best looking target for investors. At some point, enough has to be enough. The economy is one of the few process spaces where eternal growth is EXPECTED. No living system constrained by finite resource and time CAN grow indefinitely without causing major systemic upsets. An equivalent solution to what Wal-Mart is doing could be achieved with networks of smaller less "fiscally efficient" distribution centers doing business with fewer monolithic industrial behemoths. This keeps the barrier to entry lower, leads to more opportunities for job creation, and increases financial mobility overall. This is something that CAN't exist with uncontrolled maximization of ROI by investors, and profits by corporation. At some point enough HAS to be enough. Maybe I'm not an economist, but I've seen enough complex systems to recognize when blind spots exist in current modeling. This is something I see never get addressed. That doesn't really detract from my point though, and there seem to be some critics of fractional reserve banking that seem to home in on the exact point I'm calling out. Every time a currency "inflates" any values measured in that currency by definition change. Or is that what's meant by it's meaningless, since the value is now basically what it was plus the fraction by which the money supply just grew? I.e. V=value final v=initial value F=fraction of money supply ex nihilo'd V=v+(v(1÷(F))) Edit: I think I got that right... The thing that bugs me is the idea that money is best handed to someone else to do something with. The more one blindly invests with only seeking ROI with actors maximizing around the same metric is how you generate business landscapes that would seem incredibly hostile to competition if run to their logical conclusion. Most people don't count the post office as having a letter "sent" to them. They are just handlers. Value deserts in the sense that no competitors can break into the market to capture share, because the market is essentially defined by the entrenched player. Yes it does happen. Again, look at Wal-Mart and dairy. Alphabet\Google does the same with digital advertising. I'm not saying people are crap investors either. I'm saying the definition of a "good investor" (maximize fimancial ROI) and a "good company" (maximize financial profit) leads inevitably to market behemoths forming which WILL degenerate the health of the economy as a whole, and drastically increase barriers to entry for smaller players. A company as a collective stands as much as a danger when it becomes too large as it does a benefit. A "good company" should not grow infinitely. It should grow as much as is needed to do what it needs to. That is providing it's service to it's community. No living system constrained by finite time and resources can support unceasing growth. The economy is just such a system. Not really... It's just about a 4th degree argument I'm making. -1st degree:Real wage growth doesn't happen, because investor behavior wants the most money back to them from a company. -2nd degree: A company will try to trim "waste" by cutting immediate liabilities to the lowest they can to maintain requisite Talent. -3rd Degree: Talent is going to go where the biggest bucks can be made, and that will be the biggest market behemoth which exists currently. The infusion of investor capital exaggerates buying power to acquire and retain Talent which would be necessary for smaller competitors to get a leg up against the behemoth"s entrenched position. This leads to value deserts, which adversely effects industry as a whole. -4th degree: Smaller competitors die in value deserts. supply goes down, demand stays the same or goes up. Prices go up, profit goes up, return to 1st degree. Wal-Mart captured a great deal of investor capital. In order to keep itself looking tempting to investor's it has to grow (diversify), cut liabilities (minimize wage growth, decrease employment/payroll via automation, and minimize benefits expenditures through scheduling shenanigans), or do BOTH at the same time by vertically integrating their supply chain and using loss leading's attendant benefits to undercut small producers; this pushes them out of the market, jacks up prices on the commodity when supply goes down, thereby increasing profits, thereby drawing more investment capital. Start the cycle again with the next industry. It's called a positive feedback loop, and in nature, if they aren't compensated for, bad things happen. It just so happens that this one has a multi-generational period, so no-one has lived long enough or paid enough attention to get upset about it. If they did, I just haven't found their paper, bit I have the feeling people are starting to notice, even if they can't articulate it. It goes back to wage growth because of the link between 1 and 2. 3 and 4 are what cause the actual societal\market damage. You can't "solve" the problem without fundamental rethink on the axiom that kicks off all of this, which is "the best investment is to dump as much money as possible into the fastest growing company", which has a sub axiom of "growth without bounds is acceptable and to be encouraged". It ain't straightforward, but nothing about economics seems to be. If there is a glaring flaw, please enlighten me. I REALLY want to improve my understanding. Apparently, I struck a nerve. The attitude of developers with regard to data flowing their systems demonstrates some of the most remarkable lapses in common sense and historical understanding I have ever seen. Electronic-Mail. That comes with a plurality of baggage associated with the voncept due to the societal concept of Mail. In the U.S. at least, one's mail IS sacrosanct. The Postal Service, being the message handlers that "set the standard" as it were for other logistics and postage businesses to be measured against DO NOT MESS WITH THE MESSAGE, beyond setting limits on transiting parcels to facilitate smooth operation of the system. Emphasis mine. They do not "maintain state" about message history either. They do not scan to detect trends. They do not try to "sanitize" that data to sell to marketers. Just because there ISN'T a codified rule, DOESN'T mean it's a good idea to go around playing with expectations literally over a century old. If you call yourself a Mail provider of any sort, don't be surprised when people find you looking at correspondences that you end up getting blowback. Stories (entertainment, not journalism) are filled with people eavesdropping on messages BECAUSE it is exceptional behavior. It wouldn't be worth writing about otherwise. The type of behavior seems to be especially problematic in the tech world because there is seemingly no cost, or visibility to the non-tech-savvy user that it's happening. Stop treating the user's data like it's yours. The system is yours. It would have no worth if they weren't using it. Playing word games and hiding behind the legalese has worked thus far, but the tech literacy of the general populace IS increasing. And if the general populace likes anything, it's common sense and cognitive resonance. Tech will be beaten with the stick once the tech literacy is there. The privacy reckoning will come if tech doesn't get its act together and GET WITH THE LAST TWO CENTURIES. Frankly, I find it refreshing. Here is a man who found Quality in his life. He didn't care about the market. He eschewed the call of mammon. This gentleman dug himself a glorious hole, and worshipped in the one way he knew how. Building. You can laugh or call him insane if you like. Here was a man who knew what he wanted and hew it from the earth itself. Gaze in awe mortals. This man has truly exercised his free agency. Not much. You're at the mercy of a capped number of practitioners getting sanctioned into practice a year. This creates artificial scarcity. Also, you still have the blatant consolidation of the medical industry into a gigantic monolithic hybrid of pharma, hospital, insurer, and artificially scarce doctor. The solution is not to pump more doctors into a system geared to extract multiple industries worth of profit. Instead, it should be investing in increasing the capability of individuals to provide and manage their own medical care. This means more accessible diagnostics tools, fewer barriers to entry in getting access to good medical literature. Investing in teaching people how to do research, and make medically relevant observations, or to at least be able to tell when "First Aid" stops, and more advanced facilities are needed. When "First Aid" can encompass using a small, affordable X-ray device cheap and easy enough to safely use in a residential home, THEN you start seeing healthcare costs plummet. Same goes with Pharma. We have an exceedingly low capability to create environments conducive to productive research per capita. The brain power that can crank on these types of things are artificially limited by the inability of many who may have the interest and time to get access to facilities to make meaningful observations and potential discoveries. Come up with acceptable test analogs. Document, enumerate, and simulate as much as possible so someone can pick up a protein, shove it into a tissue and see what interactions may happen. Make the information accessible, and start working on boiling it down into learnable paths where a person can get the 80%, but still drill down into the more specialized. Cheaper, more prolific research and education is the key. NOT letting the market sit on top the misery of the hurt and dying and demanding the toll be paid. Empower first. Optimize last. That's just not true. Farmer's have benefited MASSIVELY. Go try breaking some ground without a Rototiller, or tractor. Harvest crops by hand. Or go ahead and seed by hand. Oh! Don"t forget to weed! And you might want to fertilize as well. The thing is there is only the IMPRESSION the farmer doesn't benefit from tech. Modern "Tech" I.e. software is no exception. The reality is the farmer has to cope with the realities of physical constraints, and learns how to deal with things in a way that requires minimal input. They acquire an economy of action. "Tech" today wouldn't understand the notion if it slapped them in the face. "Lets make another thing to do a thing, so THIS thing is justified/monetized." Ask a Farmer if or why they don't collect metrics on all their customers. If they aren't industrial, answer is easy. More important things to do. You can learn a lot from the guys and gals who grow your food. I certainly have. The value you can get out of not doing things you don't need to can be quite large. The reason this hasn't been done is that historically it was taken as a given that the Federal Government were the last people you wanted to do something like that. The U.S. is a union of States each with different cultures, attitudes, histories, and needs. It was recognized early on that A STRONG Federal government given responsibility to do ANYTHING at a nationwide scale would quickly rustle jimmies as people would begin to feel more and moredisenfranchised by having institutions forced upon them by people who didn't live there. Common sense thus dictated the country be run from the bottom up. Delegating only certain unquestionable authority to the Federal Government so as to provide a framework for settling disputes between States, and leaving States to handle their own affairs. It seems to have become more in vogue for issues to end up bubbling straight to the National Congress without passing through a State first. Nowadays with mainstream media gushing to its various audiences the National Congress seems to have taken center stage, but there is also increased unrest by those uninterested in having their State's ability to run itself as it will usurped by the Federal. Why? What makes the living being" deserving of empathy, and the machine not? Why should "living beingness" be restricted to our genetic footprint? Is an animal any less deserving of being treated well when it is raised for food? Do children that aren't descended from someone deserve to be treated more harshly than one's own? As complexity goes up, and things develop to become more humanlike, at the end of the day, we'll need to be willing to extend some semblance of care toward them. Do you think it's perfectly okay and reasonable for marketing to predate on primal heuristics in order to manipulate you into doing something you'd not normally do? What else is another human being other than a bag of squishy parts that happens to take action or make sounds in response to stimuli in similar ways that I do? I think I know where your attitude comes from, but the ability to map input to output doesn't magically make something not worthy of empathizing with. The exact opposite is often preferable to a degree as it helps inure one to rampant dehumanization of those around them. I'm not saying to take your hammer out to dinner, but an emotional connection to an inanimate thing that works as it should is not unhealthy. And when you start talking about children, them showing concern for anything but themselves is a good thing. >Questioning an idea doesn't automatically amount to advocating its "opposite" (in quotes because that would in turn reflect a further underlying supposition that the issue being discussed is binary in the first place, where it usually isn't).I'm not suggesting everybody take their beliefs about robots and replace them with some other opposite belief. I'm saying the appropriate belief might be none at all. Fair. Maybe just say that next time. Cuts out a couple of levels of implications that others may not follow. >What do robots deserve? I dunno, who cares, what's for dinner? They don't make meaningful decisions, aren't beings, and therefore aren't morally accountable. Ironically that ends up being a pretty good argument that we should just smash them all, because they're amoral, some of them dangerously so, but mostly it just means they're just things, and don't "deserve" anything. Either they are amoral or they aren't. It's a binary state. Modifying it by tacking on "dangerously" is just trying to score emotional points. (The irony.) Furthermore, we're increasingly seeing VERY significant decisions being made by digital entities, be they algorithms or robots. What news you see, the order of search results, what route you travel on the way home are ALL meaningful decisions. >They aren't governed by morality internally so why should we apply it externally? Because they are a by-product of our actions as moral beings. They are an extension of us in the world in that they would not exist if we had not found a need for them to exist. They also do at some level have a fundamental morality. Do they complete their task in the manner in which they were designed? If they do, they are good, if they don't, or do in an unintended way they are bad. The fact of the matter is that the childrens' behavior should elicit disgust or the recognition that the state of affairs was not right. Having to program a robot to run to an adult to avoid being "bullied" makes a sad statement about the lack of respect we find it reasonable to instill in our children for artifical systems put in place. There is also the message being sent, as pointed out by another poster, that the system is interacting according to our more positive moral values. If it can't even do that without anti-bullying programming, there is an issue, and it isn't with the machine. The story of Frankenstein's monster isn't just horrible because of the monster's eventual actions but also because the monster's creator, as well as the populace could not see in that "fleshy bucket of bolts" something that deserved some level of respect by virtue of its creation. I don't hold that flesh or pain is necessary to make an object worthy of respect. Only a purpose. Whether or not that purpose justifies acting maliciously towards it is entirely dependent on how it is being employed, and what the consequences and outcomes of its deployment are. I'll not go on further except to say I vehemently disagree with your viewpoint, and implore you to think some more on the matter. This is why corporations need to remain small. The inefficiencies are what make the system A)navigable, and B) work. When you have humans trying to run something that no human can fully mentally represent without significant investment in external memory aids, you have a recipe for disaster, because one bad move by a large actor propagates far better than the same move by a smaller actor. Real life analogy: Your kid trips. Hyperbolic analogy: Jack trips Giant trips Which has worse consequences? ...How much further are we going to let this sort of thing evolve? This is classic Industrialist overreach. Taft-Hartley be damned. Enough is enough. Corporate America needs a wake-up call, and I think the unions may need to brush off the dust and get back in the game. It's one thing to play with hypotheticals, but Corporations are starting to leverage capital advantaged positions in order to dictate what values the average American can expect in their lifetime. It's a slow, insidious process that will happen over several generations, and if a stand isn't made against this sort of thing, it qualifies as implicit acceptance of the status quo. If industry is going to try to build itself into a position where it can micromanage every iota of the working day out of a perceived superior position brought by cornering the "market" on economic power "capital", then labor needs to be willing to say "have fun with that, we'll find another way to survive." I get this may come across as hyperbolic rhetoric, but it is absolutely INSANE that people are thinking about IMPLEMENTING these sorts of things. Microphones and cameras don't just pick up "what you want". A key press is more than appropriate to gather the desired "this isn't on sale" metric. This device is also not intended for that use case. It's meant to generate metrics to "ensure employees are actually greeting." If you are SO FLUSH WITH CASH and in such a dearth of things to do with it that you are quite literally trying to optimize your greeter metrics, there is a bloody problem. Then there is the case that the very idea borders on abusive micromanagement. The kind that can only be plausibly skated under the radar through copious use of passive voice when describing it. Life worked JUST FINE not being recorded audio/video or otherwise. If profit hounding is reaching such high levels, a Wal-Mart greeter can't be trusted to make a decision whether or not a customer is in the mood for a greeting, then it is quite obvious that someone further up the chain has completely lost touch with the idea of "Professional Courtesy". Never mind that half of this metrics gathering wouldn't be necessary if the company weren't trying to out grow the problem it's trying to solve by hemorrhaging labor in favor of machines. The modern community is rife with distrust. More and more, people drift farther and farther away from each other. Mental and physical illness become more and more serious problems as humans are increasingly expected to behave as mass-produced cogs, interchangeable, and undeviating in how they carry out their job. The human psyche doesn't cope well with that. Humans are DYNAMIC. They are creative creatures, with difference being built into every decision. The kind of control that industry keeps pushing for illustrates that leadership has little, or deprioritizes any semblance of human respect and dignity in how they engage with labor in favor of a more attractive bottom line to attract investers. It isn't innovation. It isn't improvement. It certainly isn't engaging with and being a fundamental positive force within a community. It's about plopping a pump down into a puddle of untapped value and sucking it dry, to hell with the consequences for society, the community, or those we leave behind to emulate the values we clearly espoused by letting it happen unchallenged. I don't know about anyone else, but this is disgusting behavior of a sort that deserves more than mild degree of censure. This is great stuff. Thank you. Depends on your viewpoint. An effective Union in principle post Taft-Hartley is essentially an organized crime organization, seeing as the most effective method of forcing Big Industry to the negotiating table, secondary strikes, were made illegal to organize as a formal Union. Without the amplifying power of network effects to offset Industy's increased cash reserves to simply wait out the miniscule by comparison reserves of a legal Union, there really is no serious incentive to get Industry actors to really pay attention. Thus is the danger of legislation without sunset dates. Can't comment on ACLU. Haven't kept up with them nowadays. I have absolutely zero interest in most things fashion related, but I'll be damned if I didn't find this interesting. I'm kind of sad to have apparently missed a golden age of in flight shenanigans. Further I just find the entire phenomena interesting in that it caught on as a sort of afterthought through coupons. I guess that's why marketers still do it now. Really wish they'd cut back on special papers for em though. Can't compost the glossy crap. Generally speaking, the things you've been mentioning have been happening for the last 250 year's. Systems have been put in place that have reinforced certain ways of being as being the ideal or easiest way to do things. Stuff like class hierarchies, zoning policies, corporatism, segregation... All these little quirks and nudges from the past that may or may not be relevant anymore. This is why some of the founding fathers did not believe in legislation that was considered binding in perpetuity. With a once and done mindset combined with a psychological reluctance to undo what those before us have done, we lay the foundation through which attitudes hundreds of years old still affect us in our day to day for good or ill without OUR generation having consciously discussed and new a positive decision that a law is worth keeping. A Government that operates without sunset dates on its laws resembles more a Tyranny of the Dead than a Government of the Living if you will as time goes on. It doesn't HAVE to happen with violence. However, there has to be some very frank, realistic, high integrity people combing through a lot of detritus for a long time. Making conscious decisions others are willing to back up. It's not an easy thing. The Framers really never set out for easy in their defense. Why not? Be happy it wasn't bid out to Meals on Wheels. Stop beating your wife with switches smaller than your thumbs. Both of you. /s Also. Kind of going to back the complaint being reasonable side of things. In Quality Management, it is more important that the signal is raised, recorded, and put in a pipeline to be dealt with, than to encourage only raising the signal when a possible solution is in hand. On the other hand, yes, in general, when expressing cross-departmental complaints, come with a suggestion or offer of help to solve the problem in hand. If nothing else, it builds bridges, goodwill, and shows you care about making their lives, not just your own, better. Moore v. Regents of the University of California Says that parts of your own body are no longer "yours" after a surgical procedure. It would not be a long leap to make the argument that since the onus of disposal is on the municipal waste treatment company that your effluent becomes "theirs" as soon as it enters municipal sewage systems. I'm not saying it makes sense, but I've given up on thinking the government will let something like that stand in their way if they get their knickers in a twist. And the whole "unless it is in use by the general public test" is blatant overreach. It's just a way to sneak in new ways to get around 4th Amendment protections through creative interpretation. Doing a multispectral scan of someone's house is a bloody search. "I was just FLIRing" the entire neighborhood on a whim... Right. Congratulations. You just willfully destroyed evidence pertaining to an investigation. Enjoy your obstruction of justice charges. Also enjoy the spoliation inference the prosecutor can now use against you. The court need only point to the fact you downloaded an app specifically meant to wipe your phone via an "oh crap" code. I mean, I get LE and the justice system is given a lot of crap for being behind the times, but cmon now. This is slam dunk tier legal argumentation here. I'm not even a lawyer and I'm pretty sure I could convince a judge on that point. If they issue a warrant for something, and you do something to what the warrant was issued for, you tampered with evidence. This is heavily frowned upon. Especially in the middle of a court room, right in front of a judge. If you want to send a message via civil disobedience, all power to you.Just understand, you're still going to have to deal with the consequences. I don't like it any more hand anyone else here, bit until you can sell a legislature on changing a bunch of this, in court is the absolute LAST place you want to make a stand on it. Judges are going to go with the least amount of reinterpretation to keep the system and Law Enforcement trucking. Law is made by legislatures. It's just the way it is. No, that's all material to the point. It's the same type of thing that led to most IP cases being heard in a particular Circuit/District Court in Texas. When you as the consumer have nil input into establishing an impartial venue, and the COMPANY has an ongoing business relationship with the Arbiter on which the Arbiter depends it completely undermines the integrity of the proceedings. It's like asking your Mother in Law to preside over divorce proceedings. How is this so hard to understand? If a company can force you into that regime, and has all the bargaining power in the transaction, you are not at the table as equals. You are cattle. You are meant to consume and remain silent. Any complaints will be ignored in the order they are received. You can say that IDEALLY the Arbitration company runs arbitration for many other companies, so is an impartial body in this case. Losing this ONE business wouldn't hurt right? Except their bills ARE PAID by your opponent. You don't bite the hand that feeds. It's why the public justice system "works". If arbitration is so effective, it should be integrated into the public justice system and funded accordingly. Otherwise, it's your Civil Rights being discarded by corporate contract lawyers. "Noblesse oblige". Or if you prefer the more modern version, "With great power comes great responsibility." It isn't just a "distortion" or quirk. It's a social obligation that goes a long way back. The new American billionaire would do well to remember that their state of privilege comes with a whole new set of do's and don'ts that if they were smart they would pay a good deal more attention to. The fact that many of the founding father's abhorred the idea of an aristocratic class developing is beside the point. If these magnates wish not to live under the microscope, them mayhaps they should look into actually doing something about the positive feedback loops they have exploited to get to the point they are at. I'm sure the labor force would appreciate the wage growth, and an end to under the table non-compete clauses, and forced arbitration clauses. The fact this question is even being asked is horrifying. It speaks volumes to the arrogance and greed running rampant through the highest echelons of our society. Things have been going downhill dangerously fast in the tech explosion of the last 30 years. Our society's technical capabilities have fast outpaced the development of a societal wisdom that leads to healthy and ethical outcomes in terms of governing how and when tech should be utilized. Should our off-balance society ever fall off the horse so much that even a half-hearted attempt is made to justify the theft of a man's right to his own mind in the name of intellectual property rights, I would wager things have deteriorated to the point where a metaphorical bullet to the head of whatever farce of a societal framework is in place at the time is warranted. I don't normally call out this type of post, as tit does not necessarily warrant tat. However, the previous poster did a good job laying down how things are supposed to work. I could point out that there are yearly ethics trainings at the Federal level at least that make it VERY clear that the type of behavior described IS, in fact, illegal and was made illegal due to it's prevalamce, and as far as I am aware, the laws forbidding this type of behavior apply equally across all three branches. Note that does mean the practice of "taking a Representative to dinner" would also be an ethical violation at least, and possible anti-bribery statute violation at worst. I find the frequency with which I hear tales of this type of behavior most disturbing. I have mixed feelings on this. On the one hand, I feel there is some fear mongering in it. The equating of transshipping with standing in a dark alley waiting for someone to conduct an illegal transaction is disingenuous. It is what it is. The concept of International waters recognizes that there is no one claimant with authority over the high seas. It isn't a case of a lack of political will. It's that any overt political will by one actor alone would be perceived as aggression by other major nations. International cooperation is essential difficult to build, and easy to have fall apart with the ebb and flow of popular sentiment. Trying to reason from satellite and AIS data alone only illustrates operational patterns. Not whether the operation going on at the time is illegal or not unless the illegality is provable by geographic presence alone. Anything that incentivizes non-participation in broadcasting a navigational aid is more than "appeal to possibility". It is a certainty that someone will eventually end up smacking into a shit running dark. It"s just like the Big Sky Fallacy. Yes there is a lot of sea out there, but there are a lot of vessels as well. This is good exploratory work, but I would look at getting boots on the ground in terms of joining up with fishing crews to weed out illegal fishing behavior before doing anything drastic that may jeopardize the integrity of an incredibly valuable navigational aid. Federallythis is the role played by the Office of the Inspector General, though they play more of an "inspect and raise awareness" role rather than the typical "pulling of the Andon" quality assurance role. I do think government may be benefited by an adversarial Quality Management process, but it shouldn't be reliant purely on inspection after the fact. It should have an involvement st all levels of the business of doing what government does if the maximum payoff via Quality management is to be achieved. Lets see: A) You don't own the product. B) The product will likely require more contracts to be signed than physical count of objects being handed over. C) Creates a new opportunity for an insurance submarket. D) Only looks feasible due to increasing centralization of capital E) Yet another attempt at creating a company based around a recurring revenue stream F) Absolutely stupid name G) Is reliant on poor technology use habit H) Doesn't really solve any problems for the end user Go home, tech. You're rent seeking again. Come back with an actual idea that solves a problem. The trend toward -- as a Service is really getting a bit grating. The -aaS bubble will pop sooner rather than later I hope. The prices you so wish to avoid are (or should be, barring destructive economic practices) temporary. Furthermore, things like 3d printers suffer from "tool markup" the idea being that if you're just looking to make a thing or two, find someone else who has them and try theirs out to see if it works for your use case. Virtual Reality hasn't really caught on in the non-industrial sense so as to have a large impact in the everyday life of a person. It can be invaluable for information rich design and analysis, and simulation purposes as well as entertainment, but the adoption is still in the nascent phase, likely held back by the price of the equipment itself, and limited talent pool. Could renting solve that by getting it in front of more people? Absolutely. In the same way giving out free samples of Cocaine/heroin to first time customers can. More advanced and efficient manufacturing of hardware, and increases in the flexibility and software utilized by the platform are the key to increasing uptake. It may look good on the surface, but if you dig down deeper, it only seems a good model in the light of artificially suppressed wage growth decreasing the buying and ownership power of a majority of consumers. If you want to make money off of expensive things, convince the market to pay people more. Don't rent seek. Now if we were talking Lab or advanced scientific equipment, I could see the potential. This company, however, wants to focus on consumer grade tech which is already nearing ubiquity in the market (iDevice, insert chiq brand here). You aren't doing anything but changing the tech purchase from a 1 time investment in a tool to increase productivity into a recurring revenue stream. Then you negotiate the cost of acquiring the devices with the person you're doing the work for. Odds are they will either have them available as you are not the first contractor they've hired, or you are, in which case you should be telling them that unless they intend not maintain whatever you make for them, it would be wise to make sure they have the hardware to develop it further. The 3D printing can be contracted out. Consumer grade 3d printers wouldn't be a wise investment in that case. You're doing business in VR/AR development. If you are going to be anything over a one-man operation, youshouldalready have multiple VR/AR sets for development and testing purposes. I appreciate the candidates, and can better appreciatewhere you are coming from. In construction, however, you have already transcended the "consumer grade" level of investment. You're now dealing with industrial grade equipment which is a completely different ballgame. Several of your examples somewhat contradict the stated intention of the company from my understanding. They were looking to break into the market for consumer grade cutting edge tech, NOT for primarily business level customers. The article paints a picture of a company not looking at other companies as customers, but the general public. If they intend to focus on the Enterprise level, your arguments make sense. Not so much for private customers. The niche they are trying to fill is a symptom of a lopsided economy, not a healthy one. Incorrect. Making weapons widely available is indeed compatible with respect for human life. A human life is worth being defended. One may disagree, but the right to self-defense is a natural, inalienable right. It seems to me to be a continuation of the pattern of labor 'Going Postal' in the labor hostile environment that has emerged since Reagan. This should be a wake-up call to everyone in the country. We can't survive without being able to trust and respect each other as human beings. Part of that is recognizing that even the most humble occupations deserve a fair wage and chance at advancement in life. If we can't respect the people who put in 8 hour days on our behalf and fulfill our obligations to them as responsible business owners/organizers, we are doomed to see repeats of this type of tragedy. People seek purpose, and many are content to do even the more "mundane" jobs so long as the compensation is fair. Too many places seek to be successful on Wall Street's terms rather than in providing a service to their community. I'm sure an MBA will surface and tell me I'm wrong, but I've not encountered a workplace that didn't marginalize their workers and generated a tragedy of the likes that has become a hallmark of the last 50 years. God Speed, Russell. May your death have not been in vain. [0]Going Postal: Rage, Murder, and Rebellion in America, Mark Ames It really isn't. I left the reference in my post for a reason. The fact is our society has a tendency to be unable to have meaningful discourse until someone provides framework for it. Just as the issue of Slavery back in the 1800's was fraught with the same types of rebellious antics and slaveowner hysterics, we're seeing the same patterns reserve at a time where inequality in the country has begun to reach a new perceived maxima. You're also seeing the same sort of outpouring of sympathy that many workplace shooters saw after they snapped, even from some people they shot. I'm not bringing the topic up lightly. I DON'T make a habit of bringing up the obvious or trying to find a way to turn things political. I've seen slices of life recently from the 1%, to teachers, to call center workers, to someone working the floor at a Tractor Supply, to an AM in a grocery store, to farmers, to the retired elderly for who the system worked. Every last one realizes that something is going amiss right now after a bit of time spent talking. Every last one feels helpless to change anything about it. In this type of environment it is frequently the mentally ill who are best able to perceive the flaws inherent in the System, and the most likely to ACT because of them. The 'crazies' in short, aren't the problem. The fact we as a society have normalized something so 'off' that even the 'crazies' are starting to get pushed over the edge by it is what we should be paying attention to. As I said, I was quite confident my post would prove controversial, but I felt it needed to be said, as it has been left unsaid for too long. Occam's razor says he most likely meant what he said. If a program errors into a non-recoverable state, and I see something in the stack trace, odds are it had something to do with the issue. He showed intent to send a message. The fact he was about to end his life just amplifies it. Of all the things one could have focused on, that stuck out? Hardly dismissable. He knew where his life was going either way. Either because he would have ended it regardless, or because he knew that doing anything drastic enough to hurt the "people" who he saw as the source of his hardship would forfeit his ability to live any semblance of a normal life afterward. That is... A horrible reading of that passage. It completely cherry picked and pulled it out of context. From the Today's English Version, Paul's Letter to the Ephesians: Chapter 1, verses 1-11 From Paul, who by God's will is an apostle of Christ Jesus-- To God's people in Ephesus, who are faithfulin their life in union with Christ Jesus. 2-) May God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ give you grace and peace. 3-) Let us give thanks to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! For in our union with Christ he has blessed us by giving us every spiritual blessing in the heavenly world. 4-) Even before the world was made, God had chosen us to be his through our union with Christ, so that we would be holy and without fault before him, because of his love. 5-) God had already decided that through Jesus Christ he would make us his children--this was his pleasure and purpose. 6-) Let us praise God for his glorious grace, for the free gift he gave us in his dear Son! 7-) For by the blood of Christ we are set free, that is, our sins are forgiven. How great is the grace of God, 8-) which he gave to us in such large measure! In all his wisdom and insight 9-) God did what he had purposed, and made known to us the secret plan he had already decided to complete by means of Christ. 10-) This plan,which God will complete when the time is right, is to bring all creation together, everything in heaven and on earth, with Christ as head. 11-) All things are done according to God's plan and decision; and God chose us to be his own people in Union with Christ because of his own purpose based on what he had decided from the very beginning. Nothing in there screams "poverty is an affliction God amounts on the sinner." You might get a hint of it around verse 14, but that verse is contingent on the Spirit granting complete freedom to the faithful. The entire section is a call to praise God. I don't know who this betterofchuck is, but he seems to have a penchant for cherrypicking verse to fit his argument. His interpretation is outright sickening, and bordering on the blasphemous. Also, America DOES tend to see destitution as a self-inflicted condition, but the main way in which disgust is usually elicited is by the perception of those destitute who refuse to find a way to better themselves. A central American value is to FIGHT for one's own liberty, not to grovel at the feet of others to have it delivered. This disgust can be elicited just as easily by the wealthy as well. Show me someone who makes an honest effort at lifting themselves up, and I'll show you someone living up to the American ideal. It isn't pretty, but in my life, THAT is how America has worked. Those that would dominate first seek to disarm those they would control. "Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to eat for lunch. Liberty is a well armed lamb contesting the vote." -Benjamin Franklin Make no mistake. The period during which our government was a tool of liberty preservation seems to be long past. I believe we may be well down the slippery slope to despotism Franklin feared so much. I pray I am wrong. This. So many people seem to be entirely blind to this dynamic. You can look at a business person and point out "You know browser fingerprinting is a bit like a salesman walking into a User's house and taking a bunch of metrics to send back to base before making a sales pitch right?" Then they look at you horrified by the mental image and say "But it decreases fraud!" The cognitive dissonance is delicious, but our obsession with the Market mediating the worthiness of anything to the point where ethical and moral violations are encouraged as long as they can be hidden is a blight on our society at large. Welcome to the wonderful world of software based rent seeking enabled by America's fetishization of technology, capitalism, and the insurance industry. I've worked on EHR systems before. Guess what the priority is? Well... Let me list what it isn't. It isn't A) encouraging industry level interoperability through gathering major stakeholders around a table and nailing out a spec. B) it isn't streamlining the experience, workflow, display, or data entry experience in such a way as to make front line medical personnel's lives easier. C) It isn't to ease the communication process between medical service provider and patient. D) It isn't to provide transparency, simplicity, or up front awareness of the cost of treatment. EHR systems have not, and will not ever be made for physicians. They are made for the procurement departments of major health provider networks and insurance companies. They will never do what YOU as a physician need it to. As a company product, it will only be customized in as much as it doesn't effect the ability of a software company to improve it's bottom line by selling to more customers. When discussing "Quality" of the software package,whether or not it actually helps you do your job better is secondary to "Can it integrate with insurers, and are we still maintaining market share?" I hate the software industry more and more every day. It isn't about implementing the right solution anymore. It isn't about empowering users. It's about creating technological dependence and maintaining the pain level just short of your customer going elsewhere. That is the dirty secret. That is why your computer feels like an enemy. That is why that wonderful portal to the world of the 90's has started to seem more like a portal to hell through which demons and merciless taskmasters reach out and suck you dry of time, money, and attention. The Personaal Computer is dead. The Digital Market Human Interface Device reigns supreme, and shows no signs of slowing down until we as an industry of software makers wake up from our generously salaried, and market force driven ethical, intellectual, and moral coma, and say enough is enough. More than anything else, I'm trying to figure out how to teach every last person how to code and understand computers. You CAN'T TRUST that a programmer that isn't you is truly operating with your interests at heart, because even we programmers, software engineers, and Quality people are enslaved by the tyranny of the Market. The computer can still empower you. YOU have to learn it though. YOU have to share in the suffering. YOU have to know enough to start holding the tech industry accountable, or that industry WILL carve you up and sink it's teeth into you as a recurring revenue stream. Think I'm crazy? Just look around. Pitch an idea for something to solve a problem, and watch how much time gets spent trying to make it maximally monetizable. It ain't about you. It's about good business, and if you don't like it, feel free to get out of the way of those that do. No. Because it doesn't change the fact you're hurtling along faster than nature could ever have prepared you for. Even worse, you're putting your faith in getting to where you want safely into some bored programmer's hands. Again, the more fundamental question being fought over here is who has primacy in the United States, the individual Citizen, or the "collective" Citizens. This is the primary danger that comes from blind adherence to Democratic/Republican principles. Letting the COLLECTIVE will filter down without bureaucratic checks and balances in terms of having laws expire and having to get reaffirmed as the population changes leads to a slow consolidation of power that goes unchecked to the Federal level. The Federal Government was not intended to be the hammer that gets thrown about all over the country. The fact that we're even entertaining the discussion that the Federal Government should be able to exercise such primacy in access to personal information is a scary thing indeed. It was never meant to be that pervasive. This country runs from the bottom up. There are ways for Law Enforcement to do their jobs without ubiquitous capacity to wiretap. The potential for abuse is simply too high. I disagree vehemently. Like it or not we need excellent educators in ALL the humanities. That requires people with deep and diverse ways of being able to teach HOW to do it in as many different ways as possible. That means we need more exposure to more people. Discourse is hard and demanding. Hell, being able to communicate and know without a doubt your message has been received is hard and demanding, but most people can't be bothered to admit it. The point I"m making is more along the lines that a slow consolidation of ultimate power at the Federal level is to be avoided. The "Collective" Citizen, represented by the Federal Government, MUST be limited in it's ability to intrude in the affairs of the Individual Citizen. Things like CALEA represent dangerous precedents and potentials for abuse that should require reaffirmation and consistent reevaluation in the light of advancing technology. We all want a powerful and responsible government, but we have to weigh the dangers and potential for abuse in the long run against the short term gains from granting a new power with little or no constraint. Perhaps I didn't express it that well. History, English, Philosophy, Communication, Anthropology, Archaeology, Art, Linguistics, Political Sciences... The cultural/gender studies I tend to lump in as subsets of those major subjects. I used to laugh at them coming from a Sciences background only to find that any advancement I could make filled me with doubt that the world was ready to use it responsibly. These fields are critical. We have no chance of being able to really breakthrough our major problems as a species without being able to understand what it means to be human, or even what the same damn mundane things look like from another culture or person's point of view. Trying to hand off something so portentous as something like halfway successful ubiquitous facial recognition to a society so poor in the humanities as our society today is like letting an infant learn to walk in a minefield. If we can't even coexist with the people around us without trying to strip everyone of civil rights, or getting into pissing matches about borders, we've got a long way to go before we start messing around with massively disruptive technologies with high social impacts. The recent social media fiascos and trends toward weaponized disinformation causing panic and hysteria should be evidence enough that we as people need to pull back and shore up the basics so we can at least ATTEMPT to try to reconcile the new avenues of life opened up by global interconnectivity of data and logistics with some of our more basic fears and prejudices to which we are ALL still subject. For heaven sake, with enough attention to detail, and a convincing enough Facebook profile, you can influence the sentiments of MASSES of people. It doesn't matter whether truth or lies... It gets said all the same. During Lincoln's time as President, he said something very poignant during the lead up to the Gettysburg address when he was staying at the Wills House, composing the Gettysburg Address. >"In my position, it is important that I should not say foolish things...[If you can help it! Is exclaimed from the audience]...It very often happens the only way to help it is to say nothing at all!" Imagine the horror he would experience to find out that we as a people have devised a technology that forces EVERYONE, not just one in a position of power to have to express the same torturous care in crafting our communications lest our "foolishthings" exact a cost through bloodshed or imprisonment? None of that can be done without good communication, understanding, and empathy for your fellow man. We all don't have to agree, and war will always happen, but Goddamnit, we should be able to formulate a better excuse than "It's the war on ". That can only be done with a thorough understanding of the ways we communicate as people, cultures, artisans, polities, etc. And EVERYONE has a duty to know this stuff, or at least be aware enough of it to keep themselves safe from those who would use it against them. It isn't easy, but it is the only way. Note: Farming in that manner regularly is not sustainable. Also, at a certain loss point, you might as well compost the crop back into the soil to contribute to next year's crop as fertilizer. That stuff is expensive. Hell, the entire economy makes no guarantees at being sustainable in the long run. The unsustainability period just shows all indications of being longer than a human lifespan, thereby making it easy for people to write off as not their problem. His point is the fundamental principles of fractional reserve are flawed, and the system will alwayssuffer from the looming threat of a bank run. It's rather disingenuous to say that people having money stolen from them isn't a problem when you have a system that cyclically chucks out an Enron or Sub-Prime mortgage crisis every ten years or so that typically ends up getting resolved on the taxpayer's dime. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. If you're going to downvote someone, prove them wrong. Ad hominem let's you nowhere. Also, you are right on Bitcoin though. It has a higher chance of someone just taking your the ball and going home, something any nationally backed currency has measures in place to prevent. Not being able to write perfect bug-free software is honestly a myth. Short of bit flipping due to environmental conditions, it's more than possibleto get an algorithm and state machine perfect. Look at the old landline networks. Look at vending machines. It's just HARD. No one wants to pay for HARD. Yes. Therac-25's problem did come from lack of defense-in-depth. That doesn't take away from the fact that Quality was sacrificed in the name of a cheaper production cost, and less time to market. The easiest way to get people to be okay with shoddy things? Tell them it's impossible to do better. Microsoft took that route, so everybody drinks the kool-aid. Even people who should know better. I'm not saying it would. I was using Enron as an example of a case where people ended up losing a ton of value in terms of life savings disappearing. Bitcoin if anything exacerbates the "poof' likelihood of value. You know what, give me a few days to do some research if you're genuinely interested. I heard about it from a co-worker who did work with the early telcos way back when. He's passed away, but I never actually looked it up considering that co-worker's role as my mentor and deep insight into computing history that checked out before. A leaky abstraction colors your approach to solving problems in ways above and beyond what is minimally needed to solve the problem at hand. For instance, when the author created an HAL instead of a specific problem specific driver, the HAL meant that he had to solve 2 problems instead of 1 The end product had to work, and had to be compatible with the HAL as implemented. The abstraction leaked. Just making the driver would have yielded a solution to the problem that would"t have required as much refactoring of old code. It's a way of saying he made more work for himself than was necessary. A very YMMV observation. The problem may actually be solved by a free market... But it has to have different optimizations. "Value" or "Quality" of a company has to stop being measured in unconstrained growth and instead measured in minimized externalities, while achieving your stated goal. Accounting has to become a hell of a lot more complicated. We're talking "keep track of your industrial waste product", possibly even having to take responsibility in some manner for dealing with it directly. There also needs to be some societal change as well. We need to Look at how we've stretched our supply and industry chains worldwide and start to figure out ways to minimize transportation and production costs. Competition may need to fundamentally change it's nature as well. Trade secrets need to be ripped out into the light of day. It's not a contest of out doing the other guy, but to see who can find a way to make the entire industry more efficient. Definitely a lot of change needed. That is for sure. Considering San Fran is already famous for hilariously spiteful and terrible zoning/real estate development practices, it isn't exactly surprising. Are the companies who got permits local? That may have factored into it. Also, considering the sheer hatred these companies and their business model inspire in me, I can't say it doesn't fill me with glee. If there's one thing I've learned about non-technical people, and law, it's that they know what they want, and they know when they are getting the short end of the stick. You can sit here and say Net Neutrality has nothing to do with this, but to the layman, there is nothing neutral about throttling traffic, especially during an emergency. It doesn't matter if by the letter of the law before this type of behavior would have been allowed. They see Net Neutrality rolled back, then an ISP holding firefighters over a barrel...WHILE FIGHTING a major fire. You DO NOT obstruct an emergency service over sixty dollars a month. You especially don't do it while the State is on fire. Verizon brought this on itself. "Customer Service" failure or not. This represents a major loss of public faith in A) the market to put the safety of it's host civilization first,and B) the willingness and or ability of the governmental agency intended to prevent this sort of malfeasance from happening. Don't get me wrong. I DO NOT like heavy handed government interference anywhere it isn't absolutely needed. I love a free market...With the caveat that the actors conduct themselves in a responsible, ethical, and honorable manner, and with due deference to providing the necessary aid to the area in which they operate in terms of protecting the ability of that area to even maintain an ability to safely host civilization. In case anyone out there is wondering, throttling firefighters isn't that. And if anyone else wonders where I draw the line for due deference: typically at the division between "this can completely render the area uninhabitable to humans" as opposed to "there are scary people here". (I.e. Fire, rescue, and Medical gets due deference. Law Enforcement can take a number and get in line due to the specific abuse potential). Wow. So that is what tyranny looks like. It sidles up to you, waving around lofty ideals and promises of safety, lawfulness, and the ongoing commitment to do what we all set out to do in the first place! Gee Golly Gosh! Just stop. This IS MADNESS. Burn the house down to save the children! Congratulations, Law Enforcement, and People of Earth! The Digital Age is here! And EVERYONE is invited to the empowerment! See them? THEY want to take it away! THEY say you can't be trusted! THEY need to hold the keys to YOUR power. It's sickening really. They think they can/should be able to put the genie back in the bottle? Too late. If you want to do your jobs, you already have your tools. Use them. Don't expect us or our systems to make YOUR job easier. This is without a doubt, the first step down a road to hell paved with good intentions. Mark. My. Words. That was Thomas Jefferson oriiginally actually. It was also intended as a soft limit to the number of laws that would be passed, as it would ensure that only the most important would generally be reaffirmed. No. Not as the root cause. I mean it's definitely a contributing factor, but only because of the axioms that drive our definition of a good company. The ideal company is seen as an investment vehicle that creates shareholder value. Full stop. We don't measure well performance of a company in terms of hiring people. Nor do we even measure it in how well they do what they are there to do. It always getsmeasured in value returned to investors. Investors are generally not laborers in this day and age. And any company that can make more long term by automating and dumping the need for laborers will. You can blame Automation all you want, but it's something far more basic that makes automation a worthy goal in the first place. And no, neither automation nor the incentives that make it desirable are "easy" problems to fix. I agree in principle to needing to continually increase quality. I do not agree that that invalidates my point against the dangerous optimization around shareholder value. The corporation is there to provide a service, good, or solution. That service good or solution will by necessarily differ for the most part from others in the same market space, thus creating competition over the capital moving into the space. Unfortunately, this is where the perverse incentives start coming into play. Eventually, you hit that point of diminishing returns as an actor in the market. One of a few things then has to happen. A) Downsizing, hyper-optimization, and automation to create the illusion of growth and ROI to keep the investment bucks rolling in. This leads to decreased employment, and if unchecked creates value deserts at a certain point of optimization. You end up setting the bar so high to break into an area, that smaller endeavors without some massively disruptive edge being managed by people not interested in being bought out stand a chance at being able to survive. B) You fail due to investors selling off your stock to reinvest elsewhere. Given enough sell off, you'll likely start seeing stock price go down. No one wants money in a company that can't grow anymore. The situation in B) can lead to C) Vertical/Horizontal integration. This tends to be risky, because you start bumping heads with regulatory agencies if you aren't careful, and the word 'monopoly' or 'oligopoly' starts getting thrown around. You CAN make incredible growth numbers by merging with the right things, but the network effects of an emphasis on shareholder returns and a minimization in financial payouts to laborers means a steady positive feedback loop is created, siphoning economic power to the people with shares, which is increasingly NOT the people working jobs. Eventually, there may be wealth transfer via inheritance from shareholding parents, but wages have been minimized for discouraging a large portion of the working population from buying stock. This can be exacerbated as new goods price starts to take into account that there are generally at least enough well off enough people to the not+well-off people where prices will stabilize on the higher end of the scale over time. Leaving people looking for cheaper lower quality goods they can afford now. This leads to a manufacturing race to the bottom. See current status quo with manufacturing moving to Asia. This can hold out only until some other metric starts to significantly raise the bar in terms of minimum cost to produce or transport goods. Which coincidentally, environmental concerns are starting to do. Once things start getting more expensive to produce, and the cost gets offloaded to the customer... Well... You'll have a bunch of pissed off people who can't afford stuff, hired or not. It'll take a long while. Heck, it's been what, 100, 200ish years, for our population to start getting to the scale technologically where we can even get a non-trivial number of people to even CONTEMPLATE theatre planet's capability to absorb our economic externalities is limited to within a few human lifespans. It isn't an easy problem. A lotta moving pieces. Mishap reporting or civil service work gave me that. It was nice to know that statistically speaking, that system has ensured someone came home who wouldn't have otherwise. EHR systems could use some definite TLC for making them more Doc friendly, but insurance has so consumed that vertical it's hard to escape them in terms of them driving them business requirements. You could look at expanding your horizons. Software CAN get you anywhere as long as you have the computer science basics so you aren't constrained to making web apps or some stuff. Embedded systems can get you neat places. Heck, logistics may even present some interesting challenges. Though, basically gonna reaffirm an earlier poster. Go Small Biz. Dat Paycheck from the big boys may be nice, but it is the little people I've always gotten the biggest kick out of helping. Even if it's something as innocuous as helping a grandma set up a prayer request mailing pipeline. It gives you the warm fuzzies. Break your dependence on Javascript and third-party ad networks. If the ONLY way you can make money is to sell your user's attention span, you're doing it wrong. Furthermore, people are willing to PAY for quality, but you also have to be willing to kick the 800 pound gorilla in the nuts. Google is actually one of the leading reasons why, from my understanding, normal news outlet's paywalls can't actually work. If you have to leave the barn door open because otherwise no one will find you... Yeah, you're in a bad spot. It's one of the reasons I'm increasingly moving in the direction of thinking that the ad subsidized web has pushed us into a situation where 90 percent of sites are mere aggregators\repeaters really only intended to grab ad revenue. Way back in the days of yore, it was more about getting your content out than doing a bunch of traffic with the rest of the world to facilitate botnet and monetizable surveillance. Use the tool for what it was designed for, (information dissemination) instead of stateful information gathering, and it's amazing how much you can get done with so little. Web 2.0 wasn't for Users. It was a breakthrough on the road to "monetizing" the Web for service providers. Further efforts to push implementation specific optimizations is just a Goliath throwing it's weight around, and trying to push the infrastructure toward a business favorable direction. Which is anti-competitive. Which is not okay. We ALL have a financial stake in the outcome. Furthermore, there are things far more valuable and costly at stake. Like Liberty. Freedom. Justice. You know, those things? Reducing the equation of politics down to mere financial stakeholders is how you get to the position the United States is in in the first place. I get that we all like to laugh about those quaint ideals, but it truly SHOULD be the first thing on a politicians mind. Also, EVERY Congressman has the option of retaining researchers who have the job of becoming experts on every topic imaginable. Never mind access to one of the most extensive libraries known to man. Expertise is easier to come by than you seem to think. A Congressman being spoonfed information by lobbyists without having his/her own staff doing some digging and USING their powers to subpoena is a Congressman in sore need of replacing. Nevermind that we don't bother enforcing statutes that make it a felony to lie before Congress. Not surprising. Software developers are one of the ultimate forms of throughput multipliers. Get the pixies in the box dancing right, and BOOM! Personnel load decreased! In a world being driven toward hyperoptimization as fast as she'll go, your developer is your growth source. If only you could get them to do what you want... Which is why they like pulling developers from countries where the cultural norm is to shut up and do what you're told as I understand it. It's also part of the bias towards preferring younger devs. Younger devs tend to be more pliable and "flexible" and don't ask inconvenient questions in emails that can be subpoena'd later. Always ask questions. YOU have to be the conscience of the industry, if you don"t, no one else will. And even if they do have "another guy" lined up. Be vocal. Make sure your view can't be buried. If it smells, ASK and DIG. Someone very well may not be telling you something. >It's hard to explain things to laymen, especially in subjects like economics, where everyone thinks they've got a complete understanding of the mechanics after watching a couple YouTube videos. The refuge of an expert who maybe isn't as much an expert as he thinks he is. Not saying that's you GP, but A) laymen aren't as dumb as you think, B) they don't have an incentive to obfuscate things to preserve or justify their status as an expert, and C) the field of economics suffers enormously from the curse of mathematics. The deeper you go, the less relevant it tends to be at predicting the real world. I recently took a month to start digging through a slog of economic theory to try to counter my own Dunning-Kruger effect in the field and had to stop because it just made me angry at the sheer scale of uncompensated positive feedback loops and reliance on statistical multiplexing that our economic system is built on. Any system that depends on all depositors NOT needing their assets back at the same time is fundamentally a scam. A system like Fractional Reserve which is inherently inflationary biases the entire system against those with the smallest and least inclined to grow income streams from the get go. Economics is difficult when you JUST look at money movement to facilitate virtual growth. When you start looking at economics as a means to an end to get PHYSICAL work or change done instead of just in the vacuum of a theoretical accountant's model, you can see some very disturbing trends in the direction things are going. And again, that's just from someone from the outside looking in who isn't relying on their economic expertise to win them their daily bread. Full disclosure, my research revolved more around the ways in which "conservative" (not political, but minimum risk tolerant) investment behavior incentivizes and guaranteed corporate behaviors which optimize for growth figures at all costs, damn the externalities. I'm becoming one of the people who thinks we've been doing things really wrong since about the 80's, but the foundations were laid long before that; we just didn't recognize it because humans generally suck at handling long period trends where the period is > a human lifespan, and labor had enough clout to eke out a greater chunk of the revenue stream at the "cost" of creating a slow growth economy in terms of capital gains by non-practicing investors (I.e. investors who weren't themselves laborers, but were living off managing their wealth's capital gains). Don't ask for data though, my day job has precluded me from being able to do the hard part of the research... (Actually doing it.) I at least think I've almost got the falsification criteria worked out though. Just need to sit down and figure out what data I actually need to give me a complete picture to reason from. If you look at some of the big executive minds that started to guide businesses in the 80's, you'll find such gems as Jack Welch, (a guy who created growth for the company by cutting over 100'000 jobs during his tenure at GE. This ballooned the company's net worth by decreasing overhead, while 'squeezing' as much work as humanly possible from the workers who remained, shunting the savings to shareholders). Or, Al "Chainsaw" Dunlap, a CEO famous for his "Mean Business" approach, and walking into a company, firing thousands, which would drive up the Stock prices by accordingly, and walking away with copious piles of cash from the savings of not having to pay the workforce. He was only able to actually DO that in the post-Reagan era, however, as good early attempts at doing so in the 50's and 60's were met with outright hostility from Unions and employees alike, up to and including death threats (not that I condone that, but keep it in mind to illustrate that Management had reason to FEAR Unions, and the collective mass of employees they represented). If you look at early 20th century Unions, part of the reason they were so successful was that they exploited network effects to overcome the advantages offered by the high amount of Capital wielded by Industrialists. You can't out wait your company, because the Union coffers are so small in comparison to what the Company gets from investors... Including those who have their retirement managed as an index fund (when such things eventually became popular). However, if you getting messed with by Company X suddenly caused the workers of Company Y to strike, who was a buyer from Company X, and so on down the line, you INSTANTLY force the management into a position where they HAVE to come to the table and negotiate. It also puts pressure on industry leaders to crack down on bad actors amongst their number, for fear of a strike cascading and enveloping them in drama because the bad actor was being a wanker. The Taft-Hartley Act, however, put an end to that. It illegalized the practice of secondary striking, lumping it in with things like jurisdictional and wildcat striking as an "Unfair Labor practice". While Wildcat and jurisdictional strikes were undeniably incredibly disruptive, and sometimes violent; a peaceful secondary strike was a way of sending a strong, clear message to abusive management. You mess with one of us, you mess with ALL of us. The Taft-Hartley Act, born out of the ire of a couple REALLY poorly timed strikes by Mining Unions in the midst of WWII, was the beginning of the end of the Golden Age of Union influence. The same influence mind you that made the Baby Boomer's general economic blueprint work. You got higher pay and better benefits through the increased oomph provided by collectivization. However, those benefits had to get paid out of somewhere. The market ended up taking the brunt of it. Growth numbers were there, and "reasonable enough" (it got most Gen X/Millenial parents where they are), but NOTHING like the numbers you started to see in the post-Reagan era. Those numbers that were achieved during that time were largely spurred through increased globalization/outsourcing, further degradation of the effectiveness of Unions through loss of faith by their members due to the tying of their hands by Taft-Hartley, and a successful anti-Union Public Opinion campaign by conservatives (generally). If you want to get what I mean, think about what a Union Shop is. If you think it's a shop that won't hire you because you are not in the Union, you are incorrect. It is a shop where by being hired you BECOME part of the Union. Big difference. Many tried to paint organized labor as the muscle pushing the common man out of a job, when nothing could be further from the truth. Globaliztion in particular had a dramatic damping effect on organized labor's ability to get things done. As Manufacturing and the likes moved to other countries, the Unions that kept pay as high as it was found themselves out of place. They couldn't influence what was going on overseas, and what good would it do for American workers, even if they could? Right now, you have an economy basically working for the shareholders. Which DOESN'T tend to include most new people entering the workforce, because the mentality to maximize those growth numbers to attract investment is first and foremost in the economic zeitgeist, and short of business coming back into the States, and Labor being able to reorganize successfully (which is still nigh impossible courtesy of Taft-Hartley shifting the bias in favor of the holders of Capital by preventing the exploitation of network effects) you will likely see the current economic trends continue. Namely, stagnant wages, increasingly expensive stock, goods prices continuing to increase outstripping wage growth, and capital continuing to consolidate in a smaller and smaller portion of the population. Give the book Going Postal: Rage, Murder, and Rebellion in Reagan's Workplaces to Clinton's Columbine and Beyond by Mark Ames a read. Also take a look into the history of Labor Unions in the United States. Wikipedia is as good a place to start as any as long as you audit your sources. It's a very OLD process that had it's roots as far back as the Industrial Revolution in the U.S. but every bit worth the time to read up on. Have you ever been stuck in a room full of really smart people? It can be a very dangerous place to be. Smart people are EXCEEDINGLY good at rationalizing just about anything. You can get stuck in a state where your discourse becomes like an Ouruboros, nice and circular, never getting anywhere. Occasionally you have to question whether or not your fundamental assumptions are still valid. For most of our country's history, even WITHOUT the post 80's economic zeitgeist to guide us, we did just fine treating worker's with respect, and a fair wage. We have transformed in the span of 30 years years into a highly polarized, economically fractured, industrially poor nation. Our political discourse has gotten worse and worse, and trust is at such an all-time low that we're doubting not just our government's capacity to lead and protect us, but also each other. I've met people from just about every side of the socio-economic spectrum, and even a few of the last remnants of the "Greatest Generation", who LIVED through the Great Depression. My thoughts have thus far been convincing to most with sufficient time to elucidate them. Something is FUNDAMENTALLY wrong. I'm not saying ALL economists and their economics are Quacks. I'm even somewhat fond of Taleb, if only because he is one of the few who had the courage to even DOUBT. The field, however, is due for a reckoning, and a reconciliation with reality,and the Unknown unknowns. As I stated in a previous post, there are too many structural problems built into the way our system works. No natural system can stay cohesive under conditions demanding continual growth in an environment with finite resources. It doesn't happen. Ever. Computing, biology, physics, mathematics, control theory, chemistry, anthropolgy, politics, logistics, and most importantly HISTORY has shown over and over again that while periods of massive development and growth DO happen, eventually, the inputs required to sustain it or the excessive outputs it generates overwhelms the operating environment's capacity to supply\absorb it/them. Something has to give. I'm not willing to auction off the only legacy I have worth passing down for the next generation for short term gains. Which is increasingly the direction we as a nation seem to be developing toward economically. It's my opinion, and a verifiable fact to anyone willing to even make a halfway credible attempt at tracing the steps that have led us to where we are now, analyzing the forces that were at play, and taking the time to try to LEARN from the trials and successes of the past. Don't just take my word for it. DO some research. Convince yourself. Don't leave it to someone else. I don't want a damn person to follow me on faith. Convince yourself, and go whatever direction you desire, but for the love of all that's holy, be honest. The info is out there. I'm willing to entertain my theories are wrong, as they almost certainly are, that's why it's called research. Why should the field of economics not be willing to entertain the same? Anyway. Certifiable crank signing off. See, this is the type of thing that really shows people's true colors. "But they're inmates! They shouldn't have committed the crime!" They're humans. Incarcerated at your will. You have responsibility for them. They can't do anything about it. "But criminals!" No cruel and unusual punishment. You sentenced them to incarceration. Not death by natural disaster. If it's bad enough for an official mandate to leave, it's bad enough to figure out the logistics. I love it when the real world suddenly faces trolley problems. Makes me feel all warm and fuzzy. Philosophy: what happens when "that'll never happen" happens anyway. But hey, you do you South Carolina. Just don't complain if things end up going badly, and your State ends up host to one of the most gruesome corrections system mishaps and constitutional rights violations of our Nation's history. Again: This is why computing is going off the rails, and computational literacy is critical. The computer belongs to the User. It's sole purpose is to compute, FOR THE USER. If your software is running on someone else's machine. And you want data exfiltrated back to you, normatively speaking, you should ANNOUNCE your intention, EXPLAIN it, and ASK for permission, this includes honoring their decision if they say NO. The industry has clearly been sliding down a slippery slope in which businesses have unilaterally decided that running THEIR software exempts them from having to respect the User. This is madness. If a society operated on the types of practices that are considered "appropriate" in computing, we'd be liable to label them as savages. Keep your interbusiness competition OFF MY MACHINE! (Thank God for Linux From Scratch!) #1) We've asked you before. So you have. My bad. Seem to have filtered it out since it pops up in places where I'm usually mentally filtering for relevance to the issue in question. #2) I stay away from Italics because they actually make reading more difficult for those of poor sight. This is counterproductive for making sure you can get the most important bits of your message across and if caught without my glasses, your italics are very difficult to see. Caps stand out, generally have thicker, or less visually ambiguous glyphs, and are immediately visually recognizable. I'd use bold, but the editor doesn't seem to support it through any syntactic convention I'm used to. I consider capitalization to be a way of making sure text stands out, as I've been legally blind for most of my life, and while I'm not as bad anymore, I'm painfully aware of the challenges people with visual impairment face, Therefore, Italics generally take on a less meaningful role in the context of emphasis for me, due to their ability to be more easily mistaken when being looked at. So unless communication is something fairly trivial, or an out-of-band thought, I generally use bolding and capitalization imstead. By the way, screen readers were not well known for reading out typographical characteristics, so often, a visually impaired person will have to figure out where it LOOKS like emphasis may have been in text. For more don't's to make your content consumable by the visually impaired, have a look at Section 508 Accessibility Guidelines, it should be trivial enough to Google. Have a gander at https://www.w3.org/WAI/ And even https://sw00000004.schoolwires.net/site/handlers/filedownloa... Or for that matter ANY guide on internet accessibility. Furthermore, I don't understand why you thinking it's yelling takes anything away from the conventional point of yelling, which is to... provide an auditory form of emphasis via audio signal amplitude modification. The changing of typographical glyphs, draws the eye to content (when said change can be discerned), and primes the mind that Thar be a point to be made here. Perhaps that is my own brand of social ineptitude, nevertheless, I do make a habit of questioning anything that doesn't make sense on functional and aesthetic grounds due to an interest in minimizing overhead in communication and minimizing the number of restrictions on the myriad ways people may attempt to express themselves. I don't want to derail the thread anymore, and despite this finer point of typography and content rendering in a way which is conducive to the visually impaired being a rather passion invoking topic for me, I assume everyone else is not here for that. I'd prefer not to have too continue, seeing as it breaks yet ANOTHER guideline. I'd also like to direct your attention to Eschew flamebait. Don't introduce flamewar topics unless you have something genuinely new to say. Avoid unrelated controversies and generic tangents. Be civil. Don't say things you wouldn't say face-to-face. Don't be snarky. Comments should get more civil and substantive, not less, as a topic gets more divisive. Both points which you (though you are doing it I assume in pursuit of the execution of your your duties to the best of your ability) are straying rather close to. Instead of providing a reasonable and substantive reply to any of the content in my original comment, you have quibbled over the way it was delivered, detracting from the quality of the conversation despite knowing the typographic convention was being deployed in a way reasonably discernable as conveying emphasis . So if you are a moderator, consider your message received. I will do my best to abstain from typographic conventions that offend your company's sensibilities to the detriment of my own personal readability without my glasses, and to anyone else's. Thank you for the link as well. I hadn't noticed the Guidelines on the bottom, again, de-emphasized textual prominence, being a bit of an issue for me. If you have any ability to escalate feedback, implement bolding and accessibility aids for the love of all the visually impaired. If you'll excuse me, I'd like to see what I can learn from other's input, I have largely tried to keep comments substantive and on topic. I beg to differ, especially in an atmosphere of rapidly intensifying sentiments of voter disenfranchisement and citizen unrest in the United States; particularly amongst many millenials. I believe it to be accurate to say that there is a party with a vested interest in making sure that Corporations have more rights on paper. I do not believe it terribly fair to make the assumption however that EVERYONE is okay with that. Good point! I stand corrected! It is a case of social etiquette. Do you go over to your neighbor's garage and use their mower without asking? Reroute their water into your system? Siphon off their power? (Which embedded cryptocurrency miners and unwelcome analytics and data gathering are a perfect example of.) Or use their cellular data, for that matter? I realize there may be a lot of dislike of this ethos as it may be seen as leaving money on the table, but fundamentals are only fine to skip over when you actually show a credible mastery of them in the first place. The tech industry's ability to ask before doing has been far from proven. It's only now that people have started to understand enough to realize just how much has been going on out of sight. That computer is there for them to not do with as they please, as another poster mentioned. Yes, there are a LOT of defaults people will just "go with" on the basis of path of least resistance. That does not absolve we programmers and software engineers to write well behaved, principled software that respects the sanctity of the user's digital sovereignty. A computer is a tool , not a playground for the first person to throw code at it. Attitudes in the vein of your comment aren't uncommon, but that doesn't make them right. The fact it has taken so long for technical literacy to get to where it is at is because most people have grown accustomed to the machine making decisions for them because it didn't occur to the programmer to present the option to think for themselves. Or, that saintly programmer wanted to, but got shot down in the name of UX and quick KPI boosts rather than creating an experience of the computer as a tool a user can do something with. So again, I beg to differ. They were there actually. Though in the older days the personal ownership of a machine was much rarer. These types of practices only started when people started fighting over arket share once PC's started to become more popular, and most of the people who were working on them were either too busy making cool stuff to complain, or being ignored as geeks. The Free Software movement, however, has been there for a long time. Just nowhere near as well funded. You're just changing infrastructure attack to industrial espionage. You calling it something else doesn't detract from the point that it's been done, and it was targeted at one country or another's infrastructure. Nukes don't deter infrastructure attacks. They ENCOURAGE them. Cripple your opponents ability to maintain his arsenal and coordinate his forces, and you could shift the odds of pulling off a crippling first strike immensely. Maybe I've been asleep for the past few decades, but when did it become vogue to implement corporate Stasi-like surveillance infrastructure? I keep seeing the sentiment pop-up that as long as it isn't the government building the dossier directly, everything is a-ok. Regardless of the fact that most nations have begun ignoring any claim of privacy being at stake by mere virtue of doing business with someone else. The lack of follow-thru on the sentiment, and the danger it poses to far more fundamental societal building blocks (good treatment of guests and strangers, trust, forgiveness, willingness to live and let live on an individual basis). Seems like someone's driving out on some pretty thin ice with one heavily laden forklift. Nevermind the behavior grossly violating classic human social norms. If I went to someone's door, and started rifling through their house and person to build up a dossier on them, before even bothering to say "hello", I'd likely be shot (not that I would blame them). Same thing if I made the presumption I could do it in a public space for my own self-enrichment (again, would not blame them). I'm a bit of a stickler for privacy in that regard. If you want info for your own edification, that's fine. If you start sharing it without my informed consent, free of such compulsions as "every actor in this sphere is doing it", I've got issues with that. Especially if a State actor is one of the beneficiaries, directly or indirectly. It's a really bad door to open that I'd prefer stayed where it belongs. In the history books. The controversy around privacy revolves around whether or not business you conduct with someone else should be considered YOURS. Companies don't want to maintain data that they don't have the capacity to unilaterally monetize, so they will fight tooth and nail to make sure the and rhetoric revolves around their right to collect data rather than the consumer's right to have the privacy of their transacted business maintained. Privacy is a very heavy word in American political rhetoric, because something becoming reasonably considered private suddenly obligated businesses to enact rather expensive data management regimes, and opens the door to a voter's nest of legal liability, and regulatory oversight. See HIPAA for a good example. You have to provide consent for information sharing, and the organization is responsible for maintaining an audit trail. There are also stiff penalties attached for failure to keep the information secure and protected. Needless to say, the advertising industry would likely implode overnight if something of the sort were to be enacted. Sites would have to eitherturn to alternative revenue generating models, or attempt to hold their user's ransom for consent to share with whom they wish. You don't get to throw those out and say you're not censoring people. "I'm trying to run a business here," is not an excuse to quash completely acceptable communication between people at work. In fact, if your worker's are incredibly divided on a topic, it may be time to have a good think about it. Not that you should have to. Citizens United was a farce in dire need of being undone. Either way. I get where you are coming from, and agree to a point, but enforcing a schizophrenic divide between personal and work lives isn't a very good answer either, and just creates fear amongst people that keeps them from speaking out when something is genuinely wrong. ... We don't really care what you say or do because we're going to collect the data anyway. But hey, at least we're honest! And you don't see reason for alarm? What exactly qualifies as reason for alarm for you out of curiosity? This...may sound silly. But... There is something to be said for listening to an Opera in a language you don't speak. It completely bypasses any part of your brain that tries to intellectualize, and just hits you in the feels. It's not always about status seeking, it's about getting away from the ugliness that pervades the world around you and getting lost in something beautiful in it's own right. I don't often enjoy 'watching' Operas, the visual context keeps me locked in the state of mind I'm trying to escape from. Only listening. Rare exception to the special treat of a singer belting out in a random spot on the streets. Just wanted to point out that not everyone looks at art as a social ladder, or even take the same things out of art that someone else does. I still call them toaster slots. Seems to me this is more a metrology problem than economic. They've decreased the sampling rate of the measuring instrument, and cut down on the resolution by cutting a necessary input, (operating funds). So it is a fairly foregone conclusion that a task which is heavily throttled by manpower and outdated infrastructure will lose efficacy, thereby generating lower metrics. I can see a couple different ways to handle it. Some incredibly controversial. A) Increase budget until we start seeing the point of diminishing returns getting out of hand. B) Say screw it, make returns public record, open access to everyone, and either crowd-source or deputize people on a voluntary basis to help sift through the data to root out the worst offenders for further scrutiny by the what few meager resources remain. Something has to give, and it is fairly obvious to me at least that the non-institutional taxpayer is getting handed the short-end of the stick. Plus, it'll give companies a taste of what having their "personal data" all agglomerated in one place in front of God and everyone is like for your piece of mind. No matter what happens, however, I'm not expecting much political will to actually remedy the problem due to a reticence to bit the hand that feeds that is industry donors. Read Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert M. Pirsig. You seem like you're trying to get back in touch with the idea of 'Quality' as it applies to life, and he does a good job at walking a reader through it. I won't bother going into what I got out of it, as most philosophy is best experienced without preconceived expectations Nowadays, you have to slow down. Most tech businesses thrive on shallow thinking to drive engagement, and try to tweak every little heuristic to "get a click" to justify their own existence. By all means, take a break, but understand as well that as a practitioner you are part of the problem every time you refuse to say no to some dark pattern B.S. I've started measuring every software pitch against my first set of Encyclopedia of the Natural World CD's from back in the 90's. No phoning home. No ads. No engagement metrics No dark patterns. Just an encyclopedia of 0's and 1's. It is amazing when you look at most software nowadays, and realize that a large proportion of it (especially on mobile) is trying to convert user->value instead of providing value->user. They aren't assuming. If you aren't radiating and measuring the return, you're at a massive disadvantage in terms of your sensor package. It's s bit like trusting a computer to drive at 70 mph on a pitch black stretch of highway it has never seem before. Enjoy overdriving your headlights and hitting a deer or something else. Tesla is cutting corners by eschewing a well-known technology that will increase the fidelity of their autonomous driving system. That is irresponsible. If you define working as "encouraging drivers to drive in a more disengaged state, while at the same time adding additional sources of hazard or malfunction for both the disengaged driver, and other motorists to be alert for", then I got nothing that'll seemingly convince you, as it appears we'd be arguing right past each other. Do. No. Harm. It isn't just for Doctors. You can't sit on the positivist side of the fence and say, "Bah, it'll never happen." It always does. When the cost is lives, you don't mess around or skimp. Closer to Perfection over pretty good is 100% justifiable in safety critical applications. In many cases, critical systems are redundantly reinforced. Look up risk compensation to understand why a half-baked solution is almost guaranteed to be worse. If you are still relying on the human to compensate for failures in a system in an environment where response time to live is measured in seconds, you might as well just have them being alert and engaged at all times with as few things to have to compensate for malfunctioning as possible. Another somewhat tangential demonstration of this is observable in nuclear reactor design, and utilising delayed fission product neutrons to attain criticality. This slows down the timescale over which things can go horribly wrong to the scale of minutes instead of seconds that would make avoiding prompt criticality highly problematic. The first rule of reality: Those who believe they are never wrong always are. Functional is a programming language paradigm. That's too high a level to think at when you are talking CPU's and hardware. There's no linguistic or semantic sugar on this level. Think assembly and lower. Remember, programming langyages, paradigms, and compilers are for you. Not the computer. It's all just 0's and 1's to it. Functional has nothing to do with how a computer actually works. It's a semantic convention employed by programming languages to assist programmers by offering an alternative way to mentally model what the computer is doing. Don't conflate that. And yet pre-supposes the availability of biomass to gassify. Even if that were part of the implementation, it'd likely be missing the point. No, don't backtrack. You hit the nail on the head. It is abuse. It is manipulation. It is deceit. Mendacity at it's most essential form. It's predating on a limited resource (attention) in an attempt to push out any other options by hooking you through as high a mental form of stimulation as possible. There is no need or excuse for that type of behavior. We just justify it because we've allowed an entire industry to spring up around it unchecked. Only halting that industry's ability to exploit unchecked in the most vulnerable populations after extraordinarily drawn out legal battles. Tobacco and alcohol are about the only two markets I can think if with explicitly constrained marketing practices. Gambling too, in terms of game design, which I still think is close enough in desired effect to be considered a marketing practice. Can marketing be a good thing? Yes! When the consumer is actively searching for it. In it's current form? It represents an unwanted, unwarranted invasion of privacy often foisted on users with no recourse. What does their business situation have anything to do with it? If I hosted 10 billion dollars worth of unrelated business functionality, then told you to provide me with access for widespread surveillance purposes in an unrelated vertical of your business, you would think that is justifiable? I beg your pardon, but what color is the sky where you are? Business doesn't work that way. Neither does ethics or morality. Profit does not whitewash societal harm. It may create other business opportunities to remedy negative externalities, but there is no guarantee that the nature of the harm inflicted has a profitable capitalism compatible remediation. This is one of those cases. The problem in my mind comes in when you look at what type of systemic abuse you enable by throwing "common sense" out the window. Suddenly, every chunk of 0's and 1's in the hands of an unscrupulous/ambitious/pressured prosecutor becomes a ticket to indefinite incarceration. For every criminal this practice may help collar, I see too much potential for and utility as a form of political and civic suppression. Someone being problematic? Have the geek find evidence of what might be an encrypted volume and order the problematic person to supply the keys to open it. Presto. Enjoy your time in the Klink. You can't let such harmful precedents stand. Heck, who is to say someone doesn't just write a worm to create small encrypted caches on everyone's machine? Does that then put everyone in a Spartacus situation? This is dangerous ground in which the courts are treading, and no less than 2 Constitutionally defined rights are in conflict. Personally, I prefer a system with maximum difficulty with regards to the cessation of Rights. A government empowered to ignore your Rights is well on the road to hell. There is a balance somewhere, but I am at a loss as to where it is at the moment. Where ever it is though, it isn't on indefinite cessation of freedoms just because the State has a hunch there might be something relevant they can't read. The web browser does not implement. It delegates. There is a difference. It provides a layer through which a webpage or client can access those resources, but it is not, nor will it ever be low-level. It sits astride the fundamental subsystems that make the computing machine usable. Don't get me wrong; browsers are impressive. Computers have far more that goes into them than network traffic rendering. Most people just enjoy the luxury of abstracting it away. This is a cop out to be honest. Just because you can make an airplane that works bereft of the working principles of a bird does not mean that the same fundamental principles of the biological system cannot lead you to further breakthroughs. In fact, all your analogy really suggests taken to it's logical conclusion is that we shouldn't look at a system already created to solve new problems. You could just as easily say "There is no reason to build a helicopter or hovercraft like a plane." At the end of the day, the same working principles are at work, and there is value to be found in the process by which the essential characteristics of one design are distilled and modified to give birth to another. A hovercraft can be inspired by a turbofan. A helicopter or or bird can lead one to the conclusion of fixed wing flight, just as the fixed wing can lead you to rotary flight. In short, it is a shallow person who stops looking because airplanes don't flap. Which is why of all of those the only one that does it remotely right is Linux. Developers and businesses in particular have grown complacent with flagrant and repeated usurpation of their user's expectations of privacy. It needs to stop. Passive voice. This is the type of weasel language that people try to use to make themselves feel better about what they did. Unless you cleverly redefine rejected to have some additional baggage, the phrase 'not selected' and 'rejected' are semantically equivalent. At least do the people you don't pick the courtesy of owning up to your decision. No. Computers aren't magic in that way, and we leave those types of decisions up to pilot's for a reason. With any advanced system, we use automation to decrease the complexity of a task by which to act as a throughput modifier by decreasing barrier to entry for safe pperatiom. If you start throwing in computers which fight the operator at every step, you'll start seeing people (1) move away from the system, (2) subvert the system, (3) start trying to make a buck off of selling systems they claim will fix everything, while not really dealing with the issue. Plus, computer vision just isn't there yet.you're talking about giving a machine the ability to integrate a whole lotus different streams of data and reliably making a decision to veto the pilot's instructions. I don't know about anyone else, but in the case I were hypothetically independently wealthy, I'd still be miserable based on the fact that the system was still stuck in a mode where doing something I'd done would be required. I don't believe "play or starve" economics are the be all, end all of human existence, but I'll be damned if I can figure out a way to make it work without just about everyone else being willing to " come along for the ride " as it were. Boiled frog fallacy. They won't be able to get away with it now , but as time goes on they'll start adding it as a voluntary option for a small discount, eventually ceasing to offer service otherwise. Auto insurance is already well into the process of doing the same thing with regard to diagnostics data being transmitted back home from Snapshot devices/driver's aids. Then why do they hold onto it instead of destroying any record after transmission? Because it's an asset, and they are there to make money. Not because they are doing it out of the goodness of their own heart. You can't take back information. Then the sit in was a resounding success. The fact you've used computers to magnify the effect of the protest to your detriment is besides the point. You set up the business, and arranged for automatic scaling ahead of time. This doesn't entitle you to some special protection because you never took into account something like that could happen. That's the risk inherent to technology. It lets you.scale. Even when you'd rather you didn't. Not really. It's more like a compiler, an optimizer/simulator, and compiler-compiler all pipelined in a circle. Seemingly random changes get incorporated into a starting binary that are selectively pruned/modified during the simulation/optimization phase, which generates a new compiler-compiler, which constructs a new compiler, which generates a new binary to run through the optimzer again. It's more in-depth, because I'm abstracting away the elegance of protein/enzyme selection and translation through biochemical/mechanical fitness... But it's all there. I'm just afraid of the predilection humanity as a collective has for not taking into account/being able to reason through higher order network effects. Our economic/environmental woes prove that anything approaching the periodicity of a human lifespan becomes extremely hard to analyze/predict in any meaningful way. It seems to work though... So some days I feel like I can't really frame an argument against it. It's kind of hard to argue that it isn't working when you have air conditioning. I know when I'm coding for me I don't because to me, tests don't solve the problem I'm out to solve at the time. I want this thing, over there . A test does not get it there. Now, once I'm done with getting that over there, then I look at it and evaluate my level of testing I'm going to commit to it. Some code, I can keep straightforward and narrative enough where even coming back a year later, I can pick it up and quickly move with it. Part of my secret to doing that is forcing myself to sit down with a saintly non-programmer, and talk them through it. If I can get them to follow, I've got it nailed down. If I can't, I haven't whittled it down to it's simplest incarnation. For all the other code... Let the test suites be written! Are you asking a rhetorical question? You sort of answered it yourself. And yes, there was always a push to decentralize. However, network effects lead to some nodes becoming more heavily connected than others until such time that the consolidation of resource in hypernodes starts to have unintended side effects that are deleterious to the system as a whole. That tends to intensify the push to decentralize, while damping pushes to centralize. Nature as acted out through man. This single post reveals more about how disconnected from reality corporate/enterprise leadership is incentivized to be, and about the state of bad faith overall w.r.t user's privacy than I think I've seen in a long time. Please tell me this is a joke. Parent post is correct. GP is incorrect. Constitutional Federal law trumps State law. See the Supremacy Clause. It's why actions at the Federal level normatively should be thought through and constructed extremely well. It obliges everyone to play by those rules once passed. In reality however, realpolitik tends to limit Federal reach. The poster's entire point was that all of them came from a desire to find another option when a reasonable alternative already existed. Excellent article. I've done accessibility testing for a firm before, and in general it goes like this: "Here's a JAWS license. Take a week, make sure the tabbing works okay. Don't sweat it, it's low priority." The thing that kills me is that for a while in my life, I was legally blind. I'm not now, but I was. I'd not had much experience with screen readers, but it was "eye-opening" in the sense of having to learn how to build a mental model of a screen without "cheating" by looking at it. It really is infuriating. Here's an example. Imagine a screen with three columns, each filled with a series of questions to be answered; some text, some radio button, some checkbox. Each column's state can have an effect on whether another column's state is submittable or not. Now let's run some tests at various visual/auditory fidelities: Full visual: works just fine. All fields and values can be read, screen reader isn't necessary/tends to be distracting. Error text tends to be crossreferencable based on visual cues. Partial vision: (I simulated visual degradation via forcing myself to read through a badly focused set of optics, my TLAR (That Looks About Right) set point for testing being when the image was distorted enough that text was no longer decipherable, basic shading/shapes were about the best visual information I was getting, and field focus information was only gleanable from text fields by holding down a key to dump in enough junk text to change the perceived shading.) Now's where you start to have to build your mental model from the screen reader. This is where someone who hasn't had to master screen reading starts running into pain and flailing about. Your brain tries to hang onto those text fields or exploit every trick it can to try to utilize the visual cues you'd tested with before. I actually had to force myself to let my aural processing take over. The first thing you realize is that everything requires a good deal more attention. You're much more dependent on tab order, and remembering where your interface "focus" is in relation to the information on the screen. Most error messages become nigh impossible to make heads or tails of without significant domain knowledge, because screen readers can't communicate visual trickery at all. If you're generous, you can assume a visually impaired person can pick out formatting tricks, but I tend to be more conservative and assume it's broken even for them. Full visual impairment: TLAR set point: What Screen? There is only Tab, and the voice in my head. In a lot of ways, using a screen reader is easier when you can just ignore visual stimuli altogether. Unfortunately, the specter of visually biased UI design still predominates the experience. You need to get to that question in Column 2 that can invalidate an answer in Column 1? Enjoy the tab spam. Or enjoy having to get intimately familiar with the decided upon presentation structure of the page if it's accessible to the screen reader. After a while though (and I don't know of this can be counted upon for those visually impaired or blind from birth), your brain will start to kind of generate a logical structure from the sound, and I found myself increasing the reading speed to just barely incomprehensible after some use, and found that I was able to make some sense, and speed out of the setup. The quick near incomprehensible overreads of the screen defined the structure, and a slower, more understandable read for specific content. Error parsing and crossreferencing was still a nightmare though. Overall, the tech world doesn't care for impaired user's except for the bare minimum required to still be eligible for Government contracts, and the bar for that is painfully low in terms of pleasant or intuitive experience for the user. As a programmer, I can see how some programmer's worst nightmare is going blind. No reading design docs, every architect diagram is suddenly locked away from you, and that screen that used to tell or show you anything you wanted is just so much plastic and silicon. I can guarantee that even the best Accesibility implementation out there is not delivering the usability the User is paying for. Time/money/practicality is only a cop out in the grand scheme of things dictated by a society that prioritizes the profitability of an endeavor over delivery of a thorough high quality solution for everyone involved. Accessibility is the Neglected Tropical Disease of the software world, and I see no signs of change to that state of affairs. The population of the severely visually impaired will always be at best treated as a "charitable gimme" on the road to tapping government contracts as a revenue stream. Designing for an effective experience would require too much overhead in the form of actually hiring designers to overhaul outdated and "good enough" visually biased layouts and workflows, as well as a body of experts who are fluent in the world of accessibility solutions, while also avoiding the bias of the unimpaired to adapt a solution that works for them rather than truly designing an experience that increases the productivity of those they are designing for. Trust me on this one. I've tried. I do not understand the mentality of "opinionated" frameworks or tools being a good thing, and the trend toward said frameworks disturbs me greatly. What people call "opinionated" is nothing more than something being "architected". Someone has made a bunch of decisions for you that down the road you have no idea whether or not it will actually be good for you. Using these types of frameworks short-circuits the process of being able to understand the nuances of building software. It's the apartment building or high rise of software development. It turns design of your system from a personal journey toward the solution of your problem into little more than assembling linking logs. I can understand the argument for an opinionated toolbox, but not for wanting base tooling itself to be opinionated. Don't throw out the baby with the bath water. Just be aware of invariants, and respect them. There is nothing wrong with a select * when working with an unfamiliar data model for initial rough development to get your head around the data path. Just remember to refine your query to meet your performance requirements. U.S. Government recordkeeping. The thing that kills me is that if for official Government purposes a Facebook page qualifies as letters/documents/personal effects/etc in terms of official business, why does it not receive the same treatment for individuals in terms of 4th Amendment protections. The argument of intent to be public seems rather flimsy to dismantle a central civil right guaranteed by the Bill of Rights. The level of double standard is maddening. Edit: While I am harvesting downvotes, I stand by my assertion.it makes little if any sense that our Government can acknowledge the importance of our Representatives to the public record and compel an open non-discriminatory pipeline of communication, yet cannot be convinced of the right to privacy extending to electronic files and communique for non-officeholding citizens. We agree that the government, and those elected as part of it, by virtue of their power and position are to be subjected to a higher degree of scrutiny in terms of the public's right to know what they are up to and to be heard . Note: avalue assignment has been thus made. We acknowledge positive value to a Representative being able to be conferred with. Yet, the value of not-being heard I.e. not having the government able to slurp up every last bit of meta-information/information about you just because it's been handed off to some third-party, is infrequently acknowledged legally. The tests for coverage generally are concocted around pre-digital notions of privacy, and come with an assertion of non-expectancy of privacy just because the content doesn't involve an envelope/bank deposit box/safe and does involve someone else's machine. These are two aspects of the same central issue. I.e. the citizens right to be assured an opportunity to be heard when they want to, and not eavesdropped on in the conductance of their everyday lives without due process. If everyone feels that's off topic, fine. But it stands out like a sore thumb to me. That smells like Hollywood accounting to me. Or at least abuse of tax law that locks away a potential asset for someone else in order to be able to get out of paying a tax. Admittedly, I'm still working on wrapping my head around the entire accounting thing, but in general, any material you acquire should be acquired with intent to do something with it. Unless this is some sort of economic "fallowing" technique. But I'm still not sure I'd buy any logic that tried to paint that behavior as anything other than glorified "domain squatting" on a community. Interesting food for thought though. Good post. http://www.dslreports.com/forum/r28362704-RFID-sim-cards-goo... https://patents.google.com/patent/US7784693B2 Neat read, and Godspeed. Not sure whether your theories on there actually being an infrastructure for doing these sorts of things is correct, but even a 5 minute google search seems to suggest it is well within technical capabilities to do so. Might do some more searching for ISO's and other Engineering standards related to them. Telephony is highly dependent on uniform technical standard adherence, so it's out there somewhere. I doubt that the RFID is in the plastic containg the card, it's probably in the card itself. The unusual coincidences should be pretty easy to replicate with a P.O. Box, and could be consistent with holding times for information propagation or authorization. Definitely seems like something to mess with if you are bored! You'll be amazed the things you can find out when you start to peel back the layers, but don't be disappointed if it's just a coincidence. Oh,no worries. I just think that SIM and handset manufacturer's are going the route of integrating NFC into handsets to support SIM stored payment credentials. I know for a fact it's a hot item in the FinTech industry. Odds are, you could get a generic reader to get a chirp out of an RFID even without the PIN/PUK card that wouldn't be present in any other package. IF I were an evil surveillance state taking an interest in mail borne SIM cards in ANY state (I mean think about this, if you could automate it, figuring out the networks of people who often send SIM's to each other in and of itself is a useful data point) I'd exploit using a small machine that can be innocuously placed on the sorting line to get that chirp. Biggest problem I imagine would be possible tipping off through damage caused to EMF/RF sensitive packages, but I've not really looked up the math or engineering involved enough to make an educated guess. Like I said. Interesting problem, and I seriously hope you're not right. That's levels of cyberpunk dystopia that just shouldn't be possible in anything remotely resembling a healthy society. How would a visual compiler even work? You can't really just skip the text layer unless you're willing to be married to one set of paradigms. Plus, what makes anyone want to bring mechanics into programming? Look at an internal combustion engine. That's your physical manifestation of visual programming. It's a bunch of blocks of different shapes and sizes fastened together to do a task. It is made no easier to grok without text. The people who can operate on such systems are called mechanics, and even they still need text to reference from time to time. Part of programming, and arguably where the Art shines through brightest is linguistic mastery through which comes the ability to visualize the System Under Work. I'm increasingly reluctant to try to teach coding primarily as opposed to computer science. Doing so robs the practitioner of that ability to perceive the visualization of what the code is rather than what the code actually reads as. To lose that perspective is to be completely out of touch with a program. It's just a bunch of words and desperate flailing to line everything up until the compiler stops complaining. Fighting a merciless djinn hoping that you don't get saddled with the unintended consequences of not realizing what it actually was you were doing. That's a copout if I've ever heard one. A few years ago, there was a game some adolescents would play where they would run up to an unsuspecting person person and bludgeon them as hard as possible to knock them out. There have been variants of the same pattern of behavior except involving strikes to other areas. It is absolutely justifiable to hate a person for engaging in a game that involves inflicting harm on others. This attitude to hate the game rather than those forcing it on everyone else just seeks to divest blame from the actors that perpetuate the malignant activity, to an assumption that "the game" is some mysterious standalone force that subverts the will of the participants and justifies their innocence. In short, "the devil made me do it" is not an excuse for poor moral choices. Lets take it even further. I have a game. I'm going to get all the lifesaving equipment I can, and open a facility. This facility is going to specialize in a particular type of highly asymmetric transactions, and I'm going to do everything I can to inflict the greatest financial harm I can, because gee, the way we keep score mandates I do so to keep the game going. It's a hard realization to come to, but as human beings and individuals, our collective behavior is dependent and a composition our individual choices. And for a not insignificant portion of our population, we have succeeded in allowing it to scrape together a world around itself where maybe it takes a week to explain the technicalities, but it doesn't take a layman more than an a 15 minutes to come to the conclusion there is something seriously wrong. This is one of those cases where rationalization has been left unchecked or unquestioned for far too long. To wrap around to the true meaning underlying your aphorism, which is diluted without context: Don't hate the market participants for participating in the market; but feel free to call out the hypocrisy of dealing in grievous financial harm in trade for necessary care. If you can't question or shame the actions of the ones perpetuating the status quo, you'll never change a blessed thing. Mrs. Bloom in Accounting is still a part of it. Even if she'd rather not think about it. There have been big waves as big distribution chains have started vertically integrating portions of the dairy industry. https://www.dairyherd.com/article/dozens-more-farmers-lose-m... https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna887941 It works for large scale operations, because they can use milk as a loss leader. That means they can squeeze producers for the lowest price possible, rendering margins so thin that you basically have to be a hyperoptimized producer to even be able to compete. It's an example of large businesses creating value deserts, and unfortunately, the political/economic climate hasn't been terribly up to the task of doing anything to slow or stop it. A value desert is the situation created where an actor corners and optimizes so much of an industry such that meaningful competition in that vertical becomes dead from the start. This puts the actor in an advantageous position since there is no rational reason to disrupt that vertical, which makes it easier to coast along as a major player. Google/Alphabet has been used as an example of the phenomenon with regards to the digital advertising market. Wish I could find the citation, but I think I first heard of it from an NPR spot. Not all are. Unfortunately, the need to unionize period is a sign that employers are neglecting the employee side of the partnership, largely in a never-ending quest for growth of shareholder value. No one WANTS unions. We would like to be dealt with individually in a fair manner. But when tithe business you want to employ you has an entire department intended to get you to sign on for the smallest cost possible... Well... Some union starts to look like a pretty good idea. Even if it does end up causing a lot of grinding since common sense goes out the window once lawyers and contracts come into the picture. With all due respect, that fails the weasel restriction test. When Douglas Adams writing can be said to be sufficiently similar to the number of hoops you have to jump through to do something, you have a problem. Quote related >"But the plans were on display…” >>“On display? I eventually had to go down to the cellar to find them.” >“That’s the display department.” >>“With a flashlight.” >“Ah, well, the lights had probably gone.” >>“So had the stairs.” >“But look, you found the notice, didn’t you?” >>“Yes,” said Arthur, “yes I did. It was on display in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying ‘Beware of the Leopard." When you have to go so far out of your normal mode of interacting with a device such that the User has to tear apart developer documentation to figure out how to do something with a device they allegedly own because the maker of the OS also just happens to be the primary disseminator of software written for the platform and would prefer that pesky developers would refrain from threatening their data collection/revenue model, there's a problem. All the alternative install paths fail every semblance of the non-techie/Grandma usability test. This is not acceptable. No one but the User should be in such a position of power over what can or should be runnable on a User's device. When you throw so many hurdles in front of a user to prevent them from executing their prerogative to run what they wish, that's called malicious engineering. Google/Alphabet is rapidly reaching the point where anti-trust mechanisms need to be brought to bear. This type of anti-consumer behavior was the same type of thing Microsoft was pinged for. Google/Alphabet should not get a free pass in this regard. Why is it acceptable to privatize profit, but socialize risk again? A company shouldn't have carte Blanche to pass the cos of it's incompetence and neglect on to the customer. If anything, they should have their rates frozen until such time as they have made whole all those who have been harmed. It is okay for companies to die. It should happen. Because at the end of the day, the human brain is wired to recognize "that could have been me", no matter how hard you try to rationalize it away. And at a certain point, it's guaranteed to be you. Not today maybe, but it will be your head on the chopping block. Keep in mind, just because everyone does it doesn't mean squat for is it legal or not. It means it hasn't been tested in the legal system, such that a judgement has been passed regarding legality. If somehow, the practice were found to be a key part of circumventing some large industry's means of controlling something, it could realistically end up becoming illegal once subject to legal scrutiny. It actually does, but for reasons not immediately obvious. The type of thinking the parent poster spoke of, where you are "not the player, but the operator" is a fundamentally different type of thinking. It's much closer in fact to the desired mindset of an actual statesman. Your goal isn't (or shouldn't) be to maximize the fortune you (as the operator) or you as the player after having made your changes as an operator reap, but to put in place a fair and equitable mechanism through which the collective needs of the populace (even when the populace is at odds with itself through stalemate or least harmful actiom) are served in a sustainable and resource efficient manner. Money is worthless if it isn't moving. In a real way, it's better for the economy if investments are made that turn out poorly, but reallocate funds to someone who will spend them since odds are that spenders transactions will lead back to your own coffers anyway. What you run into though, is an action economy problem. How do I spend potential billions in a way that it isn't just getting tied up in overly constrictive savings schemes? I.e. how do I get people paid so they can buy? This is the paradox of chasing growth. A company that pays it's workers enough to allow them to consume to increase overall market health won't be the fastest grower, but enables market growth as a whole. The economy doesn't need bubbles. It needs stable growth. Like baking bread. Not enough sugar or water, and the yeast can't make the bread rise. Too much capital, funneled through businesses optimizing for max on paper growth at the expense of workers spending power is the same as starving that yeast, since it's the spending power being exercised which fuels company revenues. The economy is rapidly approaching a sort of hostage taking situation. Capital holders want yield, but businesses want more capital, but can't deliver it because they're sacrificing their employees spending power to fuel their growth numbers on paper. If current trends continue to the extremes, labor simply won't find employment worthwhile. Automation has staved off the rate of collapse of, but in the long run, it can't replace everyone else and won't magically restabilize the system. If the reverser could rip the engine off the wing, it wouldn't be safe to engage on the ground. Just thought that was worth pointing out. A reverser only redirects thrust, and only generates about 60% of max thrust pushing backwards. It's only on for a limited time on the ground because under a certain speed, you run the risk of blowing FOD into the intake path, putting the engine at risk. I'm not aware of any reason to outright lockout a reverser in flight other than to hedge your bets against a very, very poor set of configuration choices by the pilot (reversing near stall speed too low to recover). I could foresee scenarios where being able to use reversers in the air could save the aircraft with the right combination of subsystem casualties. Not a pilot or engineer, but absolutely LOVE aviation. The difference isn't that large in the grand scheme of things. The engine mount would have to be able to fail in it's operational envelope in order for the reverser kicking in to be realistic. In fact, the reversed kicking in would decrease the loading on the aircraft by decreasing it's airspeed. This isn't a case of acceleration being able to break the mount from the frame. If it ever could, one wouldn't want it on the plane in the first place. Doesn't mean you couldn't ruin your day with it, but it isn't an instant catastrophic failure either. The poor decisions of developers in relying on the crutch of DNS does not somehow magically elevate IP routing away from being a telecommunications service. I can establish a completely IP based network infrastructure that provides valuable service to customers at broadband speeds. It wouldn't be fun, but it would work. That's inarguably telecom, based on their argument, because it wouldn't involve DNS. If you try to argue against broadband being telecom because it has an automated yellow pages, I don't know what to tell you except you're outright lying about the science, and attempting to perpetuate a maliciously narrow tooled definition in bad faith. Now that we bring up the topic, what the heck is an information service other than a service that serves information over a telecommunication line thereby rendering it a telecommunication service ? I feel like I live in a different universe from these people. Like there's fundamental rules or mechanisms I've learned about using language to render a shared experience/common worldview with others that are just absent in these types of proceedings. It has gotten to the point that when I read or listen to these types of things, what people aren't saying sticks out more to me than what they are saying. It's infuriating. Where is this 'public'? Is this the same group of people who keep expressing opinions that my rights should be curtailed? Officer, arrest them! They are intimidating me by their refusal to respect my human rights! It's kind of a slippery slope once you start trying to carve the troublemakers out from the public. That action can even be said to be incitory by it's nature. Perhaps the police should arrest themselves for being a walking intimidation tool for the majority? Dirty business that. If you're not interfering in a clearly criminal act, you are just acting as an intimidation force. Unjustified weaponization of suspicion can be just as harmful to a Law Enforcement Organiztion's legitimacy as unjustified use of lethal force. The criminals you avoid creating through mounting I'll will and despair from the inevitable taint of interacting with the legal system will be a net gain for society. I'm not saying without Leo's there would be no criminals; rather that continual nuisance and intrusion of the Systems in law abiding citizen's lives only serves to push more of the population toward unrest. That alone is enough to assure me my conviction to never support them beyond a token account was justified. ...though I may formally delete my account now. That's just... I'm going to be sick. That's Hostile Architecture if I've ever seen it. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hostile_architecture I'm growing increasingly weary of this type of offensive programming. I've never felt or understood the need to actively make something as hard to consume and process as possible. Again though, it really speaks to Facebook's view of their users: 'Look, but don't touch!' Then again, I tend to build by the maxim 'it is vain to do with more what can be done with less'. They are intended to accelerate a small projectile at high speed using combustion gases as the prime mover. I don't want to turn this into a political flamewar, but please don't assume malicious intent as the primary motivation for a tool's existence. That's like saying lockpicks are only good for burglary, axes for dismemberment, or knives for stabbing. Non-violent guns: https://www.navalcompany.com line throwing shotgun https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flare_gun Flare gun And blanks are used to sink things in concrete. It's a tool. It has a function. The function of the tool is independent of the intents of it's wielder. That does not solve the halting problem. The halting problem is entirely framed around making a program that can specifically compute whether another arbitrary program will return. Tests work because they are arranged by humans to verify the system under test for validity, but only for one specific system at a time. The halting problem is basically an admission that one is unable to write a test to verify arbitrary programs on arbitrary, Turing complete hardware. You must be 10% smarter than the piece of equipment in short. Killing something for taking too long or eating too much memory makes no substantive judgement on whether the computation at hand is ready to return or not, You (or your OS) just unilaterally made the decision that the computation wasn't worth continuing. I don't know why you arr being downvotes, but your understanding is consistent with mine. Although I still think the Instagram acquisition was at some level also vertical since one could argue Instagram was a more efficient delivery conduit for a certain subset of the population, and what Facebook was really out for was to pad their datasets. I don't believe so. Advertisements done right should be a passive consumption model. I want this -> bunch of leads for what you are looking for. Advertisements nowadays are focused around an active attention-consuming model. You have companies fighting for any in they can to get themselves situated at the forefront of your attention. There is really no excuse for it, and the dark paths attach has opened in terms of advancing surveillance technology, and harboring an insatiable appetite for as much information on potential buyer's as possible has frankly ruined any credibility or claim to benignity that I could be bothered to extend to the industry. I could even tolerate blatant puffery if advertising would just cut out all the 1984-tier privacy destroying behavior. I don't mind ads. I mind mental intrusiveness and privacy invasion 24/7/365. You see, Google exists because there are governments willing to acknowledge that they have a right to exist. It's the Zeroth law of the Economy. There's economic activity when you aren't getting shot at. If Google starts making sufficient waves that enough diplomatic pressure can be put on their host country to start tightening the thumbscrews, Google will be faced with a situation where suddenly a lot of it's worth and value start to disappear. If they start having to hire lawyers left and right due to scrutiny by the government or other governments, it becomes a less attractive asset to the market, and opens room for intrepid disruptors to replace their services. Google has 'won' by being willing to play ball. Once hard ball starts being played, make no mistake. Google will get tipped. ...and if it doesn't, God save us all from the paths that leads to. I'm pretty sure they won't be pretty. I stand corrected. Way to go Boeing. Seems like that should have come up in a design meeting at some point. Because it sets up an incentive structure for advertising businesses to engage in sweeping and intrusive data collection and user surveillance. The technology that results is nigh indispensable from the foundations of a panopticon. Algorithms can end up exacerbating echo chambers, and reinforcing negative biases many people aren't comfortable with. And it's just bloody creepy when you sit down and think about it. That's just what I could think of off the top of my head. I think I ran into something like this this weekend setting back up my aunt's family computer. They have a Deskjet 2541C, and after installing the drivers and having to click "No" about 20 7-10 times to indicate that no, I did not want to sign up or subscribe to any online services, I was cheerfully informed that her HP color cartridge she had paid good money for was apparently "counterfeit" and had to click through about 5 more portentous dialogs making this cartridge sound like a toolkit that would steal her financials before the bloody thing would even print a b&w test page. I could only get her rolling with black and white printing since the printer refuses to have anything to do with that cartridge, despite it being an official HP one. After looking around online, I noticed a few people ended up having the same type of thing happen, and apparently for the Mac folks at least, there was a generic driver out there that could apparently fix the problem that wasn't hosted on HP's site. I couldn't shake the feeling the terrible experience is meant to frustrate people into signing up for something, and this article finally answered what that something would be. Everyone is really, most just can't map their emotions to a mindshare or set of words which accurately describes the condition. You've got a large number of people looking at their lives and seeing that this whole system that has been constructed around them seems to do more to stifle any attempt at meaningful change or self-determination. Seeking a change of career outside of minimum wage gets locked away behind expensive licensure. Attempts to improve one's space gets locked away behind permits, and tax reassessment, and other bureaucratic hurdles. Looking back at history one can't help but feel a bit of envy that somehow our ancestors were more free. Or perhaps just less prone to despair due to a naturally more tightly bound worldview. I'm not making any comments on the objective truth or falsehood of historical circumstances, just pointing put that many feel helpless in the face of the sheer size and breadth of the waves and problems that can seemingly pop up out of nowhere at a moment's notice. This extends to the meaninglessness of work. You can try to advance a cause, say environmental activism, but actually end up being able to objectively measure that you're doing more harm than good in the process of being able to just get people to admit there is a problem. The scale of modern problems are just so large it seems like the only winning move is not to play at all, over and over again. It's not actually journalists per se that are the problem. They are the data collectors after all. You still have a source of coercive influence making the act of journalism possible. Editor's want a spin, networks want truth massaged to optimize viewer metrics, to keep the financials healthy, so on and so forth. Truth/neutrality is not highly incentivized in our current social structure. This is actually Standard Operating Procedure for Congress. You have a bunch of non-technically literate people in theory delegating the responsibility for educating them to an agency who is responsible for either rounding-up/hiring experts to educate Congress or to collate whatever required reading is necessary. I have difficulty understanding why this type of research isn't done by Congressional research assets though, which are free of the bias towards making operating easier which the Executive isn't. Congress has subpoena power and budget for research staff for a reason. They should use it. That is...incredibly depressing to hear. How is the legislature supposed to actually hold the Executive and special interests in check then? It sounds like the entire federal government has been neutered in terms of being able to actually do it's own footwork to guard against encroaching agendas.. This actually explains a lot, now that I think about it. I appreciate the comment, and agree with your viewpoint. It's somewhat of an interesting area of thought of mine as well. The difficulty is what counts as "outside" of the civilized world as we've built it, and if we found it, would we find ourselves in a crisis of the sort faced by Mr. Savage in Huxley's Brave New World? A natural man woefully equipped to survive in the unnatural world we've built around ourselves, but at the same time unable to return to living in a more natural state by virtue of what he'd become in trying to adapt? Natural man facing unnatural problems he is powerless to solve due to his maladaptation to the world he has wrought, yet unable to escape or return to whence he came. It's like some nightmarish Hotel California conundrum. I'd imagine the answer to 1 would be placing your corporation at risk of being sanctioned or dissolved within the jurisdiction in question. There could be criminal charges as well. If I recall, the U.S. crime of contempt of Congress is a misdemeanor, escalating to the felonious perjury if you show up and lie. Both are criminal offenses, and both based on England's Parliamentary power to hold people in contempt. 2. If you wish to benefit from the protection of nation's laws, you'd best be willing to give their legislative bodies the benefit of your time. The fiduciary responsibility to U.S. stockholders means doing something that could severely depreciate share/stock prices could open an executive up to legal problems as well. 3. Not losing the capability to do business in another country ranks pretty high on best for the company. Morally speaking, the pursuit of profit normatively should not jeopardize diplomatic relationships between allies as well, but I won't pretend to know much more about international business than that. Now if they'd just approve the engine upgrade... At this point, you're gaslighting. The procedure creates a means that can be exploited for fishing expeditions. The details of exploitability have been well enumerated in previously given literary examples. Every infrastructural/institutional mechanism we implement or allow to be implemented is an undeniable weapon . Just as some people may be nervous when others do something perfectly legal (walking around with a firearm), others get understandably nervous when others clamor in support of instituting new mechanisms to allow our civil institutions to circumvent due process. "Someone was here at a time" is not a justification in and of itself for the casual dismissal of what normatively should be a right: the right to be free of being surveilled. Does the jurisprudence provide for such a protection? No. Would it have an Earth shattering impact on the business world if such a legislation was passed? Absolutely. Should we pass it? in my opinion, yes, absolutely. We've spent decades experimenting and finding out what happens when no one takes a firm stance against these seemingly innocuous forms of data gathering. People build systems with little pieces of innocuous information which in isolation are harmless, but in aggregate allow a terrifying capability to predict and otherwise manipulate or outright harm an individual. Data aggregation protection must happen. We cannot allow the weaponization of data, even sanctioned, against our descendants, or we are as culpable in the erosion of liberty for them as those who came before us. No more. Enough is enough. You're asking the previous poster to answer a question he has already sufficiently answered. Rhetoric or not, it's the truth. While you may consider the literary sources he pulled from to be "BS", we've had more than enough precedent implemented in the last 30 years that these literary "cautionary" tales are instead of being used as a warning to not encroach on civil rights, are instead being viewed as instruction manuals for how to do so. I.e. Semantic/linguistic engineering, appeals to nationalism, declaration of 'war' against nebulous but never seeming to disappear enemies, silencing or suppression of journalism/access to information, and engineering of artificial socioeconomic classes. If you haven't read the books, and are just tired of seeing people talk about them, then I recommend you read them and take them to heart. If you have read them, and yet still consider them irrelevant, then I can only question your motives/ position and whether it is fundamentally dependent on slowly eroding others right to be free of surveillance, because in no way whatsoever does the implementation details of the government in the United States proof its' citizens against these forces which are very actively employed by parties foreign and domestic. I don't like to assume malice, but I find it absolutely mind boggling that anyone paying enough attention could not recognize this in good faith. It's just too painfully obvious. So, if you truly aren't gaslighting, please enlighten me as to how you're trying to do anything but undermine actually valid concerns through rhetorically underhanded means? Because I'm honestly not seeing it. >Repression is an opinion expressed in the op-ed that hasn't considered factors that are alien to the Western author's perspective. It's a given in the sense you describe, but a rose, by any other name is still a rose. I see no reason to not call it what it is on the tin, and this is exactly the danger that entrusting your genetic code to anyone presents. As a whole, our species is only as scrupled as the least scrupulous actor. Frankly, I'm not half as upset at China as I am the firms that have been compiling private databases of genetic material and then selling access to the data. A tracker is a script included as part of a webpage's content, often utilizing some combination of tracking pixels (an http request for a 1x1 image file from the tracking script's providers domain), a persistent cookie, and increasingly some form of browser/device fingerprint which is used to identify a particular machine. The user's machine presents back to the tracking network the cookie and a bunch of http params to the tracking provider whilst interacting with pages that support the script, which the tracker stores in a database to sell access to. It gives developers/businesses a way to collect metrics while offloading the trouble of keeping track of and maintaining the infrastructure to do so to someone else. Firefox will probably be enforcing a cross-origin isolation constraint, requiring that all material be hosted by the domain you're requesting from in the first place, which doesn't really fix the problem since people will probably just try to build ways around the limitation. Until the industry breaks itself free of it's current fetish for wholesale data collection, it's just going to be an arms race. Not very cynical when you're talking about a for-profit company that monetizes their users. You say that as if old infra problems are little more thsn a minor inconvenience, and not a ticking time bomb... I'm saddened it sounds like you've apparently fallen victim to a doctor who has more "important" things to do than see you. I've been in that position before, and have found that there is nothing more dangerous to society than a physician that simply can't be bothered. It undermines the credibility of every other practitioner out there, and makes the already non-trivial task of maintaining Public Health even more difficult. However, a couple points. A) Don't get discouraged. Tricare us one of the most widely accepted insurances, and I can guarantee there are physicians worth their salt out there that can help you. You might have to travel further than you like if you do have legitimate genetic conditions, but I can guarantee the extra travel will be worth it for the expertise. Many doctors entered the field for the paycheck, and will balk at difficult patients. If you are one, it is upon you to become an expert on yourself and find the physician who can work with you. It's tough, believe me, but the right physician is worth the trouble. B) Anti-Vaxxers: I'm not going to say you're a crank. When you've been burned by someone who purportedly took an oath to do no harm, yet is doing so through inaction and uncaring, you start looking for help anywhere you can get it. That's just human nature. Please understand though that distinguishing the hokey, and the harmful from what might be the truth is extremely difficult. Alternative medical practices will require you to be your own scientist, and I don't recommend approaching anything with blind trust. You have to become your own expert, which means figuring out how to read the few relevant studies the occasional researcher can cobble together the resources to do. But for the love of all that is good, don't buy into "don't vaccinate". It's one of the biggest public health threats out there. The diseases that are prevented are crippling, if not lethal, and can be easily prevented through vaccination. Don't let a medical asshat turn you off of medicine. It just means you need to look elsewhere. We don't set out to. Mistakes, however, do happen. Sometimes the cause is preventable, sometimes it's a lapse in protocol, or maintenance. Sometimes it's just a calculated risk. Sometimes we just don't know until after the damage is done. And sometimes we did know, but the damage gets done anyway because no one knew to ask the question or do the test, or were afraid of the repercussions of being the one to call out the problem. The military/government service is a whole bunch of things. Perfect is never and sufficiently equipped for the job at hand are frequently not one of that bunch. It's what makes work in those sectors kind of interesting when Congress can get their stuff together. Change the world on pocketchange. I took it a bit differently actually. No one wants to put in the work to knit together a shared reality anymore. Why put in the effort when the incentives reward blatant trek and lies as much as it does telling the truth. At one point in time, we put a much greater emphasis on integrity and telling the truth. In the last century, it seems like that precedent after precedent for not telling the truth, or spinning it into a form where it's just short of a lie. Tobacco, finance, pharma, big chem, big tech, our legal system, and even our government bakes in lying by omission into the basic gameplay loop. Where's the incentive to be an honest person when the only ones who seem to be getting anywhere are the one's who lie the most? I think the Internet has just made the problem so much more visible due to the ease of spreading information. At the end of the day though, to the gatekeeper of the status of "truth" goes the spoils of the war for the minds of the people. Scale. Your local suicide prevention feedback loop really only encompasses your community, and revamping that system is left up to the people most affected by it. (The community) Facebook/Google et al are everywhere, and are increasingly becoming everyone's problem. Google in particular has become so unreliable in terms of finding what I'm actually looking for without an overly specific query because it just has to push Google's idea of what they think I want, rather than what I want. Honestly, I'm almost to the point of starting to figure out how to write and provision the infrastructure for web crawling and search indexing just because I find I simply cannot rely on other search engines to give me a true representation of the web anymore. I think Computer Science needs to come coupled with exposure to a philosophical ethics sub-curriculum. I run into too many intelligent people who haven't ever spared a thought toward how to recognize "what is right? What is wrong?" Philosophy may not equip you with a concrete answer, but it definitely equips you with the machinery to look at something and recognize there's more to the question than some manager saying it's legit. Fine. Let's go ahead and assume that we have as much if not more integrity now than ever before. Is the point we're at peak virtue? Peak integrity? I don't think so. We're connected better than we've ever been before informationally, yet we find now that somehow, magically, every institution that's been put in place to get us where we are is insufficient. Schools don't provide children with a quality education (cheaply enough). The police are too prone to abuse (or not effective enpugh). Our legal system is completely stratified in it's capability to process cases (the poor take plea deals when they can't afford to fight, but corporations never seem to be able to be pinned down as having done anything wrong). Government officials can be felons, who can't even vote (Yet it seems like the number of felonies that can be committed increases every year). Our infrastructure falls apart and starts major fires under private management (Yet public management is out of the question because it is unfair competition). Everything we've got now got us where we are, yet it never seems to be enough to even continue to tread water. Why? W/o what have we lost? What are we not doing? The world has changed. Understood. Yet we're clearly in a state where there is no unified sense of direction. Talking with people, if you can manage to get past small talk, renders an image of a country that can't trust itself. I can't accept that our present day is functional. Even if the integrity I imagine of the past wasn't there, that lack of integrity was appropriate for the time and managed to stay low key enough to maintain some semblance of equilibrium with the environment. Now, the differences in the observable outcomes of events in the world seem to be becoming more and more polarized. The low hanging fruit has been picked, and all that's left is issues that seemingly can only be resolved by the application of overwhelming, global scoped decree. We're backed into a starting point from which change must happen that has been 200 years in the making, that has apparently blossomed into a historo-legal structure that takes longer than a human lifespan to parse. So we're stuck at an impasse. Either every decision up to now was right, and every axiom (be it statute, or legal precedent) built into our government is right, in which case every move we want to make from here is moot. We're already perfect. Or... Bad decisions were made, history stands as an example of what not to repeat, and we should be free to remold things such that an effective governance is reachieved and a more stable foundation from which we all can build our lives, and collective society into something as great to us as where we are now is to our forebearers. So what is it? Are we peak human, or just a bunch of people trying to make a world worth living in? I honestly can't tell anymore, but I can't accept we've hit the zenith. A local one maybe, but not an absolute by far. You're looking at it wrong. As much as I hate that hack Edison, he's right: you're reporting you've discovered X new ways to not solve the problem. Islam is mot the only religion which frowns on usury. Christianity for most of its' history condemned the practice, even if in modern times no one bothers to enforce it. It was quite a contentious topic. St. Anselm, and Thomas Aquinas both condemned the practice, and the only positive (in favor of contemplation) I can find in a 3 minute search were the musings of Cardinal Hostiensis in the 13th century which were never elevated to the level of doctrine. All in all, it is somewhat ironic that in the western world, a large part of the inner workings of the economy is predicated on practices condemned or otherwise historically shunned by the major 3 religions. Yes, yes, I know, times change, women can work and vote, slavery ended, and all that, but there's still value in understanding those pesky historical details to keep one in the present from shooting oneself in the foot. The main gist of Christian theological thinking though is that living on interest charged to others is immoral and sinful. Lending is a practice through which those that can absorb risk do so, with the hope of some reward come success of the venture. Lending only goes foul when the lender places their right to profit ahead of of their obligation to shoulder risk. My two cents anyway. Just wanted to second this. Experts should be constantly trying to work themselves out of a job. The most annoying thing I've come across is instances where I'm sort of backed into an intellectual as "the guy who knows X", where people fully capable of understanding X to act as repeaters refuse to do so. However, I understand the compunction at the same time. So I can't really blame them. That's based on the assumption that workers were being fairly compensated for what Amazon was getting in the first place . Hint: If you got a wage increase because of a minimum wage bump, you were probably being cheated in the first place. I don't really understand the mentality in the United States where physical labor to perform complex (unautomatable or impractically automatable) tasks are so severely undercompensated. We pretend that having another human being sacrifice 8 hours of their life, and the costs to show up is worth barely enough where at the end of the month, societal safety nets need to be invoked to stay solvent. It's mystifying. Is there something viscerally unpleasant to imagining someone flipping burgers for a living being able to afford to rent their own apartment, and be able to have enough to invest in bettering their lot? The economy is horribly skewed. Labor is getting repeatedly short changed in an infantile quest for "the biggest growth numbers ever". It's a problem that won't be solved until the labor pool refuses to play ball, forcing businesses to grind to a halt. Taft-Hartley or not, Labor is going to be making many large waves in the coming years methinks. There may be no 'society' anymore, bit there are a hell of a lot of people out there getting played. > If you keep buying the same product after a store raises its prices, you were probably cheating them in the first place. So. Good point, but I'm not 100% that that's a valid symmetry to assume. On the one hand, you have an industrial scale process to produce massive amounts of commodity with an efficiency that can't be replicated at smaller scales. This industrial infrastructure was iteratively built during a time when companies were more equitably sharing a chunk of the profits with employees, and has seen minimal innovation since we hit the 80's I bet. All today's giants are built upon those toils, and wrapped in a culture that has shunned any type of openness about compensation structures, granting an information asymmetry advantage to the producer over the worker. >Paying less than what you would be willing to pay if there were no other choice isn't "cheating". I might believe this if unskilled labor were making enough to be able to build up stock portfolios, and be able to maintain a cushion against potential vehicle failure/medical emergency, etc... I don't see that. I see costs skyrocketing in markets flush with "skilled labor", to the point where normal service industries are having their unskilled staff get priced out of local markets. See San Fran and the Silicon Valley restaurant problem for the most recent example I'm aware of. If you pay attention to your local area, you'll likely see the same forces at work. "Cheating" in this sense, is any behavior that skews success probabilities toward any one side of the population over another. I don't expect equality of outcome, but I do expect equality of opportunity. >Taken to its logical conclusion... You make the mistake of attributing to human societies the quality of operating through purely logical mechanisms. Humans have a capacity for logic, but are in no way bound to act purely in logical ways. To preserve the ability to peacefully coexist, it is important to be able to abide by a set of norms that are not only largely logical, but also take into account humanities irrational side. (Juries have final say in the American legal system for instance). In short, if you have a bunch of McMillionaires, surrounded by people who can barely scratch together a living, don't be surprised when your society can't come together enough, or muster the feeling of unity to thrive. Put even shorter: When the wave starts lifting a few instead of all boats, watch out; troubled times are ahead. Good food for thought though. Thanks for the reply. If the only way to play is to go through entrenched gatekeepers, who watches the watchers, hmmm? If anything this should be seen as a power grab by entrenched interests to have a cryptographic lever to pull to shut people out of what should be a user's discretion decision pre-emptively. Walled gardening at it's finest. Code signing is a bit like gun control. It really doesn't solve the problem at all. It just pushes it up a level, and makes things more difficult for legitimate users. It also lines up incentives such that the preferred model of software distribution shifts in the grand scheme of things toward for profit code. While code signing is a neat technical solution, it's still a technical solution parading about as a solution to a social problem. And the social problem it is a solution to (that of untrustworthy folks existing) is not in any way mitigated by the act of signing as mentioned previously. Does repaired in this context also include a successful in-flight test? At some point, the complexity of system integrations requires that you do something more than bare minimum component retesting. It's not fixed until it is fixed. I understand that with physical systems, the cost and complexity of detecting is higher, but if you're putting other people on the line, you damn well better do a live test of your vehicle before another living soul not certified as a pilot or flight engineer is allowed on board. The more I read about this, the more it appears to me that excessive trust is placed on filed paperwork. Nothing says a fix is done like a successful test flight that specifically attempts to recreate the conditions surrounding the original failure. This is what scares me about the push toward fly/drive-by-wire. At some point your designs start breaking into envelopes where the machine cannot be considered safe once the automated systems fail, making your pilot/highly trained human being powerless in the face of catastrophic system failure. An uncontrollable tool is not a tool, but a coffin waiting to happen. I don't think any type of "routine" transit system should be designed in a manner such that it so thoroughly overwhelms a human crew's workload that it should be so dependent on automation that it cannot be certified otherwise. To reword: if it can't be safely flown with the computers off, it probably should not be a design we allow for people transport. Markets be damned. When your margins include human lives lost, economy needs to stop being your primary optimization. Dollars should only be important after you stop being a corpse factory. The AoA sensor stopped being non-safety critical when it's output was allowed to drive a system capable of endangering the aircraft. I don't believe Lion Air is directly responsible; they didn't test flight it, but they didn't know they should either due to Boeing's poor communication of the functionality and justification for MCAS. It's a grievous failure all around, and yet another reason I stand by the belief that if there is doubt, there is no doubt. >why would you want to pitch downwards in a climb? Because due to the different shape and position of the nacelles, there are aerodynamic effects that cause the plane to want to pitch up at high AoA. If you are already close to a stall condition, and you were caught unawares, bad times would be had. The major issue though is pilots were left to 'just figure this out' instead of being informed of the change. I have a feeling Boeing felt justified doing this because they pitched it as a "reconfiguration" of an old airframe, not warranting any explanation. As with any task I've attempted that involves deadly failure modes, this should have struck someone as being a terrible idea. I think the problem is he wouldn't have recognized the behavior pattern that keys "runaway stabilizer trim" in the extra conditions over and above what is trained for a faulty MCAS activation would result in. If you're not aware of something, it takes a non-trivial amount of time to break out of your trained response envelope and to start thinking outside the box. This is a problem with many training heavy disciplines where the general response upon "hearing hoofbeats" is to think "horse", and only to escalate to the more exotic "Zebra" conclusion as facts demand it. While it's generally a better response, in time constrained situations without the benefit of foreknowledge, it can be quite costly indeed. The issue is that the system is necessary to make the plane self-certifiable. I.e. Boeing has to show that the aircraft is not essentially different in flight characteristics from the original airframe it was based on. This allows them to avoid the very costly retreating and type certification they would be required to do otherwise with a 'novel' airframe. Frankly, as soon as the Erodynamics changed sufficiently that a new automated system was required to maintain parity with older airframe's flight characteristics, I think the case should have been made for requiring a new type cert, or at least far more extensive change notification/documentation update requirements. It's hard to describe, but here goes. The Center of thrust is offset down and somewhat in front of the CG, this means high thrust imparts a pitch up moment. Small, but present. The bigger problem is the nacelles shape though, they create body lift at high AoA; imagine a vacuum bubble trying to suck the wing/nacelle backwards forming in the airstream, "pulling" them back. Combine both of these characteristics, and you have an airframe demonstrating near stall positive pitch instability. I.e. you get a moment that if left uncountered will reinforce itself until the plane ends up stalling; behavior completely unprecedented in the airframe. So in order to "counter" this behavior an automated system was introduced which supposedly restored the pilot relative flight characteristics in line with the old airframe's specs. I'm probably oversimplifying, but it's the closest I can get to a visualization that makes some sense. Ethiopian Captain had over 8000 hours, and the airline is a Category(right word?) 1 Airline, able to fly into and out of the U.S. directly. They actually have a stellar safety record. Just because it's Africa doesn't mean the operators were lacking. The effect I refer to as being unheard of in previous 737 hulls is the positive pitch instability. I don't want to repost the whole comment, because I think that's frowned upon, but someone did provide a link. My rather limited understanding is that the airframe certification path Boeing used was one meant for fast-tracked recertification of minor configuration changes of the same hull. The main idea being that the manufacturer need only prove that the reconfiguration meets the same or similar flight characteristic requirements as the hull it was derived from. This lets them produce/sell a technologically refreshed product without having to pass the rigorous testing normally associated with type-certifying a new airframe. The important characteristic of this is that the onus for this certification is left to the manufacturer. I do not know if the FAA actually independently confirms the recert is justified, or just plays it via honor system. Old 737 hulls definitely didn't have this characteristic onstability, or do-or-die reliance on functioning AoA sensors, so while I agree there isn't anything wrong with incorporating instability into a design to satisfy some specifications per se, I'd still contend that the addition of that instability should disqualify an airframe from being recertified as a reconfiguration of an older one, and should require more extensive testing/training before pilot's are cut loose on it. If anyone else has more accurate understanding of type certification, I'd be thrilled to learn the specifics. It's one sensor per flight computer, and the diagnostic indicator to warn a pilot of disagreeing AoA sensors is a paywalled upgrade. >To compensate and – this is critical – to maintain the same type certification, Boeing added something called MCAS (Maneuvering Characteristics Augmentation) which nudged the nose down by trimming the stabilizer (the horizontal bit of the tail) down (which pushes the tail down and therefore the nose up). You reversed that. MCAS is designed to force the nose down (that part is right) to counteract an upward pitching moment. That requires the leading edge of the horizontal plane to trim upwards, increasing lift at the tail, which pitches the craft's nose downward. I think. It depends on your optimization points. No people moved=no business transacted. Regardless, I don't find the poster's logic to be unreasonable. However, Boeing was additionally constrained by available engine hardware. It's just a whole Charlie Foxtrot of a situation. Planes can have multiple AoA sensors, and often do. An indicator which makes the pilot aware of divergent AoA sensor readings is a paid upgrade. Though I also have to agree, as soon as this sensor's input became crucial to determining operational boundary conditions, the system needed some rather stringent hardening. It's a bit like leaving your auto-scaling load balancing infrastructure exposed and getting upset at your AWS bill the first time someone DDoS's it to inflate your hosting footprint. >NTSB final accident reports, with findings as to probable cause and recommendations intended to prevent future accidents, are statutorily prohibited from coming into evidence at trial; however, NTSB factual reports are generally admissible at trial. NTSB investigations typically last for a year or longer. Just a quick Google there. Do note that the intent behind most NTSB reports being inadmissible in a trial is to secure cooperation from all parties in order to get an accurate representation of the problem that caused the disaster in the first place. That's not to say lawsuits or criminal charges won't happen, but those proceedings will not be able to use NTSB investigatory results to make their case. They will have to independently prove their case through other means. NTSB is not in the blame and punish game, and any civil case against Boeing will have a he'll of a time. Never mind that a criminal case will still be required to be levied against an individual at the company, and would have to prove criminal intent. There will not likely be a terribly satisfying legal remedy to this. Taking VW and the financial industry as a starting point for successful pushback against industry, I'm not expecting a terribly satisfying legal conclusion on this one. There will probably be a review of corporate culture, maybe some extra scrutiny for Boeing for a while, some token legislation, and maybe a charity fund for victims. Least that's what my magic 8 ball expects. The sad thing is that more than anything else, this is starting to veer into the realm of a philosophical question: Who is more eeliable, the instrument, or the instrument user? A machine can only be guaranteed to function on information it has. Same with the human being behind the yoke. The human by far has the greatest capacity as the only General Intelligence in the room, but technically, that GI's performance is limited by it's access to accurate information regarding the functionality of the tool he is using. Excellently put. The 737 MAX is actually proof that even in the modern day, a basic grasp of philosophical principles is relevant. Namely, being able to identify when a redesign of a plane becomes substantially different enough to no longer be the plane it was based on anymore. The MAX blew past that line as soon as the system layout changed such that the pilot's mental models were no longer capable of accurately predicting the behavior of the plane. > on MCAS triviality A system that takes an external input and directly translates that to control surface deflection without checking with or notifying an operator, is not trivial . The AoA sensor, previously largely irrelevant in civilian aviation as posted by an earlier poster, became a deadly concern seeing as a malfunctionimg sensor pumping inaccurate data to a downstream control unit with seemingly no way to validate or reject incoming bad data would respond just as happily to a reading 20 degrees off of where it should be. That this happened in a manner completely foreign to someone thoroughly experienced with a 737 just exacerbates the risk. Especially when said response is no longer overriden in the traditional response in old airframes. This is a usability regression, and should have been explicitly documented. You seem very convinced that MCAS is some trivial system when it is very clear physically and legally speaking that that +/- 2.5 degree stabilizer movement at the right time is what the air-worthiness certification is dependent on. > on re-cert as 737, and failure to train Just because the damn thing flies doesn't mean basic automation system architecture, design, and ethical principles stop applying. You do not make a decision for an operator/user and not communicate the importance to them ahead of time. Doing so fundamentally changes the nature of the device. To put it another way: >"If you change the working parts, you make a different machine."-The Protomen, Father of Death Or if you prefer someone a bit more established here's Edward W. Demmings view on it: >"Every system is perfectly designed to get the results it gets." From which comes the corollary: >"Given two systems, if one produces results irreproducible in the other, then the systems are not the same." > On Software that has the potential to kill people Has no one learned from the lessons of THERAC-25? How many more need to die before "hide interlocks in software and skimp on training" stops claiming lives? I fight the attitude that leads to these types of poorly thought through decisions every day in far less life threatening systems. Seeing it happen in such a high stakes industry just makes it all the more painful to have to endure. > on appeals to occupation/authority You don't need a pilot's license to connect the dots. You just need time, the right skill set and exposure to engineering in multiple contexts, and enough exposure to human social dynamics to realize that the MCAS augmentation is exactly the type of innocuous looking change to have slipped through the cracks. When you're in the trenches developing highly complex systems, you are in a highly faith based environment in the sense that while you are working from empirical measurements and simulations you have to have faith that all the relevant questions have been asked and answered. Engineers frequently discount the impetus of Sales/Business pressure, then turn around and don't question the deadlines those commitments made elsewhere, and accept the consequences thereof (I.e. questions not asked/answered due to time constraints). As I said before. I'm waiting for more data. Even if MCAS isn't involved, the above mentioned issues are gross failures of system implementation that need to be remedied or otherwise addressed. I'm not arguing it's one and done, but even if it turns out leprechauns swarmed the plane en masse disassembling it in flight, enough information has come to light that anyone can see there has been some serious ball dropping going down; ball dropping so serious that uninitiated customers are speaking out in discomfort instead of simply "leaving it to the eggheads". I am very vocal on issues like this. I have been told I have a knack for the highly technical subjects, the inquisitivenes to run down things I don't know, and a bullish propensity to follow the facts wherever they lead. I see it as my responsibility to ask and find answers to the questions others don't even know how to ask, and to present them as best I can so that others may understand and come to their own judgements. Hell, I even learn something every now and again. That, right there, lines up exactly with what I was afraid had been going on. I'm quite impressed with Brazil for doing their own footwork to ensure their pilots are well informed. I am abjectly horrified at the self-certification process the FAA has adopted, however. As someone who has spent a long time doing Quality Assurance, I've learned that Engineering often develops blind spots as a result of diplomatic friction with other areas of a company, and cannot often fend off potentially dangerous technical compromises without an adversarial force capable of stopping the entire show. Even with one, if that department is still answerable to the same overarching business pressures, there is still an elevated level of slippage and inherent risk. The FAA should never have allowed self-certification. By acting as an external quality control force, the FAA guarantees a decoupling of any financial interest on the part of the inspector, and actually acts as a unifying force against which competing airframe manufacturers can unite. It aligns incentives to keep the FAA getting better at design inspection/approval, and gets airframe manufacturers focused on making information relevant to certification as easily accessible as possible. Trying to implement that type of mechanism in house, or through delegation aligns incentives in such a way where poor or inaccessible documentation is encouraged to make any inquiries or attempts to prove liability more difficult. It also increases the incentive for the in-house inspector to "give-in" through social forces, and workplace dynamics. I recognize these types of dynamic everyday in software shops, but I'd never imagined it would happen somewhere that produced something that absolutely must work. The problem comes in where the MCAS use should be infrequent, unless the sensor is borked. In computing, we have a principle stated Garbage in, Garbage out. Circuits and electronics don't think. They compute. There is no error checking except that which is specifically designed and implemented into the system. If you're getting data from a biased sensor with +/- 10 degrees AoA, a 10 degree actual AoA (well within the safe operating envelope) suddenly appears to MCAS as a 20 degree AoA (oh shit territory). The system therefore engages doing exactly what it was designed to do. Thus is the crux of the matter. The pilot was flying safely while his AoA sensor was telling a safety system he knew nothing about that he was flying dangerously. The AoA system on earlier models of aircraft that the MAX was based on were a functional luxury/situational awareness aid. The flyability was not impacted by a horked sensor. That changed once they had to add a software driven mechanism to keep the flight characteristics similar enough with the old airframe to be able to release the aircraft to 737 trained pilots, and not have to worry about retraining. Maintenance and pilot alike both needed to be aware that the AoA sensor became a safety critical component due to a failure or miscalibration jeopardizing the controllability of the airframe. If they had gone through a full recert of this airframe, and not an expedited self-certify/grandfathering, these tragedies would have had a much smaller likelihood of occurring due to the increased scrutiny. Props on Brazil for doing their own footwork, and not blindly trusting the FAA's delegation to the manufacturer. Personally, as a software engineer and quality assurance specialist, if I'd seen anything remotely like this come across my desk, I'd be raising hell, even if it meant yanking someone into a VP/C's office and giving them a dressing down for skimping on a cross-cutting safety critical concern, deadlines be damned. No simulator accounted for a borked AoA sensor being able to nosedive the plane, or the altered aerodynamics from the different engine configuration. So while yes, runaway trim is a thing, the circumstances under which an error could happen are substantially different. For instance, a pilot could check the maintenance log book and see some work or inspection was done on the auto-trim subsystem. This would prime the pilot to be more on the alert for the possibility of trim misbehavior during the flight. Crisis averted, right? But no pilot would look at an entry for an AoA sensor being off or worked on, and would think, "Boy, better look out for that safety system I never knew existed that could cause a trim runaway because my previously airworthyness agnostic AoA sensor is unreliable." Flying and complex system diagnosis in time sensitive conditions requires extensive ahead of time mental model creation ahead of time. When all of your testing is in house, and you don't have people who are willing to put the project at jeopardy for the sake of doing it right, you'll be amazed what can get overlooked. If anything, the process of engineering is most difficult in that answering most questions tends to be straightforward (not easy, but straightforward once you know the right methods to apply), while figuring out if you've asked all the right questions is the thing that keeps me awake at night. If you don't ask and dig in until you've answered it fully, it's easy to get blind sided. I have difficulty believing it could have gone so horribly wrong now, but I can't deny that just from the information available, even if MCAS isn't the root cause of the Ethiopian Air crash, there is some egregious failures in sound practice going on with Boeing to have slipped up this badly. That's the thing with sound Engineering, when you do it, it just verks. When you don't... The solution isn't so much "more pilot trainimg". It's that pilot training wasn't done that absolutely needed to have been. A three page if even that description of the system, and it's inputs/outputs/controls should have been sufficient for a pilot to be able to build up a mental model to deal with a faulty AoA sensor, and modify their piloting technique to stay within a more conservative maneuvering envelope while operating the plane. Whether that would have been sufficient to prevent both disasters I don't know, but it sure seems like it would be a small trade off that even in the absence of any other system hardening could have made the difference between no survivors, and an emergency landing. This is a rather poorly thought out course of action in terms of the incentive structure created by successfully establishing precedent. Suddenly all carriers have to be liable for what is sent to where? A tool Tor/darkweb should be held responsible for an outcome entirely driven by the operator? It's a tragedy undeniably, but the fault here rests in one place, and one place alone. The parents do not appear to have established a strong enough rapport or the necessary discipline/incentive structure to equip their son to either avoid drug use altogether, or to at least be honest enough with them where the first time they'd find out about the behavior wouldn't be through a coroner's report. It is not the world's responsibility to be absolutely safe. Keeping oneself safe is a learned skill, and takes constant effort to instill in a child. No one should have to go through this. I firmly believe that, but there really isn't anything that can/should be done to change it without putting far more fundamental cornerstones of civilization in jeopardy. I know it sounds cold, but I do understand the pain. See the post mortem of the THERAC-25 debacle. The consequences of reckless software interlocks and poorly trained operators has been known for a long time now. Clearly it was for a not insignificant portion of the population given that mostly of what you described are and have been historically considered negative things. Prevailing morality of the time may have been X, but Y happening that is not X does not disprove the statement. Furthermore, if anything, your examples demonstrates that in a society that is based on trust and good faith to moderate interpersonal activity, the Liar is King. Until we start making life exceedingly difficult to the Liar in proportion to the damage they can cause, which I don't necessarily believe anyone has the civic/political appetite for, we'll be stuck in this never-ending cycle of problem creation/remediation ad nauseam to the exclusion of pretty much all else. It's a very mentally taxing train of thought to process through unfortunately. This is absolutely spot on. The default action of most investors will always favor the biggest players, which becomes problematic since it ties up money in an action economy sense to the people connected to those corporations networks. If you model a person as a decision engine, assigning a fixed number of decisions able to be made at a time, then investment leads to increasingly large amounts of capital decisions being delegated to fewer and fewer people realistically. Shareholder value optimi and minimization of liabilities through wage growth suppression over time create a divergent flow of cash away from agents willing capable of making decisions counter to the primary objectives of entrenched actors. You not being in a financial position to invest in a community operated grocer is a consequence of long term winner-takes-all market trends. The decision was made elsewhere and only percolate down to you after a long chain of financial transactions eventually terminating at your employer. It's a fascinating mental model I've been toying with, and trying to figure out what data I'd need access to to prove or disprove any merit to the supposition. Honestly, I'm surprised a false advertising case hasn't been pursued if this is the case. Marketing practices this inaccurate are well outside the puffery defense. So... Two planes falling out of the sky, killing 400 shouldn't be taken as proving anything? Or how about 1 stupid decision by a radiotherapy machine? Ever heard of THERAC-25? In each case, it was just 1 stupid decision by a machine. The entire reason Engineering as a practice is a thing is because when you implement the capacity for a stupid decision into a system that is then mass produced, dire consequences can result. I look down on any thought process that doesn't discriminate between the difference between 0 and 1. If the system provably worked, that decision would not have happened (0). The stupid decision happened (1), however, which means it can happen again at a poorly understood confluence of circumstances. To err is human, and we forgive each other every day for it. To err as a machine is a condemnation to the refuse bucket, repair shop, or back to the drawing board. To err so egregiously as a machine to cause an operator and those around them to lose their life is willful and moral negligence on the part of the system's designer. Slack is cut when good faith is demonstrated, but liability is unambiguous. The hazard would not be there if you hadn't put it there. Again. Systems required for safe operation of a device by a reasonably competent operator are not something you consider an option. It's cheaper and safer in the long run to just do the right bloody thing, since you get the whole economy of scale windfall. Required by reasonable/responsible engineering principles. If you add an automated system that has high control authority, which is fed data by a failure prone sensor, you add redundant information sources, compare/average out inputs and alert the operator to the possible technical issue. This is a well known engineering pattern. No one tells you to do it. You're expected to be able to identify when something is high risk and act accordingly. If you seriously believe that regulations change designs rather than codifying lessons learned the hard way, I don't know what to tell you, as apparently we start from two completely different sets of axioms when it comes to implementing things others depend on. The FAA are there to maintain a collection of lessons paid for in blood, and to provide a general process to follow which strikes a balance between manufacturers doing their thing, and the public's interest in not crashing with no survivors, and maintain a cohesive set of guidelines that govern the industry. An FAA inspector can't be looked at as outsourceable common sense for manufacturers and designers however. Due diligence starts at home. It is up to the people signing off and the engineers overseeing everything to ensure that design is safe, and all outcomes are such that the public interest is best served. Executives and sales be damned. Unethical engineering costs innocent lives. Dollars are (or should be) secondary in all regards. The fact this is even debatable demonstrates how much safety ethos has taken a back seat to economic factors in the modern aviation industry. What exactly keeps you from implementing a negative interest rate? I.e. some form of tax on held cash? Okay. I thought that was the case, and frankly, it's the only mechanism that even comes close to making MMT make some sort of sense, since that could act as a monetary black hole... I think. Um... I think you just kind of fell down a set of logic stairs there amigo. While your and GP posts were valid, this is a case of valid reasoning being applied to unsound premises in that a corporation is not granted these property rights through personhood, but via it's being a corporation. This is one of the things that makes me spit every time I think of conceptual train wreck that was Citizens United. Corporations were not meant to be people. They were logical constructs with just enough personhood to distinguish the economic institution from the people making it up in the eyes of the law, such that higher risk ventures could be more easily undertaken through pooling of resources, and distribution of risk. That means, it is a false assumption to think of a corporation as Person+. It's more a case of being a !Person. Frankly, the entire idea of property rights sort of breaks down in light of possession being 9/10's of the law w.r.t your own body. As a free agent, you can do what you want. Just... Understand the additional risk brought on by the legal system rapidly backpedaling away if you do something outside the few clearly established guidelines, and other people with no interest in testing potential legal waters that may destroy them will have very little in the way of external incentive to help you do it. One of the things most uncomfortable about a common law system is how precedent in unrelated areas can composite together to create a law where no intent to have such a thing was ever established. I appreciate the thought you put into this, but the naivete is his a bit off putting. Diplomacy is a game of liars probing liars. Everyone at the table will tell you exactly what they know you can prove, and no one tells anyone everything they can prove since that would give away valuable information with regards to their own intelligence and reconnaissance capabilities. It's a game in which every comment spoken by a Diplomat, Ambassador, or Head of State is scrutinized and cross-checked against every participating country's models. Outright deception is one of many tools that is employed, and even if Russia truly didn't have anything to gain from Trump ending up in the White House, they did get a chance to dry-run a potential doctrine against one of their biggest international rivals. The press was right to be suspicious, and the ethical shortfalls of the President and his administration only amplified the situation in terms of the optics required. Make no mistake. Intrigue happens. It's why diplomats love the phrase "Trust, but verify." My neighbor tells me they never let their dog defecate in my yard. Guess what? With not even that much effort I can find out that their dog is outside and unattended most of the day. (Means/Opportunity) I can infer they don't like to leash the dog, due to the frequency the dog can be found roaming the neighborhood. (Motive) I've seem the neighbors unattended dog defecate in other neighbors yards. (Precedent) I've even had to walk it home a couple of times as well. (more precedent) I COULD go through the trouble of setting up a bunch of cameras to catch it red pawed as it were, however, that's kind of a moot point, because I know the neighbor has the means, motive, opportunity, and a history of prior behavior. This is not only a preponderance of evidence, but in the absence of someone else's dog traipsing through my property, this could even be legally considered beyond a reasonable doubt. After reading your various replies, I just want to leave you with a word of caution: not everyone is worth trusting, even in the absence of direct proof. Especially if you can collect a preponderance of evidence that suggests that an action isn't outside their expected behavioral envelope. The biggest problem we face isn't a problem of unreliable sources, but a crisis of ease of manufacture of the blatantly untrue combined with an asymmetrical distribution of the necessary skills/tools to refute. We're still well equipped to deal with this type of situation, but it requires an elevated level of skepticism until we solve the problem of information provenance. If there is one thing we have, going for us, however, it is a large store of information recorded from times before misinformation was so trivially distributed and manufactured to work from, and the wherewithal to reason from it. Trust, I think, is going to develop into a completely different beast in the 21st century from what it was in the 20th. No, it won't. There is a non trivial portion of the population that will resist informational control attempts at all costs. Information is power, and it isn't always pleasant. The greatest failing of our time is the power we've built up to engage in institutional perception management. To deal with this sort of radicalization, hiding it in the dark is the single worst thing you can do. You end up lending it moral credibility through the Streisand effect, and amplify the "unjustness" in that person's manifesto from whatever craziness it was, and add on top of it "Oh, wow. The government is willing to black hole you as a citizen." I appreciate the logic behind contagion theory, but I reject the conclusion it leads to. Memes, like viruses can only be countered through a sufficient and omnipresent enough psycho-societal immune response. That means everyone needs exposure, everyone needs to process it, and if there are quote "vulnerable" populations, it's up to their immediate social circles to take care of business in terms of either A) rehabilitating them, or as a last resort B) informing authorities before anyone gets hurt. The hardware/software for institutional perception management has no place in a civilized society. The policies that encourage it should be met with outrage and scorn. You lift up your society when you can hold up the deeds of it's worst members and state "They chose this. They felt X way. How they lived led them and those around them to a grisly end. We will continue. We will thrive. We will not break. We will learn. We will care, and we will adapt." We live in a time filled with radicalism and distrust; the only way to get past it is to air it all from the rooftops, and rely on each other to come to terms with it's impact, and be able to discuss what it means while building a common worldview in the process. Change only happens when we can admit there is a problem. Covering our eyes doesn't do that. I understand a lot of people feel that by breaking such a taboo as resorting to violence should be treated with immediate erasure from the public eye, but the having to resort to violence is a message in and of itself, and will be a constant threat in a free society. Note that the free society should always be more important than the absence of threat, because safety only truly exists on the good will of a free people. Vigilance is justified. Denial and petty acts of revenge are not. Boeing is solidly at fault here. I have to preach the idea that networks and computing are not magic. While yes, I cam talk to people all over the world, the information I'm trying to communicate still has to be put in front of a person to be communicated. An aircraft company should treat information dissemination to pilots as as critical a toolchain as their supply and manufacturing processes. If your tool cannot be used safely, your job isn't done, no matter what your marketing people say. If it were a financial services, or big data cpmpany maybe I'd lend credence to the safety of leaving that out. Not aviation. There is too much at risk there. Flight is the equivalent of riding a bubble of air to your destination, which necessitates the continuous balancing of aerodynamic forces, facilitated by increasingly complex hybrid systems of direct human control and automation. At the end of the day though, a pilot/plane combination should be able to be salvaged even with catastrophic loss of piloting aids, even with catastrophic loss of integrity of the automation on board. Automation should make flying a plane easier. Not render pilots ineffective when it malfunctions or fails. An Engineer is not bound to produce squat for you outside of what you ask him to during his work hours. I encourage most junior devs to keep their projects to themselves in fact. Weaponization of patents ethically demands it. From reading about said company's treatment of this engineer in particular, they are simply reaping what they've sown. Marginalize your engineers, or try to catch them out with legal maneuvering (which is what most employment contracts now are intended as) when you first hire them to hedge your bets at being able to claim something down the line, and this is what you get. Edward Demmings says one of the keys to Quality is to maintain and foster An environment in which the craftsman's pride in his work can flourish. Blanket claims to IP and marginalized patents are not that. Liability is still clear, and in the specific case of medical practice, a degree of "we can't foresee everything" is implicit in that our understanding of the governing principles of the human body is incomplete. Aviation does not have that excuse. The 737 MAX 8 system description is enumerated from the ground up. Seeing as there was so much recertification effort that didn't need to be done, it makes the failure to properly handle the MCAS implementation all the more damning. This wasn't some subtle bug. This was an outright terrible design choice. Anyone with any experience composing complex systems out of smaller functional building blocks should have been able to look at the outputs, look at the inputs, and realize there was the potential for catastrophic malfunction. As I've said elsewhere, automation should make flying a plane easier when functional. When non-functional, however, the pilot should still be able to salvage the plane. That requires clear communication of what automation does, and what it's failure modes are. Please don't remain silent. Look, I realize that conflict aversion is becoming increasingly mainstream these days, but the single most valuable lesson you can take away from higher education is that everyone (including you) can be wrong, and that's completely okay. The thing that makes what we academically "know" so special is we've refined our understandings such that as many inconsistencies have fallen off through intellectual challenge and empirical proof that what is left has some modicum of predictive power. That can't happen without speaking out. It's okay to disagree. There is no more demonstrative state of our own capacity for ignorance than being in disagreement with someone else. In that state, two people have individual sets of data that lead them to their own conclusions, which if bridged in spite of being in opposition, either through evidence-based empirical reasoning, or rhetorical exchange enriches everyone witness to the exchange. You're quite literally bringing everyone around you closer together by building bridges capable of reconciling seemingly divergent worldviews. This is one of the key skills needed everyday as an adult. Don't look at it like you're doing something shameful, or inviting yourself to get hurt. Living the unexamined life does far more harm than any degree of existential crisis caused on the journey to acquire understanding. Sorry if it's a bit off topic, but hey, it's a trigger. More on topic, if the use of trigger warnings is actually causing students who don't have a direct need to avoid something to also avoid certain topics, that is highly problemmatic. No. They grounded it because for a large portion of the fleet, there was no indicator for pilots that would inform them of abnormal behavior by a safety critical sensor. Ergo. Grounded until fixed. Doesn't matter. The flight characteristics are still drastically different toward the extremes, and you never assume away the extremes . You now have to guarantee that every crew when faced with an MCAS disable situation that required piloting in a way that the MCAS would kick in can successfully mimic the action of the MCAS with only the manual trim wheels. I'm not saying that's impossible, but you'd want your aircrew to have sufficient training to be a stand in for the automation. From comments I've read, abysmal, in the sense the Quality people are told they aren't there to keep the plane from falling out of the sky, but rather to generate audit trail so that if a disaster happens, the cause is traceable. My personal approach to Software QA is generally more in line with the role fulfilled by a Systems Engineer, so I'm intensely uncomfortable having read Quality may be culturally interpreted in such a perverse manner. Funny thing about Quality is you find exactly what you look for. Start out making a system that only suffers traceable disasters, and you get a different product than one which focuses on not suffering disasters in the first place. Because the gear has to be stowed! The gear is retracted inboard, so lengthening was a non starter given the rapidly escalating hardware changes that would be required to the gear bays. Once you start changing the fundamental structure of the air raft, you also start weakening your case for a common type certificate as well. While they're is definitely a gap in the physical nature of controlling the two platforms, the fundamentals underlying both pieces of flying equipment are the same, and in most of the ways that really matter, there is no real difference between an MCAS like system on a Cessna vs a 737. [ waits for the multi-engine and fundamentally different airframe crowds to die down ] At the end of the day, strip out every system not at fault, and you have a pilot fighting a machine he isn't aware of the exact details of in terms of how it's response to various control inputs are translated to behavior of the plane. Any pilot period (and any honest Engineer) should be capable of recognizing the 737 and the MAX 8 are entirely different planes on a fundamental level. You may have made your comment in sarcasm, but it is kind of an Emperor's New Clothes situation going on for Boeing right now. When the laypeople can be quickly brought up to speed that something isn't fundamentally the same, yet you (the principal engineering firm) dig in your heels to insist it is, you've committed some grievous breach of public trust. While management is definitely culpable, aviation is not like most software development shops in that legally speaking, your engineers do have final say. If they don't sign, nothing ships. An engineer is expected to do more than acquiesce to management's demands. It is, in fact, an engineer's job to say "no" to any implementation plan that jeopardizes the public. There is a case to be made whether it is reasonable to expect an engineer to branch their scrutiny beyond what small slice they are given, in which case there was a failure at a higher level to distribute appropriate units of work such that the entire thing was thoroughly vetted. The problem is, that is extremely difficult to prove in a court of law, and it is not uncommon for high level management to hide unethical practices behind indirect communication methods without committing them outright to paper. Call me a romantic, but at some point, as a bunch of engineers on a project, you need to be able to fully grok and model the entirety of the system as a whole. It seems that level of integration would have brought these problems to light much faster, and without the bloodshed. I can't imagine that work not happening unless it was being actively discouraged. If one or several engineers had pushed back, or a manager been thinking more about product quality/safety rather than delivery/profit, that work may have been done, and we wouldn't be talking about this now. I can think of many ways that achieve the same goal. Yes, most require re-cert, as they should. Trying to make an old tool do things it wasn't meant to do (see: Internet w.r.t security, 737 MAX w.r.t. engine placement) has a compounding effect that very rarely works out as well as a clean slate design with the right compromises in mind. This is an example of a tragedy of the commons. Market forces found a solution to a problem (for one actor) that externalized long term costs for the sake of sealing a short-term deal, that in the end, was not guaranteed to stick around. There is nothing about a "Software Engineer" which precludes them from achieving a grasp of the finer points of physical engineering disciplines. Finite element analysis, error propagation, systems analysis, statistical process control, mechanics of materials, and all the other equations we've come to rely upon are equally applicable by anyone with the wherewithal to learn to learn them, and are in fact, more likely to be picked up by someone who spends 80% of their time learning "the next tool". In short, while I agree many software engineers may be in possession of an inflated sense of competence, there are many who are legitimate polymaths. This makes appeals of the sort you assert less than useful in the pursuit of substantive conversation. I say drastically different because no one pays the complexity tax of increased automation to deal with something that isn't important. In this case, to the certifiability of the airframe. I understand your caution against overstating things, but I'm not trying to be hyperbolic. If you think about the consequences of doing basic maneuvers in adverse conditions (weather/load/engine power conditions), you rapidly begin to get into areas where what seems minor would get into uncharted territory without a working MCAS. It is a different plane in terms of manual flying. The automation non-withstanding. It doesn't take substantially different training beyond recognizing that one is applying a different tool in a different environment. It's all programming. Different patterns, stacks, and pressure to test? Yes. Fundamentally the same work loop, however. I'd advise against raising one level of endeavor over another. It seldom produces substantive or useful conversation. Succinctly put. Ship it! Because the A320neo can fit the engines under instead of in front of the wings, thereby negating the nacelles contribution to leading edge flow separation. Doing the Right Thing would put them on schedule . This isn't some stupid race. This is making a machine that can safely be flown. The market doesn't need a risk profile that drops plane loads out of the bloody sky Because a company pushed their people into hiding things from their customers. I'm normally all for free market optimization when it makes sense, and all actors act in reasonably good faith concomitant with the magnitude of lives they are endangering. That didn't happen here, and the regulatory agency responsible for making it happen was powerless to do it's job to stop or raise a red flag on it either. By no definition of sound risk assessment should this plane have flown without training. Period. Boeing failed its job at being a trustworthy corporate citizen in a high-impact infrastructural industrial vertical. Honestly, I'm not sure how to get over this one. I don't believe some sort of fine and move on is really sufficient in terms of contrition. It won't bring those people back, and it seems a bit too "cost of doing business"-like to successfully act as a deterrent to future malfeasance. Breaking up maybe? Clearly competition in the sector seems to have devolved into a duopoly to some degree. Yes, my mistake. Stated the outcome, not the action that gets you there. No, because the air frame would not have been certified for airworthyness. The criminal investigations would single out the employees, undeniably, but I'm not sure that would necessarily set up the right incentives, seeing as the next act of malfeasance would just be more likely to come with more CYA attached, and chilling effects on new, innovative research could be disincentivized. In my estimation, a culture change is critical. There cannot be an attitude that sees airworthyness certification as something to be gotten around. There cannot be a tolerance for short cuts. The project isn't done until it is done. A baby takes 9 months as it were. Perhaps review the practice of type certificate grandfathering? Seems like if anything, any new plane, even if based on an old design should still have it's own type, even if most of the data is the same as the old one. Prove negligence as the facts allow, keep a thumb on Boeing until ample evidence of cultural improvement has taken place, and possibly tune up the regulatory framework to make sales oriented pitches like "no-retraining required" less likely? Or at least define some degree of modification that legally requires pilot/operator retraining? Then just let the legal system resolve the remaining civil suits? I don't think the entire company needs to be rendered no more, but a line in the sand was crossed, so I believe regulatory escalation is in this case both warranted and justified. Time is the fire in which we burn, understood. That's why we learn things. So we can predict things, and save time. There's 75 + years in your lifetime. Even auto-didactically you should be able to sift through everything in https://www.engineeringtoolbox.com and use that as the starting point to build up some deep dives into authoritative literature. When you can start to accurately predict outcomes, you're on the right track. You'll know you're in the right neighborhood when you have an increasingly hard time tolerating poor models of reality, and start drifting off thinking about how easy it would be to make that thing if you only had the tools. Happy adventures in the wonderful world of Math! (Don't forget to read the Ethics handbook, and if you want to do it professionally, take the FE, PE, and never forget the iron ring!) Has the Overton window shifted so much that the idea of a somehow successful company that produces 0 positive value by selling a completely fake product is legitimately humorous or an appropriate subject for levity? Perhaps my sense of humor is broken but I find the fact that jest was even made quite alarming. I'm used to playing word games, and taking refuge in audacity...but damn. Rationality, and specifically the exercise of it, rationalization, is a double edged sword. Smart people can rationalize their way into horrible things. An act being rational alone does not magically elevate it to the status of being correct, or as an . Like an argument, you can have valid reasoning, but if that reasoning is from a flawed premise, the course of action cannot be deemed to be sound . The type certification could have been a non-issue with proper communication. That didn't happen because someone at Boeing made a terrible call, and persists in asserting they've done nothing wrong, when the fact of the matter is that the error is so obvious in it's nature, that the rest of the world is capable of piecing the failure together even without having seen the actual data, which as it comes out, proves to only be reinforcing the case against Boeing. Maybe it isn't enough to stand up in a court of law...yet. Everything that has been publicized thus far, however, paints a picture where criminal negligence is looking more and more like a foregone conclusion. In short, rationality be damned. Someone made the irrational decision that the upside of getting to market sooner by cutting corners was worth risking 300+ innocent lives. People who put their faith in Boeing that they did their due diligence as required by law of executive and PE alike. I agree with you ReptileMan. It isn't somehow beyond the human mind. Only a human being would put a financial windfall ahead of ensuring the safety of eventual passengers, have the decision blow up in their faces, then dig in and insist they did nothing wrong despite evidence to the contrary. The corporation will be fine if they can manage to maintain goodwill. I don't envy those involved with approving the MAX however. This is very illustrative of where Boeing's attitude comes from, and furthermore should make very clear that regulatory capture of the FAA is indeed a clear and present threat. I can now say with great satisfaction, that my small collection of individuals whom I steal from in the pursuit of healthy quality/certification practices just got a little bit longer. I take my hat off to this gentleman for all his hard work, and his tenacity in the face of pressure from industry. He is an example of how adversarial certification and testing is meant to work. You have to be willing to be the brake that holds up everything until the job is done. If not you, some poor sod down the line who hasn't anywhere near the expertise you do gets to pay the price. I also found it interesting that Boeing has a history of "overselling" planes. Forgot which one it was, but that one really stuck out at me. I understand that companies change with the people composing them, but I still see indications that a sense of cavalierism with regards to regulatory compliance, a willingness to pressure regulators to get what they want, and a dangerous tendency to overstate the capabilities and understate the poor behaviors of their aircraft aemre still alive and well today at Boeing as part of their corporate culture. This is not the hallmark of a company you entrust self-certification privileges to. The last thing that stuck out is the unwillingness of Boeing to admit there is a problem with a design, which Davies attributed to Product Liability law. This practice clearly needs to be addressed. I'm not sure how exactly, but as a society, we cannot afford for our institutions to be incentivized to stuff their fingers in their ears and do everything in their power to keep from acknowledging a problem they created. We as a people, and our Government, simply do not have the bandwidth to counter the evasive behavior incentivized by Product Liability. The law doesn't need to be repealed. However, we need to reevaluate whether the law is doing what we need it to since this perverse incentive to act as a 2 year-old and ignore all the facts of the matter until someone else has dug them up independently needs to be addressed. I'd like to point you here, https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19527543 This is an interview with D.P. Davies, a test pilot of the Aviation Review Board of the UK. He faced many of the same arguments back in the 1950's with regards to the certifiability of the 707-300 I believe, but nevertheless rejected it for non compliance. In that case, even if the plane stalled itself, it would immediately pitch back down, making it a "benign" aberrant flight characteristic. However, as he successfully argued, certifying that plane as is would set a precedent Which would deteriorate the overall airworthyness of airframes over time as the goal posts were allowed to slip further and further away from what was required by law. We call this Normalization of Deviance, and it's an Engineering firms favorite way to get people killed in high profile ways. I am far from the best example of a person who doesn't exceed the boundaries of "rules" when they keep me from getting something done, but once you have the thing done in a non-compliant way, it is absolutely imperative to bring it back into compliance somehow or ensure every stakeholder (regulator/customer/user alike) is aware of the exceptionality of the non-compliant piece, and owning it in whatever capacity is required to get the job done safely. Creators, designers, manufacturers, etc are given a great deal of leeway when it comes to doing things; part of that is the expectation that you know the rules you are breaking, and you are making the best effort to either communicate or remedy the non-compliance. Don't know as it will change your mind, but I hope it makes where I'm coming from clearer. Not so fast! Any ethicist or philosopher who claims ethical or moral superiority in day to day conversation is a bit like the Buddha you cross paths with during your lifetime. You brutally murder him, and continue on the road to true enlightenment. What exposure to philosophical and ethical studies does for a person is to open their eyes to the fact that, guess what? There's more than one way to look at ethics, and none of them is necessarily any more correct than any of the others (Except whatever one appeals most to the student, which may change over time). It also equips you with a framework for beginning to articulate and come to grips with the unknown or inarticulable. It allows self-examination and can lead to fairly non-intuitive discoveries over one's lifetime. In short, it doesn't justify being a smug arse about anything, and you could live life without it. But honestly, where's the fun in that? What is it with the fetish for inflicting Truenaming in cyberspace? It's incredibly annoying. It needlessly bloats digital footprints, and it creates an opportunity for exploitation by nefarious actors. Leave the Truenaming to the User's that need it. It doesn't do any good being baked in by default. If they really need it, they'll figure out a way to implement it. If they definitely cannot afford it, and aren't aware it is there by default, you are doing more harm putting It in than you would be by leaving well enough alone. The Ethiopian captain had extensive experience. Also, the captains were fighting the trim in both cases until they handed off to a junior pilot to try to figure out why the plane was doing what it was while not presenting as a classic trim runaway. I'll concede they should have communicated better at the hand off, but let's not pretend this was a textbook case of trim runaway. They were "behind the plane" since MCAS wasn't documented in any training material. Your post is a classic rhetorical tactic known as "attacking the delivery" you did nothing to really refute their point. My sibling post also posits a reasonable alternative explanation. The FAA also has a lengthy history of certifying planes on the basis of "equivalent level of safety" despite having characteristics that violated airworthyness regulations. See the 727, 707, and several other Boeing offerings that were rejected by the ARB in the UK. D.P. Davies is the primary source. His interviews are archived by the Royal Aeronautics Society. No underhanded motivation here. Just wanted to set the record straight. Which is completely useless unless you also lock them out of the western financial system. The lack of physical presence isn't that big a showstopper anymore. Throw in an inability to exercise financial clout anymore though, and things will rapidly change. There likely isn't much political will for that though, and I'm fairly certain it could only come after a period of weaning the economy off the luxury of cheap as dirt manufacturing/shipping. Because the government never asked permission? Yes, destruction of government property is a crime, but widespread deployment of surveillance dragnet is a far more clear and present danger to everyone. It's one of those rare cases through which the government, by doing something, has made the place less "safe" for what? A bit of security? Boulderdash! If anything it's yet another test case on how far total public space information dominance can be pushed. It's a social engineering ploy that needed to stay in the pages of a book of speculative fiction. Actually, the engines don't need to be on for the problematic behavior to manifest since the extra lift at high AoA is a direct result of the geometry of the wing+nacelle. Yet it is still Boeing's refusal to assure that the requisite information ended up in front of the pilots. The manual must be sold with the plane and it must be accurate, containing enough information to instill in an average pilot an accurate understanding of all safety critical aircraft systems , which MCAS, through Boeing's failure to reclassify during certification, wasn't acknowledged to be. Boeing doesn't get a pass, and the Ethiopian Air pilot was just as capable if only a bit less informed. If you cannot safely deploy your product/documentation, then you aren't done. Boeing should have known and recognized that. The certification process is meant to be proof against a failure like this, which goes to show that there are deeper problems in the organization that need remediation. You are correct. The parts of the flight envelope where this is a problem are very high (approaching critical) AoA, or in a very tight, highly banked turn. These would not be maneuvers I'd imagine any pilot engaging in without engine power except maybe in the most dire circumstances. Bold move. If it were an American company, they would have been open to violations of the CFAA. I'm surprised Britain doesn't have an equivalent. For any aspiring hackers or InfoSec types out there reading this: Never, under any circumstances exploit a system you have not gotten express permission to. The underlying fault unfortunately isn't 100% a Boeing problem. There are airworthyness regulations that specify how a passenger plane is to behave near stall that have had a precedent set where non-compliance can be remedied through flight envelope driven interlocks. (See stick-pushers and other piloting aids). Engineeringwise, the airframe was still not compliant; the airframe would still manifest aberrant behavior, but the action on the controls combined with a type certified pilot was considered enough to mitigate the problematic aerodynamics. This practice, fortunately or unfortunately depending on who you ask, effectively normalized deviance, and short-circuited the protection offered by that airworthyness regulation. It went from being clearly spelled out to "or equivalent level of safety" which opens the door to all sorts of workarounds. The alpha vanes need to be a high-priority maintenance item. They may also need to be redesigned/augmented such that they can be hardened against typical failure states, or subjected to in-flight remediation/diagnostics and graceful failover. That isn't easy from my understanding. Doing something like hardening vs. freezing would require some form of heating element, which would potentially effect the calibration of the sensor while active, and increase maintenance complexity. Adding some sort of self contained calibration unit to the sensor could work too, however, the more complexity built into that, the more costly it becomes. There is a point of diminishing returns, and I do think the plane can be rendered safe with MCAS and pilot retraining. Unfortunately, that will still come bundled with an aircraft losing its airworthyness rating on Stab Trim cutout. That is nominally the purpose of a pilot. To safely operate the machine within the envelope for which it is engineered. There is always a trade-off with these types of decisions, and like it or not, every airframe certified airworthy has the potential to kill everyone on board without proper piloting. I'm not saying that I'm letting Boeing off the hook personally, but as someone who has an avid interest in engineering things, I do understand the optimization points they were going for with the MAX, they found a physical design that could accommodate those optimizations, but they skimped or didn't put enough emphasis on communicating changes to pilots. The pilots are the single most versatile safety system on the plane . Hiding or keeping from them the information they would need to form a checklist to handle this type of failure is the major failing here (given we assume there were no other physical configurations that could have been grandfathered in that wouldn't have involved an MCAS like system for certification) . The root cause of that omission though may be traced to the minimal retraining requirement, which was absurd in the first place. Ah, but the flight computer switches which AoA sensor it talks to every time it's booted. If maintenance procedures for testing did not correctly specify that a retest must start, then restart the system to actually test that the repair was successful, then that replacement may have been tested while the computer was being fed data by the correctly operating sensor. They would have had to attempted a single boot between flights for the next flight to have flown with the untested replacement sensor. If they didn't test at all, then it's possible both sensors had a problem. This is of course assuming that there is any retest procedure at all in the documentation given that the AoA sensor wasn't classified as safety-critical. It really seems like the makings of a bad movie doesn't it? I made a post upthread about it, but no, this isn't actually unusual, particularly for Boeing. Their design philosophy generally revolves around granting the pilot maximum authority over the plane. There have been various models that have had the same type of compensator built into their controls. The 727-300 I believe is the most notorious I've come across. McDonnell Douglas also implemented something similar one of their DC' family of jets. I believe it was either the 9, 10, or 11. In that case it was to accommodate a smaller tailplane to decrease drag. Keep in mind a double failure is also possible if the AoA vanes are not treated as high priority maintenance items. The sensors on Lion Air were 10+ degrees out of calibratiom IIRC. Critical AoA is somewhere in the realm of 17 to 20 degrees. That doesn't leave much room for where MCAS wouldn't be a problem. Also, AoA sensors are not normally safety critical. The MAX is the first 737 airframe for which this is the case. Define authoritative source. When speaking to the uninitiated, anti-stall system gets the point across. When speaking reguspeak, and actual aerodynamics, MCAS is a compensatory system that is meant to allow the plane to be certified airworthy. It is the same class of system as a mechanical stick-pusher (though even less effective since all it does is changes the yoke pressure required to bring the plane to a stall). It's not a meme sadly, which makes this all the more tragic in hindsight. Sibling poster has quoted the CFR. From an understanding of control systems. One of the most important things to get right with a control system is to maintain some level of consistency throughout the entire range of the system you're actuating. Get on your computer, and move your mouse around. Now go into the settings and muck with your mouse sensitivity/acceleration curves, and try to drop your cursor on a particular file. Odds are, you'll have some degree of difficulty until your brain adjusts to the new settings. Same thing is relevant with airplane yokes. The force required to deflect a control surface (and therefore the plane) in an airstream is a result of the forces imparted on the surface + plane while by the impinged airstream. Now, a force response curve should be smooth and predictable. Some distance of deflection on the yoke at one position should yield approximately the same level of deflection from the yoke at another position. If there is a sudden change in the number of degrees of AoA you get per degree of deflection, this is a highly undesirable flight characteristic. For a pilot's perspective, I recommend the D.P. Davies Interview Podcast from the Royal Aeronautics Society, specifically the Boeing episode where he describes his certification flights of the Boeing 727-300. That plane had a similar interaction with high lift devices at high AoA, making the plane more eager to pitch into a stall when you got to a certain point AoA-wise. This was in direct violation of this CFR. As Davies puts it, "You can't certify a plane that wants to stall itself!" The 727 was eventually certified though when they added a mechanical stick pusher which would shove the stick forward when the pilot was getting close to that flight regime to make sure they didn't stall. MCAS, by all indications, serves a similar purpose, it detects current AoA and trims the plane to counter the extra lift so that the deflection of the elevator at the top of the AoA curve has to fight the nose-down trim, which to a pilot would feel like the plane takes the same amount of force to deflect for those last few degrees. Basically, to use the mouse analogy, it's bumping down the sensitivity of the yoke to compensate for the extra sensitivity created by the lift at high angles of attack. All of this is fine and dandy at 17 or so degrees AoA. Not so much though in attempted level flight with a busted AoA sensor. Much of the art behind control systems comes from translating technological activity into humanly processable control schemes. That CFR is a common sense guideline basically specifying that a transport plane must have a predictable response curve. It reminds me of the way nuclear reactors work, which kinda made it click. There they make criticality dependent on neutrons donated by fission byproduct decay, allowing for control rod situations, and thereby criticality level changes to take place over minutes instead of seconds. Plus, look at the name Maneuvering Characteristics Augmentation System. The important takeaway is it doesn't really do squat to make stalls not happen beyond making it increasingly impossible for the pilot to get enough oomph out of the control surfaces to get the plane in stall and stay there. I don't know if there is also a stick pusher for MAX aircraft to help recover from a stall. That's what is so insane about this system. It was put in to make the thing act like a 737 within a very small part of the flight envelope. It never should have kicked in in normal flight. But AoA sensors freezing is apparently common enough where this system is frequently kicking in when the plane isn't in the situation it was designed for. This is because of Product Liability law. If they admit in any way to releasing a known dangerous product they open themselves to massive damages. Yes and no. Yes, the sensor is appropriate for use as an input to a safety critical system. No, it is not appropriate for a safety critical system to behave in such a manner where if that one vane failed, to kill everyone on board. While the sensor caused the cascade via it's input, it was the implementation of the listening system that allowed the rest to happen. Safety critical systems are designed with graceful degradation in mind. The fewer sources of information the system has, the more conservative it's contribution to the overall state of the system should become. There should have been integration with the second AoA sensor, pilot notification of disagree, and a lessening of the authority of the system in favor of the pilots. The pilots could then have turned the plane around, and landed it. Boeing is also on the hook for not highlighting the compounding risk presented by an airspeed unreliable failure compared with a stab trim runaway. I'd also wager they should have had an MCAS disable separate from the stab trim cutout as a result. This has been just about my exact conclusion. I've just been checking things off as the evidence rolls in. The only time it has been utilized that in the manner it was intended that I'm aware of is when it was exercised during it's test flights. >People may get angry about this fact, but it really is the simple reality of an executive's fiduciary obligations. With all due respect, that's Bullshit, and anyone who cares to look into the provenance of the modern concept of a corporation can see that. A corporation is a mechanism by which people pool resources and distribute risk such that endeavors unachievable by any individual of that collective group. This privileged collective vehicle, however, was based on the principle that the existence of the corporation was providing a service or good to the benefit of the society enabling the incorporation. As a sibling poster mentioned, the Reagan/Thatcher years ushered in "the death of Society" and the birth of the "shareholder value" meme. A corporation does not exist without the societal framework in which it is implemented. If corporations don't take this into account moving forward, the system that put them in a position to do what they are doing may find itself under attack from without by legislators, and within by an increasingly marginalized millennial demographic. Point being, you can't sit here and say that the only obligation executives have is to their shareholders when the entire arrangement that makes that possible is dependent on the goodwill of everyone else who isn't a shareholder. I acknowledge my arguments may not convince a hard core "shareholder value" believer, but I'm willing to put my money in the long run on the state of corporatism in America sidling up to a line after which there isn't going to be much they have to lean on once people start realizing that shareholder/not shareholder is becoming the new social division point. Either we're all countrymen, or we're not. If corporate America pounds the "not" drum hard enough, I have no delusions enough people won't get together to bring the entire house of cards to the ground. Wing Load https://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/wind-load-d_1775.html Screw Jack and effort force https://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/screw-jack-d_1308.html Gearing: https://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/gears-d_1307.html Here's some 737-800 dimensional analysis as a starting point. https://holdingpoint.wordpress.com/2011/04/04/boeing-737-800... Knock yourself out. Or if you stick around long enough I may do it for gits and shiggles. I'll need some schematic details of the actual manual trim wheel mechanism to figure out what the output forces on the jackscrew are... But hey, sounds like a fun mental exercise. I'll see if I can find any details on it, but if anyone else just has it, reply to me, and let's see if we can get some delicious numbers going on here. Worst case scenario, I'll pull whatever design most makes sense to me out of my arse and theorycraft to get a feel for it. Okay, let's start with wind load. 737-800 has a 32.776m^2 horizontal stabilizer area. Let's double that to 65.556 to accomodate both airfoils. Wing load is 1/2p(v^2)A Where A=65.556m^2 (352.8 ft^2) v=180.556m/s (350 knots) And we'll guess our air density around .95ish kg/m^3 given our altitude of 2334m (7625 ft plus change) asl Barring any flawed fundamental assumptions, that gives us a wind load of 1015087 N (228200.636 pounds-force (lbf)), and a dynamic pressure of 15485 N/m^2 I'll leave this out there to offend any actual aerospace engineers that might be reading so they'll tell us I'm doing it all wrong while I try to work out whether I can use the screw jack equations and what we've calculated thusfar in the hopes of figuring out something that even remotely makes sense. I have a feeling I'm oversimplifying or misapplying the wind load equation. But hey, it's the internet. I'm allowed to be wrong. >Boeing cheaper out on the Angle of Attack detector, by default only one is installed, a second one as an added-cost option. This is incorrect. The 737 MAX 8 comes with two AoA vanes. The paid upgrade package is to wire them both into the flight computer, and to add an AoA disagree notification light. >To be fault-tolerant, you need a quorum and thus a minimum of 3, as Airbus does. I would also add the 3 need to be made by different manufacturers to avoid systemic issues, if disk array manufacturers can do it, so can Boeing for safety-critical equipment. This is correct, but not infallible. It's really complicated as the last batches of discussion here have gone into great length on. Boeing fubar'd by not accurately categorizing MCAS as a safety-critical system, as their original classification was "Hazardous" instead of "Catastrophic". The original implementation had only +/- .6 degrees authority. After the paperwork was filed, they upped the gain to 2.5 degrees up to maximum trim down over time, without reclassifying the subsystem as safety critical. Therefore no-one ever made sure that subsystem chain was bulletproof. Okay. So after a bit of chewing on the screw jack equations, I settled on using an M24 screw as the basis just for convenience. Eyeballed a video of jackscrew of a 737NG, and figured a 6 inch lever arm. In the form of a pulley of some sort as the input for the screw jack from the trim wheel in the cockpit. Dropping in the previously calculated wind load of 1015087 N, we end up with an effort force of 3182 N, which through a 6 in pulley would be 485Nm (357 ft-lbs) of torque, Note, we're in automobile engine levels of torque output to actuate this screw jack against the wind load on the horizontal stabilizer. Give me a bit to come up with some estimates on the trim wheel and play around with some gear trains to see if I can come up with an arrangement that does the trick. It should be doable, but with the gear ratios I'm thinking will be required to generate the requisite torque, the actual rate of actuation is going to be pretty slow. Putting on the Wild Ass Guess hat. I remember reading that the MCAS system uses the exact same physical contacts as the pilot's electrical trim adjustment switches. I'm wondering if they're trying to change their software implementation to more cleanly separate the two abstractions in the code in order to avoid having to do a hardware or firmware change on the jackscrew motor controllers. If before, the signalling was such that the signalling was handled as a sort of one off block jammed into some function somewhere, they may now have to be doing much more thorough refactoring to separate out those interfaces, and improve the traceability, testability, and readability, all with the overhead of a system likely reclassified to "catastrophic" system hazard rating. Either way, after some number crunching of my own, I can only see going forward with MCAS reasonable if there is some way to discretely disable its' ability to signal the jackscrew motor while leaving the electronic trim available in case of erroneous MCAS activation in the future, because with the requisite torque involved to quickly actuate that control surface against potential overspeed loads exacerbated by elevator up pitch commands, you'd need the electric motors, period. Without taking into account friction, and using the stabilizer dimensions of the 737-800, in air conditions approximate to Addis Ababa, at 350 knots, discluding extra load from elevator up, and assuming an M24 jackscrew thread, it would have taken 357 ft-lbs torque to actuate against that wind load. That's the output of a non-trivial automotive engine to bring that down to something the non-mathematically inclined can recognize, and while theoretically may be possible to gear for from a hand crank, I'm not confident I'm going to be able to figure out a gear train that can gear reduce enough to allow anywhere near enough speed when rotated by one pilot to get that horizontal stabilizer where it needs to be in so short a length of time. Either way, I foresee a lot of chaos, and scrutiny moving forward in the handling of this, and can only hope we can finally come to terms as a nation with why certain regulatory agencies are worth the cost of investing in if only to keep the seeds of such tragedies as happened here from ever being able to germinate again. I vehemently disagree on the too complex front. If there is any inability to X going on in the FAA it is because of a culture of continual budget cuts hamstringing the ability of the agency to acquire and keep talent. The current incarnation of the FAA is a joke. This is not some bureaucratic paper pusher organization. This is the agency responsible for the overall architecture and requirements that historically made the American Aerospace industry a force to be reckoned with when they weren't being blindsided or hamstrung by excessive political pressure by industry. My proof? There is nothing complicated, about the trim system of a 737 MAX. I've sat down and done a bit of research, reverse engineered the basic mechanical components of the system, and I'm just some bloke who had a few hours to kill on the weekend. It's a highly geared mechanical gear train, with a secondary set of electrical motors, connected to a jackscrew, which drives the horizontal stabilizers while feeding back electrical actuation information back to the pilot's via the mechanical gear train. At some point, they wired in extra electrical connections from whatever black box MCAS is implemented in into the command circuit for the electric trim motor, and called it a day. There is nothing complicated there. It's a basic composition of simple machines. The complicated part is the implementation and logistics details, in addition to making sure at some point, all those pesky details are written down, all those integrated systems are tested/verified to be of sufficient quality, and that each component has an audit trail to be referenced should investigation be necessary. All that extra information is required specifically because it has been found to lead to increased safety over time. The FAA's duty is to ensure at a minimum, every player is living up to and respecting that standard. Something the history of budget cuts and delegation of authority to manufacturers has very clearly jeopardized. I don't like the FAA. I'll never even be able to take the physical pilot training to fly because of the draconian nature of their medical certification regulations, but I can't even argue that they are unjustified in terms of the catastrophic outcomes that are prevented by having them there. It is possible to hold a manufacturer to standards via external impartial audit. It is difficult to do so if you can't even support the billets for a set of Subject Matter Experts who don't need to resort to alternative revenue streams so they can concentrate on doing one thing and doing it well. There just needs to be the realization that at some point there must be a figure in the relationship between operator and manufacturer with the capacity, nay, responsibility to stop something which has not met the minimum standards of airworthyness. It ain't physics that's the problem, it's the people. Machines don't lie. Even when malfunctioning, they're telling the truth in as much as the physical principles they are subject to will allow. I'm not sure even that would overcome the hyperoptimization capital trap advantage big industrial farms enjoy. I'm still pretty shallow in my understanding of the Ag industry, but the last research I'd done showed that process optimization gaps driven by capital access disparity, and an increasing encroachment of vertically integrating distribution businesses were the major drivers of small farms out of the market. The wage hits through access to capital to pay workers will also hit smaller operations harder in the sense the smaller you are the fewer people feel safe investing in you. It'd be nice if it would sort itself in favor of the little guy, but I'm just not seeing it. This type of elitism has no real place in hopefully constructive conversation. I'm not going to ignore a well thought out point because someone doesn't have a PhD in the exact question under rumination. And "armchair quarterbacking" tends to translate to "Request For Comment" in my book. I.e. a coming together of disparate ideas and areas of expertise to more fully render the extent of a problem. It's not really speculation. The proof, as they say, is in the impact crater. The only mystery left is, what is the nature of the paper trail that led to this catastrophe? Was there malicious malfeasance? Overt and irresistible pressure to certify at all costs? Was it all just a tragic mistake? We don't know. We only know the physical systems that contributed to the crashes, and some of the motivations that would have contributed. The technical implementation can be roughly inferred by any programmer, and it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out a ball was dropped somewhere for a plane development program to fall afoul of such a foreseeable failure state. You are correct. The rather humorous aspect is that they really can't stick to the "no retraining" claim or really the claim the plane is airworthy because the plane is only certifiably airworthy when MCAS is operating. So in short, yes. Their fix is introducing problems elsewhere. This characteristic is what has many thinking their was a series of grievous process, business, and regulatory errors layered on top of the known poor engineering decisions that came together to set the stage for these catastrophes. Completely off topic, but I hate Accuweather. The guy that runs it has lobbied left and right to keep the NWS and NOAA from being able to just deliver weather products because they'd cut into his revenue stream he's developed by charging people for access to public data. Anyway... End rant. No. No. No. So we need more software to solve problems created by software being exploited by people. I have a much simpler solution that doesn't involve taking away from someone's agency. A)look both ways before crossing B) Don't drive the piece of equipment distracted. The more sensors we put on cars, the more we lay the foundations for technologies that can handle will be used in tyrannical ways. No thanks. That's what I thought too. How rude. Here I was thinking we were having a civil discourse over the Internet. More than born yesterday, less than since the Moon landing. Regardless, my assessment is based on most juniors I've worked with. By their third year most seem to have already grasped the need to test for boundary conditions, and to ensure proper error handling for GIGO failure. Any 1 year+ with at least FizzBuzz levels of understanding can be handheld toward it with the right nudge, and in fact, the less experience they have the more eager and likely they tend to be to pick up on error handling since they haven't yet developed sufficient skills to be able to get their head around the "test you don't need to write" because the result can be inferred from a test at another level of the system (a frequent coping strategy that starts creeping it's way in with increased levels of familiarity with a complex system). Any problem grokking the above points is usually solved with an impromptu exercise and lecture where I have the junior play the part of a computer until they realize just how much the computer "doesn't know", and has no capacity to derive from reasoning, unless it's actually coded/implemented to. I've not yet had a junior who failed to grasp this to some degree (though a recent one is giving me a run for my money), and become capable within a couple months of inferring two to three-function away error states to test for. Within the year, I can typically point them at an arbitrary code block and get back a reasonable testing surface. Which brings me to my next observation, where I think you may be attempting to make a point: If I run into juniors of 1-3 years experience who need coaching to fully understand what I explained above, then perhaps the average programmer is not capable of inferring what I claim. To which all I can say is, my observation may be skewed, because I'm a bloody paranoid polyglot of a tester when it comes to safety critical systems. Even when I was pre-collegiate programming calculators, the more someone else actually depended on something, the greater the lengths I'd go through to test things before cutting them loose with anything I was producing for them. The THERAC-25 postmortem is bedtime reading for me, and I've pushed myself to understand computer science and software engineering as more than mere 'coding'. If the argument then, is that I'm an atypical representative of my software composing brethren, then I'd like to know why in the $deity's name we're not triple-checking safety critical code at system integration time, seeing as we can assume this level of inattention to detail by the average programmer. Especially given as the languages these types of systems are implemented in are typically not the most 'friendly' languages. This suggests cultural issues, undue pressure to fast-track approval, disincentive to raise red flags that could impede delivery, or an "over-the-wall" hyper siloing of expertise/responsibility that lead to the least experienced in complex system implementation being blindly trusted by those who had the experience to realize something was horribly wrong. If the above doesn't assuage any concerns relating to my experience, I'm afraid not much else will. This is not even remotely surprising, and by all standards should be taken into account in your implementation of dependent systems' gradual degradation fault modes. The world won't be going electric overnight. It can't physically speaking, and the power density of batteries is nowhere near where it would need to be to phase out internal combustion engines. Construction equipment, farm equipment, loading and transportation equipment, lawn equipment etc... Still need compact, powerful power plants. Fossil fuels and petroleum is likely not going anywhere either. It's still needed for a lot of off-road uses, and as industrial precursors. To the "do you expect society to subsidize yadda yadda" crowd: Do not be so quick to evoke the power of society for or against your favorite/least favorite things. The United States is a blatant anomaly in terms of the proliferation of high tech infrastructure, given. But that has come as the byproduct of over 150 years of gradual industrialization. Frankly I don't see ICE cars, or ICE car enthusiasts as as much a problem as poor city planning, over-emphasis on a consumerist lifestyle to fuel the economy, and an increasingly divisive and market subverted political system. Besides which, speed does not correlate with deaths. Difference in speed does. If you want traffic related deaths to go away, stop looking at the enthusiasts, who are paying attention, and start looking at the ones who aren't paying attention. You insinuated that aanyone who would use supplements would be too much of a rube to pay attention to the science. The problem is, that communicates you've pre-supposed the outcome of the study, and projects the image that you're not really as interested in the answer as you are in a quick dopamine hit from getting in a zinger. That's just off the top of my head mind. It also leaves out the fact that industry isn't actually incentivized to fund studies to work out when supplements won't do anything for you. They want to increase sales, not give you an easy out of buying them. At the end of the day, that leaves a consumer with mediocre capability to generate what we'd call substantive data to reach their own subjective conclusions. That people do so, and feel better by doing so certainly doesn't seem to be worthy of derision in my opinion. I just wish the industry's incentives were more in line with improving quality of life rather than straight up profit mongering. Thank you. I used to be one of the "automate all the things!" crowd, but as I've been exposed to more and more fields, I've come to realize that automation's place is to augment and assist, not replace. There are diminishing returns to increased automation, as at the end of the day, the user of the automation needs to be 10% smarter than the piece of equipment, which quickly becomes a more and more challenging task the more the challenge of overseeing the automation takes away from doing what you are there to do in the first place. In this case, flying the plane. >You think I was rude asking you about your experience. You asked for a number. Who I am, doesn't factor in. The experiences and insights I can bring to the conversation do. Of which I provided more than enough to get you in the right ballpark experiencewise. >We don't know anything about the hardware this runs on and what it has to interface with. These are essentially networked embedded microcomputers, likely utilizing various potential protocol stacks such as CAN, CAN FD AFDX® / ARINC 664 ARINC 429 ARINC 825 Ethernet CANopen for networking. They are likely highly constrained, and must be compliant with DO-178B/C, which includes a need to verify the software down to the op codes spit out by the compiler. The most popular languages for this purpose are known to be C, C++, FORTRAN, and Ada. There's this wonderful place called the Internet where Engineers and other really dedicated people share information about what they use to do things. >Arbitrary complexity Is a possibility, but tends to be bounded by the fact humans still need to be able to implement and verify the systems they make in a reasonable amount of time. Which coincidentally, seems to have missed a few layers or so given we're here talking about this. The world has very little that can't be found with a little digging, and in the interests of saving time, we tend to reuse technologies when appropriate from things like, cars, in other things, like airplanes. If you can gain a mastery of how to network and program computers in general, you gain insights into how other physical systems, even though they aren't Turing machines, interconnect and propagate information and forces. If you can then understand engineering principles well enough to decompose complex things into a network of simpler basic parts, and understand how to employ mathematics to analyze and predict the behavior of those systems, you can quickly formulate broad guesses about contributory factors to a failure state given the even small amounts of information. And if you say all that's impossible to appear in one person, I don't know what to tell you. I'm not asking you to have faith, I'm asking you to think, question, imagine, and connect the dots between what information is available out there. But hey, what do I know? I'm just a guy who objects to having credibility pidgeonholed based on some number instead of the content of what is being communicated. I apologize if I sound aggravated or hostile, but I do not appreciate it when something as tightly regulated as aircraft out of the blue starts killing people, and the reason looks to be a lack of scrutiny/verification, rushed implementation, intentionally sparse communication, and unethical sales practices for whatever reason. There are ways to do things, and there are ways not to do things. I expect a leader of an industry to at least show a level of effort such that I can entertain the benefit of a doubt that gross incompetence Or greed was not a factor. I have no such illusions left to me based upon what I've been able to work out. The cause is somewhere in their culture or business practices, and I want it ripped out into the light as an example to everyone, everywhere. I don't care half as much about what happens to the people involved as long as it is enough to dissuade anyone thinking of doing the same thing from going down that path. I think it's the writing sample at the bottom that attracts the concern. I thought the content was beautiful in its' capacity to evoke emotion. The typeface definitely added something to it. What was the cursive block before it in? Out of curiosity. First time I've ever noted typeface really making a difference in how I read something, so just curious. Which is so easy given that we're all just swimming in spare time, or sitting on generous supplies of rainy day capital to keep us afloat long enough for our message to be heard, and implemented in a manner consistent with our desires as opposed to those organizations who actually have those things that are doing the same? Easier said than done. Me too. I have serious questions in regards to maximum landing weight, will or won't the payload have to be jettisoned, and whether there will be propellant restrictions. Imagine an emergency scenario where a high payload of hydrazine/NTO/UDMH/MMH has to be dumped at low altitude to recover the plane "safely". With a traditional vehicle you at least will never have an incentive to take your launch vehicle anywhere where down range includes a low altitude intersect with a population center. This on the other hand... Oof. This brings an entirely new dimension to Range Safety. I can see the lesson having to be relearned the hard way if we aren't careful. Not saying it isn't worth it, but man, those postmortem would not be fun. Would be a hell of a thing to see go off without a hitch though. Wouldn't that just degenerate to one party consent with the manufacturer as the consenting party? I'm genuinely not seeking to troll or start a flame war here, so I apologize profusely if I speak out of line, I'm just looking to understand the current Chinese mindset. All that working hard is to catch up to a country that pushed the envelope on a 40 hour work week, and at least made an effort to respect the right of the worker to have a life outside the office? I find the argunent/cultural value unconvincing when most of the country's innovation has been fostered through copycatting, IP theft, and exploitative market gatekeeping. I don't mean any offense, nor do I assert the United States is saintly in the non-abuse of workforce, or in any trade related department really, but given what we've been finding out about Chinese IP hijacking, their hostile trade practices, and personal experience working with Chinese H-1B's (whom if I catch trying to pull that 996 nonsense, I send home after 40 hours), I do think it's just an underhanded tactic used by authority figures on a vulnerable population. The fruits of passion are best grown without compulsion. Play unites artist and engineer as Tao does one in the state of no mind. One cannot be moved or inspired by heaven and earth stuck behind a screen toiling for one's master. Hell, weren't the Chinese the same culture who brought us the gem of wisdom that "one who lacks control of oneself brings only strife when faced with the responsibility to control something larger than themselves"[Confucius paraphrased]? Where have these workers had the time to develop as healthy individuals? Not just to gather academic knowledge, but the wisdom born of personal folly to employ that intelligence well? For a wealthy man in a purportedly communist regime, Mr. Ma seens, at least to me, whether he realizes it or not, to be falling into the worst tendencies of capitalistic practices hook, line, and sinker. The People suffer under the boot of a man who has grown so accustomed to the creature comforts afforded by his position that he has forgotten the reason he is where he is in the first place. To usher the Chinese people to a new age of glory and prosperity. At least, that's the Party line, is it not? Surely others see the disconnect here, or am I just mad, and completely out of tune with the zeitgeist/realpolitik? Is this for real? That's startling to me. I don't really feel like I "know" something well enough to bother with the overhead of developing computer code until I can at least get the essence of it down on paper. Computers are for enumerating and increasing confidence in proofs. I find pen and paper to be far more creativity friendly. Yes conceptually, no because of signage error. If you were in a position MCAS would have to kick in, you were at positive AoA, reduced thrust would impart a negative AoA moment. There was an extra pilot in the cockpit uninvolved with flying the plane. His participation in Crew Resource Management allowed the previous flight to correctly identify and remediate the issue before things became unrecoverable. There's a difference, even in the "Protestant Work Ethic" though. You're expected to work for yourself, to get what needs to be done, done. That "work" includes living righteously, starting a/serving a family, contributing to and propping up your community, and making yourself a better person. Nowhere in that is a blanket "Thou shalt do and ask no questions, lest you be punished." There isn't Japan. Blind obedience went out of style in 1945, and should stay gone. We all know where that leads. "A son who does not admonish an unreasonable father leads his family to ruin.", Confucius [paraphrased] again. The 40 hour work week isn't even a luxury. It's required if you want some semblance of social stability. Industrialization was revolutionary in that tooling, factories, and infrastructure created an environment where work could happen 24/7/365. That doesn't mean it should , especially to the benefit of a few, at the cost of the livability of life for everyone else. Industry is meant to cure societal ills, not to act as a building block for exponential manufacture of new societal ills to be fixed by the very root cause of the original malaise. I may not be Chinese, and may not fully understand current pan-Asian culture, but I weep at the tragedy I see unfolding whereby a culture seems to be cannibalizing itself into something nigh-unrecognizable from what it once was. It seems to be happening everywhere nowadays. Okay, I get what your saying. I just wasn't reading right, and while what I've said may be theoretically correct, under most circumstances, the control surfaces are the primary contributors to the aircraft's orientation. Fiddling with engines in an MCAS activation situation would just offset the flight envelope into a more dangerous zone, that could be even more difficult to recover from. Took me a bit, but I got there. This belongs everywhere . If we can't sit down and have a civil discussion on a legal proceeding with impact at the highest levels of our government, we have bigger issues. This isn't some trivial wardrobe malfunction political soap opera . This is the culmination of an investigation into one of the most destructively divisive Administrations in modern history. This has the potential to absolutely undermine the faith of a large swath of the American people in their government's ability to conduct business on their behalf without being absurdly vulnerable to outside interference. This goes so far beyond merely being a partisan shot at Trump. Everyone should read this. Everyone should take a day to really sit down and absorb all the details in this report and ask themselves if there is any room in how they believe their country should operate for these findings to be considered a sign of the "healthy" operation of the system. I'm floored to be quite honest. There are fundamental issues and questions raised by the underlying facts outlined in this report I'm not sure anyone has ever dreamed of needing to be asked. Please, read it, don't try to suppress it. For once in your life, accept and honor your civic responsibility to be informed. Couple pedantic quibbles, forgive me: >I will leave a discussion of the corporatization of the aviation lexicon for another article, but let’s just say another term might be the “Cheap way to prevent a stall when the pilots punch it,” or CWTPASWTPPI, system. Hmm. Perhaps MCAS is better, after all. It's not actually just intended for when pilot's pour on the thrust, it's for any time they pour on the AoA. There need not be any throttle change involved to bring this about. The most readily imagined example, however, is low speed, large throttle increase like you'd have if you were aborting a landing attempt to go around. >When MCAS senses that the angle of attack is too high, it commands the aircraft’s trim system (the system that makes the plane go up or down) to lower the nose. It also does something else: It pushes the pilot’s control columns (the things the pilots pull or push on to raise or lower the aircraft’s nose) downward. Nothing I've read characterizes MCAS as having an inbuilt-stick pusher. I've mentioned before that MCAS shares a spot with stick-pushers in terms of what they are trying to do, and problem they are employed to solve but MCAS does not actively put force on the stick through an extra mechanism with the intent to actuate a control surface deflection, and alerting the pilot through the haptic response , which is the defining characteristic of that type of system as I understand it. All MCAS does is modify the trim, which has the effect of passively modifying the flight characteristics of the aircraft. >In the 737 Max, like most modern airliners and most modern cars, everything is monitored by computer, if not directly controlled by computer. In many cases, there are no actual mechanical connections (cables, push tubes, hydraulic lines) between the pilot’s controls and the things on the wings, rudder, and so forth that actually make the plane move. And, even where there are mechanical connections, it’s up to the computer to determine if the pilots are engaged in good decision making (that’s the bitey dog again). As far as I am aware, Boeing has maintained manual reversion with regards to the trim system and yoke in the 737 MAX 8. I.e. there are direct connections to the control surfaces from the pilot's hand actuated controls. Boeing's concession to FBW is by implementing parallel automation managed control circuits that allow for electrically driven manipulation of control surfaces fed back to the pilot through the mechanical linkage. The envelope-protection -> bitey-dog analogy in this case, is still an accurate characterization. >But it’s also important that the pilots get physical feedback about what is going on. In the old days, when cables connected the pilot’s controls to the flying surfaces, you had to pull up, hard, if the airplane was trimmed to descend. You had to push, hard, if the airplane was trimmed to ascend. With computer oversight there is a loss of natural sense in the controls. In the 737 Max, there is no real “natural feel.” As far as I can ascertain, there still is "natural feel" in regards to pitch control. There are no hydraulic boosters in place. The problem though, is that MCAS actually hides the aberrant behavior at high AoA from the pilot by intentionally down-trimming the plane. This gets the job done (by some definitions), but does it instead through the trim system (which operates automatically in other circumstances enough where the pilot may mistake the behavior for some other system) and without doing anything to the stick (the primary instinctual control for the plane). Other than those quibbles, this is a beautiful write-up that is a treat to read. The Supplemental Type Certification section was also informative for me, as it illustrates unambiguously that there was a process to handle this exact type of augmentation which was sidestepped by Boeing for whatever reason. Bravo! No condescension was intended. Be you American or not, if you've followed it as closely as you purport, than surely you've come to the realization the circumstances could just as easily have originated in your own country rather than in America. I would hope that none would begrudge you the opportunity to engage in healthy discourse here. I'll speak no more on the matter. I've clearly ruffled your feathers, which was far from my intent. I respectfully and vehemently disagree with your motivations for contributing to delay crucial conversations being held, yet nevertheless, wish you a good day. Bull. You can't say "You can query for anything!" and have it be anonymized. In fact, if you're taking a camera shot, that's the most broadband sensor imaginable, and no thanks, I don't trust any company with profit motive not to crumble and pop out a software update to selectively disable picture blurrers, or to not have a Boolean flag in your data scrubber. As a company, making that statement is just trying to slip one past and hope nobody asks inconvenient questions about it. Hydrogen will have issues supply-wise if we kick into industrial scale processes with high loss rates without some way to ensure the gas recombines with Oxygen to precipitate as water again. Which at the operating heights being suggested, would be problematic. Furthermore, what about all that waste Oxygen from Hydrolysis? We already run into issues with water without cracking water vapor and venting hydrogen into the atmosphere at scale. I shudder at the thought of unconstrained industry being cut loose with the idea that we have an essentially limitless supply without sitting down to really figure out the numbers. Never mind the maintenance issues. High levels of electrical generation/storage +volatile gas generator? What could possibly go wrong? Hydrogen embrittlement, high level of oxidative stress, increased radiation exposure... Mean-time-to-failure is not giving the magic 8 ball warm fuzzies. Could be super neat for meteorological/astronomical purposes/reconnaissance purposes though. I can see the international incidents rolling in now. "North Korea protests American Weather Baloons" "Russia introduces new anti-balloon laser" "China threatens Taiwan over balloon based infrastructure" Unfortunately, I wouldn't put it passed ad companies to utilize this "exciting new breakthrough in audience outreach" as well. I'd really like to look at this kind of stuff how I used to as a kid again. Too much time in the tech industry has absolutely ruined my outlook however. I got my grandma on board with avoiding Facebook. She thought that the principle of "don't broadcast me, just make my stuff accessible" was in play. I sat down with her and explained what they really do, and it really turned her off. I've been pondering whether I could implement something better. A "this is me" web-connected data vault with fine grained, easy to adjust access controls; but I'm not sure there's any way to streamline the process enough where you could hand it to the user and not have them instantly be out of their depth. I don't believe a centralized solution is the way to go. Too much potential for abuse, and it makes it too easy to manipulate. Plus, Mastodon may beat me to it. Also, I've gotten my family/friends to give the various voice assistants a wide birth, sans Siri unfortunately. Funny how being the techie in the family has turned me into a comparative Luddite. Then again, no one I talk to tends to like being productized either. ...Where is this notion that a picture isn't personally identifiable information coming from? I get it in the sense it's just a picture, but when you run credit cards in a store, and can temporally associate cards to faces via temporal proximity, you're just elevating the "not that personally identifiable" to "definitely so". There's still a potential failure mode where both vanes get stuck at the same anomalous reading, so therefore still feed bad data to MCAS. There's more likely a threshold of equality rather than exact equality in measurement going on I'd imagine, but I'd have to see their code to know for sure what their definition of "equal" is. You're assuming that MCAS has physically/logically discriminated inputs, and that the electric motor driver is capable of filtering which ones to acknowledge based on a switch that no one knew would need to exist at design time. Odds are, when looking at the avionics network traffic, signals from the trim switches and MCAS are indistinguishable. Running an extra wire to represent the input to the microcontroller would also be a hardware change, which likely means swapping out hardware boards, and running new cable/wire/etc, which will require new schemata, new boards to be sourced from the manufacturer, more paperwork and testing, more maintenance install/refurb procedures, so on and so forth. From my understanding, Boeing is desperately trying to squeak by with just a software change to avoid all that. Personally, I'd prefer they take the time to do it right and change the hardware. It's what should have been done in the first place. The thing I find interesting is that even in the military, people who fly planes frequently are selected for their ability to fly the plane over understanding the plane. Which generally works fine up until your design becomes so complex the pilot can't reliably map control/environmental inputs to plane behavior/outputs. Given this natural limitation, I find it interesting we keep escalating avionics complexity beyond the point a pilot can reasonably model the plane mentally. In fact, I'm surprised we've gone the route of doing away with flight engineers entirely in day-to-day operations. I get the attractiveness in cost savings, but you're just running into too much information to parse while simultaneously having to fly the plane. It's two completely different mental regimes that eventually will start to interfere with each other. But hey that's the market for ya. Local optimization or bust right? Just started digging into it, but seeing as he's using the Investigations, I'm expecting a bit more emphasis on linking up technologies with a nominative signpost that more clearly elucidated the essence of what it is actually doing. I.e. ripping away the Facebook moniker for the social media platform and replacing it with descriptive language indicating what it actually does. Will update or reply with inevitable disappointment when my expectations fail to be lived up to. Most likely a software routine, which is why I don't think there's any way to disable MCAS without running a new input to the microcontroller board. Not close enough, but my mental engineering department simulator suggests a monolithic approach seeing as it would be cheaper hardwarewise. Wild ass guess mind, to the point of being useless. I couldn't give any concrete insights without access to design docs and specs. Basically, I just took some time to sit down and talk with her. Spent about a week with her on vacation. Talked about a lot of things. Specifically though, if I had to hone it down to something I think it was when I connected the dots for her about how Facebook really works. She'd thought it was more of a "place I can put stuff where friends could reliably get to it." A sort of classified ad as a service as it were I think is how we boiled down her understanding of it. Then she had said she kept getting flustered because people she didn't know kept popping up in her feed. That's when I explained to her that Facebook wasn't like a passive paper. They were actively utilizing any data she made available to them to expand their network, to the point of actively putting her information in front of people she hadn't even met, and may very well not care to. Then I explained to her the whole "Big Data" thing. Basically how more and more, things one would just do were being made in ways that they generated data trail that businesses would sell to other businesses. There was no such thing as professional discretion anymore. She really didn't like that and honestly never realized that that sort of thing happened. She knew they were a valuable company, but didn't realize it was because they were selling access to the user base. Talked to her a bit about the history of the company, and it's CEO's more controversial statements, and connected those with a couple of personal experiences I've had fighting to "do the right thing" in the industry with minimal luck. I learned that week that people want somewhere to provide a "social media experience" as it were, but what I got from her is there was a much higher expectation of privacy and control of who got access than she was experiencing. She still "checks it" occasionally to keep up with other members of the family, but I"m happy to say, she's much more satisfied with how I streamlined her email client than what she gets out of her Facebook account. I don't know if it'll work for anyone else. She was already only tentatively dipping into the platform as it was, so it just may not have taken as much convincing to get the dots connected. Hell, it may not have been anything I said about it, but just that it disturbed/stressed me out so much that did it. But nevertheless, I got Gram to back slowly away from Facebook. That means I've at least convinced one person. Should get easier from there right? So, when do we get an interpretive dance based unlock? I'd almost be okay with it if I had the satisfaction of knowing some poor bastard out there had a job that basically boiled down to trying to figure out how the user would dance with a cellphone. Bonus points in that security minded people would get some much needed exercise. Okay. About halfway through. (Philosophical reading is not an activity to do lightly. It's a bit like climbing a mountain.) I advise anyone to put in the time to read the article, but as someone pretty familiar with Wittgenstein already, I'll try to condense it, and provide some lower level context through which more immediate everyday application of it can be made use of. For starters: There are two major flavors of Wittgenstein generally discussed. Early or Tractatus Wittgenstein, or late Philosophical Investigations Wittgenstein. We're concerned with the latter. Major points: Language is a toolbox. Meaning is derived from assigning uses of language through "language games" to "forms of life". Language that cannot be traced back to a language game is meaningless, as the "language game" is basically a nominative signpost through which the underlying linguistic grammars and the forms of life the use of language is meant to represent intersect to confer meaning. Meaning in reference to language comes in two flavors: Explicit (surface) meaning: meaning can clearly be articulated grammatically; includes syntax, basically the "what you said" part of an argument with your Significant Other Implicit: meaning communicated through living. Cultural meaning. The sun will rise tomorrow. You grab a towel to dry off. Know how. You do X which leads to Y, which leads to Z. The "what I meant" part of an argument with your Significant other. Just to make sure I'm getting this across clearly, let's use a Hemmingway story. For sale: Baby booties. Never worn. Explicit meaning: A seller is offering to sell something. The something is a pair of baby booties. The baby booties have the quality of never having been worn. Implicit meaning: The seller is trying to part ways with a pair of baby booties. This suggests someone was expecting a child to be born, normally a happy occasion, but since the seller is trying to get rid of them with the quality of never having been worn, it suggests something tragic has happened; I.e. death of the child, or mother and child. None of that is explicitly stated, but nevertheless, can be communicated through common experience. Explicit meaning derives from rules, implicit requires common experience to be communicated properly, and is much harder to formalize. Now that you've had a crash course on Wittgenstein, let me try to condense the rest of the piece. So I'm not sure what question you're asking if someone has put thought into, but assuming it was "What do they hope to achieve by this?" shakes Magic 8 ball My guess is it's a combination of what the Sri Lankan poster above mentioned combined with a reaction to further technical escalation by the citizenry. Unfortunately, there are too many unknowns w.r.t. Sri Lanka's government/cultural values for me to even hazard a guess as to what the endgame is beyond minimizing net driven attempts to organize. What I do see potentially transpiring, however, is someone figuring out how to host basic net based communication within the country; odds are though, the government feel themselves sufficiently equipped to take down in country rabble rousing, and possibly aim to keep outside influences from inflaming things further. Best thing you can do if you want to get out, is find the IP addresses for your particular of site, and use that. DNS based blocking does squat if you're maintaining your own registry of IP->Domain Name bindings. If they catch on and start trying to IP block, well, welcome back to the pre/early internet days. Hopefully you know someone willing to host you a forwarding proxy. Stay safe Sri Lanka folks. So, you seem to be laboring under some drastic misunderstandings. Let me try to lay out an example that may make things clearer. I have a CPU. A CPU consists of a collection of general registers (data is generally read from and into here), a special set of registers containing metainformation about the state of the CPU, an arithmetic processing unit, and a clock circuit. This is a dirt simple CPU. Now. If you're using a Von Neumann based architecture, your CPU doesn't distinguish data from instructions. (Modern ones do, but ignore that for now.) An "instruction" consists of an op-code (basically a number), plus addresses indicating where input data is being read from, and where it's being written to. So a set of commands for this CPU might look like load $1 1 load $2 1 Add $1 $2 $3 Assuming we're "wired" into some input pin the CPU knows to listen to, we're running a rudimentary set of computations. We're sending in some number that the CPU recognizes as the beginning of a "load" command, it looks at the 8 bits or so following, and loads 00000001 into register $1. Done for that cycle. Next cycle, same deal, but in register $2. Next cycle, we send the contents of $1 and $2 to the adder, which outputs the result into $3. Easy right? Now. Let's do some REAL computation. Let's say I have a ridiculous amount of data to crunch. I have 30 8 bit registers for general use, and my 5 or 6 special registers, and my input pin. But I have 300000000000000 8 bit numbers that I want to add! I can make this work with just the CPU logic. I can do a bunch of serial computations, then record the results by hand, and re-input that result as an input to the next computation over and over again, But dear God, that's boring! Wouldn't it be great if somehow, I could stage all of my information ahead of time, and somehow have the processor look up that information to do it's calculating, with out me having to remember everything for it? The answer to that conundrum is Random Access Memory. It's a separation of concerns if you will. CPU's do computation. That's what they are for. Doing the stuff that might cause a state change. We don't want values sticking around in the processor that aren't changing if we can help it. Once something is done we want it out of the processor so we can accommodate the next state changes. In CS, we tend to have two main axes on which we measure the footprint of computation: CPU time, and space (memory footprint). If I have high space constraints, I can set up the CPU to handle all the state, but for every new computation, I have to reset everything back to basics, and still keep track of all my information. This quickly turns a simple one cycle operation into many cycles worth of operation and bookkeeping about where everything is. Or, If I have memory to write to, I can do my computation, write it out to somewhere that's memory managed, and let the magic Memory Management Unit feed me new data and instructions while also cleaning up results, and holding onto them elsewhere on the motherboard so I can use my full CPU die to do computations more quickly. Look at it like having a helper to get books for you at a library while you're sitting at home reading books and doing math problems. The library is RAM, you are the CPU, and your home is the CPU cache. Without your helper fetching books for you, you have to stop all the time, and take the books you're done with back, check out new ones, go home, and only then start doing math again. (You're not independently wealthy, or psychic, so absurdly big house, or magical access to all of the books by telekinesis is not allowed, sorry!) With your helper, you're doing math (yay!), and he/she's swapping out books to/from the library to keep you running smoothly. Try not to get caught up thinking about wires. Circuits have about as much to do with Computer Science as a scalpel does to Surgery. They're a tool. Nothing more. The important thing is to understand how all the pieces work together to create a functional whole. If you're still confused about why RAM is a thing, let me introduce you to https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ENIAC A computer that, quite literally, was absolutely dependent on the people around it to play the role of "memory" since each computation required rewiring the damn thing. Ain't nobody got the patience for that anymore! Okay. Latter half basically takes the fundamentals of analyzing language vis a vis it's use, and the general transcendental natures of grammars, and applies the same process to technology. So the author posits that there are transcendent grammars which shape our use of various technologies, and that these grammars by necessity transcend their merely technological context, and also incorporate facets of the culture and forms of life of the communities utilizing the technology. Examples I'd extrapolate: Internet/networking as used by Americans: Primarily disseminative in nature. Censorship extremely difficult. Robust. Limitations or control are far harder sells, due to cultural norms. Vs. Internet/networking by China: Tightly controlled. Increasingly difficult to freely/anonymously transact through due to intense regional regulation. Ubiquitous, utilized to enable pervasive Informational Awareness/Personnel tracking. The author focuses on social robots in particular, but to be quite honest, toward the end, I just wasn't getting that much useful. I think there's validity to looking at the ways differences in cultural values will lead the same technology to wildly divergent use cases; there is value there. Not really feeling like there's a breakthrough here though. I'm not quite mind blown enough yet. Hmmm. Well. You're getting closer at least, and you're at least poking the right places of the field for answers, as computer architecture should get you a great deal more insight into what constitutes a CPU. One thing that you might help is to look into Integrated Circuits as well. One thing many don't actively realize is that what we call a CPU in a computer in not the only "processor" in a computer. There are other, more specialized processors which are responsible for providing interfaces between the CPU and hardware peripherals, but which are far more tightly constrained in what they can do. Best I can tell you for now though is that for the most part, you'll rapidly run into non-computing related problems the more you Try to cram into a processor die. Physics still apply, and computation creates heat. Heat degrades the performance of the system, and the more transistors you pack into the same area, the harder it is to keep cool, fabricate accurately, and guarantee the life time of. Also, on die memory opens you up to problems in term of actual circuit layouts. There have been designs where certain alignments of values in the physical chunk of Silicon can have undesired side effects on values stored near them. Rowhammer I believe the phenomena is called. So, specialization ANF separation of concerns won the day. Hope you find what you're looking for! So, it isn't actually. I did a short foray into learning Morse Code, and I ran into what I found to be the biggest barrier to learning new languages. The bloody lookup table phenomena. What happens is your mental representation maps the Morse sequence->your primary language character->whatever the message then actually means. This is a very high overhead mental process, and one specifically advised against by fluent Morse keyers. What you want is to map the Morse pattern->it's representative concept. Example: First mental impl would look like ... -> S --- -> O ... -> S Then you mentally reparse that string to get semantic meaning. Trying to do this for more complex messages blows. Case and point. ..-. --- .-. ....... ... .- .-.. . .-.-.- ....... -... .- -... -.-- ....... -... --- --- - .. . ... .-.-.- ....... -. . ...- . .-. ....... .-- --- .-. -. .-.-.- Imagine that coming over a line at about 13 to 25 wpm. You don't have time to decode and reparse. You need realtime streaming and recognition of word units->meaning. No decode phase, just "oh, that's 'blah'" Same thing applies with other languages. Language is used to nominatively stand in for forms of life. N'est ce pas? In any other language is still indicative of the same form of life/confluence of characteristics, 'is it not?' It's seems easier when you're younger because you aren't fighting the lookup table phenomena because you're still learning your primary language. It's why when learning a new programming language, an escalating series of higher complexity Hello World's you've implemented in other languages can be a godsend in getting up to speed. Thanks. I'll have to check it out! That is, unfortunately, the problem with neural nets in general. They are amazing logical constructs, but there is a fundamental opaqueness to them that absent sufficient neural network mass to convincingly simulate a human, we can't apply the same methods of formal verification and behavioral inference we could for other more specific machine implementations. No one can explain just why certain weights work at certain situations and not others. They just do. Whether someone in the justice system is comfortable effectively legislating from the bench by creating precedent holding companies liable for NN based behavior that there are no hard and fast ways for them to proof test against in the first place is another question however. This is called the Halting Problem. We don't waste time trying to make machines that do that because it's theoretically undecidable. Furthermore, you're then throwing more neural network (that has to be trained improvably across the dataset which we have no proof is the full dataset required to fully enumerate the problem space), to successfully detect the problem areas in the data going into the driving NN for edge cases. Repeat ad absurdum or until most of your self-driving car's energy is consumed trying to solve the Silicon equivalent of Plato's Cave. Or... You just teach people to drive the blessed car, which is what the absolute best a theoretical NN implementation would converge to anyway. The only benefit to a theoretically perfect NN which simulates the average driver being the car doesn't run on a processing system that is adversely effected through the recreational and voluntary (by the processing hardware) application of ethanol to the processing matrix. Well... Thermally speaking, it could end up causing serious problems if someone were dumb enough to build the capability to do that into the car for some daft reason, but we're talking existential failure of computing hardware rather than gradual degradation of functionality like you'd see with a brain, but still I think everyone gets the point and I can stop torturing this poor analogy. Considering that an API is a mere symbolic/semantic gateway closer to a mathematical expression, I'm sorry, your interpretation would seem to be more useless. Nothing says the underlying functionality exposed by an API has to functionally line up. I could implement a persistence layer through Pair(K. V) or any other myriad sets of logic, but just because I use that set characters to render that API in a virtual machine, I should be open to extortion? Programming languages, and API's in particular are useless alone. This is just an attempt to try to monetize a gigantic segment, which if allowed will lead to an inevitable fracturing of just about every semantic convention behind an ever growing wall of lawfare. It's bloody math. Stop trying to treat it like a bloody Widget. For God's sake, you're saying Oracle should be able to gatekeep Pair(K key, V value). Great. So as long as anyone uses that Oracle gets to sue them? Great way to hobble the industry. Or are you seriously going to try to make the argument that all we need to do is change the package names/method signatures of the entire JDK without altering it structurally and we're gold? This is a space where legalese starts to enter its' own butthole without reconciling what you're trying to do with what you're actually doing. That still doesn't solve the problem. Nodes X, Y, and Z reached action potential tells us nada useful about useful about the NN. It's not a question of not being able to run the code in debug; we can absolutely do that. It's a question of the outcome only being dependent on a seemingly random set of numbers which no one can really reason from. That's the issue. With teenagers, we at least have the ability to structure incentives such that they continually improve their driving behavior, and most importantly, they are actually capable of learning after you cut them loose with the car. No hardware upgrades required. The car on the other hand? Not so much. W.r.t another poster's suggestion of the employment of actuarial models: I consider the employment of insurance to be a less than satisfying marshaling of our economic time, and a backdoor social control mechanism that still just makes me fidget. But that's just me. >It's also entirely wrong. It's not. You're asking for a Neural network capable of making generic inferences about the output of another neural network, in real time. That's Halting Problem. Will the data I'm feeding in cause the program I'm running to encounter an edge case (return/not return). You can't generify a neural network beyond it's training set. Cheekyness of the previous post aside, I stand by my statement. Comments that hail the almighty neural network as being anything more than an interesting exercise in feature extraction/input output mapping/information synthesis woefully underestimate the fundamental limitations of the technology. With current technology, short of everyone participating in your network of street cars (hint: many won't) and is a good agent (they won't be), you'll be at the mercy of the same forces that make "driving" such an interesting task today, just in different forms, with more processors involved,and when the NN rewrites happen to need beefier hardware, everybody's vehicle gets recalled. Throw in second and third order social effects (I.e. implementation of multi-spectrum panoptic surveillance networks for exploitation, possibility of remote exploitation of the driving software, decay of the actual skills required to drive safely, and the sudden stranglehold position that the self-driving vehicle manufacturer gets when their customer base gets large enough) leads me to the conclusion that there are a lot more problems to be solved before self-driving anything becomes a no-brainer turn key solution. Consider that now, with thermal cameras being ubiquitous, there is debate over whether your thermal signature is considered "public information" that can be collected and analyzed by law enforcement sans warrant. Next we'll get LIDAR on cars that will have a software application made to tap into the LIDAR feed which would then be capable of reading vibrations off glass with a bit of setup. Does everything you say in your home become public information too just because the cars we drive become mobile labs equipmentwise? That sound cool? Not to me. People need to think beyond first-order outcomes. As programmer or system developer or User alike. Apparently those weren't enough. You also forgot Galloping Girdie. The Tacoma Narrows bridge. That and the rudder reversal problems Boeing had back in the 90's. Everyone hears you, most have taken your words into comsideration but I think the part you're missing is the fact that it was impossible for pilot and airline themselves to remediate problems because knowledge of the system wasn't there until it was too late, and even when information began trickling out from Boeing, it's been so slow, and so insubstantive, as to be worthless, likely because of concerns with legal exposure on Boeing's part. The pilot's absolutely agreed to fly the plane. As far as they knew, it flew like a 737, and they knew everything they needed to know. Boeing revealed as little as they did about MCAS to spare pilot's the "gory details" because the plane was allegedly "just another 737". Information does not perfectly diffuse, and doesn't diffuse at all without effort. Half the outcry over this probably isn't from pilot's or aerodynamicist's at Boeing at all, but from people passionate and informed enough to get the word of the colossal fuck up out in as many ways as possible to the people who need to know it most. I've been in these threads on Hacker News since the Lion Air incident, and held my tongue at many times. Cautioning more and more that new information will drive the development, but in all likelihood, given the facts we have access to, the problems will have occurred in X, Y, Z spots, all of which have origins within Boeing and the FAA as organizations. The FAA delegated responsibility for vetting to Boeing. Boeing CHOSE to accept that mantle of trust, then discarded the integrity part as soon as the bottom line was threatened by a competitor. Airlines fly planes. They don't make them. That was Boeing's job, and they cashed in on the better part of a century of goodwill, and torched the entire pile by delivering a complete failure in terms of their own responsibility to the public. We get it. You think the pilots and airlines should shoulder the blame too. Understood. Many though, myself included, understand that the world runs on incomplete information transfer between designers and operators, and given that, an enormous responsibility is put on designers of industrial scale systems to take extra care to make sure that "unintuitive designs" are very clearly documented and made known to their operators who will have lives and property on the line. Buying the planes from Boeing came with an implicit trust on the part of airlines that anything different to look out for would be clearly communicated. That didn't happen. They relied on Boeing doing that part. Boeing failed. The fact that armchair aeronautics engineers got to the root cause in such a short time, with so little information beyond the FDR means that it is not unreasonable for the professional engineers at Boeing whose raison d'être is to design safe planes to have caught it. I don't think anyone here has such a severe grudge against Boeing's existence to just go after them for merely existing. Many, or at least I, am just awestruck at the magnitude of collective failure that occurred. The data all points to them. Of everyone involved, they alone had both the means and onus to prevent what happened. But it didn't. So here we are. Something needs to be done, we have very specific rules about how to do it, but nevertheless, something has to changed. We owe at least that to the lost that their unwitting and tragic sacrifice shall not have been in vain. The families that have been broken; the sons, daughters, mothers, fathers, and grandparents who will never arrive at their destination demand it. Our integrity, "Our" being those of the will, hubris, and capability to take the lives and fates of others in the embrace of our works, demands it. Somewhere, at some point, complacency, and cultural degradation happened for whatever reason. It must be exposed. The historical annals decorated once more in blood, that we never lose sight of the cost of any shirking of our responsibility again. How else than this, and the penance/contrition of any directly involved, can justice truly be served? Pack the engineering elitism up, please. It doesn't help anyone at all, and just leads to flamewar. I"m a professional tester of things, and a metrology nerd to boot. Yes. It is self bloody evident that different measurements (read: tests) require different methodologies, optimizations, set-ups, and execution procedures. It doesn't change the fact that you still must do envelope testing to ensure your approach to failure is what your analysis says it is. Do you take it all the way to destruction? No. However, you take it into every conceivable recoverable error state so you know not just the positive behavior of the system, but the negative ones as well. With flying in particular, this means you have to be transparent with your test pilots. Wanna know why? They don't make test plans. They fly them. You, as the tester trying to test something should treat them as your test executor. You are the tester. The asker of questions. Obtainer of data, verifier of assertions, and the one mofo there with the mandate (whether anyone else likes it or not) to hold up the entire show until you get your result, or they fire you, whichever comes first. The firing isn't even a big deal when you know beyond a shade of a doubt the question must be asked. That's the kind of outcome that leads to living forever. Pilot's aren't software people! They're operators! They expect some things can fail, and that you're giving them the knowledge ahead of time to know what to do to save the aircraft. Information doesn't magically propagate. It takes effort. It takes someone getting out of their chair and having a chat, sending an email, something. Software testers definitely have it easy with all those fangled debuggers, and not having to gas up a plane and file flight plans and what not, but that means absolutely jack and squat here where software and hardware integrations were not tested to sufficient rigor. But we're all just looking for the truth. There was truth that needed to be brought into the light, but wasn't. That's our problem here. We need to get down to the bottom of it, and I don't care what anyone's field of study is if they can shed some substantive light on how to keep something like this from happening again. How's that work anyway? I thought their certification on transmitters was meant to certify that the design didn't emit any extra RF noise other than that it was intended to, that the power of the generated signal was commensurate with its' intended use, and that it fell within a frequency band that wasn't reserved for something else. The only thing that really chafes for me with the FCC is their absolute retardation with Internet regulation, and I'm still not sure I'm 100% okay with idea of "spectrum auctions". I get the idea behind it, but I seriously question the wisdom of anything that basically self-selects for corporate ownership over anyone else. Still a bit of a noob on the RF scene though, so I've probably got nil real insight into the real reason the FCC is actually doing a good job. That's the rub. Let's plan a theoretical test case. At a minimum, you'd need two maintenance guys, maybe one and a pair of tools. One guy to tweak the sensor outside (as several hundred mile per hour airstreams aren't exactly in plentiful supply, or easy and trivial to reconfigure in a hangar near you), and a guy in the cockpit, reading off the measurement on the computer against some sort of calibration chart. The "tweaking" part would probably be done with some sort of precision test mount (that I doubt they even build into the plane.) Also, odds are, you'd only detect very specific types of disagrees on the ground. Bad springs should be trivially deducible from the forces required to create measurable deflections. Bad potentiometer connections should be deduceable from checking output voltage against the component spec sheet while deflecting. Unfortunately, this dive into Electrical Engineering won't stop until you've taken into account every length of wire and eventually, every circuit board and line of code between that sensor and the avionics suite. If some FOD for instance, was slowly wearing through the wiring and insulation leading from the sensor to the computer, or an inductive cross-talk event occurred, or something shorted. Etc, etc. And all of this work and diagnostics would need to be done by someone whose documentation told them the AoA sensor was a non-critical component so the manufacturer could cut corners. Oh yes. Been here before. Way. Too. Many. Times. Not in safety critical systems , mind, but oh the web's I've seen woven. Because the third party auditor (the FAA) has had it's operating budget slashed so viciously, it can't compete in attracting the talent required for independent certification. Remember, to regulate something, you need to be 10% smarter than what you are regulating. Which means you have to be able to make sure you can attract the best talent possible. As a regulator, you have to be on your game all the time. The regulated just need to get lucky once to get away with what they shouldn't. For Lion Air, he remedied the symptom; he realized there was some sort of periodic trim runaway, and guided them to remedy it with Stab Trim cutout without having any intrinsic understanding of what the cause or underlying principle of the runaway was. Big difference. Still didn't do anything for the fellows on the next flight. >MCAS wasn't designed because "autopilot systems cannot cope with AoA disagree." MCAS couldn't handle AoA disagree, that's the whole crux of the problem. >- MCAS wasn't enabled at all when autopilot was. Only manual flying Correct. - MCAS was designed to simulate the non-Max 737's thrust curve to maintain a similar type rating FOR PILOTS. It had nothing to do with autopilot at all. Incorrect. Ish. MCAS has squat to do with thrust curves, it has to do wit control force curves. Namely bringing the amount of control column force at high AoA needed to achieve further increases in AoA in line with the expectations of a trained 737 pilot. The rest of that point is accurate though. >MCAS used trim to counter-act an overeager upwards angle during key parts of the flight like take-off. It used electronic trim to accomplish this and a single AoA sensor to determine when. Incorrect-ish. Yes, take-off would be one of the more likely places to run into an MCAS activation, but generally speaking, even that rotation doesn't come anywhere near the AoA MCAS was meant to deal with, and to boot, flaps being engaged disables the MCAS system. >This forced the Ethiopian Airline pilots into a difficult choice; and they ultimately decided to re-enable electronic trim and use the yoke trim switch (which is more powerful) to fix the trim. Unfortunately MCAS trimmed the aircraft further, they lost control, and the aircraft crashed. Trim switch is higher priority , but not more powerful per se. the trim switch was clearly overwhelmed in terms of MCAS's ability to command trim changes in 2.5 degree increments five seconds after the release of the yoke trim switch as long as it detected the high AoA. Not sure whether those trim switches are continuous direct drive (I.e. jackscrew turned as long as the switch is held down) or discrete (updates the jackscrew motors to move to next position over time, only to be overridden by MCAS five seconds later). Other than that, that looks like a fairly good summary. Never mind that none of Southwest's current pilot's would be able to fly while recerting on the A220, or at least would be able to fly less since they'd have to work on building up A220 flight hours. My God. He talks about wiping out cities, and he's worried about balance sheets. I understand the context around it, but damn. That's cold. Sometimes I am left in awe at the level of of mental overloading human beings are capable of that leads to statements like that. >Boeing will not be relying solely on its executives to win back the public’s trust — a recognition that its leadership has lost some good will. That's putting it mildly. Seems to me they should be putting as much effort into their engineering, quality, and manufacturing departments. That'd likely put them in a much better place to reclaim goodwill. Props to the unions for sticking to their guns. I hope they hold out for a full acceptance of responsibility from Boeing. The age of faultless corporatism needs to come to a close. Now's as good a time to start as ever. This is part of what finally broke my gaming habit actually. The other part was a resentment at constantly having things changed out from under you as a player. After a certain point, I realized I could probably put a bit more effort into making my mark on the real world, where at least I had the satisfaction of knowing I'd accomplished something that wouldn't disappear just because some 0's and 1's got jumbled. And that is the smoking gun I was waiting for. All the ingredients for an ineffective Quality Assurance are there. A)Selecting the most junior engineers as certification authorities B) Emphasis on testing and defect discovering as non-value adds (the article quotes at least one manager referring to it as "polishing an apple") C) Active suppression of legitimate defect reporters (engineers let go or otherwise ostracized for legitimate defect reporting) D) Undermining of labor's ability to act as a check valve to management taking the company into dangerous waters (South Carolina plant) E) Engineering around regulations instead of just building the plane that needed to be built and accepting the cost. (No simulator time became a non-negotiable marching order due to the emphasis on cost cutting) F) Misaligned incentives and strategy after the McDonnell Douglas merger (Forget the box [plane], people already assume it's high quality. Focus on the financial/value engineering in order to maximize shareholder value.) F is especially damning, since part of that financial value engineering was heavy reliance on outsourcing, which if you don't combine with a strong Quality first in-house QA team to manage the acceptance criteria, leads to debacles like the supposed to be standard, but not AoA disagree warning. This is a corporate behavior pattern that must absolutely be avoided in life/safety critical systems. At the end of the day, the laws of physics give not two shits over what shareholder value you've created, or how many people's lives it will cost. It is only the will of your engineers to proof the plane against catastrophe that will result in a product that won't come back to haunt you later. It's okay to keep up some pressure on cost; but at the end of the day, safety and Quality must win. The system must be modelable from just what is in your engineer's head, backed up by your spec docs, in a reasonable amount of time. I'd like to know more about how point D played into this mess as well. In all these stories, I'm not seeing much information on what the union was actually doing to try to improve the situation. I know there were walkouts, but most of the reporting focused on those being focused on wages, work conditions, etc. Typical important union stuff. However, that "stuff" is like the cosmic microwave background of labor relations. It seems like quality/safety concerns should have been a bright point on somebody's map of stuff to run down. If not, why? Were people raising safety/quality issues with Union reps? Were those concerns effectively received and recommunicated by union reps? Or just translated or left to fall by the side in the interests of the typical union agenda items? If Union reps accurately represented concerns which were reported to management, did management understand the message? Or did they oversimplify the problem to "let's avoid the unions"? Who made that decision? If not, where did the breakdown in communication occur? What caused the breakdown? There's a fairly complex social web of influence at play in workplaces, doubly so with Unions, and I think this is a serious enough case that everyone involved should have at least some investigation done on them, if only to illuminate a new corner case in how not to handle concerns with safety critical work. As Demmings would say "A system is perfectly tuned to yield the results it produces." What else about Boeing, and it's employee relations made it manufacture such a lethal breakdown in communication? By no means is this "apple polishing". No amount of polish puts a glimmer on 300+ corpses. The aviation industry is actually pretty notorious for tight lippedness given that it's a sector that has higher than normal cross-section with National Security concerns. A lot of information that has come out has likely been lead to by the fact there are people who can tell others where to look, and what questions to ask who aren't bound by any sort of an NDA, or any concerns of getting blackballed by the industry. That's my guess anyway. A little bit of knowledge, speaking the lingo, and an independent perspective goes a long way toward piercing through the veil of institutional secrecy. The truly arcane is very infrequently the root cause of a severe problem in my experience. Almost every high severity problem results from the seed of problems endemic to the culture that has been architected in a workplace. If you have a culture that discourages costly non-value adds (and is daft enough to consider Quality/Safety Assurance a non-value add), you're going to have blind spots that will come back to haunt you. Engineers may not find it a naturally comfortable course of action to speak up and hold people accountable, right down to requiring a manager to deliver to you a signed piece of paper swearing that X or Y will not happen because reasons, and it is the decision of that this path of inquiry is not productive enough to follow, for you to then pin your rebuttal to and send up formal chains of authorization; creating that dastardly paper trail that makes everyone squirm. I don't even pull that one out unless it is something particularly egregious, and at that it would usually only be after getting the ball rolling to bring about a culture change to undo the myopia that has clearly set in already to allow things to degenerate to that point. Nobody wants to be the bad guy, or think they are working for the bad guy, which makes it d difficult at times to assume the mantle of That Guy, but that's where your people who really do Quality thrive. It doesn't make you super popular or get you invited to fancy parties, but if you stick to it, you'll become one of the most positive forces for change wherever you are. Until you run into the Liar up the chain of command of course. Then the politics commence, and victory/positive outcomes are not guaranteed. And Quality people seldom have golden parachutes. Oh, come on. You have to have an old phone lying around to factory reset for shits and giggles. Not like they'd burn good zero days on a publicity stunt. Remember, this thing'll be getting picked apart by everybody considering the source. Unless you're afraid of getting black bagged that i... If you have been following, in one of the pieces over the last week or so reported that they outsourced the software. Which begs the question of who signed off on the acceptance tests. You don't. Remember, it's like having your mother-in-law preside over your divorce proceeding. With all due respect were you here before the 20th century? Was anyone looking at this site? There's an old bit of cross-generational wisdom that I can't quite find the provenance of, but damnit, I know I've seen it before, and it goes something like: >Let the wars of the past die with those who fought them. The point being, they fought the fight that you wouldn't have to live in the same world, and fight the same battles they did. That was then, this is now, and we even have precedent of what hasn't worked historically to help guide us. Let the sin of the parent reflect not on the child. The child is born into a world which is shaped around them until such time as they too can contribute to reshaping the societal fabric. The phrase fits into such controversial ideologies just as much as mainstream ones because it describes a pattern, nothing more. The thing that makes the jihadi and fascist interpretations of it controversial is the course of actions they believe it justifies. Not the pattern itself. Now, more on topic. There is value in understanding "where you came from", and the path previously tread. Moving [society/the species] forward is difficult when you don't even understand what was being moved away from in the first place, and why. Heck, you don't even understand the direction you're going in the ideological landscape if you can't reconcile the required ethics of your sociological end condition with a physical environment capable of supporting them. People see things in different ways, because everyone is mentally equipped with a different view of the puzzle of survival in the physical world. I might, as a hypothetical, understand how to guide a group through an environment, and build a sustainable community given the physical constraints, while being largely blind to the norms and emotional needs of those in it. This is why we're social creatures. We balance off one another so the collective can perpetuate. But if we all get stuck in the past, and dig up every skeleton to have a crusade over, we're never going to get anywhere, or do anything to leave the next generation in a better starting place than what we had to start with; and I think deep down we can all agree that is a reasonable goal, yes? To leave the world (and those in it) in a better condition for us having lived than not? So... What happens when you run out of people willing to hand you money until you actually pay them back? What you describe assumes someone is always willing to take the gamble on will you make good. That's one hell of an assumption. It's called a high-trust society. It is the gift granted to you by your forebearers. Use it wisely, and preserve it for those after you please. Thou dost protest too much. In human interaction, it is often the case that specific exhortations not to do something with only concessions explaining why it's so great for the non-exhorting party tends to be interpreted as the exhorter having something to gain by doing so. In a mutually beneficial contract like employment, if someone specifically went out of their way to tell me not to unionize, that's the first sign a Union might be a damn good idea. Given that as time goes on, and unions fade further and further from the limelight as youngsters take over who have never had much union interaction except through stories from grandparents, it strikes me as disingenuous to acknowledge the company's right to post backhanded smears of the right of labor to organize without tempering it with a bit of perspective. The fact this campaign puts off such slimy vibes (I've seen less slimy cigarette ads, and that's saying something) entitles Delta to be treated with whatever scorn and loss of goodwill this move generates. Free country and all, right? The problem with Unions is that by definition, they never have as much oomph at the table as the employer, since their war chest is a function of what the employer is already paying. In a great touch of irony, this means that the most exploited workers are frequently those who have the most trouble parting with income to support forming a Union. However, it just so happens that by instituting one, the Union can become itself more equal in what it can run down and discover about the company itself, creating a more equal entity sitting across from the corporate lawyers on the other side of the table. What everyone wants is for company and employee alike to just play fair. When only one of you has the financials on your side however... Well that quickly goes out the window. All in all, I think Unions should make a bigger comeback during times when the labor force is getting shafted. Is that time now? I'm not sure. Haven't checked their financials. >So what? So people should consider the source, and what said source would prefer you not do with 700 dollars a year. There is something they have to gain by doing it, why else invest the man hours in the propaganda? Therefore, prudence cautions that one should look into whether or not this so called union may be a net positive thing to contribute to. >What perspective is that, exactly? There's no smear here. They're stating their view. No, they aren't. A statement of their actual view would be "Work with us! Cut out the middle man! Don't make it difficult for us to work with you by bothering with one of those fangled Unions (who can actually fact check us, and wield enough leverage where we might actually have to take you seriously). It's much easier on us to sweep your complaints under the rug, or make decisions effecting you if we don't have to deal with a collective bargaining unit!" Let's be honest, Delta gives not a care about the worker's entertainment habit. The message is clearly "don't unionize". Which is a fundamental right of the labor force. It's like a company looking you in the face and saying "You don't need that free speech, freedom of assembly, right to be free of religion based discrimination, and right to due process or civil redress anyway. Just leave those all at the door." While many will contend the Bill of Rights only covers the government; in general, operating in such a way that civil rights are violated openly merely because you are a private entity tends to be a newsworthy event, and invites scandal, protest, and worker discontent; which makes unionization all the more likely of an eventual outcome. The perspective that must be tacked on, is that laborer's have as much a right to organize themselves to deal with their employers (who have entire departments dedicated to making sure they can get the most work for the lowest price, and put up a substantial legal defense of it if neceossary). This has been necessary before, and may very well be again. >All you've done here is re-assert your negative emotional valence. Not given any sort of explanation for it. I asserted it's a free country, and just as the employee is free to not unionize if things seem to be going well enough, the company is free to run poor taste campaigns against labor organization which really accomplish nothing but making people realize that maybe a Union would be a good idea, and that you're telegraphing to your customer base (who may include Union members in other industrial verticals) just what your stance on worker's rights are. This means you are also free to suffer the consequences of said customer's getting miffed, and taking their business elsewhere on principle. Seems a bit odd to have to spell it out, but I appreciate your point, even if I do think you may need to pay a bit more attention to the forces at play in the world around you if you've not experienced any of the above yet. This doesn't make much sense seeing as the gasoline tax burden of an electric car should be getting picked up by the power company. Though, seeing as gas taxes are frequently used as proxies for road usage, I can see the concern. One can't get a thumb on road usage based on KWh from the power company or the gas used to generate that additional power since bigger turbines are quite a bit more efficient than car engine's at capturing the energy from burning a unit of fuel. Also, full EV's (at least sedans) tend to be heavier than their ICE counterparts. This may not seem to have much impact, but the damage done by a vehicle rolling down a road goes up with 4th power of the weight transferred to the surface per axle. Small increases in weight have increasingly large repercussions for road maintenance over time. I actually don't see a Machiavellian motive here. Somebody just realized that the old proxy for road usage tax to raise money for road upkeep wouldn't work for full electric vehicles. Now whether or not they did a good job at articulating why they were doing it, I leave as an exercise to the student. However, I think I could live with this. I kinda wish the formulas and math involved for stuff like policymaking for upkeep of public infrastructure was a bit more accessible. I feel like if people had a function to look at that didn't necessarily require a bunch of esoteric engineering knowledge to make sense of, tax policymaking could be treated more as the collective action mechanism it should be rather than the bogeyman everyone makes it out to be. Not that that'll ever happen. An interesting read to be sure. Definitely some valid points, However, before we lynch or demonize the Engineers, I'd like to offer a rebuttal. The article demonizes and laments that the Engineer has no sense of ethical self-moderation, while not at the same time acknowledging that our society is driven by financial success, and the incentive structure which rewards capacity to facilitate capital growth has as it's inputs the wills of those with the most capital at stake. Taking the article seriously, if the Engineer is an amoral tool, the tool is being guided by the hand that guides the majority of capital. Mind, the Engineer is reacting to the same forces as everyone else. They have a certain set of skills, and the willingness to apply them, and are driven by the same desire to achieve success in life. To make use of his/her skills to create and make real, the Engineer needs tool, fuel, means of production, workspace, necessities of life for him/herself and anyone else he/she works with. In our society, this is rationed out by access to, and ability to acquire capital based on the promise of positive value output or indirect contribution in some way to positive value output at some time. What the article seems to be wishing for is that Engineers stop making things that can be used for evil. That they choose worthy outlets of their power to utilize the technology to further anything that could potentially be used, yet reject anything with the capacity to limit the freedom of it's beneficiaries. I don't think anyone , most of all engineers, want engineers calling those shots. If nothing else, no one else has any conception of just how burdensome it is to be capable of feeding forward models of your own actions through a mind sufficiently honed with enough engineering know how. It can completely paralyze you. The making of things is trivial. Detail and clarity of thinking is needed, yes. However, once you start asking the really tough questions of engineering, is where the nightmare fuel comes from. What will other's do with what I would create? Hell, if you want a good example of an illustrative piece of art that should be seared into every engineer or scientist's head, look into The Protomen, Act II The Father of Death. Look into Dr. Frankenstein, look into Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 1984 Brave New World. Would you prefer not to have the Internet? Pharmaceuticals? Gene therapies? Robotics? We (Engineers) hear the cries of those around us, and walk a razor's edge. "We want safety!" "We want convenience!" "We want to be able to spread information!" "We want strictest secrecy!" "We want freedom from drudgery, misery, hunger and disease!" "We want freedom from 'the System' being able to compel us!" "We want to be brought together and be heard!" "But not by them!, and don't want to be silenced." How to hit the right balance of enablement, while keeping the worst potential outcomes at bay? You can't account for it in the process itself, and once the genie is out of the bottle, it's out. No going back. Once you proved it can be done, everyone else knows they can do it. The hardest thing as an engineer, is to use what faculties they've been gifted with, to guide their actions in ways that keep the "me and mine's" happy and alive without sacrificing one's conscience to the gods of financial expedience. As long as the survival of the Engineer, and the survival of those around them is underpinned by fiscal constraints, Mammon will guide the invisible hand. That's the system that we chose. This is the outcome that decision creates. A bit fatalistic? Maybe. But it's what we've all got to work with, and suggestions for alternatives never seem to pass the test of getting past the action filter of political viability to gain any momentum that can produce a successful alternative. Do the world a favor. Get your priorities straight and communicable, and build consensus. If you want it, it'll be made. Just don't expect the maker's to be omniscient, or to be particularly in favor of putting their heads on the block when someone unscrupulous comes around and starts ruining things for everyone. >A cynical man could be inclined to think that with this change, they casually removed a possibility of pilots/airlines realizing the existence of MCAS: "we have thrown off the right switch to unlink the autopilot from the trim motor and there is still something making automated stabilizer inputs, what could it be?" It's worse actually. They've taken a procedure, and are raising it on a pedestal as if to say "See, this is how a 737 flies! It's all right there! You can stop looking now!" It's as if they don't want anyone to realize that this plane simply does not fly like a 737. Which is what has been getting shouted from the rooftops since the first disaster. What I find wickedly ironic was it was exactly Boeing's insistence to "not inundate" flight pilot's with technical information, and give an accurate accounting of the vast differences in the minute details of the aircraft that created the problem. Someone looked at the checklist item of "both stab trim switches to cutout", didn't look into what that actually meant, and changed the plane to fit the procedure. This change cost extra effort. Instead of using the same switches and wiring they were using before, they actually degraded the granularity of control of the plane to hide the differences. I can't imagine the thought process at the time. Be nice to see what the documentation turns up. Given. However, in Engineering, it is totally expected that when you start getting into areas that sketchy, you say "No. The best I can do is this. I'm sorry." Instead, Boeing saw dollar signs, and threw caution and people's lives, and years of good will to the winds. To clarify, since this seems to be a slight misreading of one of my comments. The original one is https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19568158 and was written at night, so there's some loopy phrasing in there I never corrected. Let me unpack some of it to fit the context here. The pressure applied on the stick itself does not change. Rather, the function of how much deflection you get out of the plane per unit force applied to the stick changes. Design regulations state an airframe for which this curve at any point goes negative cannot be certified as a civil transport airplane. That means, there should be no point in the flight envelope where the sensitivity of the controls drastically changes. It should be a predictable increase in force required to get more deflection, all the way to stall. With the MAX without MCAS, this rule is broken at high AoA when the engine nacelles start making lift. MCAS is meant to compensate for this necessary breakage by inducing some mistrim. The effect of mistrim in that case is to cause the controls to require more force to induce those last few degrees of deflection, using the AoA sensor as the primary indicator as to whether the system should activate, in order to bring the curve into compliance. The problem, as hinted by the response to my post in that thread, is that an honest to god stick-pusher would be more akin to the system you'd want for that. Adding the AoA sensor as a single point of failure is insane, due to the consequences should that sensor start spewing garbage data in normal flight. Most of those are realizations I came to after stumbling across a Royal Aeronautics Society interview of D.P. Davies, a British test pilot for the ARB, the aircraft certification authority for the U.K., which I believe I linked in the comment. At the time I wrote it I was in the midst of a deep dive into the more arcane aspects of control systems. I have some literature tucked away somewhere that I was referencing, bit I'd need to dig rather deep in my browsing history to recover all the context. An interesting historical note: MCAS is similar to a system McDonnell Douglas implemented in MD-11's (LSAS, Longitudinal Stability Augmentation System) for the same reasons as Boeing eventually implemented MCAS: to be able to claim that the new aircraft flew just like the old MD-10. Makes one wonder if someone brushed the dust off something that really shouldn't have been emulated again after the merger. That is a despicable, and dishonest thing to do, and there are people who are more than happy to act as repeaters to make sure people know Boeing's NewPlane (TM) is just a rebrand of the MAX, with a healthy dose of "this is how stupid Boeing thought you were." Such a move would be ill-advised. Also note, Airbus has had issues where pilots are so used to the machine not letting them do something stupid, that direct law has caught them by surprise. Automation creates complacency, which can be lethal when things go wrong. He didn't RTFM actually. They performed Crew Resource Management, and he was able to focus his attention on controls the other two pilots didn't have time to manage. Hence noticing the trim wheels running amok. Got it in one. The problem with that is that that basically ensures most blue laws stay on the books by way of legislative DoS. As every repeal bill takes up the same legislative slot as adding a new law. An approach with sunset dates ensure the most important laws are at the forefront of national discourse, and ensures that lawmaking doesn't degenerate to "keep trying til you pass it, then smooth sailing because no one ever actively looks at these things anyway." Legislated law is not something to be treated lightly; especially at the Federal level in the United States, where the protection of liberty is a first class objective of the government's existence in the first place. Vote to uphold, I assert, is a clearer demonstrator of the Will of the People rather than vote to repeal. Vote to Repeal allows refuge in obscurity for keeping laws in force that most would not even wish to have in effect just by virtue of the majority of people being ignorant of them. Also, it cuts down on the tendency of law scholasticism to create a privileged class through the exploitation of loopholes, and archaic blue laws. If a law is truly worth having, let it be tested in the fires of reaffirmation. That which is without question, should pass with minimal controversy. That which is in woeful need of update or reformulation, will be brought to the forefront of the national consciousness and reshaped to better serve the interests of the Public. That which is no longer the Will of the People may be safely set aside to fade into the gentle repose of history, and the Public shall enjoy a restored liberty for it's having done so. My two cents. Sounds like a hell of a lot of work for the judiciary to sort through the morass created by never acknowledging or dealing with increasing anachronistic cruft created by "pass it once" legislation. To the point a citizen sans law degree (or to a point with one) doesn't necessarily know where they stand. Laws are, and should be treated as maintenance items. If you can't be bothered to have a token yes vote, it doesn't belong on the books. If nothing else, it also keeps the culture intact, and gives a more realistic rendering of your long term representatives voting proclivities and priorities. It forces politicians to take a position, and live up to it instead of taking refuge in building their career around niche special interests. I acknowledge there are good points being made, and that yes, there has to be a willingness to change the way we approach the legislative process. I still believe it would not be as problematic as people think. There's second and third order incentives created to have better discipline with regards to the structuring of legislation in order to facilitate easy processing by those bound by it, and those charged with reaffirming. This manifests as a disincentive to create rider networks on unrelated bills, the ability to structure congressional committees around bundles of related subject matter (a procedure that currently works), and it allows the new voter to at least have their voice heard, and vote counted in regards to fundamental issues of the laws they are bound by. This takes it from something other people forced on you, to something you voted for. This would greatly increase the closeness of the voter to their government. Should dramatic upset happen, it represents a signal that a cultural consensus needs to be arrived at. I doubt that the vast majority of people are so deluded to not be able to agree on the basics on a regular basis. I do, however, think that there may be a preference for less mainstream political movement in the absence of a requirement to agree on the fundamentals with regularity. Polarization becomes much more difficult when we're forced to come to a compromise to preserve what is truly important. And what is truly important is that which can be passed no questions asked. Deadlock is the gift of the Founders, but getting something done, even if it was a foregone conclusion, goes a long way to maintaining faith in the system. And guess what? In X so many years, if the legislative process doesn't pan out...just let it drop, and go back to what worked. Nothing even structurally changes. It's just default bill behavior that does. No, we're back to, "why the heck didn't Boeing honor the regulatory requirement for simulator training, and tell American it was the best you could do?" Clearly, the condition is recoverable, with simulator training . Throw in a triple redundant AoA sensor on top of the training, plus the inclusion of MCAS implementation details in the training material, and things would likely have had a much higher chance of being dealt with without loss of life. Would Boeing have had a harder sell? Yes. Would there have been a non-zero chance of losing out on the order? Yes. Would 300+ people currently be pulp? I think not. I have a great deal of respect for the skill pilots develop. They are only human however, and are therefore subject to the same weakness of not being omniscient. If MCAS was the bullet, Boeing's opaque communication, and refusal to not game aviation certification regulations was the gun. Of that, I'm fairly certain. What plays the trigger pull in this sordid affair is the last thing that remains to be declared, but there are some seriously bright neon signs pointing at either somewhere in Chicago, or at the culture as a whole at Boeing. Let the digging continue. Let's see how deep the rabbit hole goes. Didn't read the entire thing. Going to register later. I actually wonder whether anyone with access to the simulator has tried pulsing the trim switches in sub 4 second intervals. Which depending on how the trim switches work, (I.e. are they continuously coupled, or do they act by moving around a discrete set-point) might be able to fend off MCAS by constantly resetting the time until reactivation long enough to give the trim system time to neutralize. If something like that were done, a recovery below 5000AGL may be possible. It's not by a long shot the most intuitive approach out there, and it doesn't generalize well, but for the specific MCAS behavior that's been revealed it may work. (If there's any 737 pilots out there with insight, I'd be giddy if you'd offer some perspective.) I believe every teenage flight enthusiast has dreamed of doing this maneuver. A good way to visualize it, I've found, is imagine the low pressure area created by the wing as a bubble attached to the aircraft, "sucking" the aircraft up. Imagine the air going under the wing as analogous to the surface of a lake. The more the plane diverges from parallel to the airstream, the stronger the tendency for the bubble to suck through the "shadow" created in the airstream, and the plane to "skip" on the surface (the air getting pushed under the airfoil). In reality, these are two different ways of illustrating the same force. This visualization though, let's you pick out two different aspects. Air is a fluid. Just like water will follow the edge of a pan when you pour it, the curvature of an airfoil does the same thing with air flowing by. Those nacelles basically enhance the surface area across which that pressure differential acts through. In short, generating extra lift, "pulling" the plane up more, (or pushing, if you prefer looking at it from the skipping stone aspect) creating more lift, all the way into a stall condition. While the FAA has allowed it, not all aircraft have been certified to fly in all airspace without safety systems to prevent stalls. Give the D. P. Davies Interview, recorded by the Royal Aeronautics Society a listen, and you'll learn how the 727 was not allowed to be certified in the U.K. without a stick pusher equipped. I think it's this one. https://www.aerosociety.com/news/audio-the-d-p-davies-interv... If not that one then this one. https://www.aerosociety.com/news/audio-the-d-p-davies-interv... Edit: 2nd one I think is the one I'm remembering. Pumping the first one, because...well, it's just damn interesting. Hmmm. Then unfortunately we'll have to wait for that to be implemented I suppose. If the algorithm is as it has been described, it may work, but at this point is moot. The damage has been done. Actually, that statement, >"For flight-critical software, I don’t think you want us to rush, rush it faster.” may come back to haunt them, given it doesn't line up with the paperwork they filed, or with anything about the way they tried to get the plane certified. The fact he said that before the investigation completed implies they knew how critical MCAS was. Something tells me "that was just talk!", will not go over well. EDIT: deparaphrased quote. Eh... As attractive as it sounds, and as viscerally satisfying as the Sheriff's posse approach would be, the problem is that everyone is entitled to due process. And in terms of criminal liability, that involves stapling the crime to various real people, and proving a case against them. At a minimum, Boeing is facing potential exposure for: -Corporate Manslaughter -Fraud -Securities Fraud -Criminal Negligence -Product Liability Those are just the major ones I can think of off the top of my head. There's probably interesting flavors of -Making false statements to Federal Agents -Perjury And a host of other exotic crimes players in this debacle can be charged with, if you had an AG with the interest and will to hit them with every reasonably provable charge. Magic 8 ball says there will be investigations into the part played by executives, getting to the root of who was pushing the deceptive documentation, design, and sales decisions. They get criminal charges. Boeing gets sued for securities fraud and settles or otherwise pays out. Civil suits for victims family's will likely be paid by insurer's/the Federal Government (likely pitched as a surprising diplomatic concession, really a National Security concession). FAA or Congress may surprise and crack down on Boeing, laying down a plan where the executive leadership gets swapped out, mandatory culture/operational revamp under Federal supervision for some number of years. (Boeing has too much National Security impact to have the plug completely pulled). Mmmm. MAX probably get refits/regulatory waivers of various flavors; pilots/Flight Attendants will be the primary determinant on how much has to get done. Combined Boeing/Pilots/Flight Attendants Unions run a PR campaign, vouching for MAX's safety. Planes return to service, and eventually the public begrudgingly returns to their normal flying habits. 737 line is probably officially on it's deathbed. FAA may see some major scrutiny, and possible budget increases depending on political will. And the world turns. Yes! If you are in a context where your software has significant implications on the state of a physical system, you must be willing to work with the other engineers to make sure you've accommodated all the eventualities you can. Part of being an Engineer is knowing what you don't know, yet following through and making sure you connect with the people who do in order to ensure all relevant questions are asked and answered. Magic 8 ball is... Inconclusive. Boeing will likely have to submit to additional certification internationally, and possibly additional retrofits to bring it into parity with at a minimum the same level of redundancy that Airbus is held to (for the EU at least). Enough dice were cast that it would be diplomatically/economically inconvenient for the EU to lock out the MAX entirely without seriously inconveniencing every other country that invested in building out their fleets with them. 8 ball is not saying that the EU doesn't have the wherewithal to stone wall Boeing, but... somehow more air traffic is likely to be seen as more satisfying to the palate in the long run than any gains to be had by grandstanding too hard against American Corporate Corruption in the short term. Short answer: IDE's, compilers, and other tools of the software engineering profession should absolutely not be treated as the tools of a privileged class. However, certain contexts in which software can be applied should be subject to an expectation of higher scrutiny, and entail compulsory cross-disciplinary knowledge acquisition and application of expertise. You want to hack kernel code? Knock yourself out! You want to make that code responsible for operating an airplane? Bust out The Complete Engineer's Guide to Jargon, and don thy pocket protector, because it's gonna be a bumpy ride to build the consensus that that piece of software you wrote is is actually the right tool for the job. Long Answer: You're mot getting it. It's not about having/being a PE. It's about knowing when the stakes are high enough where you need to talk with them, and make sure that you are making full use of their expertise in their subject area, and that they have full use of your understanding of writing software to ensure all your bases, behaviors, inputs/outputs, and edge cases are covered by tests, implementation, and appropriate requirements. That means, for example, looking at the MCAS requirements, scratching your chin, picking up the phone, and calling the System Engineer the requirements percolated down from to figure out what happens on the path from sensor to entry point? What other pieces of data may be appropriate to include? If you have no tolerance for asking meddlesome questions in the process of making a system which as written, has the capacity to pitch a plane into the ground, you are probably not ready to be put in charge of that implementation. Write your Linux kernel in your own time however you want. But there is a time and a place for everything, and implementing hacks in a flight control system (which you as an individual should know is covered by regulatiin), is not the time to "Yes" Man. If you spend 90% of your time talking to people until the design is so solidified enough that everyone will have the schematic pop up in their dreams until the end of their days; then you're doing it right. And at the end of the day, if you throw up your hands and hit the "Fine! I won't question this!" button regardless of that situation, and code that piece of software that enables an unsafe design to kill 300+ people... Then congratulations, you just learned this life lesson the hard way. By being a contributory factor to the deaths of 300+ people. Engineering done wrong kills people. Fact of the territory. Please don't skimp when it truely matters . Even if no one may find out in reality, go into every project assuming once you die, you'll have to answer for every decision you made in life and ask, if I was taken to task for this, would I truly be comfortable that I've asked all the right questions? If you can sleep at night without doing that on a Flight Control System... Please don't seek employment in the writing software for the aviation field any more critical than the infotainment system. I'm not trying to be elitist. It just is that complex , and the consequences of a shoddy job are that catastrophic . You can't fool physics. She is the coldest, most evil bitch imaginable. I hope this fully answers your question. That's disingenuous. The third pilot wasn't having to exert 40+ pounds on a control yoke. The third pilot had a full view of the center console without the burden of having to read and understand a large amount of the information normally considered critical to "flying the plane". He was therefore in an advantaged position to troubleshoot less obvious root causes of the anomalous behavior. He didn't know about MCAS, but he definitely got an rueful of trim wheel happily clicking away. It's why Crew Resource Management is such an important thing, and why people who can pilot have been known to step up and assist crews during emergencies. MCAS was a type certificate hack. The poster you're responding to is right; there isn't anything wrong with the behavior given the right training. It's just that the investment in that training, and extra certification hoops to jump through would have made WhateveroModelNumberus MAX a non-starter. It had to be a 737 to work at all. The Aristocrats! 727 had about the same issue. Interactions with high lift devices would cause major problems on approach to stall. The FAA certified it anyway. The U.K. gave it conditional certification contingent on the addition of a stick-pusher to be able to operate in U.K. airspace. See the Royal Aeronautics Society D.P. Davies Interview, specifically the 727 one. There was quite a bit of controversy amongst test pilots at even granting the certification, seeing it as setting a precedent that would lead to a slippery slope that would culminate in less and less airworthy designs. Nevertheless, the certification authorities accepted the argument that as long as instabilities could be countered by technological means, it would be acceptable. Let me clarify though, that without MCAS, a responsible pilot would definitely be constrained to a much thinner envelope, but within that thinner envelope, the plane can fly just fine. The deployment of flaps, also takes the plane out of a regime where MCAS is a factor. So both legal, and practical precedent for it exists. Given additional training of course. No problem! I'm as eager to get to the bottom of things as anyone, so I'm trying to be a careful steward of as much context as I can to keep discussions productive, and to rephrase in as many different ways as possible to increase visibility and reasonability to anyone who can help contribute more context. >It's the conditions under which the problems occur and the response diagrams that the regulators are supposed to verify, not the binary "has or hasn't" a problem near the Ah, I hadn't run into this tidbit before! Can you elaborate on it? I'd love to get some more detailed information if only to facilitate my own deep diving. I've been repeating the 727 simimilarity, and if there's any footwork I can do to make that more accurate, I'd be thrilled to run with it. I do know Boeing was generally considered notorious amongst test pilots for knowing exactly how their designs would fly, so I can't imagine that those diagrams can't be found somewhere. That may be how one wants to present it, but it's disingenuous. There is no freedom from danger or "freedom to be safe". Therefore one party has sacrificed something of value to placate a sentimental imagining that amounts to nothing to the other side. That isn't a trade. That's loss. No agency is gained by that arrangement. It's the equivalent of legislative/rhetorical marketing language. Sounds nice, but ultimately empty. Safety is a function of the inhabitants of an environment's ability to mitigate threats. If the environment is full of disarmed people, then the person who brings the gun anyway faces nil resistance. No one is safe. No one has agency to counter the threat, and there is nothing to show for the sacrifice of the right except the ill will of those who recognize the physical, realistic (read: pragmatic) implication of the act, and disagree in the first place. Which, ironically, decreases safety even further. Tech like Autopilot is actually kind of the reverse of the gun debate. It's an active development that increases complexity creates new problems, and decreases agency since everything then gets bound by "Autopilot safety is a must." The argument is made that automating the task with a machine must make the thing safer, because every act of automating things up to now through a machine has made things safer, which is just an inductive fallacy if I ever heard one. Sometimes the things you don't do mean as much if not more than the things you do. A point oft overlooked, and lamented by the "Do as I say not as I do" parent. Anyway. That was a fun tangent. With all due respect, I disagree. What the evidence lays bare is that there is a massive difference in what individual members/collective groups of society interpret as a threat, and thereby find worthy of attempts to mitigate. It also stands that until recently, violence had been on a downward trend. On the collective front for example, the anti-arms crowd sees a citizen exercising a right as a threat. The pro-arms side sees the anti-arms's willingness to engage in rhetoric to dismantle a fundamental right as a threat to the overall underpinnings of civil society. The pro-arms is not innately threatened by the bearing of arms, or refusal to do so, but by enforced asymmetric eligibility to bear arms without a darn good reason. This is the basic blueprint for any major X/!X or an X/!(X&&Y) divide [I think I got the truth table right there]. On the individual front, things get even more diverse. A gang member sees a rival gang member on his turf as a threat, but the "civie" right next to them sees neither as a threat until the violence starts, and they have no defense. A harassed/abused/ostracized child generalized the infliction of suffering by members of their peer group to the rest of humanity, making everyone a threat. An oppressed/marginalized population feels threatened by their oppressors. A previously oppressed/marginalized populations feels threatened by their previous oppressors That's what I mean by there is no positive "agency" or "essence" to the "freedom to be safe". The state of safety is accidental to the circumstance. As long as there is an agent willing to break any civil consensus in such a way as to cause harm, the best move is for everyone to possess the most effective means of causing harm, but to refrain from employing it. This protects and perpetuates civil society, without creating "soft target" situations where no resistance can be offered to a violator of the peace. I respect your right to the view that there is some positive existence to the freedom to be safe. However, at most I'll acknowledge the legitimacy of a claim to the right to live a life in the pursuit of Safety to be semantically and grammatically capable of bearing significance and recognizable meaning; in parity with the recognition of the purpose of a government to secure for its' People the right to Life, Liberty. and the pursuit of Happiness as proscribed to in the United States. Pursue, by all means, but finding/catching it is far from guaranteed, and depriving others of what brings them Safety will inevitably set the stage for violent conflict, even when done through civil means. However, I digress, and fear this interesting diversion may have long overstayed it's welcome, and it certainly was not my intent to turn this thread so far off topic. I just had a moment of clarity enabling me to formulate an articulation of an observation that has hitherto resisted my attempts to elucidate. I get where you are coming from. And understand it isn't binary. I was hoping you knew what what the name of the various diagrams you asserted were being evaluated were. I understand there are different levels of problematic behavoor, because something that causes a 3 degree uncommanded pitch over say 10 seconds is a sight less severe than one that does the same over 3 seconds. I'm still not seeing anything that's significantly changing my mental model of this problem. Physically, legally and pragmatically speaking. -The plane remains statically stable within the majority of the flight envelope. -Dynamic stability still isn't quite there, but can be handled with more conservative maneuvering. -Critical information was deemphasized in the certification process, or changed after the fact -the promised deliverable did not achieve it's stated goals without excessive "compliance engineering" The plane is absolutely dangerous to an uninformed pilot; but aerodynamically, within a constrained flight envelope, it's fine. I don't personally feel it should be airworthy, as I agree with many test pilot's from back in the 60's. It just encourages the use of less airworthy designs with less problematic behavior, because a computer can smooth out the curve, and yet as a programmer myself,I believe a passenger plane should not be reliant on that level of hack necessarily. As it is, I'm not even highly confident that if there were something wrong with the software update, that the FAA would even catch it in it's current incarnation. But without language naming the graphs you're talking about, or need to see to be convinced of safety, a FOIA would honestly be fruitless. Thanks for the contributing though. I'll see if I can find the paperwork. I think you and the other poster may be talking passed each other. He seems to be trying to emphasize the relative triviality of the technical problem from building the MVP absent leveraging "someone else's computers" perspective. You're talking about the delta and impact created by the fact we've become so dependent on someone else's computer to point us in the right direction to create the visibility and discoverability we want. The point I think both of you are dancing around, but not hauling out into the light, is these platforms enable the abstraction of the techie work, and allow creators to just publish. Creators are so dependent on not having to do the techie work, that unfortunately, they are left at the mercy of the techie+business platform provider, and as a result, are vulnerable to censorship based on that platform's visibility to the world at large. Large integrated platforms are cool and all, but at some point, we need to sit down and look at the federatability of these types of communication platforms. We can't rely on implicit Gatekeepers not being manipulated into acting as amplifiers/dampers as circumstances warrant from their side. At least that's the vibe I'm getting. >It appears that the MAX violates this rule aerodynamically due to extra lift at high power High Angle of Attack. The power can create a pitch up in some circumstances, but the AoA is the primary driver of the extra lift. Concerns were raised, but also dismissed or otherwise culturally disincentivize by management. There are whistkeblowers currently willing to testify as much, based on information released to Australia's 60 Minutes 737 Expose. Except that it doesn't manifest like a classic Stabilizer Trim Runaway. The classic Stabilizer Trim Runaway is a continuous uncommanded actuation of the trim mechanism on a particular direction. Catastrophic MCAS failure manifests as a series of discrete, amplifying activations, which are far easier for a pilot to dismiss as the normal operation of the Auto-Trim, and speed trim systems. The is is a manifestly different pattern to look for, and was only caught by one air crew (on the penultimate flight of the Lion Air aircraft) by the assistance of a third, uninvolved pilot along for the ride. I understand how one could see Boeing's internal test pilot as being reasonable, but keep in mind who signs his paycheck, and future prospects for him if the company gets found liable. Perspective, and understanding of what different parties have at stake is essential in evaluating what is actually being communicated, and why. Words have long tails in the aftermath of a crisis like this. No, that's what Airlines wanted. As an Engineering firm, your job is to tell the customer, "I'm sorry, I cannot give you approval to do that." The idea being that you, the Engineering Authority, are bound by professional ethics, and a commitment to the public interest.and equipped with the specialized knowledge required to determine the outcomes of a design before it is actually rolled out. It is never justifiable to make an unsafe bridge. Airplanes are no different. No matter the size of the money bag. So the extra detail can be found in the flight data from the flights FDR, and CVR, and is laid out in the crash report. If you combine that with a bit of knowledge with regards to the basic physics involved, and complications introduced by not fully briefing pilots on the system, it becomes obvious the crew was fighting a losing battle without the information we have now. https://www.tailstrike.com/100319.html The prelim report, and summary of the event can be found at the link above. To lay things out, ET302 ended up having an AoA sensor malfunction. One of the Appendicies includes a page from the flight manual, there are several pages mentioning the possibility of runaway stabilizer, along with a list of other symptoms that may be experienced due to a failed AoA sensor input to the Flight Control Computer. There is also the page on which the Stabilizer Trim Runaway checklist is printed, which also specifically characterizes a Stabilizer Trim Runaway as an uncommanded continuous stabilizer trim activation event with mucho emphasis. The page containing the closest thing to a hint as to the existence of MCAS (page 29), gives a small blurb that the flight computer does something, and that maybe you should be ready to run through the Stab Trim Runaway checklist. Now. Look at the list of associated symptoms. IAS Airspeed disagree is one of those items. There is a memory item for 737 for airspeed unreliable, which if run through before the Stab Trim Runaway can greatly exacerbate the difficulty of recovering from the out of trim condition. Which checklist gets remembered first then, can have a drastic effect on whether you can recover the plane, and the checklist to solve the problem that MCAS caused, if committed to memory entirely, doesn't even characterize the entry point for the checklist in a manner consistent with MCAS malfunction. This is without even taking into account what actually happened, mind. I'm just pointing out documentation/communication failures that could contribute to a pilot not making the connection in time, while trying to parse the cacophony of alerts to ascertain what his plane is trying to tell him. This is coupled with his autopilot being unable to hold things stable so he can troubleshoot, his FEEL DIFF PRESS light indicates the haptic feedback provided by the computer may not be appropriate to actual conditions, so the finely tuned muscle memory that pilots can rely on as a recall aid may be inaccurate or downright dangerous. In short, nothing about this situation feels right, the pilot who has had it ground into them to trust their instruments over their own senses is actually dropped into a situation where almost all of their instruments are lying, because the computer is correcting actual readings with garbage AoA data. Again, we've not even touched on what actually happened . This is just enumerating what could have happened , which constitutes possibilities that a pilot would have to navigate in that moment to successfully come to a conclusion about what was going on. Without the luxury of priming by knowing that's what you're going into the simulator to practice today, and with the additional entropy and complacency that comes from having flown uneventful flights 100's of times before. Now, take into account that a highly experienced pilot, clued into the possibility of the Stabilizer runaway, did manage to troubleshoot, but was left in a bad spot. The torque required to actuate against the airstream at the speeds the flight had achieved were such that they needed the electrical trim motor to overcome the resistance. So they turned it back on, and re trimmed. However, they were unaware they would need to keep signalling with the trim switches to keep the MCAS system from kicking in 5 seconds later. This was a system, snuck in, under the radar, and documented in a completely inconsistent manner to the catastrophic outcomes that could arise from a malfunction. I'm not a legit Aeronautics Engineer. Just a polymath with a penchant for running down and understanding things without having the benefit of having someone explain them to me in good faith. (Immensely important skill for auditing purposes). I don't want you to just take my word for anything. Go back through most of my posts on 737 MAX topics if you'd like, and do your own research. -The relationship between Boeing and it's regulatory framework, was of so much concern, the Office of the Inspector General was calling it out. -The A320neo taking them by surprise. -The work culture at Boeing -the reprioritization of shareholder value over product quality All of these to any Quality Engineer only leads to one variety of outcome. It's a really pervasive pattern. This is an economic anti-pattern. Good for building up social capital and references, but a losing economic move as organizations have neither obligation nor incentive to pay you for what you're actually doing, just for what they've hired you for. Speaking strictly from experience. Doing five different people's jobs, for the paycheck of one has gotten me a fair number of friends, and the companies I've worked at tons of value, but the contacts and neuroses I've picked up for doing so are the only countable windfalls. Economically, I'm not much further ahead at all. The whole "raise by being hired somewhere else" meme seems to be most true representation of achievable wage growth in today's information economy. Have you looked at licensure requirements lately for more specialized fields? I.e. time spent in education/ administrative barriers before even being able to get hands on experience? Have you looked at how the system again and again "rolls up the ladder" via regulation to ensure that entrenched players are in an advantaged position over up and comers? (Not saying all regulation is bad, but it is amazing how new regulations never seem to incorporate any mechanism to penalize former bad actors to grab back ill gotten gains, and level the playing field by compensating for ground covered destructively pre-regulation) Have you looked at the fact schooling is more expensive, and increasingly deemed necessary even in fields where it's nigh meaningless (looking at you hairdressers/stylists, and extortionate collegiate tuition rates)? Have you noticed how it seems like in the fight for fair compensation and treatment, there have been companies that have literally told their employees to sign up for food stamps in the never ending quest for profit(hi service industry! McD's in particular!)? Have you noticed how it seems like organizations that so threaten the underlying foundations of Western Civilization can do no wrong, and can wipe the slate clean with a token settlement to regulators? How the financial industry seems to be coated in Teflon for all the good any attempts at holding it responsible for it's actions?(Financial Crises of various flavors, bailouts) Or how the presence of a highly paid attorney stratifies any type of interaction with the justice system in favor of those with the most cash? How "the family farm", one of the most quintessential and some would say oldest cultural staples of the country, has become largely inaccessible to newcomers without also having the benefit of "not needing" to do it? Noticed the death of the neighborhood grocer through major players practicing vertical integration, and a massive acceleration of consolidation of industrial verticals into handfuls of key players who basically aim to attain "too-big-to-fail" status?(Walmart/Amazon, Telco's)? Have you noticed how contract law has had this habit of locking you of civil rights unless you have enough to leverage a high priced attorney (forced arbitration)? Noticed how you have to go back nearly 100 years history and case law wise just to actually understand the asterisks (that nobody sees fit to explain) surrounding a right explicitly spelled out in the Constitution? (I'm sure other countries have their own version of a straightforward reading fundamental right completely transformed into something not quite entirely different than how it was written; metric: average years of kludged case law to have to wade through to figure out where you stand)? These aren't "subtle" happenings in the least. It amazes me that the elder amongst us don't shake their head sadly at just how bloody complicated "The System" has become. But hey, we've got medicine (we can barely afford), phones (that everyone is damn set on turning into surveillance tools), cars (people are increasingly excited about the self-crashing features of, and surveillance capabilities imparted by the team's of sensors required to supported it self-crashing functionality). We have Networks (for companies to monetize), and uh... Oh unparalleled access to information, which increasingly seems to be either entirely biased/manipulative sales/AdTech, or outright fiction/disinformation, or legit info on "Wow, what's fscking us today?" What else? Oh right, a push to have algorithms put in charge of everything to add yet another layer of responsibility laundering to the mix. Sorry for the rant mate, but I need to actively not think about these things to get anything done. It's hard to pay attention to anything and just go "oh, that's cool" without running into the realization that about the only things the western world seems to to want to examine are those conducive to metering and revenue extraction. Oh, and the most important metric? Number of stupid metrics we have to endure in the day to day, and that somehow, if you can't come up with an objective metric for why things are worse for you now, golly gee, it must all be in your head. So tired of hearing that one. Note: Unemployment is measured through participation in various workfinding government programs or receipt of unemployment benefits. It doesn't really paint an accurate picture of how many are out of work, but getting by through alternative or illegal-quasi-legal means. It also in no way measures the number of jobs a defined unit of work can supply, or whether the job itself creates enough of a return to be economically feasible to the doer. It also in no way reflects that many jobs mow push for pre-acquired qualifications, which cost money, and lock out potential workforce. No one wants to measure any of that . That leads to awkward questions. Why??? Why should my data go someplace else so others can use it as the basis to build a case for further erosion of rights and perpetuation of economic business models biased in favor of centralization of control and decision making capability. You: >Privacy is a spectrum. I am getting kinda tired how people think data some widget I made to exfiltrates about other people is "theirs". Us: You wouldn't even be able to gather anything without me, and frankly, it's none of your damned business what I do. You want data collected? Go hire somebody to generate it for you. Expected epiphany: Now maybe I should have to design telemetry collecting/sending devices to require an explicit, physical opt-in, by shipping the devices with the telemetry data collection physically turned off, and a statement about your data gathering program, tangible immediate benefits to the customer for opting in, legally binding language defining a strict procedure for my company to acquire informed consent when sharing said data with third parties, plus contingency plans detailing the destruction of, or end of life treatment of data on the event of merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other major business event, with concessions exposing the company to sufficient punitive damages in case of breach of contract, and a manual containing a procedure for physically enabling the data collection. Epiphany instead achieved: but I am so tired of this extreme pricey movement. Works both ways chief. Industrialists/wannabe industrialists just prefer it when the sheep don't ask inconvenient questions like "hold up, how do you determine what you're eating for dinner?" or "We seem to be giving up quite a bit in return for what amounts to (thing that solves an already sufficiently solved physical problem, but now with computers, to exponentially increase the potential for new revenue extraction schemes through software and data collection), what are you putting on the line, or doing to ensure my privacy and confidentiality as a customer?". Stop not thinking about anything more than first order consequences, using dark design patterns to get what you want anyway because no one checks the defaults or license agreements, and actually make a good run of proving you actually want to be above board with customers instead of scoring another quick buck off your position as the manufacturer and maybe reactionary forces won't be as extreme. Not that hard, right? Just do the right thing. Under the radar. Without visibility. How does it come as a surprise when things that were only recognized as having gone on underneath layer after layer of technical jargon are finally brought to general public awareness? You don't get in trouble for doing things, you get in trouble for getting caught doing them. It's been a long time in coming, but awareness is finally starting to hit tipping points in meaningful ways. No. It doesn't. I don't understand where your presumption of 'need' comes from. There is no physical dicta that mandates that just because something should happen, means that it must. Pervasive data collection is not a need. It's a want, by every business out there because of the B2B revenue generating possibility. So add "responds to survey" to list of conditions of the measurement, and a link to the survey procedures would be nice. Sorry. My apologies. I think I see the misunderstanding. Under the radar is an idiom. It is used to describe things that occur in areas not typically subject to observation, or widespread acknowledgement/general awareness. In this case by regulators, or the public in general. I think you might have misunderstood the poster above you when they suggested trying to fully automate airplanes; maintaining the analog of every sensor required to fully enable totally automated operation would require the installation of full suites of broadband sensors on the plane, allowing it to collect all information with regards to the environment it is working in, and sending it "back home". Admittedly, this is less problematic, because planes don't operate within the confines of everyday life, and thus are not omnipresent, capable of acting as a ubiquitous surveillance platform. When I say this has been going on "Under the radar", I'm referring to the slow adoption of increasingly more varied and densely packed sensor packages in vehicles offered to provide some token discount, but with very little oversight into what type of data is generated, communicated, stored, or otherwise. Planes being tracked by radar is fine. That comes with the mode of transport. It's an air transport's version of a Stop light or signage. Long term persisted data collected by cars, however, is not, and should not be. I'm one of the originators and principle repeaters of the theory, and the various facets that go into it are admittedly built up via synthesis of many different slices of life. The principle source that moved me in the direction that the MAX may not be certifiable without MCAS was from this interview from the Royal Aeronautics Society with D. P. Davies, a well known test pilot for the U.K. ARB, and the past woes that Boeing has had to navigate with their designs to be flown in the U.K. https://www.aerosociety.com/news/audio-the-d-p-davies-interv... The 727 had difficulties getting certified for use in British airspace due to high lift device interactions that tended to cause undesired extra pitch sensitivity near critical AoA. The 727 was eventually certified under protest conditional to the addition of a stick pusher to remedy the behavior. The approach was preferred because it both made it harder to stall the plane, and made it readily apparent to the pilot that "thar be dragons here". This makes apparent to me, that at a minimum, it is favorable to design a system to cope with aberrant behavior in such a way that the pilot is immediately aware of the fact they are in a perilous part of the flight envelope. The certification was controversial amongst test pilots because it was seen as as the beginning of a slippery slope that would eventually normalize airframes that don't actually present sound aerodynamic characteristics without excessive assistance from systems that are liable to break. Also note, the FAA never required Boeing to install stick-pushers, and several deep stalls did end up occurring. Since then, many aircraft have become notorious for accidents/difficulties caused where this slippery slope approach to aerodynamics was embraced. See the MD-11 LSAS, and now the MAX 8. Both of these were 'hacks' put in place to make aerodynamic changes to the airframe, while minimizing retraining requirements. The sales points being that the new plane flew just like the old plane. I'm not sure that MCAS is first and foremost an artificial feel system. I've categorized it as more of a "certification hack" in light of whistleblower testimony, and conclusions I've come to doing calculations and attempting to cobble together simulations myself. I do know, however, that if the aerodynamics are so severe near critical AoA, that mere elevator actuation pressure adjustments are no longer adequate to prevent the plane from flinging itself past critical AoA at the merest nudge, and that the entire horizontal stabilizer needs to be moved to ensure the nose is brought back down in short order, I am not confident that the raw math to draw out the stick force curve will end up drawing a compliant curve. And I know that it is not acceptable for a pilot familiar with a sluggishly handling aircraft to just hop into a jitterbug and be on their way without training; I have a hard time being sold that having the same plane go from "smooth and steady" to "put your nose in the air, and stall it like you just don't care" in the same civil transport airframe should be acceptable either. That seems a clear violation of the intent of that design directive. If there's info/precedent/experience missing you can offer to refine or refute it, that'd be awesome. I'm just grabbing on to as many facts as I can run down, throwing them against reality as best I can find equations or regulation to describe it, and trying to see what sticks. I'm more interested in finding the truth than my theory being right. MCAS has a duty cycle of on 10 seconds, off five. It ramps up the degrees per activation up to a max of 2.5 degrees per activation (2.5 degrees per 10 seconds), all the way to max down trim if you let it. Keep in mind, the entire horizontal tail plane moving has a heck of a lot more influence on attitude than the elevators. If it were a stringed instrument, trim would be the tuning tabs at the top of the neck, the elevators would be the fine adjustment screws on the body of the instrument. I've been thumbing through their survey methodologies, and am actually hard pressed to find anyone in any social circle who has directly or even indirectly to the best of their knowledge participated in these surveys. Specifically the CPS which tracks the unemployment vs. employment rates. Given that it takes the form of a monthly survey, I'd expect more people to actually remember having done so. Now I could understand inferring employment via tax documents cross referenced with unemployment papers, but to my understanding that level of information sharing is not generally done. Where do the statistics come from? Here's the answer from BLS's Current Population Survey FAQ at w.r.t. where the data comes from. https://www.bls.gov/cps/faq.htm#Ques2 >Because unemployment insurance records relate only to people who have applied for such benefits, and since it is impractical to count every unemployed person each month, the government conducts a monthly survey called the Current Population Survey (CPS) to measure the extent of unemployment in the country. The CPS has been conducted in the United States every month since 1940, when it began as a Work Projects Administration program. In 1942, the U.S. Census Bureau took over responsibility for the CPS. The survey has been expanded and modified several times since then. So what do the statistics being gathered actually represent and where do they come from? More digging required... Ah, here it is. Survey methodology. ho! https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/cps/technical-docume... I'm not super Survey methodology savvy, (more familiar with anti-patterns for it honestly, and figuring out when the Map starts diverging from the landscape), but in terms of what it is actually measuring, and how much divergence is introduced between reality and the convenient model inferred from the survey's statistical finger waggling... I leave that to the more Stats inclined among us. It seems an okay methodology, but it doesn't strike me in terms of being the most accurate measurement, merely getting enough data that someone feels that the divergences can be safely tucked under the rug. I will say, the folks putting this together seem to have done a great job documenting it. I wish my developers could be relied upon to do as such. It has though. There have been several articles about reports filed by pilot's where uncommanded nose down occurred, that the root cause was not ascertained for. This is reported at a minimum here. https://theatlantic.com/article/584791/ These are by definition "typical flights" until the anomaly occurs. Also, keep in mind, AoA sensors have long been a luxury for pilots, since they tend to learn the envelope in terms of glide slope, and they are trained to be able to safely operate aircraft without it. The MAX took a historically non-critical component, and added it to a safety critical process. I understand that with the sheer number of different points in the timeline of the design, deployment, and operation of these craft, that trying to hold all the context in your head at the same time does make it feel like " Damnit Jim, we've entered crackpot territory! " Nevertheless, we have to remain vigilant and open to the fact that malfeasance does happen, and those that would commit it also go out of their way to make it as hard to bring into the open (if intentional), or frequently disincentivize any activity that could potentially make the issue easier to observe since the path of least resistance typically by definition involves minimizing points of inspection or other forms of scrutiny (if the malfeasance is merely the result unintentional misguidedness/incompetence). Personally, I think this should be part of the duties of the Office of the Inspector General, and the OIG should be shunted to being answerable to the either the Legislature, or the Courts. Of course, I also believe that OIG should be hounding the Executive constantly, and have the authority and onus to declassify anything classified as soon as possible too. That means that classification stops being a privilege of the Executive, and instead becomes a maintenance item That requires periodic review to reclassify. Government's should indeed be able to have secrets, but few, far between, and with a heavy burden should that secrecy come that it not be tempted to abuse that power. >MCAS is frequently confused with a flight augmentation system which isn’t true. This is demonstrably false. MCAS is a system in the same vein as the MD-11's LSAS. In other words, a hack to ensure the the "piloting experience" of the MAX stays as similar as possible to that of the 737 NG, despite the fact the NG doesn't suffer from directional pitch instability at high AoA. >It’s designed to counteract a confused pilot and if you look at the history of the 737 NG some of the few crashes not from the vertical stabilizer issue are from disorientation leading to a stall. If pilots are so prone to stalling in an aircraft with no pitch instability near critical AoA, it seems disingenuous to try to pitch the MAX with MCAS as being "more safe" when the possibility exists that MCAS may need to be disabled in flight; thereby resulting in the same pilot, in what is touted as "the same piloting experience" as the NG, yet with the spectre of pitch instability at high AoA, exacerbated by a tendency to pitch up even more if power is added on at landing speeds if a go-around is required; that wasn't there before. It is less-than-or-equal in terms of safety. Will it be an effective plane? Yes. Will dealing with MCAS be seared into pilots' minds? Yes. Let's not misrepresent the machine though. It has issues. Issues that are at the center of a regulatory and business clusterf*ck that never should have happened. The poor engineering and business decisions created a plane with potentially lethal failure modes, that were unsuccessfully communicated to customer (airline) and operator(pilot) alike. The MAX may be able to operate for the rest of it's relevant operational lifetime, but it will never be a success. It'll be memorial to the height to which greed, and contempt for the law, and hubris were elevated in the process of designing this plane. At the risk of waxing poetic: The MAX will be as the Crow that caws at midnight. A somber reminder of the banal parts of human nature against which we must remain ever vigilant, lest they take the reins again in humanity's struggle to push ourselves passed the limits that bind us. In before a "paid premium" unlock option allowing user's to bypass the limitation, or a lawsuit because someone gets stranded or can't do something because the bloody charger wouldn't let them fully charge. This is where the full plugin EV supply chain has to wrangle with it's Achilles' heel. An ICE fuel reserve can be topped up in minutes, and range extended trivially through the usage of fuel containers added as cargo. Size of tank can be trivially adjusted by changing the characteristics of the pump itself mechanically: I.e. larger hoses, stronger pumps, etc... Electricity, however, will always be throttled by arcane particulars of the particular battery being charged, Major limiting factors of the Supercharger network based on configuration, and operating principle would include: -the capacity of the "Supercharger" to pull more power from the grid (in the case of on-demand offsite power generation) -to store large amounts of on demand power without losses or excessive hazard (in-the case of periodic "store and forward" generation schemes characterized by periodic stints where the station would essentially heavily charge its own power storage media from the grid, during low grid utilization time to build up enough buffer to handle the demand of the day; this further complicates the charging process by requiring extra attention by grid operators to ensure the grid can handle the additional worst case peak loading should many stations need to charge at the same time; extra care is also necessary by station operators, as a battery failure at the levels of electricity being stored would be catastrophic; this would be the EV equivalent of our current hydrocarbon distribution supply chain) -To scale power generation and transmission capability on site with power demand in the case of on-site, on demand power generation being feasible. This approach is even less sexy than the norm due to the impacts of NIMBYism, and power generation efficiency generally only being able to be maximized at large size. Capping at 80% charge, whether one likes it or not, is systemically speaking not delivering on the promise of a delivered substitute for an ICE vehicle with an operating range as described at the dealership, which will likely lead to some lawsuits based on false advertising, and really digging into what it means for legal liability when you are the vehicle manufacture, dealer, and infrastructure operator. If you sell a car advertised as having range X, but limit them to range Y as the main supplier of charging infrastructure, the false-advertising case writes itself. It also starts getting into the messy gray area where the entire Tesla ecosystem starts looking like a vertically integrated transportation monopoly. Wooh. That ended up longer than I thought it would, but man, is Tesla a technically "rich" area in terms of food for thought. To have enough time to dig into the numbers, and actually try to get a feel for things... wistful stare . Seems to be the story of my hobbies recently. Did anyone else think using the term "fetishizing" was not just nonsensical in selection, but actually demonstrated a level of social myopia? Getting a little looser with language for a moment; privacy isn't something that one would classify as a fetish, as socially speaking, it's been the sensible default for centuries. Seems to me that the real subject of fetishization in this piece is exhibitionism . Specifically of everyone else. With the receiver of gratification from said visibility being tech companies. Maybe I'm about as straightforward as a series of hairpin turns, but this article did far better at convincing me that tech investors are desperately trying to convince everyone that it's totally okay, and everyone should walk around with their "personal information" out in the open for them to reap the benefits of, and there's absolutely no reason for anyone to second guess this at all, because without even a mention of second or third order implications of their viewpoint, which to be frank, I see as the most blatant form of intellectual and rhetorical dishonesty. I'm now stuck with a mental image in which the industry I work in is little more than a gaggle of peeping Toms, Voyeurs, and sexual predators all trying to legitimize what their doing watching everyone else as normal or the "new normal" because it's unthinkable that the future shouldn't allow the parasitic commoditization of everyone's personal data. I'm not even the most socially adept person out there, but this piece is a shocking illustration of what I consider to be malicious perception management. A very disconcerting read. >This is false because MCAS only activates during stall conditions and is the exact reason why this issue went undiscovered for so long. If it was the system that you say it is, then it would have been constantly making the 2.5-degree adjustments to the horizontal stabilizer all the time! "All the time" is a funny way of spelling "when the AoA sensor indicates an AoA near or greater than critical." Also, the problem took so long to be discovered because Trim has become increasingly automated, relegating any system that modifies it to a second or third order concern for pilots generally. The system wasn't documented explicitly in training materials, and yes, what malfunctions did happen generally happened in less critical phases of flight, and we're quickly recovered from. >The fact is that it requires an AoA sensor to report an attack angle greater than 25 degrees ...Okay, you didn't even look at the Flight Data Recorder of either crash did you? The same data that shows MCAS happily driving 300+ people into the lithosphere at 300+ knots? MCAS activates regardless of speed. The key input is AoA, flap setting, and whether the autopilot is on, and altitude > 450 AGL if I recall correctly. Furthermore, it ramps up over sequential activations. I'm open to entertaining some possibility that you just didn't look it up, but your arguments are straying into areas if incorrectness that seem to indicate your sources may need to be reevaluated. I implore you to do some more thorough research. Search terms: ET302 FDR data ET302 prelim report Lion Air 610 FDR data MCAS Flight Control Systems. I understand Aviation isn't the lightest topic of research, but that's also why it's so important to make sure you're reasoning from the right information. Flying is complicated. Not inaccessibly so, but definitely beyond normal intuition at times. People have access to smartphones because a smartphone is the ultimate loss leader. Give someone a smartphone and Internet connectivity, and all of a sudden, they are a customer waiting to happen. Point being, look at what is not ubiquitous. Housing, ability to get medical care, financial security enough to start a family... Focusing on Net Access, and possession of the most powerful tool known to Marketing is an absurd metric from which to argue that systemic economic inequality isn't a problem. Oh please. Spare the virtue signaling. There is nothing noble in pushing for equality of outcome. No problem of lack of diversity will be solved without dragging down or discriminating against some demographic of society without a full commitment to equality of opportunity. The myopia involved with being suckered into accepting discrimination against one group to the benefit of another being an acceptable approach demonstrates a lack of commitment to understanding the forces actually at work in the world. Diversity or lack thereof isn't the problem. Equivalent access to the foundational necessities that facilitate successful integration into, and the ability to further develop and meaningfully contribute to the ends of, society's perpetuation and advancement with minimal accidental systemic compulsion is the problem. Diversity is just the "bread and circuses" perversion that slows down any meaningful attempt at the former due to some mistaken impression that undoing an injustice must involve a new injustice being committed. Two wrongs a right does not make. Hold up. You started out making good points. >"The sanest people, I think, are those happily unafflicted with ambition — whether for power, wealth, fame or achievement — who want only to work at some useful job, to love someone and to live in a nice place with some wind chimes on the porch." >This is beginning to sound like the Communist Manifesto. Then completely jumped the rails here. There are some hints of a tendency toward Marx or Leninism, but no overt push in the direction of nationalization of the means of production. Rather these statements are consistent with being the echo of a general American sentiment if you go back as little as 100-150 years ago; particularly in more agrarian areas. The trend toward the accumulation of power/money, and being the center of the power structure; the rat race as it were, only started to become a prevailing ethos during the late 1800's, early 1900's with the first Gilded Age on the rise, and all the atrocities that came with advancement in the rat race becoming the primary multi-generational goal. If there is a touch of Marx to be found, it's that he was the first to call out the inevitable excesses and vices of unfettered capitalism for it's own sake. To me these statement you call out ring as an echo of the Jeffersonian Democrat. The Yeoman Farmer, cultivating the earth to grow enough for himself, and an excess with which to bolster his community. It speaks to me of industry of a different flavor. Where monolithic industries too big to fail are not allowed to exist, where information flows freely between competitors, and a corporation builds itself to the point it can do it's job without the push to diversify and building itself and it's executives into the industrialized lords of a horizontally and vertically integrated fiefdom, as widespread as legal circumstances allow. I see the disappointed spectre of Locke, staring in horror at what has become a Hobbesian nightmare of a country. Where the Human clause is subordinated by being classed as a "resource" by the prevailing elite. I see the desperation of the trodden upon, desperately leaning on each other to get by, swapping social capital and favors instead of wages, hoping for some change from above; a prospect stunted by the necessity to placate the gatekeepers of capital to be able to spread one's personality enough to participate in the legislative process. They look to an Executive branch, increasingly delegated to, and manipulated by the industrial monoliths that it is their sworn duty to regulate and minimize harm from; which is increasingly hamstrung in it's capacity to operate. The Justice System, the final bastion is tilted almost by design in favor of those with the capital to engage with the privileged class of the legally savvy; an increasingly difficult expertise to attain for the common man. There is so much more in that paragraph than some Red Menace bogeyman. There is a cry for help. A shout of warning that the rolling stone of progress is starting to get a bit out of control. A keen of a society so put upon by those sitting atop the wealth of the country pushing for more, more; from a people that are faced with a choice between seemingly "feeding the machine", or leaving it to collapse under it's own weight I haven't been very enamored of some of the views printed in the Times recently, but this one certainly resonates... It resonates with a hell of a lot more to it than "The commies are at it again." Uh... >Scratch the surface of the farmer complaints, and they're probably just upset that they can't gobble up their neighbors' acreage as smaller farms fail. Interesting you should mention that. Considering that the current regulatory, support, and incentive sructure around agriculture (in the U.S.) is notably skewed in favor of "Big Ag", it's not necessarily as straightforward as you imply to assign banal greed as the primary motivation of Farmers. You don't farm to make millions. The returns are terrible, with generally hard legal ceilings on many items. You're fighting a constant battle against the elements, your input sources (fiscal and material), and your own equipment and infrastructure to build up enough of a buffer to absorb down the road risks. Wanting to upsize in the current framework means availing yourself greater security through more of a risk buffer. This grants the farmer more peace of mind in the face of a rather dynamic trade landscape, and an uncertain future given the changing climate. Farmers are not stupid people. You don't run a sustainable farming op without coming to terms with the physical reality of the world; which includes a realistic view in terms of risk mitigation through political activism, and optimizing for getting the most out of the ambient environment. Farmers quickly come to terms with the difficulty and impracticality of maintaining the "hot house" flower, or unproductive livestock. A cold, inescapable sense of pragmatism develops from working closely with, and observing the machinery of the natural world at work. Not all may evenly consciously realize they are doing it. The longer you do it, the more you forget about the "why's" and "what you get's" as the practice of farming gets so ingrained it stops being a matter of what you want/chose to do, and just kind of becomes what you are. It's often a conducive to a more solitary, or fairly tight knit community; and communication tends to be secondary to execution. So it shouldn't come as a surprise when individually interviewing a farmer tends to generate some scandalous "gems" in common media. Cattle and crops don't care much for the artfully crafted word; and if farmers as a collective are actually pushed into a situation where time is better spent in a meeting as opposed to getting actual work done, it tends to be a signal that there is something fairly serious going on. Long story short, the point I'm meandering to is this: Don't write off any farmer, large or small, as being a callous, heartless, inflexible, unintelligent, greedy, unsociable human being. They're dealing with an environment as unforgiving as it is demanding. Then throwing economics on top of it. This means that of all people to keep an eye on as a barometer for change, the farmer is one he'll of a good signal to pay attention to. If a change impacts the fundamental process of farming; it has consequences likely everywhere else. Food for thought. It means Facebook may find its ability to do do business in Canada made significantly more difficult. Travel through Canada for Zuckerberg may come with risk of detention and arrest. Canada can put diplomatic pressure on the United States to do something about Facebook, and few things are more indicative of a need for Corporate dissolution than a corporation beginning to make diplomatic enemies of your allies. Also, should Zuckerberg keep up this belligerence, and the share price of Facebook drop as a result, he could be held responsible under securities law. Thus is the downside of making big waves. It gets you a lot of attention, and makes everything you do that much more complicated. >It might not be better to never create it if that means crippling the world's economy and all the death and suffering that would go along with that by never using plastics. What price is worth paying? Or perhaps you see lack of technology as a good thing? Technology spawning problems that need solutions that require more technology, which makes new problems, so on and so forth... There's a way to advance, and there's a way to advance in the short term at the expense of the long term. Plastic, and your general policy regarding it's application, and the handling of it's externality falls squarely in the mortgage the future to squander now bucket. Blow up the world and minimal footprint to the point the only thing that can put off catastrophe is "the next big breakthrough." This guarantees development is directed entirely by the excesses of those who have already passed, leaving those just coming in to clean up the mess. Sustainable development by definition minimizes the long term impact of technological adoption, and incentivized development of systems that are closer to an ideal closed loop system. Doing this ensures that at anytime, a stable system exists from which to innovate and that your capacity to observe the ramifications of changes is generally significantly higher, since you have time, data, and an understanding of how effects propagate throughout the physical and ecological network. Minor tweaks are generally buffered by long cycle processes. Point being: one way of doing things results in a constant crisis of the week. The other way results in the foundational understanding that actually enables any crisis to be accurately dealt with, and that overall, the system is in a largely stable configuration. I know which way I'd go for. Slow refinement, and avoidance of development directions that produce excessive amounts of unutilizable waste to which the only solution is sequestration. Avoid unsustainable practices such as excessive monoculture farming; constrain packaging to forms with applications for secondary reuse, or compostability. Develop technologies that further "closing the loop" on current technologies. Petrophagic bacteria to break down plastics; high carbon sequestering, fast growing plant life. Concentrate medical research on trying to confirm treatment protocols w.r.t. "traditional" plants/phages/etc. Focus on nuclear power, and nuclear fuel reprocessing. Keep things from going over the Rubicon environmentally, and you've suddenly bought everyone enough time to get their stuff together to equalize development levels the world over. Seems humanity's biggest problem other than not paying attention to environmental change is figuring out how in the heck to coexist with each other. EDIT: This is just the parts of the mental TODO list that are sitting on top of my head. I've got entire sections that are highly dependent on getting access to information I simply don't have the time/manpower to personally chase down for relevance. Basic gist is to shore up our present level of development, change up the incentives/structural characteristics of the international market to attempt to decrease the need to move goods as much; shore up and propogate the technosphere so there's a more consistent level of technological development to avail ourselves to in being able to more accurately track, model, and calculate the effects of continuing development as they propagate through the biosphere in real time. This will also be necessarily bundled with significant increases in funding/incentives for research in the Life/biological/ecological Sciences, as well as further refinement of meteorological sciences. We need to know as much about the state of our biosphere as a whole in the present to equip us to manage our continued development without sacrificing the larger part of the biosphere in doing so. Parallel research efforts would also be undertaken in porting closed loop ecologies (with humans in the mix) into extreme environs to double down on being able to increase potential biological footprint. Emergency backup biosphere tucked safely away for a rainy day are pretty cool too. Anyway. Didn't actually expect anyone would actually ask. So used to people avoiding it. >However, that report shows the pilots left the thrust too high and turned the motor driving MCAS back on after initially switching it off. I really wish the media wouldn't leave out important context when making statements like this. If you aren't a pilot or an aviation enthusiast, you'd think leaving the thrust high was a mistake, but an on the fritz AoA sensor means you're in an airspeed unreliable condition, which calls for maintaining appropriate power for the desired flight regime, which in this case was TO/ascent, a regime generally flown at higher power. https://www.skybrary.aero/index.php/Unreliable_Airspeed_Indi... Or, how leaving the airspeed issue unresolved until the more pressing issue, the plane being continually put out of trim, is a triage call akin to what a medical professional would be expected to make in a condition where there were more problems to solve than hands or brains to resolve them. Or how Boeing intentionally changed the functionality of the console stabilizer trim cutout switches in such a way as to prevent pilots from being able to shut out the flight computer's capability to command trim adjustments with the trim motor, but maintaining the pilots' ability to leverage the trim motor to neutralize trim against aerodynamic load through their trim switches on the yoke. https://www.seattletimes.com/business/boeing-aerospace/boein... This is one of those cases where we need the layman to be accurately informed at all costs. There is no room for weasel legal maneuvering that we as a society can afford when this comes to trial. The courts have no authority over physics. The only reason the FAA delegates is because they could no longer pay a competitive salary to retain aeronautical engineering talent given the better pay in the private sector. So they delegated. This completely missing the point of independent certification, validation, and acting as a proxy for the "customer of first resort" is the entire point of a regulator. If you can't sell an independently staffed regulator on your design, flying their own test regime, you shouldn't be making planes period. The new regime basically relegated the FAA to the role of paperwork auditor; a reactive instead of proactive regulatory process. The drop in altitude occurred because of MCAS activations retrimming the plane into a dive. MCAS is only active during flaps retracted flight regimes. They couldn't redeploy the flaps to shutdown MCAS because A) they didn't know it would work, and it was not documented in any standard procedure B) the plane was travelling too fast for safe flap deployment C)Flap deployment decreases the critical AoA of the wing, meaning that pilots would have to be extremely careful during the recovery, and may in fact not have been able to pull out fast enough even if they fixed the mistrim. Also, remember that a plane flying straight at the ground is still making lift as it barrels toward the earth. Lift isn't something magic that guarantees the plane stays away from the ground. The force vector will happily accelerate you 90° relative to your lifting surface's velocity vector through the fluid. If for whatever reason you decide that that vector should no longer be parallel to the surface... Well... That's on you. Or in this case, a computer programmed with an insufficiently robust algorithm for safely doing what it was actually meant to do. As the flight computer had no way of understanding that what its AoA sensor was telling it could possibly be wrong, and therefore alerting the pilots that they were flying on their own now. So while the pilots knew what they wanted, the computer, not being programmed with the possibility of being wrong in mind, did exactly as it was designed to do. And this, ladies and gentlemen, is how you kill 300 people without realizing that you're doing it. Fantastic! Congratulations! You just found a way to articulate the underlying concept of Perception Management and Reality Distortion Fields. Bravo! Even if you don't have academic sources, that greatly crystallized many anecdotal observations I've collected! EDIT: What? I'm not even being sarcastic or tongue in cheek. I've seen the aftermath of what the poster has described many times in my career in terms of cognitive shift occurring in certain roles. I'm not being judgemental even, one way or another, but I've run into a phenomena similar when trying to get something across to organizational leaders, to the point of having to conduct meetings behind closed doors and refusing to end the meeting until the point can be successfully communicated from all involved. As to whether it is a learning disability or not, no comment, but there is definitely an effect on capability to reconcile organizational reality with physical reality. If you haven't run into it, I suppose I must just be either the luckiest or unluckiest fellow on the planet. I'm still not sure whether or not there is an unwritten acknowledgement or tacit agreement to not call out or discuss the phenomena, because it never seems to make anyone comfortable. Whereas I find the idea liberating, because it means there is at least a reason for communication difficulties that is possible to overcome, even if it isn't terribly fun for everyone involved. It's one thing to disagree, or to not have access to certain information to reason on. It's another completely to know, and knowingly deceive, feign ignorance, or go out of your way to avoid having to come to terms with something. And yes, I understand my view does not make me super popular in some circles, where fast and loose with the truth is more the norm. True, but they hadn't even gotten to that stage of the triage yet, and had no explicit documentation or training to make them aware of the counterindication of dealing with airspeed unreliable (by dealing with it actively, or postponing it) followed by stab trim runaway. The important takeaway is that no matter which way you look at it, this "you don't need to know" item absolutely needed to be known since new error cases altered the process of "walking the fault tree" had been substantially. Calling them on the throttle is a bit like blaming a blindfolded man for walking off a cliff with his shoe untied. Yes, the untied shoe may have tripped him up, but the culprit is still pretty damn clear. It can be overridden, yes, but releasing the switch also resets the MCAS activation timer, resulting in an activation 5 seconds after the switch is released. You would have to pulse the switch in sub-5 second increments depending on the way the switch works. If it's a direct switch, I.e. switch held down->motor moves, then they'd have to hold it down until trim was neutralized, then cut it out. If it's a discrete toggle, I.e. each toggle increments/decrements a set point the motor then follows; a pilot would have to be very conscious of their timing on the switches, and how much the stabilizer had actually managed to travel. Both of these would constitute new, MAX specific skills, that Boeing cannot show any acknowledgement or foreknowledge of without opening a massive can of worms. >The electric trim switches are a hold down => motor moves. It's not a MAX specific skill. Neither are the cutoff switches. Neat! >It's not a MAX specific skill. Neither are the cutoff switches. Well, the cutoff switches functionality was changed according to the Seattle Times, so while the procedure may be shared, the semantic significance of the switches did, in fact, change for MAX. https://www.seattletimes.com/business/boeing-aerospace/boein... > Why didn't they? I do not know, and none of the accounts I've read addressed this. I can give you a good hunch as to why. Because the absolute last thing a pilot wants to do with a plane load of people is experiment. That's what a simulator is for. I stumbled across the "suppress MCAS by trim switch spamming" within the first few seconds after I read a complete description of the system's functionality. It took a complete description of the problem, and a background in programming/systems design, engineering, and an enthusiast+ level of aviation familiarity to come to that course of action in that amount of time, under ideal information processing conditions, with the initial information uptake immediately prior to the advent of reasoning. Airline pilots had how to fly, and no information initially that there were dragons there, and even once they knew, they had no way to try to build new situational reflexes due to the lack of availability of accurate MAX simulators, because Boeing fought tooth and nail to get the regulator to agree that they weren't necessary . They had to manually fault inject on an NG simulator to even get an understanding of the conditions involved. Military pilot training, from my understamding, bypasses the simulator, and dumps you into the seat of some of the most disagreeable aircraft ever designed, with an instructor who sabotages you regularly, leaving you in a spin, and you have 30 seconds to recover please. Begin. In that case, it's you, and the a-hole who just put you in a flat spin. Experiment away. Not 100+ innocent civilians depending on your ability to reason through what this damn plane is doing. Point being, information about the airframe was withheld due to an absolutely crushing need by Boeing for the aircraft to not require even the smallest degree of retraining. The pilots were absolutely not at fault for not being able or willing to experiment at the drop of a hat with a system they suddenly realized they had no way to understand. Putting them in that position in the first place is undeniably Boeing's fault. I keep seeing people make the push to have people invest; but what I never see is any clarification in in what or how ; which leads me to assume the pusher is really saying, put your cash in money manager's hands and let them make those decisions for you, and enjoy the interest. Here's the thing though: I'm not really sure that even with a fiduciary responsibility that the mere incentive of "getting a percent of interest earned on the behalf of clients" really does the market any good. A 10000 dollar investment in the right place at the right time can make the difference for a small business, which won't even appear on the radar for an investment fund. These types of money management schemes basically bias the system in favor of a smaller population of larger beneficiaries. I don't know about anyone else, but I think if people held onto their cash, and managed it to improve what they can locally, I think that we'd see more bang for the capital buck expenditure. I have seen much more get done with a bit of money in the right place at the right time rather than just throwing absurdly large amounts around and just banking on getting a couple percent back. My layman's point-of-view at least. Parents. The time has come to teach your chilluns the virtues of laser pointers, spray paint, and civil disobedience. It won't take long, I guarantee you. >Especially if as the article says a failure of the AOA sensor on the system would be Hazardous (looks like it was Catastrophic From my understanding, this was an intentional decision, as the only way they could certify the airframe without simulator training being required was to feed the MCAS with only 1 sensor. The only way they could do that is keeping the system overall rated as hazardous, as the Catastrophic rating would require multiple redundancy plus the training. This can be corroborated from the Australian 60 minutes expose. >For sure there may have been pressure from management to keep MCAS out of the manual but it’s not really up to he regulatory agency to be experts on the aircraft design, if things are being hidden by the company then I’d consider this bordering on professional misconduct on the parts of the engineers overseeing this work. That is my conclusion as well. Increased redundancy in airborne systems is very unintuitive. Double redundancy can be more dangerous than having a single system (at least when you're talking engines or sensors anyway). Triple redundancy is the norm for the specific reason that it's highly likely for symmetrically placed sensors to be prone to failing in the same way not long after each other, but having a third differently placed can keep you flying. Although there's at least one instance where an Airbus plane had two AoA sensors malfunction at the same time and outvote the last remaining sensor. This is why critical systems are built with higher degrees of redundancy and graceful degradation of operational envelope in mind. Training on how to deal with unaided flight is also absolutely essential. Many Airbus accidents where pilot's were caught off guard when the automation that kept them from breaking out of the operating envelope failed. Long story short; Boeing has put themselves in the unenviable position of having delivered a product in ways that are not only illegal, but deadly, and short of pilots accepting a significant burden in the form of being as good at or better than the MCAS system at this point; a lot of man hours and capital has been expended to end up in a situation where every MAX is in a not inconsiderable risk of being scrapped. The problem occurred in that that sensor had a privileged (unoverridable) pipeline to the horizontal stabilizer. The pilots knew something was going wrong. That wasn't the issue. The issue was that the bloody thing could mistrim the plane to the point of nigh irrecoverability, and no one knew enough about it until two planes full of people plunged out of the sky. The plane may be able to fly just fine; but the way this thing was developed and brought into mainstream use had critical problems in terms of essential information being communicated. All the decisions and motivations behind these lack of communication have to some point been traced back to trying to circumvent regulations in order to prop up share price by scoring sales of a new airframe of comparable efficiency to the a320neo. The meme comes from the fact that according to the technical definition of aerodynamic stability, the MAX has pitch instability at high AoA. FAA certification regulations appear to be willing to accept minor deviance in regard to them so long as they can be convinced there are sufficient technological controls in place to manage the instability. This is the danger of self-certification by the way. The company signs off that everything is fine, and the regulator is blissfully unaware they've been rused until after people have already died. Few companies shape their industry as drastically as Google does. Hence the Anti-Trust probe. Nobody is that good, sadly. Every time someone has looked to be that good historically, it was because they were engaging in anti-competitive practices, and needed to be broken up. This isn't hard to look up. MaBell, Standard Oil. It's a pretty consistent pattern. We've been pretty hands off on the trust busting simce the MaBell breakup, and the impetus to do anything about Google or Facebook has been rather low, since there hadn't been any glaringly obvious downsides to letting them do their thing. However, given certain waves that Big Tech has started to make; Oracle v. Google, making ad blocking in the major dominant browser contingent upon subscription, Cambridge Analytics, perceived political bias and activism by Dr-platforming, tech has not only made it painfully obvious the danger posed by massive stores of unbridled data collection, but that having platforms all economically centralized under a small number of stakeholders is a danger to the continued stability of "the System". It's one of those wisdom of the masses sort of things. Awareness and sentiment forming seems to have finally hit the tipping point at which enough people are onboard for something to be done about it all. Interesting times ahead. So, you've viewed the FISA warranting process? You can say for sure that their process exists as one sheet per person/username? These documents are not available for public audit, so I find the faith you demonstrate to be questionable. You know for a fact that there is no concentrated effort to slurp up as much information as possible to provide a political/intelligence bargaining chip with other state's intelligence services? You are right about one thing ; it isn't as bad as the PRC's social credit system: yet. However, it is there as a foundation for one, and even what we have was considered unprecedented and the stuff of crackpots before evidence of the existence of these types of systems was made bare before all by Snowden. Also, the 4th Amendment you insist provides so much protection? It doesn't apply under current case law. As soon as you share your information with a third party, 4th Amendment stops applying as there is no expectation of privacy; except in the few and far between carveouts of medical records or legal communique with an attorney. I don't personally buy that reasoning (Third Party Doctrine) but the courts do; act accordingly.