I have to say that "graduated from MIT" is far more impressive to potential employers, investors and co-founders than is warranted, IMO. And I say this as an MIT grad. :) Being no dummy, I dig through my nightstand to find and wear my brass rat (MIT class ring) approximately once every 5 years, when I need a better shot at one of those things. Otherwise, no one I know cares, though half of our top technical leaders are from MIT. I also look at the recruiting efforts my current company (startup in early 200x, now decidedly not-startupy, public, and $500+K in annual revenue): we bias heavily towards "top" CS schools when doing college recruiting. We've gotten some absolutely fabulous candidates from "second tier" schools and we naturally recruit there every year, but if you come from MIT, you get a full 25% (estimated) better chance right from the start of the interview. For my own account (plural of anecdote not being data notwithstanding), despite being a pretty strong candidate, I strongly suspect that my current lot in life is based more than 50% on my attending (and not even spectacular results at) MIT, and as a result, I give heartily every time they call for alumni donations. Employers and founders: MIT isn't all that special. So called "second tier" schools also have some extremely capable potential employees, and individual talent, motivation and drive is FAR more important. High-school students: If you have the choice between MIT and $200K in debt and a state school with a full ride, and you're pretty sure you're going to work in engineering for 20 years, definitely go to MIT. Right or wrong, that name opens doors, and I believe I've done a lot more interesting and lucrative work than I'd have been able to do from the full ride I had offered to me at UMCP. As an MIT grad, I'm a lot less impressed with the brass rat than most people who are in a position to help shape your lot in life. If you're going to found 5 startups in the hopes that one will be a solid success, save the $200K and invest it in your startups. If you're going to go work for someone else, even just for a while, you'll have no problem paying off your student loans from MIT, or any other top school, IME. Sure it does, but if you're working hourly, you're still making the same total $, working the same hours, just over more projects. For me, while I do love coding, my side projects truly are a means to an end ($$ to put in a home theater, or take a trip, or do whatever else I want to do). Hidden in your question is the kernel of why fixed-bid is better when your skills (in terms of lower hours-expended for a finished-system) are better than your competition, and you can sell it. Now, all that said, I'm wrapping up a fixed-bid (~$25K) side project where scope creep is killing me on my (effective) hourly rate. It's still fun; I'm learning a lot about things I don't do in my "day job" and I'm almost certainly going to get more work from this client if I want it, but I made the mistake of bidding fixed-price with some assumptions about the scope that were ludicrously off. (My fault, not the client's, and I'm eating it. If the work weren't fun, it would be an extremely bitter taste...) I'm still in favor of the fixed-bid (as it makes the sales job much easier), but watch scope creep. One last important point: if you are bidding fixed because you are a great coder and a poor salesman, your lack of sales/negotiation skills may be an issue when the client thinks something was in scope and you think it's out of scope. If this is a possibility, figure out your strategy ahead of time, or you'll end up doing the feature "for free". I have to disagree with some of the thinking here. In my view, TIME is your most valuable resource, and anything that isn't a core competency you want to get out with as little investment of time as possible. TWO DAYS of hacking spent (squandered?) building your own phone system? Really? Unless you have significant staff, how can that be remotely a reasonable return vs just using cell phones? Many of the other suggestions are good ones, but don't get caught in the trap of "Just because I can do XXX which will save $Y, that I obviously should." If your core competency has something to do with phones, by all means hack away on your phone system. I'm not sure that's so clear. Suppose we say $200K is the "6 figure salary." That's getting paid for 6 years of work right now, and even if you have to put in 12 months at the acquirer to fully vest the $1.5mm, that's getting paid $1.7mm for a year of work (reckoning from this point forward). I'm not saying that's a slam-dunk deal, but it's a far cry better than 1/5th that amount... I doubt anyone will do jail time for this, if even any laws were broken. And if Porsche settles for the maximum 1 million Euro fine, that's not even 1/1000th of the profits they made on the backs of the shorts. It's not like their aspiration to takeover VW was any kind of a secret in either the auto or finance worlds. Frankly, I have no sympathy for market speculators who got reamed here by shorting VW. I do have some sympathy for people who were short the DAX index as a broad-based hedging strategy and got trapped by the leap in the DAX. Then again, "the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent" is a true today as it was 75 years ago. (I originally tried to keep this short. Epic fail.) I don't want to sound unsympathetic, as you seem to have an actual medical condition that's substantially impacting your life. At the same time, I want to point out a few things that really struck me reading your post, as I don't think mindless sympathy is the ideal approach to helping others. (Asperger's has its upside, too... :) ) "essentially told by HR that I was obligated to comeback full-time" BS! Indentured servitude has long ago been outlawed in the US, and while my company generally tries hard to get our good interns to come back full-time, HR doesn't phrase it as an obligation. "my girlfriend of 8 years (seriously, we had been together since we were 16) had just left me because I was exhausted and working all of the time" There's an awful lot of relationship "turbulence" in the mid-20s, and it's awfully hard to pin a breakup to a specific root cause, especially when it's fairly vague. "I'm actually afraid to get another job." Why? For a good coder, they're everywhere, easy to get, and pretty handy for paying the bills. There's an substantial chance that your prior employer is just a grind 'em up and spit 'em out crappy employer, though it's hard to say from only hearing your side. But if it really was "your employer's fault", then getting another one has a substantial chance of fixing a large part of what you are complaining about. (And if it was really "your fault" (see below), getting another one gets you that one step closer to figuring that out too, so that you can change that.) I'd offer a couple pieces of advice: 1. Take responsibility for choosing your own path. Don't let HR tell you you're obligated to come back. Don't work for crappy employers. 2. Don't "double down" on your limitations. Given that you have a legitimate medical condition, don't tie other aspects of your life to that condition. Don't blame a failed relationship on it, etc; otherwise, you're liable to fall into a victim mentality, which regardless of whether or not there is a true linkage, doesn't help you to make thoughtful choices in your life. 3. There are plenty of employers out there for good hackers, and I've worked with people with far more messed up sleep/work schedules than you, and I'd hire (some of) those people with nothing more than a phone call telling me they were available. If hacking is the one thing you love doing, do that. Going to academia, or anything other than hacking, is a cop-out. Go get another job hacking, and if that doesn't work out, go get another job hacking, and repeat until you find one that makes you mutually happy. If you get to 4 or 5 and find that you're still "0 for", then think about whether there are other root causes, and whether you bear more responsibility for some of your challenges than you are currently admitting to. You need more data. You came to HN asking for it. IMO, you really need more data about YOU and how YOU will handle your life responsibilities, and while you can ask HN how people here handle their lives, ultimately, it's going to be a lot more productive to find YOUR answers in YOUR mirror. "Worst kept secret" approximates "public information" at the limit. It took me less than two seconds to figure out how to use two companies to get to 100x, or three companies to get to 1000x, etc, etc. Thinking as a libertarian, the key is to eliminate the government prop for the losers. People involved get the implied government/judicial prop of bankruptcy protection if they need it, but otherwise, let them fail, let the failures cascade as they will, and get on with the healing/repair/rebuilding as soon as possible. Sure, I agree that it sucks that someone might have an employment agreement that suggests they are owed a stream of the future profits of a company in the form of a private pension, and if that company fails, they won't get that pension payment. So what? That's like me betting my buddy a billion dollars on a coin flip and then the winner trying to collect the bet from a third party (the government is nothing more than a series of third parties acting collectively). "But I had an agreement and I was counting on that money to live in retirement?" True, but not the problem of the taxpayers that you wagered your retirement on a poorly managed company, whether it's a bank, brokerage, or in the case of GM, a retiree health care and pension company that happens to build cars with a portion of its efforts. I was assuming that your measure of badness was "the more people who know this secret, the worse kept it is". By that measure, the limit of a poorly kept secret is exactly public information. I'm having a hard time coming up with any other continuous measure of "badness" of secret keeping. I couldn't come up with a way to express a parallel with being the best darn turd polisher out there without it sounding like a personal attack on you, not a commentary on how you should be more aware of the seriously uphill battle you face. I honestly think that folding and moving onto a better hand/idea is the move here. If you want to run the site as a learning exercise, you can probably use ads or affiliate referrals to actual cash-game sites as a source of paying for hosting, and there might be enough leftover for a WSOP super-satellite entry fee. I think trying to figure out what will make your "free poker social networking site" take on a Facebook type trajectory as opposed to the 99 other couldabeen-Facebooks is not a +EV play. You should definitely look into twoplustwo.com's forums and business model, but they've already got a pretty good lock on the poker-theory discussion and a well-established community. I re-read my comment pretty carefully and I'm still not sure how the principle of "don't create new government guarantees to back failed private enterprise obligations" has become "we shouldn't have any government regulation of public safety issues" in your mind. For the record, I do "accept that sometime, somewhere laissez faire markets may produce a situation where a good chunk of society is undernourished." I think that it's the pro-welfarists and socialists that seem to have a problem accepting that. To me, wanting minimal government interference in private choices is purely a matter of practicality, not one of morality. I'd prefer that the government not be a nanny to the entire population, constantly at the ready to wipe the nose and dry the tears of anyone who gets hurt. I do agree that if the government is going to serve that purpose, then they'll pretty much have to take away the rewards for good choices, as both a disincentive to take large risks and equally importantly, because it's going to be damned expensive to prop up everyone who chose poorly, someone's got to pay for it, and only those who chose well can afford it. We're pretty far afield of hacker news at this point, and I suspect we understand each other views at a gross level and simply disagree on where the optimal point for a society's government to strive for is located. If it's any consolation, despite having made good choices, I have no say or sway in the matter and that people who think more like you are in power and are determined to wipe the noses that "need" wiped and dry the abundant damp eyes, so you'll get your way anyhow... One example answer is that if your gross margin is anything under 10%, you shouldn't spend $100m in advertising for $1mm in marginal revenue. Doesn't happen often in software, of course. You could also do $5 for 3 months, no auto-renewal. Let's say your gross margin is 9%. You spend $100K in advertising. You get an additional $1000K in revenue, on which you make a 9% profit. You bank $90K profit from this. You're $10K worse off for having done that advertising. Here's a related question: I'll posit that there is a higher density of "very desirable" top-notch hackers being thrown into the job market than at any other time in my 15-year career. You know the people: the ones that rarely hit the normal job market because with one or two emails, they can line up their next gig in an afternoon throught their network or friends-of-friends. For those of us who are hiring, what strategies can we use to ensure that we in-person interview more of those candidates (with whom we can generally sell them) and spend less time on the "perma job seekers" that seem to form the bulk of the job applicant population. I don't mean to sound overly elitist, but if I've only got 1 spot open, I want to take a shot at selling the very best candidates, and spend as little time interviewing the also-rans as possible. (This is in regards to professional hires; our college-level recruiting program is in good shape, and there's less change from last year there than in the landscape for professional hires) Followup question: How do I know I have "one of these people" such that I can not waste their time with phone interviews, etc? Letting in a lot of chaff in hopes of not turning away wheat is not scalable, and if I already knew who the good ones were without phone screening them, I could probably cut down on the interviewing as well. I'll grant you that true networked hires may have earned a skip-the-phone stage, though I'd still rather answer THEIR questions on the phone than find a no-fit after 3 hours in-office. Be able to move fast is always good advice though! 10 years ago and for a different company (in the computer game industry), we used a two question test (in C): 1. Write hex2int (without using any stdlib functions, such as strtoul(s,null, 16) for example. :) ) 2. Delete a node from a singly-linked list. Personally, I found a VERY strong correlation between what we wanted in a game developer and their answer to #1. #2 I didn't find all that valuable, other than to weed out people who'd never taken any algorithm/data structure coursework. For that company, and those roles, it worked very well, because there's a correlation between bit twiddling, pointer operations, and knowing whether someone "gets" pointers and their job performance. That's not the case in most jobs, nor in most modern languages. (Who cares if you "get" pointers if your language doesn't have them?) My current company asks on from a set of some fairly basic questions on the phone screen, and we pretty much grade the whole phone screen "pass/fail" (interview/thank you for your time). I can't say they work quite as well, but we're also looking significantly "up market" from what the game company needed. My idealized criteria: For professional hires: keep it short, but not so basic as to be insulting. For college hires: keep it short, and probably basic. For all in-person/whiteboard exercises: ignore error checking, exceptional conditions, etc. It's just too much effort to go through in that format. Best coding test I ever took was for Accolade, who sent a zip file of source code for a very simple game (fly an airplane across a 2D map with mountains) and asked you to write "AI" (in the game sense, not the compsci sense) for the player. You had an evening and mailed them back a zip file with your code included. That was fun to do, and I suspect gave them fairly fine-grained insight into how good a coder you were, as there's "working", "optimal" and "elegant" dimensions into which various solutions bucket themselves. I used sedo.com, and was completely satisified for my one transaction with them. There's a quite legitimate reason to use exploding offers (beyond the implied "bad" reasons Joel cites): to ensure that companies get exactly the number of college hires that they want. If you've got budget for "no more than 20" and a real desire to hit 20 on the dot, then it's entirely rational (and I think reasonable) to extend exploding offers to your top 30 candidates, and then as the prior offers expire or are turned down, to extend offers to the "waitlist". It's not particularly different from the college admissions process, or a season ticket renewal process, daycare/pre-school admissions waitlisting, or any other means of efficiently allocating limited resources over a period of time, and is certainly not inherently evil. That's one legitimate viewpoint, but on the flipside, realize that I truly believe I work for (and represent) a fantastic employer, and that everyone on the waitlist who needlessly ends up working someplace else in the parallel universe, in which we didn't use exploding offers, has been "harmed" by that outcome. IMO, it's not just about treating your first choice potential employee as a person, but about treating your last choice potential employee as a person too. Amusing the order you chose. If you really love coding (and are good at it), you should never have to work(+) a day in your life. +-Sure, you'll have to write code, but for me that's an enjoyable play/hobby activity that companies are all too happy to pay me all too much for. "Work" in the preceding PP is something that you don't like doing and would only do in exchange for money. Find the right role in the right company, and you could easily have your "office hobby" that you use to pay the bills for your other hobbies and leisure time. Over the years, I'd say that I've been paid on average 4x what it would actually have required to secure my services, and the minimum amount is really driven by what it would cost me to eat, drink, sleep and be merry. (It turns out however, that that "surplus" 3x has made my life considerably more comfortable and, in some areas, extravagant. I hope my boss doesn't read this until after he's decided on my raise and bonus for the year. ;) ) zephyr -i help at MIT had almost exactly the opposite problem: people were charged up/competing to be the first one to provide the correct answer. It worked shockingly well, as a consumer and it was fun to kill some time as a supplier of answers. (My time at MIT all pre-dates the interwebs, so I can't directly compare/contrast it to a world with Google as an option.) "Sorry honey, I was thinking very intently about the deep thought you just shared, and my brain just needed some additional cooling." Get out of jail free... > We even had some employees who volunteered to be "rif'ed." Two I know had already received offers from outside the company that were still open, but they were declined, so the company could axe those that H.R. chose instead. Why should the company "take volunteers" for RIFs? Now I don't argue for a purely chance-based system for doing layoffs, preferring instead that a viable company make thoughtful choices about whom should be let go, I will observe that a random lottery will likely produce better results for the on-going company operations than allowing for a voluntary round of layoffs (presumably, with severance). In a voluntary round, your most employable are disproportionately likely to volunteer, meaning you're worse off than if you left it to chance. (From the less-than-median employable employee's point of view, naturally allowing for a voluntary round is preferable, but it's the company's choice of how to do it, not the worst employee's choice.) Decent article overall (fairly short and not particularly controversial though). One item I would argue with is the second half of this: > You need to decide what critical means for you (most often it means losing money). Just because you're losing money doesn't make it critical, at least not for any site that operates at scale. If you log as critical everytime you knew you're losing small amounts of money, you'll also have log files full of tiny taxes you've paid. "Can't reach US credit card payment provider" probably sounds critical, but isn't all that critical if you can place that order into a stored state and retry it with the provider later. Sure, that loses money because some of those payments will fail, and some users won't retry after an email prompt, but that doesn't make it critical. In my experience (on the dev side for years and now on the operations side), developers log errors at one level more severe than is actually warranted. ("Divide by zero" is almost never a fatal error from the perspective of the site operations team. :) ) Student loans, personal loans other than credit cards, business loans, preferred stock, corporate, municipal and government bonds (from the issuer's perspective) all change price/rate in response to missed or late payments on other obligations. (In the latter case, often dramatically so.) Why shouldn't a lender be a able to offer a contract that allows them to increase their fees when the borrower shows themselves to be a less than ideal credit risk at some point in the future? The borrower signed the terms; if they didn't like them, they could have not signed them, or they can pay off and close the account now. Those are the two (non-bankruptcy) avenues for them to get out of the contract that they now don't like having signed. In the long run, I do not. In the short run, I think you are confusing the end of the artificially high good times substantially fueled by these people "screwing themselves" with an absolute reduction in relative purchasing power (or other measure of "goodness") for people who didn't participate. Honestly, even though I bought a house in summer 2007 (which is now worth somewhat less than I paid), I've been made vastly better off by the free and easy credit that others took part in and that I for the most part did not. Sure, the economic turmoil/headwinds now are less pleasant than 2004-2006/early 2007, but that's far from saying "I got screwed by this obviously unsustainable great ride ending." "What he is really saying is 'what's fair got to do with it?" Huh? People who are "riskier" paying higher rates and fees IS fair. Would you lend your (presumably hypothetical) deadbeat, drug-addled uncle your entire $100,000 retirement nest egg at the same rate and terms that you'd lend the US government? Why the hell not?! He's family, and these big mean credit card companies are profit-seeking arms-length lenders, and you would expect them to act morally better (by your standard, not mine) than you would to family? (I would neither expect, nor as an investor, wish for them to do that.) Concede the point on bonds held to maturity; you're right. Private student loans are variable interest rate loans, many at the whim of the providing company. (I'd agree that private student loans are much closer to evil than revolving credit, and that more education is due on both topics to consumers of both types of debt. But I'm still not in favor of restricting the availability of a financial product that might not be in any given consumer's best interest, so long as it is in the best interest of some consumer.) Govt-backed student loans are as you describe. As to the over the edge "problem", that's a problem of the consumer's making+, and a creditor acting in their own best interest probably OUGHT to tighten credit for borrowers that it identifies, even on an acturial basis using information unrelated to the direct consumer creditor interaction, as being a higher risk. + - Debtors who are not in over their head generally don't face these problems. First of all: IMO, the US auto industry woes have not one damn thing to do with credit boom/bust, and if anything, their run (the companies and the UAW) was extended by the credit freedom, but in any free market, if your costs are 1.5x your competitors and the desirability of their product is 1.5x yours, you're in for a world of hurt. (I own three American cars: one Jeep and two sixties Mustangs, and if I had to do it over again, I probably wouldn't have bought the Jeep.) The US financial industry, I'd agree with you IF I thought we could effectively modulate without introducing deadweight losses for no net gain. (Historically, I don't think we have a good track record at this, in this or any other country.) What do I mean by that? The minute you introduce legislation to try to modulate something, a substantial result of that is to take smart people and apply them to figuring out how to comply with and/or work within/around the new regulations. So instead of building something people want or that makes the world better/more efficient, they're instead working on regulatory compliance. Then the most powerful institutions bid up the prices of the services of those people who are the very best at working around the regulation, or at lobbying for their activities to be exempted, and the cycle continues. If we could come up with a means to instanteously generate perfect regulation, I would indeed agree with your proposal. I'm not holding my breath for it... For your long-run personal wealth, do you think you would you be better or worse off focusing on having zero short-term debt? I agree with you vastly more than I disagree, but will observe that if you manage your debt reasonably, you have the ultimate recourse when your CC company changes your terms: Fire them. Pay that debt off, possibly by borrowing from another company willing to extend you terms more to your liking. I agree that people to whom no one will lend more money are at a great disadvantage. I don't see any way to fix that, as preventing CC companies from offering variable APR offers in the future will likely make things worse for marginal customers; it will just make the companies completely unwilling to extend them credit. Embargoing consumers who are already suffering doesn't help them in the short term. Pay the balance down to zero, and because of the strange quirk in the FICO scoring system, stop using it, but don't close the account. "Problem" #1 solved. I'm not sure exactly how to demonstrate the fairness to you if you don't see it in the above hypothetical case, esp if you agree that you wouldn't "lend" your entire retirement to a poor credit risk individual. I'll take one more shot at it: In order to attract prudent capital to a riskier investment, the projected rate of return must be higher than that of any available safe, or safer, investment. IOW, to lend to "high risk" customers, the credit card company has to charge some form of higher fees or rates. If they don't elect to offer lower rates to the "low risk" customers than those that they have to charge the high-risk customers, then someone else will come along and cherry-pick the low-risk customers. Said only slightly differently, why would anyone choose invest at arms-length in something riskier if there were a safer alternative available with an equal rate of return? They wouldn't, and any attempt to compel them to do so via regulation is unlikely to produce a result that you'd be happy with. It will either dry up credit for everyone, dry up credit for only the riskier potential patrons, or result in #1, followed by the demand for changes to the bankruptcy laws to enable creditors to safely lend at the mandated terms to all comers. I doubt that any of those will be a net benefit to society, except possibly the second, which would still result in extreme short-term pain to lower economic status individuals, who are disproportionately represented in the "high risk" cohorts of the market. Why shouldn't we expect pay raises take a hit at a time like this? The US economy is not growing much, if at all, and in fact is most likely in a recession. There's a strong possibility that inflation in the next 12 months will be well under 2%, and that we may even slip into deflationary environment overall. In a -1 to 1% inflationary environment, we should be happier with a 2.5% increase than with a 5% increase in an 8-10% inflationary environment. If you ask most people, they'd be happier with the second case however. (I'm hoping my own salary review is completed prior to my boss reading this HN comment, but honestly, if I don't get a merit increase, I'm not going anywhere, so there's relatively little tension to compel them to grant me one.) Perhaps it would be helpful to propose some alternative situation-specific metric of fair to help me understand what you're not understanding about what I'm saying. To you, how would you define "fair" so as to create a stable system in a way that's fundamentally different from "in keeping with free market economics"? In a free market of lenders and borrowers, "fair" is whatever each party agrees to enter into acting in their own best interest. If the lender thinks the terms are "unfair" to them, they don't lend. If the borrower thinks the terms are "unfair" to them, they do not borrow. Therefore, if a lender lends to a borrower, both parties have agreed that the deal is "fair". If a borrower finds that no one will lend to them on terms the borrower likes and then freely decides to loosen their standards and borrow anyway, I don't see any unfairness at work, rather that the borrower has updated their own concept of what a "fair deal" is, in order to borrow the money they want. That's helpful in explaining your and my disconnect. I suspect that you are I are pretty much talking to each other at this point, which is more than fine with me, as I find it quite interesting. > For the individual who gets told that Mongolians from Sweden pay an extra 3% if they [wear] shiny shoes, it may seem unfair. It may seem unfair to that person, but if it's wrong (meaning not borne out by the facts/stats), then another insurance or credit card company will almost surely come along and offer Swedish Mongolian shiny-shoe wearers deals at par, or even at a discount, to what the 3% surcharge company offers. In other words, if a company significantly overprices a given risk, that's just bad business or bad judgement, but it's not unfair. Similarly, if they underprice the risk, that's also not unfair, just bad business/judgement. Wherever significant price deviations are present and leaving money on the table, a competitor will come in to address the consumer need. And if they don't, then that's just the market price, which to me is the fair price. So I think I agree with your assesment that in my mind fair is a synonym, or at least an extremely close analog, to non-coercive. What you call price "gouging" (such as increasing the price of food, water, or gasoline in a time of shortage), I call an efficient market allocating scarce resources to those in the greatest need (as demonstrated by being willing to pay the highest price). If you mandate that the price of gasoline be $1.00 in the weeks following Katrina, how much gasoline do you think will get sold? Almost none would be my prediction. Instead, you'd find massive hoarding and gas stations closing rather than selling gas at a loss. How does that help anyone? Instead, if you let the price float to $5, $6, then those who need gas will buy it; those that don't will have no incentive (in fact a disincentive) to hoard it, and those who might be just driving around aimlessly for amusement will temporarily stop doing that, conserving that very limited resource. Seems VASTLY more efficient to me, and seems perfectly fair as well. Similarly, if you arrive at a monopoly through market forces, I think that's perfectly fine. If you are AWARDED a monopoly by the state, then that monopoly must be a tightly regulated monopoly by that same state. But I don't see any reason why Google shouldn't be allowed to reap the rewards of conquering search if they eventually do so. Or why Virgin Galactic couldn't operate a de-facto monopoly on space tourism, or any other example of where a market-derived monopoly is inherently unfair. To me, the state taking away an earned monopoly is what would be unfair. I have really enjoyed our discussion, though I suspect we're at the point of understanding pretty well what each other is saying and probably unlikely for you to agree that $5-$6 gas is "fair" post Katrina, and for me to think it is, and agree to disagree after a thought-provoking discussion. I can almost guarantee that if a card issuer were to unilaterally (not by force of regulation, or by industry-wide standard practice) raise the minimum payment formula to something that I would find rational (3-5 year payoff period perhaps), that there would be an immediate hue and cry about how damaging that action was to disenfranchised borrowers, as some people were "just getting by" before and now they're going to be in debt trouble by virtue of this action. (Newsflash, they only appeared to be getting by before and they were already deep in debt trouble, but that's not how it would be reported and complained about.) Though I'm of the opinion "let adults make adult decisions for themselves, don't have government be a nanny", here even I can see a reason to regulate (whether by government, or ideally by an organization like PCI) minimum payments higher than a 30 year amortization schedule. Frankly, Detroit would do well to copy their foreign competitors a bit more often. Which American car did the Datsun B210 copy? Which car did Porsche's 911 or Mercedes' S-class? Or for that matter, Toyota's Prius? I see plenty of examples of foreign competition innovating successfully, often at "non-competitive" prices. Detroit's last significant innovation was what? The 60-month car lease? The UAW job bank? I spent a week in Tokyo in 2005 and "must buy Japanese toilet in my eventual house" was a key takeaway message. It does take a few days to turn your opinion around on the warm seat issue. On a legacy toilet, a warm toilet seat feels gross because you can't help but think about how it got warm and how recently that must have been. The reptilian part of my brain took a few days to get over that; afterwards it was the second-best feature ever. The best? Those sprays. At the risk of taking it to the gutter, which I'll try to avoid: think about a time when you might have been ill or otherwise had intestinal troubles. You may have, as I have, just stepped right off the john and into the shower to tidy up rather than deforest all of Washington state for TP. With the spray, your normal hygeine regimen steps up to "almost freshly showered" and it requires almost no paper as you're simply drying with the paper. (I never had the patience to wait for the heated fans to dry my bottom, as they work about as quickly as the old-style ones in US bathrooms, and there too I'd have to wipe my hand/bottom on my pants.) The heated seat is good, but the spray is the business! OK. When Honda started making the Civic and Toyota the Corolla, what American car where they competing against, or copying? (I'll give you a hint: it wasn't a car that was remotely competitive in the small, reliable inexpensive car segment, and probably not one that you'd recognize today as a direct competitor to the first Civic, Prelude, or Corolla. Go drive an '84 Omni and an '84 Rabbit and tell me which is the better car. Or a 70's Chevette and a 70's Civic or Prelude.) I will grant you that the ur-Mustang was a stroke of genius, reasonbly innovative in the sense of creating visceral demand for a fun and cheap car. Right after the pony cars came the muscle cars, which may have represented the pinnacle of Detroit as measured by getting the country to actually lust after your products, to care about what engine and trim package was in the latest chromed sled to roll down Main Street. Even today, I'm proud to own a 65 hardtop and 66 convertible Mustang, both of which are 5+ years older than I am, and I feel happy to see the smiles of passersby of all ages when they see a piece of proud American history roll by. And that's exactly the problem, the pride is in the history, not the present. The Mustang and Pontiac GTO debuted over FORTY FOUR YEARS AGO! That's a pretty long drought, and despite their appeal, the C-5 'vette, Fox Mustang, and Hummer (the H1, not that plasticky rebadged Tahoe they call an H3) haven't really hit the same chord, have they? Of those 3, I suspect the vette and H1 didn't make significant annual profits, and almost surely not what Porsche makes on the 911 alone every year, nevermind the significant profits they bank on the Cayenne. (And all 3 of those together, over their entire production run, certainly didn't make what Porsche made this year on VW options alone!) By way of background, my 3 registered and insured cars are all American; I don't have a huge axe to grind here to justify my own purchases, but as I see it, Japan and Europe are eating Detroit's lunch, and based on my experience with my '96 Jeep, Satan will probably be wearing a winter coat before I buy another new American car. (I do all my own maintenance and help friends maintain their cars, so I see first-hand how my cars and how the Japanese and German competition are engineered.) FTR, I agree with you that the UAW deal stinks for Detroit. I'm just ALSO unconvinced that if the government paid Detroit $2000 for every car they sold that Detroit would be remotely competitive. So while they have a cost basis problem, that's not their only problem, not by a long shot. I upvoted you, because that's a great point on financial solvency. However, it doesn't address the long-run problem of how to take back market share from foreign competitors, which is the type of sustainable advantage that I presume Detroit needs in order to thrive. (I'll also observe that your QED was to a simple P&L equation, not to the thrust of my comment.) Did you read the article at all? Take the case of the breast cancer charity which, from the article, was pulling in $71mm from charity walks using his services. They stopped using his services and continued the walks and are taking in $11mm now. You might argue that several other variables might have also changed, but a 6.5x factor is hard to ignore. I'd delay the office as long as possible for almost all software-only shops. It's a PITA, a distraction, and an additional expense. Once you grow to a certain point and NEED the space, or if your home situation is too distraction-filled, then go get an office. Too many people are hooked on the idea "if I can work in my PJs, it must not be a real job". If that describes your (or your family's) opinion and you can't change it, you might have to, but look at an office as a necessary evil, not an indicator or predictor of successfulness. Edit: clarified that I meant renting real estate not just "the last" which could be employee or office. As a matter of practicality, any number in the $80K+ range will be fine, though you may feel better about paying yourself $100K given that the spread in taxes is under $1K/year (from 80->100). You can go below "normal"; you just can't go below "reasonable". I'd also set the comparable position as "web developer", not "CEO", as you can make a strong case that your primary function day-to-day is more akin to web-dev than to captain-of-industry. Another important thing to keep in mind, depending on your forecast need for credit: you may find it easier to qualify for a mortgage, to refinance, etc, if you have a higher base salary. Any amount by which you can get more favorable terms on a mortgage will likely BURY that $1K/yr in taxes. Sure you can substantiate with 2 years of tax returns, etc, etc, but that's going to invite human scrutiny, and in the current credit situation, I'd want to have the skids as greased as possible to have my application "look normal". In what way(s) do you think YC isn't open to older entrepreneurs? If anything, I suspect older entrepreneurs aren't as open to YC than the other way around. In my own case, if I wanted $20K in expenses for a startup, I'd login to e*trade and transfer it, or I'd write a check for it. Doesn't seem worth giving up 6% for the cash, though if I were intent on striking out on my own, I'd almost certainly talk to YC, to see if a "3% for $1 and advice/contacts" deal could be worked out. At least wait until one of those mega-lotteries gets to an EV of a unit wager is over 1.0. (Yes, I'm willing to let slip the NPV discounting, and buy tickets when the "advertised amount" makes it a +EV wager.) It's not just about status, but the people who would want the relatively higher income are correct, IMO. Abstract (fiat) money exists as a proxy for productive labor. If in one world an hour of unskilled labor costs $1, and in a parallel world, an hour of unskilled labor costs $10, I'd assume that world A's dime is worth world B's dollar, and all other things equal, I'd rather have a dime in world where everyone else had a penny than a dollar in a world where everyone had ten dollars. If I have relatively more money, I can pay people to do things that I don't care to do (rake leaves, remove garbage, grow food, whatever) much more easily than if everyone in the world has more money than I do... "The argument that rent control prevents owners from maintaining their buildings is pure bullshit. There's not a rent-control law in existence that doesn't allow annual increases sufficient for maintenance. Buildings aren't maintained because the owner sees the opportunity for dramatically increased profits if the current tenant leaves and lets the building fall to shit in an effort to drive them out." Read that paragraph slowly and see if you can find the causal relationship between rent control and buildings not being maintained. It's easier to find than Waldo... While true that it doesn't prevent them by force of law from maintaining the buildings, the natural profit-seeking motivations will cause a sharp increase in deferred or eliminated maintenance and improvements, as the landlord wins either way: either they save 1-2% in current expenses or they get to reset the rent to market rents if the tenant gets too sick of their shithole. Seems pretty far from "pure bullshit" to me... As the son of a former small-time landord (teachers by day, landlords of 1 single family and 1 duplex house), I can assure you that those landlords will have PLENTY of tenants to rent to down there! Clearly living in a deteroriating building is better than being evicted. However, eviction is not the alternative to rent control. Being evicted is different from having your rent raised to market rates, and is different from having your lease not renewed. It may be a legal consequence of tenants deciding not to leave and/or not to pay a higher rent, but it's not like the choice we're debating is eviction vs rent control. As to my restatement, you claimed that argument X is "pure bullshit" in a short paragraph that shows you clearly understand that argument X is much more accurate than inaccurate. If quoting that paragraph and asking you to observe that contradiction makes me a prick, so be it. (I'll admit to being sarcastic; if you want to call me a prick on the internet over it, I'll still sleep OK.) Or, in hopefully more common cases, they do the responsible thing and move out themselves at the end of the lease term, without going through the legal process of eviction. You need to recognize that he's coming from an aviation background, where multi-million dollar awards against parts manufacturers for pilot-judgment accidents were routine, and in fact did chase businesses (both manufacturers and service centers) out of the business as they couldn't afford liability insurance. $53 million in compensatory damage against a carburetor company for the crash of a single-engined 2-seater due to an exhaust valve failure? (Because the carb was recently replaced, and thus was within the statute of limitations.) http://www.allbusiness.com/legal/torts-damages/8890265-1.htm... Granted, that's only one case, but how many $500 carbs does that company have to sell to cover $53mm in exposure? How many more times than the tiny market for those carbs (that engine is no longer in use in a production aircraft)? I've left explicit instructions to my family that if I should pass crashing my airplane, that they are not to sue my maintenance facility or anyone else in the aviation industry. I hope that never comes to pass, but if it does, I wouldn't want to be part of perpetuating this ridiculousness. What prevents a cartel of home owners/buyers from taking out mortgages from a single small issuer, stopping payment en-masse, hoping to push the issuer into insolvency and drive down the value of those bonds and buy them on the open market? Something about your argument is not making sense. You say that as storage needs increase, the costs go up dramatically (that there are significant DISeconomies of scale). Yet Amazon is acting as an aggregator of all those ever-increasing storage needs, operating at even higher scale, yet is able to turn a profit providing a service at scale. Amazon almost certainly isn't building their own hardware. It seems you're arguing in circles somewhere there... Amusing quote from the first link: "Porsche exhibiting their excellent cornering ability" Is embargoing the foreign workers, who are perfectly willing (an understatement in many cases) to work for the wages being offered, ethical? I would say no. I personally feel that free trade is far more ethical than nationalist isolation/protectionism. (It's not just Americans that are "entitled" to a high standard of living.) In revision control systems, the "Who changed this line last and when?" is called "blame", so in fact, you are looking for "blame". :) How good could that deal on eggs be to justify the time and PITA to freeze and bag 10 dozen eggs individually? Were they paying her $5 a dozen to take 'em? The case in question concerns New York state, where Amazon does not (to my knowledge, based on facts in the links above) have a warehouse. Your case for wholly-owned warehouses is a reasonable one, and in fact, Amazon collects and pays sales taxes in several of those states. The New York case is materially different in that it concerns marketing affiliates, not warehouse holding companies. Here in Cambridge, MA, I think there are an awful lot of people who want YOU to know that THEY are driving a hybrid. IMO, the Prius hybrid didn't bury the Civic hybrid because it was better (it is for city, not for highway), but rather because the Civic hyrid looks like a normal Civic, which doesn't allow for an ostentatious display of smugness. http://torontoist.com/2007/08/green_plate_par.php When the fake review sites see one that says "No-BS", exactly how long until 10 of them say "No-BS"? I don't have a lot of faith that outlawing performance-based money management yields a stable system either. (I do agree that it is likely to yeild one less to synchronized catastrophic implosions, until it naturally devolves back into what I've seen twice in my 4 decades on the earth.) Suppose we "agree" that 6% is the safe rate of return, and no money manager is allowed to collect fees or bonuses based on performance. The next logical step for anyone with a relatively large amount of money is to try to build their own in-house (or in-family) money management arm to generate 7% or 8%. If that attempt is successful, by whatever means including blind luck, that money manager can go take his expertise elsewhere with a track record of "proven high returns", or get a not exactly fund performance based raise or bonus. (Call it a corporate profit-sharing bonus, or retention bonus, etc.) Logically, once one group is doing it, others will try to follow. No wealthy family is going to sit by generating 6% when someone in their same situation is generating 8%. Those that don't have large enough investment nuts to start with will pool with other not-quite wealthy investors, and eventually this will trickle down to the common mutual fund. And then we'll see "funds of funds" (or funds of fund, as we saw recently) that will take money, invest in the latest 8% fund, pay out 7% (still beats the 6%) and pocket 1% for expenses. Trying to legislate away greed is like pissing in the ocean. IMO, you need people to feel like risky investments are risky investments. If they instead feel like they own an implied governmental put on their risky investments, you just get more and more comfort with risk. People who make bets that they can't cover need to feel the pain, and for those fallouts to become public in the form of bankruptcies. Banishing an entire category of financial work (fee-based money management) because of some crooks, some bad bets, and some large failures is not the path to a productive and efficient means of distributing capital to the businesses who need it to generate growth, jobs, and new products, IMO. I worry that a logical outcome of this proposal would be an end to pooled-risk VC funds, and a substantial impairment to the liquidity and transparency of the public markets. It makes for a good blog entry though, as long as you don't think about it too hard. If GOOG could tell, with certainty, ahead of time what projects were brilliant and which ones were bad, they'd only fund the brilliant ones in the first place, right? The notion that GOOG is knowingly chasing bad projects solely because their stock price is high seems absurd. I think it's more likely that they just don't, and can't, know ahead of times what's going to stick. While I agree in general, to say that Amazon has zero impact on the state is also not true, as the packages don't magically teleport to customers. Along the way, UPS enjoys fire and police protection, places wear on the streets, requires traffic enforcement, city planning, water, etc. Note that in theory , NYS residents voluntarily self-report and self-pay state and local use tax for purchases made out of state on which no tax was collected. I'm sure that amounts to hundreds of dollars per year for the state... This is great advice if you assume that there are many "right life partners", all about equally good matches, and that discarding any single one of them isn't disastrous. (I happen to basically agree with that assumption, but it's important to note it and ask if OP intellectually believes in that same philosophy.) For my account, I had a tremendously important and drama-filled relationship in my late 20s/early 30s with an ex. I was dickish at times; she was at times; we couldn't make it work. It was extremely painful on both sides, and to this day I wonder how we could have managed the situation better. We're both now in our new "final" committed relationships and extremely happy with the outcomes, but I wonder what would have happened if I didn't follow time_management's advice above (or perhaps, if I'd followed it more precisely; the middle ground is worse than either extreme). We might have ended up together, and I can't figure that we'd be better off than we are now. But I also went through 4-5 years of hell between that breakup and finding my new relationship, so I don't know that the worst is over in 3 days is necessarily the case... Your points about getting outside, getting exercise, and not becoming a 24x7 hermit are absolutely spot-on. I wonder if selectable inertial separator would work on turbofans. (They are installed on single-engine PT-6 turboprops.) Imagine a system that requires air to make a sharp turn, but anything with significant mass (water, ice, birds) would pass through, or get ground up against something other fan blades. I couldn't find a good diagram online. You would want them to be selectable (engaged during low-altitude flight, stowed during cruise flight) so as to hopefully not unduly hurt range, other than via the increased weight. The problem though is that there are significant one-engine-out climb performance targets that must be met for Part 21 certification, and inertial separators have power penalties on top of the weight penalty. Taking performance away from a one-engine-out scenario would further restrict max take-off weights, increase balanced field lengths (meaning some airports would need to make improvements to serve some aircraft, etc), increase the time from roll to V1 (the takeoff commit speed) and at the end of the day, taking performance away may represent a higher risk than birds currently represent. In 700 hours or so of single-engine piston flight, I've struck two (small) birds, and had close calls with half-dozen more. I've never had a close call with a bird over 2000 feet AGL, so cruise flight could surely be done without brid protection. So does dunking a $60mm jet in the Hudson River. :) Hypothesize two airlines, one flying current airliners and the other flying airliners that are 0.5% safer and whose tickets are 5-10% more expensive. Who do you think gets all the business on competing routes? Filling even 5% more seats on average dramatically improves airlines P&L statements. I'm not saying it's rational, but big businesses have been built on the inability of the average person to do math. (Airport insurance kiosks, lotteries, pachinko parlors, or Las Vegas/Macao.) (I'm also not suggesting that there's an easy way to get that 1 in 200 improvement in safety, even at a 10% cost penalty, but if your airline gets a reputation for bad safety, you're all but done, even if you come up on the top of Expedia/Travelocity/ITA searches when sorted by price...) I am neither of Israeli nor Palestinian descent, but I have to agree that when a sovereign nation(+) is attacked, they have the right to retaliate in order to defend their nation. The risk of non-combatant casualties has to be considered, but does not have to be avoided at all costs, nor does the retaliation have to be strictly less deadly than the original attacks. The more Isreal can turn Gaza's inhabitants against Hamas, the better it is for Isreal. Honestly, if I was in Gaza and a non-combatant, you can bet that I'd be more likely to be anti-Hamas than anti-Isreal at this point. +- You can debate whether Isreal "should" be sovereign, but the fact of the matter is that they are, and are defending themselves against rocket attacks. 0.5% is 200 vs 201, not 20 vs 21 (that would be 5%). All an individual cares about is 1 vs 0 crashes-per-flight, not 200 vs 201 crashes per bajillion flights. So if I could buy a ticket on Qantas (0 fatalities in their entire jet era) or Aeroflot (31 in the last 19 years, including 2 unrelated on the same day from the same airport) for the same trip, I'll clearly take Qantas, even if the Qantas flight is 3x as expensive, as I assume most people would. But here's where humans don't do math well comes in. Even a tiny difference in actual safety is dramatically over-valued. "No child of mine is going to be subjected to an extra 0.5% risk just to see some big mouse in Florida! I'd sooner drive there than fly THAT airline!" And that is how airlines with a bad reputation for safety end up merging, getting bought, shutting down or simply changing names. And how people who can't rationally make decisions end up driving 800 miles to Disney instead of flying, because the risks of driving are much less visible to them. That's because you can make rational judgments about what's important to you, and have a feel for the insignificance of 0.5% delta in accident rate. (IOW, I agree with you, but I don't think that most airline ticket purchasers agree with either of us.) If you say to Joe Public "this airline is 0.5% more likely to have a crash than the one that's $50 less; which one do you want your family to fly?", I doubt many people can easily say "Oh, the cheaper one is preferable." They may arrive there after some agony, but to instinctively know that an extra 1 in 200 on something that's already 1 in 3 million or so is not economically justified on an EV basis. (You'd have to value your life at $30 billion dollars for there to be an EV equivalence between those two choices.) Nonetheless, I predict many more people would find ease in deciding to take "the safer, more expensive airline" than would find ease in taking "the less safe, but cheaper airline" for their family travel. You mean the Quick Stop? SE530 by any chance? That slide is bad-ass. And somehow I suspect the house is no longer connected to the 'net by just a single "T1 line, which allows connection to the Internet at lightning speed." My first step would be to ask Edward of PicWing for any advice he'd care to share, and to ask if their device runs arbitrary AIR code, if you could boot it from alternate media easily, or if you could use an emulator to get the software working on hardware you already have or can source easily. IOW, figure out if you can use some of what they know, and figure out if you can remove the hurdle of "how do I get a portable touch screen device working?" and make it more like "how do I get to the point where I can find out if I can even write what I want to write?" Maybe buy a tablet PC and use that to prototype, etc. Don't even remotely consider building your own hardware until you have something that demands you do that. Custom hardware is messy, gross, expensive, intolerant of mistakes, long lead time, etc. Figure out if the rest of your business "works" before you commit to your own custom hardware. (Oh, and with your background, you're going to hire out the EE part, or it's not going to get done. Trust me on that one.) From what I can tell, Spirit hasn't done one thing right in this whole situation for these passengers. Spirit cancelled their original flight, booked them on USAir. USAir is the carrier that employed the pilots and cabin crew that got everyone out, saved lives, etc. Spirit then said "That'll be $90 cancellation fee, please." ( Spirit has since gone back on the very last point.) That last point is merely the reversal of a wrong, which doesn't make it worthy of an "Atta boy, Spirit!" IMO. "If it flies, floats, or , it's cheaper to rent." Interview situation: "What do you want to do/what are you passionate about? What motivated you to apply to this job?" "It's not SAP, and I don't like doing SAP, so I was very happy to apply for any non-SAP job." Fail. (Keep reading please; there's some non-LOLcats level of discussion below) This is an industry where lots of non-traditional backgrounds can succeed. (My degree is in mechanical engineering; I haven't made enough from working as a Mech E to buy a cup of coffee.) I've worked with or currently have people on my team with non-technical degrees, college dropouts, and one that never finished high school. Assuming OP wants to code, the solution is not going back to school, but rather finding a job as a not-quite entry level non-SAP coder. But I know what we pay our SAP consultants, and in this economy, you're looking at a steep decline in take-home to go from 3-4 years SAP experience to entry-level coder in Foo language. That may very well be the more significant hurdle, esp if you've built a life around a relatively high level of income. In sharp agreement with azanar though, I think the best people I've worked with are generalists over time and specialists in the moment. I've had the luxury of working with a great team that's been (with additions and deletions to the group, and mergers/acquisitions/voluntary move to new startups) working a 4 different companies over the span of 12 years. Along the way, we've gone from Tcl and C++ on Solaris, through C++/COM/COM+/DCOM using DB2 and mainframe DBs, and now to an all MSFT .Net/MS-SQL (with a little MySQL at the edges) platform. None of us have had substantial issues moving from one platform to the next, so in that sense you could say we're generalists. But in each position, we spend 3-5 years deeply specializing and getting to know all the corners of the platform. Our sales pitch applying to the current place back in 2003 wasn't "We hate our current gig consulting and we're only here because Merrill Lynch has clicked on golden handcuffs that just unlocked. They want us to stay, we can't imagine having our souls crushed one more day, so please get us out!" All of that was true, but the focus wasn't on what CurrentCo could do for us, it was about what we could do for CurrentCo. 6 years later (with an IPO along the way), both sides are very happy about the situation! It depends on what your goal is. I'm a backend guy who runs an IT department for a top 100 e-commerce site in my day job. Knowing HTML/CSS doesn't do me any practical good there. For my side projects, I know just enough HTML/CSS to be dangerous. ( http://www.almamatersports.com is all programmed by me in a couple hundred hours this year, but has obvious visual bugs on several different browsers, some layout issues, etc, but that didn't stop it from pleasing the guy paying the bills.) For those kinds of things, knowing more at the start of the project would have saved me tons of time and gotten a better looking end result, but wouldn't have changed the clients satisfaction all that much. Then again, the gameplay is so much better this year than last for him that it's not a fair comparison, since for most sites that level of visual bugs would be unacceptable. When I think about my day job (which is what really pays the bills), in my experience it's much harder to find top-notch back-end developers than it is to find top-notch front end guys. Yes, the very cream of both crops is hard to find, but there's a much larger number of A players in the front-end space, so I'd recommend concentrating and developing your skills on the back-end and just getting a (relatively) tiny bit of exposure to front-end development issues and hiring that expertise out. This headline is equally apropos now and 2 years ago, and 4 years ago, and... It's clear from reading Carmack's sentence that he means affect (alter/disturb, in this case negatively so), not the verb form of effect/to cause. (Not that that justifies a grammar flame on HN, but it was at least an accurate flame.) What do you think the user tolerance for paying to host large images would be? Obviously bandwidth and storage cost money, and if a site is to allow 4x larger photos (driving 4x larger costs), the site needs to make 4x more money somehow. Page views and ads and referral arrangements to photo printers aren't going to automatically scale with photo sizes for a free site. Two stick out: 1. Answering questions fairly literally. a. "Did you like the salad?" "No, I did not." b. "Would you like to go to the fine art museum with me and 4 of my friends on Friday night?" "No, I would not like that." c. Note that I can escape from this pattern only when it's extremely obvious the truthful answer is a bad one. "Do these jeans make my ass look fat?" "I don't think it's the jeans..." I can avoid those at least... 2. Intentionally filtering out mundane trivia from my brain. "Do you know so-and-so's phone number?" "No, but it's in my phone." "When you left this morning, did you notice if my black gloves were on the counter?" "I would never notice them unless they were on fire or something..." I realize that 4x increase in pixels doesn't mean 4x increase in the file size, but I was discussing in terms of filesize. Unless you have absolutely insanely higher metadata stored per image than we do, your metadata probably amounts to under 2.5% of the image data for hypothesized 2MB files, so maybe 2.05 goes to 10.05 which is basically still a 400% increase. Part of the metadata is on fast (DB) disk, so your costs don't scale absolutely linearly, but bulk cold disk is still scaling up 4x. To a large extent, I have worked through it for our application (I run IT for a top 100 e-commerce site that does a very substantial amount of uploads in the holiday season; we choose to self-host several dozen TB and have an emergency overflow possibility out to S3 if we fill up our in-house storage). I can't see how storage costs are meaningfully sub-linear, and bandwidth costs can be due to bulk pricing, but are still first-approximation linear with upload size. (You might argue that you can use 95/5 pricing to work around that by forcing users to schedule their uploads for an off-peak time, but then you could do that in the base case as well.) I would love to hear more about your surprises in the model, either on HN or privately, as this represents a substantial portion of my budget, and if I'm missing something, I'm not too proud to change course. :) Why do I work so hard? Because I friggin' love my job! While there are parts of it that suck (like any job), on balance it's so completely enjoyable that I have a hard time relating to people for whom work is a grind. OK Thanks. Couple comments: Our bulk storage disk sees very little in the way of IOPS-requested. (An entire Gbps pipe couldn't fill the IO capacity of 4U of the 1TB SATA drives we use for bulk upload storage, and we have way more than that. ;) ) DB and hosts disks are another story entirely, and I have to admit that we don't really account for all those costs as "upload related" (by and large, they are not upload-driven) so we have some model inaccuracy there as well, but for every 2MB file we have on SATA, we probably have 20-40K in thumbnails on faster disk and well under 1K in fairly narrow, and not heavily indexed DB rows on 2 tables. As for listening to a bozo on website...well, HN is by and large not bozo-filled, it was pretty clear you weren't one, had given some thought to this problem, and I'm more than ready to admit when I'm potentially able to learn from someone else something that might save me/my company money. It does sound like your app has substantial sub-linear cost components, and I admit ours has some smaller ones as well but that we just don't model them tightly enough to see those components. Thanks for the info, and I wish you the best in your endeavor(s). I don't use mint (long-time Quicken user), but it wouldn't surprise me at all if many married users of mint are couples or entire families. Nor would it surprise me for the average mint user to be in their late 30s, with fairly little representation among the just entering the workforce crowd. Yes, that might introduce biases in their data that don't reflect with high fidelity the entire breadth of consumer actions, but even slightly imperfect data that's internally consistent can be quite valuable. > And, what are the odds that your team is as good as Amazon's? S3 was down unscheduled more in 2008 than we were. (I only know about their major published widely outages, and know about all of ours that lasted more than 15 seconds.) I realize that's not a perfect indicator, maybe it was an especially bad year for S3/good year for us, nor is their app apples-to-apples against ours, but one of the primary reasons we CAN'T afford to go even to S3 for "cheap" file storage is that it represents a serial reliability problem: both "them" and "us" have to be up for us to make money. When we price it out, the 3-year fully burdened cost of our in-house storage vs S3 pricing is about a wash. (It's 5-10% in favor of in-house, but I'm sure we're not perfectly fairly accounting for all the tiny costs [someone has to file purchase orders, do shipping/receiving, calculate depreciation and file tickets to let EMC techs into our DCs to replace failed drives, etc, etc] in our model, but that is after accounting for the IT team dedicated to storage and the on-call rotation portion allocated to storage.) If we were a lot smaller, it would be a no-brainer to try to use cloud services where it made sense, but as Tom said and anamax clarified, once you're at scale and have access to good IT staff in-house, the cloud offerings are not particularly compelling cost-savings measures. (Edit: I should perhaps clarify. We do use S3 now, in production, for one of our offerings that is not core to our business, and one for which an arbitrary 8 hours of downtime would not present a problem. We also built two years ago the ability to overflow our bulk/cold image uploads to S3 if we run out of space on our in-house storage. Here again, if we suddenly find ourselves having substantial unforecast demand, it's better to go out to a third party than to turn customers away because the disk is full. 99.90% is >>> 0.00%. :) ) Oh man, this is going to kill a good bit of my Sunday morning... (Thanks!) Using gas to heat water in instant/tankless fashion most certainly works just fine. There are off-the-shelf units that can deliver over 5 gallons per minute at 75*F temperature rise. Honestly, I'm not sure it's worth your time and effort to try to engineer a turnaround of "Big Dumb Company" from the lower runks of the inside. The chance of success (meaning a full transformation to "Not So Dumb Corp") is so unlikely and life is way too short for that. I suspect parent meant "priced too high" which you are just thinking of as "market dried up". Here's an example: I'll give you, sight unseen, $1 for each of them (US or CA, your choice). You don't want to take it? Of course not, because the price you want for it (your ask) is higher than my bid, and my bid is probably not even the best bid (someone who has seen it will almost certainly offer you $2). "market dried up" is a shorthand for "the inside bid is fairly low", which is basically what noonespecial said and you disagreed with. We're seriously considering putting them in developer desktops, but are waiting to test the ioXtreme (a slightly downmarket product from the same company). 2 grand to dramatically improve developer productivity isn't that big a deal (the other top contender is 1 or 2 X25-Es, so the upcharge is at/under 2K) I think that's wrong on two accounts: 1. True corporate debt dies when the company dies, just as personal debt dies with the person. If someone has signed a personal guarantee on "corporate" debt, that's not the case, of course, but in that event, the shareholders of the company are not obligated to dip into their pocket to satisfy what amounts to personal debt of someone else. 2. If 90% of the shares remain with the company as treasury shares and you and I, as co-founders, each has 5% of the company vested, then our 5% stakes ALSO have a beneficial interest in the proportional share of the treasury shares. In a valueless company, of course that's irrelevant. > All advertising email is spam, "solicited" is just a weasel-word to sugar coat... Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Everyone is not entitled to their own facts (in this case, definition). Even the hyper-vigilant about as far as you can be in that direction SpamHaus, disagrees with you and accepts the common definition that solicited email is, by definition, not spam. You may consider all advertising email to be spam, just as you may consider all four legged mammals to be dogs. Doesn't make it so. In a stable and good relationship, my work is dramatically better in quality, even if the quantity of hours spent on work is slightly lower than when I'm single and not bothering to "chase". During past bad relationships, or phases when I was "racking up a number", my work was definitely impaired. How did I prevent it? I suppose I didn't, but I mostly just worried about being a decent human being to people I know, and not sweating whether casual sweating was immoral. Side note: once you get to about 30, I don't think anyone talks in terms of your number, and your ability to find a "quality woman" (itself an error-prone reduction of many dimensions to one) will not be changed by even a few score of scores. I sense that your philosophy may lean towards the Christian from your finding consensual casual sex immoral, so your fitness function for quality woman might be way different from mine, and the women who rate highly over that function might actually care about your "number". IMO, if you're still single at 30, no one ought to shocked that your number is well into double digits. Can you actually get muriatic acid at "any hardware store" nowadays? I'm 0 for 4 on 3 Home Depots and 1 Lowes in eastern MA. because we recognize important copyrights on small snippets of things all the time, such as advertising slogans I believe that what we're recognizing in the case of advertising slogans is trademark, not copyright. If I'm writing on the topic of advertising, I can perfectly well say "I believe that the new slogan, 'Snickers really satisfies!' may well be the dumbest slogan I've ever heard." without any copyright concern. At the same time, I couldn't sell a candybar with the slogan "Foonuts really satisfies" due to trademark law, not copyright law. it incentivizes him to hire less talented people This seems spectacularly unlikely given Joel's other writing and the fact that he's running a profitable company, the profits of which substantially depend on the quality of staff he hires. Saving 1% of payroll and giving up any substantial "edge" in development is a bad trade, and regardless of your opinion of Joel, I suspect he's smart enough to know that. All the same pathologies seem to remain intact in this system. All of those same pathologies sound to me like pathologies with the people not the system, and the solution is to just recognize that people who can navigate themselves around small obstacles are actually more valuable. People who complain at year-end about why they couldn't acheive their maximum potential need to be steered into a mindset where next time they find a speedbump to drive over or around it, not to stop and complain about the uneven pavement. This dust-up over payday loans seems to me to be largely the same issue as low-wage garment work overseas. You might think "Boy, I hope I never get into a financial situation where taking out a payday loan is my best option!" And I'd agree with you 100%. When you extend that thinking to "Boy, if I were ever in such a dire situation, I wish that someone would take my best option [which we just agreed above was a payday loan] completely off the table such that I'd have to choose some even worse option than that!" is where you've departed from what I consider rational, logical thinking. If a payday loan is the best option for some overall disadvantaged consumers, why would one want to outlaw their best option, leaving them even more disadvantaged? I would rather not rely on "local leaders" (aka government) to do anything that private enterprise stands ready and willing to do. I'm sure people do use payday loans to go score weed to be happy and temporarily reduce the stress of their situation. IMO, they are better off for having that choice than not, and it's not my place or yours to force them to choose in way that we think is "more wise." If you're asking government to act as your agent to put limits on behavior for your own benefit, that seems rational. If you're asking government to act as your agent to put limits on behavior for my benefit, why not mind your own affairs and let me mind mine? I don't claim that all commerce is allowed. I do claim that government ideally gets its power from the people's consent, rather than the other way around. Because early in a high-growth company's life, speed and ease to market is vastly more important than IOPS, $/TB, TB/KVA, or many other measures that matter a lot when you're facebook's current size, and not much at all when you're facebook's size 5 years ago. Back in 2004, buying an appliance that plugs right in and works the way you understand (presenting a Posix filesystem over NFS) means they can get on with the Facebook-ness of Facebook. 20 hours of research and quoting, 2 hours to rack, network and power it up and you're in business. Once you're at 1/2 TB/day (I actually can't believe it's that low unless they're counting the final storage requirement, not what the users are initially sending them), the linear factor dominates the constant factor, and they can now "afford" the luxury of doing a design that's better in $/TB terms. Yes and no. The problem is the [lack of] specificity of the goal. You either did or did not release software on date X(+). To say whether you did or did not learn a language by date X is too fluid to be particularly helpful. If you did literally nothing, then you clearly failed; otherwise, it's all just shades of grey. + - One can argue whether or not you got "enough" features/tickets/bug-fixes into what you did release, but that's the beauty of regularly scheduled release "trains". If a feature misses one train, it just hops onto the next one, which is never very far behind. We do three-week cycles and have been the entire 6 years I've been here. When I first joined, I didn't see any way we could keep it up and argued against trying. Now, I can't imagine how our company would continue to run if we didn't have that 3-week heartbeat. (We are a IR top 100 e-tailer, over 200 technical staff, over a dozen "large" projects in flight at once, etc. Not every project goes with every release, but the entire site, fulfillment and support systems all go every 3, 4 weeks over Thanksgiving and Christmas/New Years.) Putting the money to work in a manner that builds companies and creates jobs has a different long-run effect than giving it to someone who will go buy a burger with it. In the short-run, consuming helps that same dollar get spent over and over. In the long-run, creating wealth and jobs is more valuable, IMO. When raising taxes drives capital to locales which are more capital-friendly (chiefly via lower taxes), then it inevitably takes job creation with it. Yes and no. That's just a way of getting around the advertising restrictions. You can advertise the hell out of pokerstars .net and be confident that your users will actually find you at pokerstars.com. (It's just a corollary to the ".net is way less valuable than .com, especially when spoken about offline" rule. No play money poker site could afford mainstream TV advertising otherwise...) So in your proposed solution, you're going to "push" the data to memcached, but rely on polling to get the data to the end user, right? If the problem is that your webserver doesn't handle large numbers of open quiescent connections well, then don't use that webserver. Clearly you're capable of writing the application that is pushing the data into memcached. Just have that same (type of) app push the data to the end consumer. Designing a naturally push app to be push-into-cache and then poll seems to be going the long way around. It may also set you up for a terrible scaling "elbow" where at some point with increasing load, you'll suddenly be polling for data that was just expired from memcached and you may have little warning that that's about to happen. Apple's worries about battery life and end-user experience are valid and no amount of tears from small developers is going to change them. They have to keep giving the consumer a good experience, which is ultimately what you/we as developers have to do. If that changes the economics slightly, so be it, but Apple is rightly concerned foremost about the buyers of iPhones, not the developers for them. a) It's hard to argue that the FMV is less than what the VC paid for it, though. b) ISO/NQSO's are income only when exercised, not when vested. When the stock price is expected to climb (such as when you can vest pre-IPO and you're pretty sure you will IPO), then it's wisest to exercise as soon as you vest to start the clock on long term CG holding period, but the key moment for the IRS is exercise, not vest. All of the above reflects only my understanding of US tax law from being a (non-founder) employee at 3 past startups with some kind of public exit (two acquisitions and one IPO). Let's be clear here. Weev didn't censor Amazon listings. If what Weev claims is true, the most you can say is that he helped trick Amazon into choosing, via automated means, to censor those titles. But ultimately, it was Amazon who took the action to remove the listings. (Unnecessary disclaimer: I'm a huge fan of Amazon, and hardly a week goes by that I don't buy something or other from them.) I'm going to take one last stab at this, and then let it go: But he didn't repaint the signs. At worst, he convinced a few other people to call up the DOT and say "That stop sign shouldn't be there, please change it to a 55 MPH speed limit sign." If the DOT then goes and changes the signs without appropriately verifying, then it's on them... I realize as programmers that we might think Weev's (purported) actions are directly responsible for the de-listing, but they aren't. It's ultimately Amazon's code that did the de-listing. I fell behind in filing by a couple of years back when I was doing a lot of daytrading, and because of the way the IRS gets its data feed of stock sales, but not associated cost basis, they were sending me bills for literally 7 figures of overdue taxes. (I'd done about $6mm of stock sales that year, naturally with a cost basis of somewhere pretty close to that $6mm.) They see $6mm in sales, treat it all as capital gains, compute the tax I owed on it (and obviously hadn't remitted), stacked up huge penalties and failure to timely file fees, etc. When I finally got around to filing the correct information (you have 3 years from the original due date of the return to file to claim a refund), they took the updated schedule D information, and cleared the account. In the 18+ months that they were sending me notices for over a million bucks, they never took any further action. So, I don't think it's a dollar threshold, but rather a time threshold at which point they start attaching wages, subjecting you to backup withholding, etc. Also, the stress totally isn't worth it. What percent of the top N (your pick of N and your choice of big-ness metric) websites do you suppose are using predominantly string-eval'd SQL? I don't think it's very many; I'd wager that most big shops are quite happily using SQL, using stored procedures, views, and parameterized queries far more often than using "jam SQL into an nvarchar and execute the resulting string". SQL may have its warts, but in the world of "I gotta get things done and not sweat data persistence", I think it's pretty wildly, successfully, and fairly universally used, almost like the cockroach of the data center. When I look out and think about what's going to kill our ability to take orders, scale to new levels of growth, or to have development be efficient at developing new features, SQL the language doesn't make my top 20, and probably doesn't even rise to the level of "all other receiving votes". MS-SQL the database engine probably does make my top 10, but that's only because we're continually chopping away at the items on that list. It does take us a while to train brand-new devs on how to write effective SQL, but it takes us time to train them on how to write C#, how to write good test cases, how to structure code for testability and write unit tests, etc. IOW, it's just one of a laundry list of needs, and a proposed alternative interface would also be something on that list to teach them. I think that headcount is a (n often) necessary evil in growing a business, but keeping everything else equal and increasing headcount alone actually makes your business less likely to be long-run great, IMO. Paying additional salaries and benefits and taking on additional management and coordination overhead are all losses/drags on the business, unless the added body brings in far more money than they cost. Yes, you often need them, but successful large companies often have a lot of people because they have a lot of revenue and profit, rather than having a lot of revenue and profit because they have a lot of people. I would say that teacher passion is even more important than skill, and both are significantly more important than class size. But student:teacher ratio is so easy to measure, compare and discuss that it becomes the de facto metric. Great hackers for the most part are not what you'd describe as humble. They're not arrogant pricks (necessarily), but they're appropriately proud of their skills. If you do find one that you'd describe as humble, it's vastly more likely that they're shy or just not that interested in bothering to open up to you. If you set that aside and just want great hackers, as an outsider, the best you're going to be able to do is to talk to the people you know, who know great coders who might be tied to their positions at Amazon or Microsoft, but those guys invariably know others who aren't yet handcuffed to the stock packages, are underwater on their options and don't yet have families and huge mortgages, etc. At the end of the day, it's about networking. You won't be able to personally judge precisely the technical abilities of a potential new hire; get tech experts to help you do that. (Side note: I've also done most of what you described, with the exception of starting a non-tech company. It's not all that uncommon or special, so at the same time you're downplaying your search for a humble tech partner, you might want to work on your own a bit so as to not come across as arrogant MBA prick to your potential tech partner. Coming across that way won't turn off the truly hungry, but it will turn off the truly great.) I see your point, but there have been hoards of VARs (which often miss the VA of their acronym) doing exactly that for years, and in many cases the companies are very comfortable with "their" VAR and Oracle trying to cut out that middleman step will not be undertaken lightly (by Oracle). It's called avoiding channel conflict. If I'm buying Oracle from VAR V1, it is in Oracle's best interest to ensure that V1 continues to sell me Oracle, even if it's Oracle on IBM, HP, EMC or other gear. If all of the sudden they stick a knife in V1's back, V1 will ensure that some substantial number of V1's new and where possible, existing, customers will seriously look at Oracle competitors. It's not the same as NewEgg competing against mWave by deciding to add computer cases to their product line to make them a one-stop shop. By all means Oracle may transition over to being a one-stop shop, but it's more likely in the short-term to work with their VARs rather than pit themselves against their resellers. $42 for basic cable? I have Comcast and pay -$2.09 (not a typo) for basic cable. I have internet from them (FiOS not in my town), and they give you $10 off internet if you also have a TV package. Their cheapest TV package is $7.91/month for "basic cable". Even if I never watched it, I'd buy it... In some limit cases, that's true, but I've literally heard the following two questions asked in the last week (one directly to me, one in the same room I was in; these are not FoF cases): What is SCOM? What is MRTG? In both cases, knowing nothing about the domain gets you exactly the answer you want. I think far more often than it doesn't, a relatively naive query to Google with a followup query or two with certain words excluded will get you what you need. First of all, I should disclaim that I love cars, own 5 of them (only 3 are registered/insured at the moment), so feel free to view my comments through that lens. I believe that the car allows workers a significant freedom to choose employers not based on which ones are within a few miles bike ride or a few line changes of subway, but rather within an acceptable driving radius. And for many people, myself included, acceptable commuting time in my own car, with my own radio and peace/quiet is far longer than what I'd accept on the green line subway in Boston, or waiting in the rain/snow/slush for a bus. This freedom radius is particularly important when you consider that most (American anyway) families have at least two incomes, so I must choose to live where I can get to my employment and my wife to hers. With cars, at least in America, that opens up a much wider range of options than if we could only look at jobs on the subway. As it stands, we chose to live in Cambridge (a "city suburb" of Boston); I drive; she takes the T. Either one of us could easily change jobs to literally dozens of different employers without having to move houses or change fields. There's significant value there. Naturally, had American cities evolved differently, that might also be true just by us living on a better-than-current-reality subway system, as most desirable employers would also have located near subway stops, because that would be a competitive advantage. As it stands now, companies needing white collar talent intentionally locate where there is parking and good access to ring highways, for that is a competitive advantage. The network effects to overcome to make car-free living are daunting, and just because you can find a few thousand people with lifestyles perhaps overly suited to car-free living in planned communities does not mean that those communities are scalable. There's basically no labor component to slots (there's some maintenance I'm sure), making slots far more profitable on a $ take per square foot basis. This is anecdotal, but I've never seen a casino tear out slots to put in table games (on a net square foot basis), but plenty of casinos in CT and NV have removed table games to add slots (frustrating as a poker player). Because updatedb isn't inherently useless, but rather that file system caching (especially for pages read once) shouldn't eject application pages from RAM to disk. Being able to run locate and have it quickly return an accurate result is useful at times. I just don't want it paging my entire session out to disk every night in order to do that. If you eliminate performance reviews altogether, and issues rewards as team rewards, why would top performers (the ones who might regularly bank 7-15% raises instead of 2-4% raises) stay with your company for the rock-steady, everyone-gets-5% return, when they can go somewhere else and make meaningfully more money? It seems that the socialist (not tarring, just naming) approach to granting team raises is a powerful attraction to low performers. In a small startup, with relatively little money to throw around, it probably doesn't matter and eliminating them may actually be a net win. Once the company reaches the 500+ person mark, failing to recognize ($$) individual achievement just demotivates and chases away those who would be your stars. Specifically as it concerns drug turf or gang related violence, there are significant network effects at work. Another alternative is to permit salary ranges that are a factor of 2 wide, meaning you can literally pay your "best" people (itself a terribly loaded/complex term) twice what you pay the average qualified employee at that level. Yes, paying someone 10% more than their peer isn't enough to recognize excellence. Paying them double probably is in many cases. Hell, even 50% over makes a marked difference in quality of life and is going to be both noticeable and relatively harder to match. In my past experience, even at employers where everyone to the last employee was totally qualified, there was general consensus about who the top, distinguished cohort was, and to the extent that people were jealous or bitter, it centered around the fact that those people were better, not around the fact that they got paid more. Even if nothing in a mid-sized company is truly done by individuals, I know the handful of employees that would really hurt to lose and the buckets full where we would be perhaps genuinely sad to see them go and wish them well in their next endeavor, but that I wouldn't lose much sleep over it. Survey 10 high-level managers, and the lists would line up pretty well I imagine. If that's the case in your org, and you aren't making damn sure that pay, within fairly BROAD bounds, isn't going to be a reason for the stars to walk, you're doing it wrong IMO. Why not try it? (Perhaps choose different phrasing than "sucks") I think a lot of people spend time agonizing over "Well, sure I'd like for exactly this to happen, but I'm a special case and other normal people people wouldn't like that!" Statistically speaking, you are far more likely to be in the general case than a special case outlier. (Reading HN notwithstanding.) Everyone giving everyone else credit for something is a good culture. Everyone giving everyone else credit for any individual thing or for everything is not a good culture. The first means that everyone at the company is being acknowledged as contributing, which usually means that they are in fact contributing. If I'm the "tech guy" and I can't give credit to the business or marketing or finance guy because deep down I don't respect what they do or think that it's my contributions that are making the startup go, then we're in for a bumpy road. And presumably you want that for only first marriages. Unfortunate? Perhaps. Unlucky? No. Sure it could get "out into space", but in order to be useful, it has to get "out into space AND pointed at a satellite" which is a substantially harder problem especially in any upset or unusual attitude. Not particularly a technical limitation, but a practical one: Unfortunately, if your web site is intended to reach the masses, many of whom sit behind restrictive firewalls that only proxy 80 and 443 for web traffic, you need to be on ports 80 and 443. _Ignore_ any change in the prices of houses! It has no bearing on the decision. It most certainly does. Suppose you bought a 500K house now that you could rent for $3K per month. Paying $5000 in taxes (about what you'd pay in MA) means you should buy. A year from now, don't you think whether that house is worth $600K or $400K has a big driving factor on whether you should have bought or rented? Nonsense. Squawk 1200, and once airborne, you're free to use the radios. The point about not using the radio on the ground was to ensure that you could actually get the craft off the ground without the current owners or FBO knowing what you were up to. The entire article appeared to be presuming that ATC was only concerned with "safe, orderly and expeditious" flow of air traffic and not with murky ownership of the aircraft. In my (non-repo man) experience, that is all that ATC cares about. ATC won't care about #3 ever. If you're not in class B, ATC won't care about #2. Jets are allowed to fly VFR, too; they just don't very often. In class B, you can get your clearance by cell phone, and start using the radios once you get to the movement area (or at a non-primary class B airport, when taking the active). A job that you got via connections who know and trust your technical ability is an earned job. Do you feel like either of these are true: 1. You are currently barred by the state from doing this. 2. Your negotiating power as an individual is greater than that of the private insurance companies who are already doing this? You can complain all you like about the cost of healthcare, but I think it's economics not legislation that is preventing you from getting a better rate. But repeat business is harder to come by. An interesting not exactly Freudian typo there. It is worrisome the first time you're implicated in a highly visible or expensive problem. We address this partially in on-boarding where we are very clear that our version of this process exists, that we take it very seriously, that we post-mortem every significant issue, but that throughout the process, we are only interested in solving, minimizing, or preventing future problems, not in hand-wringing or otherwise crying over milk already spilt. Then after that introduction, the chances are great that before it's your turn to be the cause of a big issue, that you've seen the process work several times, seen that experienced, well-regarded senior staffers also make mistakes and they just face up to the process with transparency and without fear and that nothing bad comes of it for them, and that the company gets better by developing a sort of immune response to chronic or substantial issues. Is that another way of saying "you have to build the right corporate culture"? Perhaps, but it at least gives some of the recipe we followed in this specific case. Private pilot and car nut here. I am having a hard time coming up with a scenario where I'd want a flying car (or roadable aircraft). I hate to be a Debby Downer, but: Every pound matters in a light airplane. Why would I want to saddle the flying portion of my trip with all the weight from the safety features designed to protect me on the road or meet federal crash standards, etc? All that weight means more drag, which means lower performance (of at least one of the speed, climb, range, runway required, and/or fuel efficiency variety) Every pound also matters differently when dealing with the road portion of that vehicle's life. How much mass and engineered passive safety features do I need to protect me from yuppies holding a phone in one hand, a latte in the other and driving with their knees? What happens when a minor fender-bender 600 miles from home means I can't fly home? My plane (a light, slow single engine Cessna 182) can already beat the airline's time door-to-door from my house in Cambridge to most destinations east of the Mississippi and north of Myrtle Beach. (It can't touch them on cost on most routes, but neither will the Transition...) Is a roadable car going to shave any time off that? To do so, it would have to be faster in flight, take less time to unfold the wings than it does to pack my airplane, or take less time to secure the wings than it does to hop in a rental car which usually meets me right on the ramp. Need fuel? Call the airport and it'll be fueled and ready for you. Need minor maintenance or even the annual inspection? Pick up the phone, tell them what you need and when you need it. No need to arrange a ride to the airport to drop off and then another to pick-up your roadable aircraft. Then there's the matter of cost: My airplane cost me well under $70K. All my cars together over a lifetime, including 2 classic Mustangs, haven't cost more than $60K total. Add in a $40K hangar at the airport and my total cost for 5 cars, an airplane, and a hangar is still under what the Transition costs. (Yes, there's new vs used pricing mixed in there. That's an accurate reflection of what the Transition is up against though: the capabilities and market for used and new aircraft and cars.) I just can't see it happening as a significant economic win. I'm sure the Terrafugia guys can make it happen technically, just as Eclipse did with their "million dollar" jet. Did you really expect the document standard to be 10 (or even 100) pages long and trivial to implement? How long is the full spec for HTML, or PDF? Are either of those "trivial" to implement? Both of those formats are, IMNSHO, inherently simpler than the sum total of complexity of all the Office document formats. (Even if you just include Word and Excel) Microsoft can't win here. Either they document the simple middle-of-the-road, 90% of Word docs conform, case, and get skewered for not being open enough. Or they release the full spec and get skewered for "Wow, writing a competitor to the most common word processing and spreadsheet application is actually harder than creating hotornot or million-dollar-homepage." The file formats for other competing formats (like say, .txt or .csv) are also very simple. They also don't fully interoperate with Word or Excel. Speaking as someone who's had several good jobs in the past, and abso-fricking-lutely love the one I have now: If you have to read an article hoping it will help you decide if you have a good job, save your time: you don't. The point was they have to be profit-seeking businesses not just hobby tax dodges. If I spend $10K on improvements to my daily driver classic Mustangs, I shouldn't be able to deduct those expenses. If I was a business engaged in restoring them for re-sale, then those expenses should be deductible. Grandparent's point was if husband makes a ton of money at his day job, that his wife shouldn't be able to call their hobbies of sailboating or horses or their vacation house that they rent out to friends one weekend a year as "businesses" that lose money and as a result make those expenses payable with untaxed income. Slightly off the topic of the original article, but imagine an Ikea store with a "print behind the counter" making semi-custom furniture by CNC milling/routing the MDF/OSB components and using existing tech to make the camlocks, screws, pins, etc. That doesn't require any new tech at all, just for the capital equipment to become cheap enough (or the utilization high enough) to justify doing the manufacture at the store instead of at a centralized plant. > Cellphones don't cost $15k per village, nor do they require training to use special computer programs, or a constant supply of raw materials. Really? How much does a cell tower, a reliable power supply for same, etc cost? For widely spaced villages, I'd certainly think this cost would be well over $15K per village. Hell, I can't put a 50K sq ft office building size, cell phone repeater system in for $15K. (I'd expect widely spaced villages would be the common case in areas where cell deployment is cheaper than copper lines.) Stop reading them and you'll get hours of your life back with certainty. Exactly. I bought both my classic Mustangs on Ebay. In both cases, I got the online description and photos, asked the sellers for additional information before bidding. I probably went through some part of this process on over 2 dozen cars, and bid on 5-6 of them Then in each case, at the close of the auction I basically said "So long as the car basically meets the description as you laid out, you're getting paid, but before you get paid, I'm verifying the basics." In one case I flew down to get it and paid actual cash. In the other case (much farther away), I had a car club buddy go check it out for basic conformance (title/VIN match, runs/drives, rust no worse than described, etc) at which point I wired the money, my buddy took the title, and I arranged the car transport pickup. One of my cars is as-good/better than was described all around. One of them had a moderate issue which I chalk up to "well, I still got a smoking deal on it, it's fixed now, and knowing everything, I'd still have done the deal, so..." If you know what you're doing, and want a (relatively) rare particular car, and don't have Barrett-Jackson type money, Ebay's a great place to buy cars. tl; wrnw. (too long; will read next week) I would think on any given night that most people without alcohol problems would prefer 1 pint of beer at a pub to 5 bottles at home. Same for a lunch out with friends vs 2-3 dinners home alone. Your theory is obviously sound, but many times the "more expensive" (on a dollar per unit basis) item is even more valuable (on a hedon* per dollar basis) * - hedon: made up unit of enjoyment Imagine you bought a million dollar house, with nothing down (for simplicity's sake). It's now worth $900K and you're considering walking away. What if the bank took 15% ownership of your house, in exchange for reducing the principal balance to $800K? You'd pay less on your mortgage (balance of $800K instead of $1000K), and while you'd be slightly upside-down (you'd owe $800K on $765K worth of house), you're still much closer than when you were $100K in the hole. (Plus, you don't have the PITA, stigma and credit rating destruction of getting foreclosed on.) Fast forward a few years and you can sell the house for $950K and decide to do so. You get $807K, the bank gets $142K (compensating them partially for forgiving $200K of your original balance in exchange for the 15%). In almost all cases, that delayed $58K loss is better than an immediate $250K loss from foreclosing and selling for $750K or so. That's but one way to accomplish the debt-to-equity exchange. 6% housing appreciation in a few years is FAR from another housing boom. In fact, it's under most estimates of inflation. And with the way we're printing money over here, I think inflation is far more likely to increase than decrease. I don't think that this is necessarily a "great idea" but I was just trying to explain how the bank can get "equity" (a share of ownership) from a homeowner who is underwater in their current mortgage. > If it's under inflation, this equity deal is a bad one for the bank. The bank is already in a tough spot. They're $100K+ in the hole in a foreclosure situation, so going a lesser amount in the hole is an improvement in their situation. You cannot compare to the "don't make the original mortgage loan case" and say that because they're "giving away" $65K in value that it's the worst of their available options. > No - you were claiming that this sort of deal made sense for a bank. Please show me the text that makes that claim. (I happen to think that it does, but I don't believe I actually made that claim.) > And, there are many deals that a bank can do, so inventing one isn't actually all that interesting. > The relevant deals are profitable. There are many. OK, please propose maybe two alternate deal structures under the above facts/circumstances that are materially different and better for the bank. (Saying they'll take 18% equity for otherwise the same loan mod is not materially different IMO, even though it's obviously better for the bank.) Ideally your proposed deals would have a chance in hell of the bank offering and the borrower accepting. > And, you still haven't addressed the real problem, that the vast majority of these folks can't afford an $800K loan either. The fact that people who once got a million dollar mortgage and now can't afford an $800K mortgage is not my problem to address. I didn't loan them the money, and unless they're in my neighborhood, it's such a vanishingly small part of my damn business or concern that I'll choose to spend time on things that do matter to me or that I can influence. If the bank lent to someone who couldn't possibly repay on the day they took the loan, that person needs to get foreclosed on, the bank needs to take the losses and look at its underwriting standards, and the borrower should have their credit rating dinged for their own irresponsibility. If a job loss or income change prompts the foreclosure, then I feel more sympathetic to both the lender and borrower, but some portion of loans are going to go bad, and in the "less than 20% down" loans, the bank was knowingly taking larger risks, so I don't feel too bad about their larger losses. The borrower in this case has still made and failed to keep a commitment, which speaks to creditworthiness, so again the credit downgrade is fair/appropriate, even if it seems like "piling on". For people who could afford an $800K mortgage (and many of them could afford to keep current on their $1mm mortgage), but there are some who would choose not to because their mortgage is non-recourse and they're far enough underwater on the house that it's literally in their best financial interest to walk away. Those people are the ones for whom a loan mod could make more sense to both sides than a bank foreclosure. >> Not a problem. High gasoline prices are good for the environment. > Only if people change their driving habits accordingly, and I know very few people who have actually altered their lifestyle That sounds then like gas prices aren't high enough to drive the behavior change to the extent needed. $4 a gallon gas changed some habits. $10 a gallon would drive even further behavior change. If they can't afford to get about with a doubling or tripling of gas price, they probably wouldn't be able to afford to move to the city center either. A square foot of housing in the city center is much higher priced than a square foot in a rural area. Ditto (but to an even greater extent) for land prices. Doubling/tripling the price of gas still wouldn't make it advantageous cost-wise to move from a 3000 sq ft/280 sq meters residence in the countryside to that same square footage in the city, at least not in Cambridge/Boston from say a rural or suburban area on 128 (the ring road). (And this would be even more pronounced once energy tax policy made city property more valuable than rural property.) To whatever extent that I am after change, I'm after change that taxes energy consumption with the aim to discourage wasteful or "frivolous" use of energy. One or two people living in a 5000 sq ft McMansion? Wasteful, IMO. They shouldn't be barred from doing it, but I don't mind if their energy is taxed to discourage it. Same with my cars, airplane, or 2400 sq ft house for the 3 of us. I think that economic [dis]incentive and personal choices given that landscape is the most fair means to allow people to decide what's important to them and act accordingly. Should we ban cars older than 5 years, or 10 years from now ban non-electrics, or mandate that you can only have 600 sq ft + 400 sq ft/person, mandate thermostat settings, insulation retrofits to existing buildings, etc? Absolutely not; just adjust the energy rates until you get approximately the macro effect you want, and people will make choices within that framework. For the record, I'm not strongly advocating that we should triple energy cost via taxation, merely observing that small behavior changes came about from $4 a gallon gas, and that larger changes would come from $10/gal pricing. On that point, I strongly suspect you and I agree. I think your division into two camps is missing the largest cohort of math students by far: those who are taking math because it is required as a checkbox item on a "before you get your degree , you must have passed at least this much math classes". "Will this be on the test?" is a far more common query in my experience than "Could you show me some additional math so that I may better understand the universe and world that I live in?" I still vividly remember an "Aha!" moment in AP Calc in high-school where a problem was stated as (paraphrasing very roughly): Suppose a spherical snowball melts according to the formula: dV/dt = K * pi * r^2 What is the shape of r plotted vs t for a snowball with initial radius of R1? It was astounding to me at first that it was linear, and then when I thought it through and realized that one might naturally expect it to be linear (in real life), and that the change in volume per unit time to accomplish that MUST be proportional to the surface area just snapped into focus all at once. It's so vivid, I can recall what the room looked like, where that problem was on the page, and what desk I was sitting at 23 years ago. This from someone who can't remember what I went upstairs to get just 23 seconds earlier. Both parents were high school math teachers, and they lamented even back then that the focus of high school education was much more about teaching the minimums to pass the exams and frankly, babysitting students than it was instilling a lifelong love of learning or deep understanding of the subject matter. Famous quote from a math teacher at my high-school (neither of my parents :)): "The square root of two is an irrational number because it says so on page 169." The pairwise interactions over time aren't all that relevant. 20 years later, you have the field of all single women in their 30s/40s, not just the ones who snubbed you two decades earlier. Log files are also generally sequential access, so spinning disks work just fine (and are much cheaper) for that use case. How are employees left holding the bag here exactly? Employees with shares, options or RSUs of Zappos private stock now have the same on a publicly traded stock. There may be a holding period for them as well, but every time that I've been an employee at a company that's gone public or been bought by a public company (1 of the first and 2 of the second), the only bags I've been left holding were full of $$. I'm curious what would make someone an open-source developer if ~"writing code and making it freely available to people"~ is not the chief qualification. Nothing in the original argument of the bad effects of minimum wage required that an employee be paid their true worth. The comment you first quote merely presumes that an employer will not pay MORE than what an employee is worth, and all of your "the employer has more information and power" arguing is supporting, not refuting, the original claim. If you agree (as I do) that the sooner a population "gets over it" and starts looking forward rather than back to improve their situation, the better it is for them, then suggesting that they "get over it" is good prescriptive advice. The longer that a community keeps bringing up the past as a "reminder of what you did to us", the longer those after-effects persist. Nevermind that in almost every cse, the "you" isn't the one that did those things, and that the "us" wasn't the one to whom those things were done. (Where it is, by all means avail yourself of the remedies available in the legal system.) Do you feel that scientists have made an adequate recovery from the persecution (and in instances, executions) of the past? Do you think that Christians have made an adequate recovery to a position of at least equality with the Romans? I acknowledge that terrible, unconscionable things have been done to different groups of people by other different groups of people over time. We can concentrate our efforts on forcing atonement and punishment for the past acts of others who look like us, or we can shrug all that shit off and say "today and tomorrow are new days; let's make them the best days we can." Some people will choose the former and some the latter strategy. On balance, those who choose the latter strategy will be more successful and happier, whether they are members of the previously "superior" or "persecuted" population. I have a hard time figuring out how an individual healthcare consumer would have any rational reason to "monitor and control their own costs"? If I'm sick, I want to be made better. If I have cancer, I want it cured, etc. There's no point at which the average person with a reasonable prognosis for even 1 more year of life says "gee, that sounds expensive, perhaps I should just die instead, so as to control my own cost to society [or my insurance company]." Suppose today that someone has skills that provide "utility gained by the [prospective] employer" (what I'd call "true worth") of $4 per hour (and it's not for a restaurant position). Is that person, today, able to get a job paying that $4/hour? No, they aren't, at least not legally. Why is that? Because the minimum wage law takes that option away from them, increasing unemployment and increasing the underground, untaxed, unregulated, no worker protection or benefits economy. I am perfectly able to find people today who cannot find a job, who are neither psych nor substance impaired. Convenienently, you say that temporary unemployment during the economic downswing "doesn't count, obviously." I am more inclined to find that statement disingenious rather than obvious. When times are tough, one would expect that wages might come down. When the natural market wage would be lower than the minimum wage, some of those jobs will naturally vanish. How is that to the advantage of a job-seeker? > If a particular person is deemed too much of a risk to lend to then they should not be lent money. How is it a better idea to lend them money at a higher interest rate? That's the point of altering the interest rate: in many cases, it alters the outcome from "too risky [to be profitable]" to "profitable [based on modelling/predicted likelihood of payback]" Imagine that a debtor borrowing $100 has a probability of paying back that $100 of p. If p is exactly 1 (for practical purposes), then the lender only needs to ask for nominal interest over whatever would be equivalent the "risk-free" T-bill rate. If p is exactly 0.99, then they need to ask for some greater amount, perhaps roughly an additional 1% margin (somewhat higher in practice to offset the administrative work). Surely you would agree that banks should be allowed to extend people credit cards at a 5% interest rate, right? Now make p = 0.95. Now a bank needs to ask at least 6% over the T-bill rate, but you're very likely still OK with them requiring 10% interest on credit cards. Now make p = 0.90. Now a bank needs to ask at least 11% over the T-bill rate, but you're probably still OK with them requiring 16% interest on credit cards. If you're on board so far, by this point (in fact, in the step from 1.00 to 0.99 does the same thing, but it's just much more obvious now), you've agreed that different people can be charged different amounts, and if someone is deemed "too much of a risk to lend to at 5%", it logically follows that it is not the only solution to not lend, but rather for some borrowers to increase the interest rate until it is again profitable. (It's only as p approaches 0 that debtors become unprofitable at any rate.) A substantial part of why foreign flagged merchant vessels get easy access to ports is that they are "known" to not be armed. We wouldn't let a warship steam into Boston Harbor. Same country's oil tanker or cargo ship? Come on in. It shouldn't be any surprise that demanding physical labor jobs do in fact naturally pay more than minimum wage. Lots of people have physical limitations that prevent them from lugging sacks of concrete, yet they need and can afford things built with concrete. If minimum wage is totally moot as you argue, what is the downside to abolishing it? It does not require someone to be consisently un or under employed over a number of years to prove that minimum wage laws contribute to unemployment. Being out of work for 6-12 months, but willing and unable by minimum wage law to work for $5 an hour to put food on your family's table, would be a substantial and avoidable hardship. Fortunately, in the real world that doesn't actually happen much, because those enterprising hard-working people can find under-the-table paid-in-cash work. We do. Our [internal] wiki article on technical debt explicitly covers examples, guidance on when to intentionally take on debt, how to document and measure it, different "grades" of it, and how to plan to retire it. There are then per-application technical debt pages for specific details on our "portfolio" of debt. (We're also a fair bit larger than most startup dev teams, so having this level of formalism is more appropriate in our case than say just a whiteboard somewhere...) We (or at least I) also think of it as leverage. We also have a very strong 80/20 ethic, so we don't have particular qualms about using the leverage that this debt can provide. We don't do anything magical; there is no secret sauce, noe no spreadsheets with formulae or anything fancy; it's literally just a series of wiki articles and Jira tickets with issue type "Debt" so we can easily find the documented debt and make plans when/whether to retire it. So the concrete formal mechanism is "use your bug tracking system and flag them somehow so you can filter/search for them." I will add some additional links that our top-level debt page references as useful: http://chrissterling.gettingagile.com/2008/10/20/managing-so... http://enterprisearchitect.typepad.com/ea/2008/10/watch-your... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqeJFYwnkjE (Video: Ward Cunningham on technical debt) As a general rule, merchant marine vessels sailing under any flag are not armed. The US isn't "special" here. Naturally, US military vessels, including the Coast Guard, are armed. This is not a governmental restriction, but rather a commercial one. Nothing prevents a shipping company from saying "In order to take a job on my private ship, you are barred from bringing weapons on-board." Nothing prevents a country from saying "If your merchant vessel desires access to our ports, it shall not be armed." The combination of those two (effects, not necessarily codified policies or laws) means that merchant vessels aren't armed. They're in the numerator (those unemployed) AND in the denominator (all white men over 55 in the labor force), so that's not really double counting. Under pressure and "in a strange environment" are two different things. You could put interview candidates in SCUBA gear and take them down 5 fathoms to see how they'd do under pressure, but that's also completely unrelated to predicting their actual job performance. We don't ask trivia questions (what's the order of arguments to fputs, list all the overloads of foo in class bar) because knowing that (or anything else that's a 5 second lookup or context-sensitive help away) doesn't predict how someone will actually perform on the job. Can any of us code as effectively on a whiteboard as we could in our favorite editor? I'd expect not, and if you were equally able on a whiteboard as in an editor, I'd wager that it's because you're not particularly good at either. Set aside the whether or not you get paid for the week's trial period for a minute. How the hell does someone with a job arrange to take a week off to do this trial period for another company? Maybe it works for entry-level or the unemployed, but I don't think you'll find a lot of good senior developers who would be able to make this arrangement work. I've taken jobs entirely based on their interview process. "If I made it through that, and everyone else I'll be working with also did, I'm pumped to work with these people!" Same benefit would apply to the week long trial, but making it work logistically is difficult. On your last point, I think you're perhaps being a little greedy (not in a terrible way). Let's say your firm is worth $2mm now and you forsee it doubling and maintaining 100% growth rate next year, so it will be worth roughly $4mm. Even if it doubles several more times, you still don't have enough to launch a very ambitious future endeavor but all along you're risking a random decline in a huge, valuable, and concentrated asset. Assuming your goals include having a family and secure financial life for yourself and them, I would be inclined to start taking money off the table as soon as I could be taking it off in $250m to $500m chunks. Not to say you need to sell it all, or even a controlling interest, but having had experiences of deep 6-figure losses in my trading account (which is extremely liquid 12 hours of every day with very low slippage), I know that I'd sleep a lot better with $300-500m off the table, and then get back to work growing the remaining 75% of the company into your multi-million. I would seriously consider though still taking on your second big endeavor with outside investors. They have a way of keeping you honest and realistic, and if you can't convince outside investors, I wonder if it's prudent to wager your whole nut anyway. The two CDNs that I'm most familiar with (Akamai and Cotendo) do offer CDN/DSA services over SSL. I would imagine that the other big CDNs also offer SSL service. (Otherwise, how would they compete for e-commerce business?) We pay Akamai a non-trivial amount of money for SSL service, and they in fact host separate certificates for us (in addition to our origin servers hosting "our" own [different] certificates). If you could instantaneously eliminate all "tax haven locales" (by their decision to increase tax rates to say 25-30%), you would in fact make the US somewhat better off, and those tax haven locales dramatically worse off. That's more a sign that US tax policy is not competing effectively for company domiciles than it is to say that the tax havens have it wrong. Clearly, they are banking substantial tax money (at substantially lower rates) at the expense of higher tax jurisdictions. Before you get to the point of morphing the patent system into something they'd want to get rid, do you not think that they'll use their lobbying power to stop you from doing that? (It's not like you'll be able to "sneak up on them" with some stealthy sweeping patent system reform.) Re: A: I was talking only about the relative effects of a single change: eliminating all tax haven locales at once. The likelihood that exactly zero of those displaced companies would re-domicile and shift revenue to the US, SabOx404 notwithstanding, is basically zero. Re: B. You're absolutely right. I didn't think that all the way through to absolute effects. For me personally, it would certainly be negative, so I clearly blew it here. Upvoted. I understand the desire to stop message storms, but in my 5 minute use case, I hit that and perceived it as a limitation and it makes it probably not usable for me, as I already have a good monitoring/notification/paging system that I was trying yours out as an additional notification vector. (That might place me squarely out of your target market, in which case you should ignore this feedback. :) ) Let's say I already have an existing monitoring service that sends emails on network events. I might decide to hook in your service and send my network faults there. I get "port XX on switch YY link state down" and that gets routed through the system. One minute later I get "office of the CEO video conference network down" but pagerduty never sends that to my mobile device because I'm busy looking at the one port down alert. Yes, I realize there's a technical solution to create multiple pagerduty trigger email addresses, but at a minimum, I'd encourage you to be more clear about that feature/limitation. Overall comments: several UI elements were "not pretty" looking on IE7, and some of the call to action graphics "Create your first alert now" were bright yellow and rectangular yet not clickable. No deal-breakers, and I was certainly able to quickly get setup and trial alerts coming. Any more details on svn update being especially bad at killing your data forever? We've been using svn for 5.5 years now and I've never personally lost data with any of the available clients. (I can admit that svn revert does irretrievably destroy client-side changes, but that's what the command is designed to do, so...) When you run svn update and get a conflict on file foo.c, the contents of foo.c indeed have the conflict markers, but svn helpfully leaves you a file called foo.c.mine, which is your originally modified file. I'd hardly call that "gone forever". Most people will get the last question wrong. Humid air is less dense (dry air heavier) because water has a lower molecular weight than the average molecule of dry air. As the current high bidder (but knowing full well that I'll get outbid before the end anyway), I was also a little surprised by the fact that my "full" bid wasn't used but rather only the amount needed to beat the highest bid by a bid increment. That's exactly how ebay works, so I didn't find it all that shocking, but my honest expectation was that it would show my full bid. Anyway, I suspect there's a lot of returns coming in the next week (for all but one of us... :) ) While I don't necessarily condone it, I don't see how parking in a public place taking camera pictures of things in plain public view would actually be harassment. Google street view mapping of public roads and views accessible from same is perfectly legal, right? (and perfectly reasonable, right?) Why would this not be legal? Important or not, this tiny slice isn't going to "do away with banks altogether" The FAA (and common sense) treats an autopilot as just a fancy interface to the actual control surfaces of the aircraft, meaning the pilot-in-command is still responsible. Even on autopilot, I'm supposed to be monitoring the systems, keeping track of where we are, where we're headed, the weather, etc. If my autopilot sends me towards a mountain, it's on me (practically and legally) to fix it. The certification process for autopilots, even for light single-engine aircraft, is designed to prevent "autopilot can't be turned off or over-ridden" scenarios. Can it prevent all of them? No, but mine has a mandatory self-test that has to complete before it can be engaged, there is a dedicated breaker with a collar so I can kill power to just the autopilot, failing that I can kill the power to all avionics, failing that kill all electrical power, and failing all that each of the servos has a clutch on it that can easily be over-ridden by even the daintiest pilot. If the autopilot is commanding a left turn that I don't want, I can mechanically override it, or I have 4 electrical ways to shut it off. That takes "autopilot can't be disengaged" way, way down on the list of things to worry about, especially when compared to flying behind a single piston engine, with no anti-icing equipment. If I fly my airplane into a mountain, the NTSB report will say: Probable cause: The pilot in command's failure to maintain clearance from terrain, resulting in in-flight collision with mountainous terrain. They may add: Contributing causes were: . The likelihood that S-tec [maker of my autopilot] is found liable is precisely 0.00%. I recognized that you weren't confining yourself to specifically autopilots, but I felt that describing the autopilot failsafes (even on $50K family airplane) as well as the case law surrounding what people might consider to be "autonomous system" but which case law considers "fancy cotrols under command of the pilot" was useful to the discussion. I wasn't trying to argue against any particular point of yours. and he probably wasted the rest... :) I drive to work but my [sales] taxes have been used so that you (or the Boston equivalent of you) can have public transport available. So what? I agree that it's an abuse of taxpayer's money, but not just because I don't personally benefit from it. In fact, I have a clunker-eligible clunker-in-reality Jeep, but it is so much more financially advantageous to me to keep driving it than it would be to pay new car prices for a new car. I wanted to take advantage of the government handout, could easily have afforded any new car I wanted (even ones well over the MSRP cap for CARS program), but my judgment was that chasing the $4500 rebate would cost me 3-5x that and it wasn't worth it. THAT IMO is why it's a bad program: it encourages consumers who are marginally making it to burn up $15K in economic value over a few years in exchange for a $4500 government handout now. On one hand, that's exactly what makes the program stimulative. On the other, it's borderline preying on not-quite-poor people and their (as a class) inability to make rational economic choices in their best long-term interest. When I look around at my friends who took advantage of the program, the ones who could least afford to do so, did so, and the ones who could most afford to, chose not to... What vehicles has Congress made illegal to sell based on mileage ratings? (I'm pretty sure the answer is "None, but some get slapped with a gas guzzler sur-tax.") If, merely by deciding to do so, GM were capable of putting a car on the market that would be more attractive than those competitors, wouldn't they have been doing that before Nov 08 and thus not been in need of the bail out in the first place? I think GP was saying roughly "IM provides a means for encrypted communication, including the transfer of files. By HIPAA, we have to prevent the transfer of files containing patient medical information. The firewall can't distinguish among that encrypted traffic in order to PERMIT text chat but PREVENT all file transfers, thus the ability to transfer files securely via IM is an exploit as far as HIPAA is concerned." qwertqwert Ctrl-Enter is pretty short and works in most Windows browsers (such as you're likely to find in an internet cafe) (ctrl-enter adds a leading http://www . and a trailing .com if either is missing) Take a page from AAA: 4 incidents a year are free, after that you pay. I agree that "insurance" is the way to pitch this for maximum profit. People, including mostly rational people, will pay a [relative] lot to make themselves feel better about the chances of recovering their pet should it ever become lost. AAA seems to be doing pretty well, and I can't think of too many people who drive a car, could afford the $39-59 for AAA, but not the I've been a member for 17+ years, and the convenience way outweighs the price. Blog post N: "Sending Flowers when you don't know her address" Blog post N+1: "Flowers can Backfire" Classic. GPL doesn't require you to share the source code or changes with the world. It only requires you to share the source with those people to whom you give the binaries. That's a common misunderstanding. You can take GPL code and base your entire proprietary system around it, including making changes to it, and as long as you only run that system (SaaS or in-house) and do not distribute the binaries, you don't have to share the source with anyone. $5.20 (plus shipping) for 4 pens that "write amazingly well" is too much money? Why not just buy the ones you like and stop spending time/energy on the "problem"? When you asked for a cheaper source, I assumed it was somehow about the money. (I had to look at your profile to see if you worked where I do. I don't think you do, but it's hard to say.) It's absolutely amazing what wins in A/B testing sometimes. Like the parent poster, we do split-run testing continuously and consistently. I often have my own pre-conceived notions of what will win or lose big, and am often proven wrong by the people that matter: the ones out on the interwebs buying our products. Side, but related, note: watching customers interact with your site in a facilitated session is also very informative (bordering on mind-blowing sometimes). In our new building, we built a specific lab for this, but we used to and you could easily do it via closed-circuit TV. We've found that having one facilitator in the room with the customer (past customer or in our market but not familiar with the site) and the rest of the observers out of sight (but disclosed to the participant beforehand) works the best. (Many) People think that computers are magic devices, following no discernable rules or patterns. We've had users try to drag this "thing" over there for 3+ minutes (an eternity when you are watching them struggle) and when it finally works they are giddy with a sense of accomplishment and report "I don't know why it finally worked; it's magic!" but they aren't pissed off in any way. (Obviously, we work to improve this experience, but my point is: what you, as a competent accomplished computer user, expect, prefer, want or will tolerate doesn't trump what Joe Main Street wants/expects if he's in your target market more than the readers of HN.) Take a spin around our website and you may very well see 10 design WTFs, 7 of which likely have statistically significant test results backing them, 2 of which are in test right now, and 1 of which we don't know about or aren't yet testing. http://www.htdp.org/ is the link One of the main reasons to do the X-ray first is to ensure that you don't have any unknown ferrous metal (from welding, grinding, etc) that will become a projectile under the intense magnetic fields. (I wasn't aware that there was a massive amount of radiation from MRIs, and tend to doubt that claim. Are you confusing it with CT perhaps?) If you know what car you want, you can buy a new car in about an hour without getting cleaned out too badly. If you only pretty much know what you want, add an hour or so to that. You can easily spend 10-20 times that amount of searching for a used car if you're at all particular about just color, miles, brand/model, etc. "There are no used car factories." If you're very particular about options and condition, it only goes up from there. All new cars are roughly the same (as other new cars with that config). No two used cars are the same. So you need pre-purchase inspections, research into the history of the car, need to consider whether to throw your money away at used car warranties, etc. I can understand why people who "just want any car" buy new cars. All that said, I bought one brand new car 14 years ago (when I was 25) and think it was a huge mistake; I'm still driving that car today, 158K miles later, which lessens the failure somewhat. Even though I could pay cash for any new car the average person has heard of (no Maybach, McLaren, etc), I probably won't buy another new one until I'm too old to work on them. They're just too damn expensive, especially when you look at the huge selection of 3-4 year old off-lease cars selling $0.30-0.40 on the dollar. Do you believe that a prospective employer who through a Google search on your name finds this rambling letter (no matter how accurate or anonymous) will be more or less likely to hire you? I believe less. It's not like some others that I've read that are absolute bars, but IMO, this one doesn't help out your job search. If you literally couldn't afford the $10K loss, then you did the right thing. Move along... You can't sell it without a writing a [certified] check for the difference or getting the bank to agree to a short sale. True that people in dire financial straits may not be able to do the former, but the latter is not out of the question. I interpreted "Apache compile" as "a compile of Apache ['s httpd server]". I would imagine that if you designed it to look like a near full-term pregnancy, that you could get it close enough to the masses of people in the security lines for sure. To have a massively disruptive attack, you don't need to bring down an airliner; you only need to kill and injure a whole bunch of people, such as those conveniently massed outside the security screening areas. You could probably accomplish the same thing much more easily by just packing a stroller full of explosives and detonating THAT in the security line. I imagine parent's thinking of fake pregnancy, not a flashlight sized/shaped device. (I made that as vanilla-sounding as I could...) That unsavory practice is specifically counter to employment being slavery, BTW. Why do employers offer health coverage? In many cases, it's because they use their benefits packages to compete for employees. (In other cases, it's by a legal mandate of course.) If employees were slaves, there would be no reason for employers to compete for them. Terrorists' [presumed] goal is not to maximize body count per unit effort; it's to maximize terror (perhaps per unit effort, but it's not clear to me). The reason to target someplace like airport security is precisely because the TSA is standing right there and everyone's been to an airport and stood in that line. If you firebomb a nightclub, many people just shrug and think "Hell, I don't go to nightclubs." If you blow up a security line at an airport, people freak out, because nearly everyone can put themselves in that situation and therefore become fearful that you could have killed them within a dozen yards of a cadre of TSA staff and there's nothing we can do about it. Terror is the goal; killing people is merely incidental or secondary to that goal. Think about how many more billions of dollars the Western world has been "forced" to spend on security post 9-11. Think about how large a factor that is compared to the actual damage done on 9-11. If you believe that the TSA stands ready and trained to identify and thwart such an attack, you have vastly more faith in them than I do. (Not specifically a slam against TSA, but more an observation that it's a very difficult problem.) If you set the Microsoft .net tools side by side with Emacs, gdb et al, I don't think that it's the Microsoft tools that look like forks and baseball bats. This coming from a guy who after 20+ years still launches Emacs as my first app, but even I have to admit that Visual Studio is more productive for slinging typical .Net code than even Emacs, at least for me. (And yes, I understand your point wasn't specifically about tool UI and developer productivity exactly.) Be very careful what you wish for in the last point. Anything that makes students loans less "guaranteed" will make them much less available. Right now, the only way to "game the system" is to die. If you allow someone to take $250K of student loan debt and then just piss off and do something that "doesn't use that education" and have it discharged, think about how much harder it will be for some other middle class kid to get a student loan to pursue their dream. ObDisclaimer: My student loans are long ago paid off, partly because I prostituted myself to ROTC to pay for 80% of MIT or so. Still, I'd have hated to be unable to attend MIT (my dream since age 11) because student loans were unavailable because the repayment guarantee became only as good as a routine personal loan. It's entirely possible for both sides to be dumb. Suppose your liquid net worth is $2mm. It would be a very bad idea for you to enter into a legally binding wager with a penniless person on a fair coin where "heads you win $1M; tails you lose $250K" It doesn't (on search engines that "matter"), but if I sell say titanium hammers, there's still value to me putting link spam to my site on a construction blog. A dramatically higher savings rate would likely be disastrous for the US economy. That is why financial regulations (I presume you meant to suggest tax policy or other government incentives rather than regulation directly). Why is that? If you double the savings rate, at a high level, money changes hands about half as often across the aggregate economy. Halving the aggregate amount of economic transactions would represent a huge missed opportunity for profits (by individuals and corporations) and taxation (profits for the government). Don't believe me? Imagine a savings rate of 10% (far higher than the US rate; far lower than the 1970s/1980s Japanese rate). Inject $10 into the system by A buying something from B. B now saves $1 of that and spends $9 with C. C now saves $0.90 and spends $8.10, etc, etc. Tracking that until the next spend is under $1, with a 10% savings rate, that $10 turns into $91 of total spending. Making the rate only 11% reduces the spending to $83. 15% is a disastrous $62. 20% is $47 in total spending. 5% is a stimulative $181 and 3% is the taxman's dream of $301.40. While I don't believe that the actual economy is so simply modelled, this "Fiscal multiplier" has more than a grain of truth to it, explains why "small" stimulus programs have a disproportionate effect on the economy (providing the savings rate stays low), and why the government is NOT incented to raise the savings rate substantially, assuming you think their goal is a steadily growing economy. I'm sure there is some need for balance, but from the (smallish) amount I recall of Macro in college, a small positive savings is the "optimum" for economic growth without unbounded inflation, etc. If the savings rate were negative, then availability of credit may be the overall bounding factor. In the situation the US finds itself currently, I believe that an increased savings rate will slow or stall the recovery. (That doesn't mean that I don't think individuals should be prudent and save, which I continue to do, but rather that I want OTHER people that I don't know or care about to continue to spend freely, ideally on products my company sells. :) ) It is often said that there is no such thing as an "Emergency Takeoff" >I DO know quite well what I'm NOT interested in though. Very few solutions let me filter out crap I'm NOT interested in. Yes, you know what you're not interested in. But can you express that in a machinable fashion? " http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_know_it_when_I_see_it " only helps you after you've already seen it. Alternately, if you could create the machine to take a human's loose description of what they're not interested in and filter it out, there are any number of ways to turn that into big money AND big benefit to society. (In very loose terms, that's what search engines do...) Since you later say that you travel/live out of the country, stay FAR away from rental real estate. No way on earth that an individual piece of rental real estate is less risky than a basket of stocks in my mind. If I were you, I'd stay away from any store of value that is dollar denominated (other than perhaps TIPS), as I believe that the US will have to devalue the dollar to pay its debt. That means oil/metals/commodities, or perhaps easier/safer, profitable companies whose profits are not predominantly made in US dollars. (It's fine or even good if they are repatriated into weakening US dollars.) Ideal would be a company with revenues in foreign currencies and expenses in US dollars. If you were staying put, I'd agree with the buy real estate to live in as a anti-dollar hedge and if you wanted to live in the 2-4 unit type of housing, that would be even better. But leaving the country for long periods of time: forget about it. It depends on that publication. If you proved P = NP* and that was your only publication, I'd still include it. *-other than the joke "for P = 0 or N = 1" The disaster of that plan is you may very well figure it out 3 months in, and then have a multi-year effectively prison sentence to serve out. I have deep respect for those who do serve. I just don't think that recommending it as some kind of default "until you figure it out" is remotely a good idea. For a percentage of his future income stream, I absolutely would. (That means that he probably has a better option, but in the event he doesn't, he can feel free to contact me. I'll do some diligence and if it checks out, I may make an investment...) For the record, I agree completely. However, that does mean that your situation is clearly not hopeless, which was my point. I'm surely not looking to vulture you for a couple grand (neither worth my time to ensure it's not a scam, nor my real-life karma in the event that it's not) It's not just that. I've interviewed senior candidates who can't do basic arithmetic in their head. I had one project management candidate, who was doing fairly well up until that point on the interview loop, who literally couldn't multiply 600 by 3 in their head, nor on the whiteboard. I like it. It means that someone technical spent time on crafting the (easy in this case) puzzle, plus I happen to enjoy puzzles. To me, it speaks (softly) to the culture of the place being other than "supervise an off-shore team" or Office Space type culture. Your mentor was spot-on in his recommendation in the first situation, IMO. One key difference is the amount of MindJet's time that you can tie up and consume over the matter. If a tiny fraction of customers started taking hours per refund, MindJet is in fact likely to change their refund stance. The ideal outcome (for a MindJet hater) is to chew up as much time/energy of MindJet's (and as little of Chris's ideally) and THEN do the chargeback anyway. I don't have that kind of time, so I'd fire off the minimum response to the company, then declare to my issuing bank that I was "unable to resolve it" with the company, get my chargeback and move on, but I do think that Chris's heart is in the right place here. But those pain meds are not listed on the DEA's Schedule I of drugs with high potential for abuse and no medical purposes. And therefore, those pain meds ARE legal (with a prescription), research can widely be done on them and variants, etc. Alcohol and tobacco are not safe. Neither are red meat, fugu, skydiving, unpasteurized cheese, automobiles, bicycles, and 100s of other things (even including water!), that I'd prefer the freedom to enjoy if I choose, and for science to have the freedom to research. I'm long past the point in my life where I'm likely to develop a drug problem. My 7 month old daughter is still too young, but I honestly WANT her to grow up in a world where the government exerts less control and influence than it does now. Do I hope she smokes weed when she grows up? Ideally not, but I want that choice to be hers, not mine, yours or the government's. Or only on 32-bit machines... (SAP being another offender here. Apparently their calendars are stuck on 2005.) > We would ask you to respect Paul's privacy and not discuss this outside of the office. So, by all means, please forward along to techflash post-haste. While I agree this is "interesting" in a newsworthy sense, I think it's a dick move for it to be shared with the news media other than by Paul's consent. Yes, but if someone (say a health insurance co) were to buy deCODE, that purchasing entity would no longer be a 3rd party. Vistaprint is hiring for a ton of roles as well. Software Engineering, Project Managers, Operations, Creative, Marketing, other. We also do a very limited number of internships. Locations include Lexington (Boston area), MA, Barcelona, Windsor Ontario, Venlo Holland, Winterthur Switzerland. http://careers.vistaprint.com/ Exactly. I probably read it in 10 minutes 2 weeks ago when I gave recruiting the nod to bring you in. After that, if I looked at it for another 10 minutes in the morning before your interview, consider yourself flattered/lucky. The fact that I walk into the interview room knowing less about your resume than you do is your problem/opportunity, not mine. I don't usually mention where I work, but it's very relevant to this point about showing interest in the company. (I run IT for Vistaprint.) I was interviewing someone for a mid-level systems engineering position, and the interview seemed to be going well-enough. I always wrap up with a few minutes for the candidate to ask questions about the company, and the only question this candidate had was "Have you guys ever considered building a website where people can design and order business cards?" Blink; blink; WTF? Uh, yeah, we did about $250M in business that way last year, so I'd say we've given it some thought. An employer is going into the interview with some need that they're hoping you can fill. That need is almost certainly not "I need to make sure the next person in the door can pay rent and buy food." so you shouldn't go into the interview focused on that either. By all means, you have your own set of needs that you need filled, but in the interview, focus on the employer's need, not your own. If the key element that you're upset about was telephone guided co-browsing, I call "not unique". You may very well have been the ones to introduce the idea/term to Faberge, but if you were the first ones to pitch AJAX or Flash to them, should they be barred from using that in their eventual solution, too? If you lent me $1000, and then offered me a fair coin flip for $1000, would the fact that you "won" the coin flip and I stiffed you for the $1000 I borrowed be adequate consolation? If so, can I borrow $1000 and do you have a quarter on you? I don't think the example is actually that different. My response was to the point of "the casino might actually not be out any money". If the outcome of the wager (that the casino won and "kept" the money) is critical to determining how/whether a case is prosecuted, then you set the casinos up to be free-rolled, which is the point I was making with my coin-flip after loan analogy. The moment Ryan beats me in the coin flip, he's "earned" $1000. If the law differentiates at all whether he's entitled to be paid based on whether I moments earlier borrowed $1000 from him, then I have a free-roll. I borrow $1000 in cash, and bet $1000 in cash on heads. Heads, I win $1000, pay the loan off and walk out with my $1000 profit. Tails, I lose $1000, but I say "well, you have the money anyway, so you're not actually out anything" and walk away with no more and no less money than I started the day. Mathematically, that's the same as Ryan giving me $500 and us making a $500 wager on the coin. I wasn't trying to address whether it should be civil or criminal; I tend to agree it should be civil, but Nevada gets to make the rules for Nevada. I was merely pointing out that whether or not the casino "kept" the money that it beat the guy for is not relevant. If you haven't already maxed the RAM on the server in question, that's generally the first step. When (the active working set) of your DB is much larger than the RAM your server can support, either get a bigger server or put heavy random IO loads on SSDs. You're asking it as an A-xor-B when it's really a case of A-then-B. His point #2 is only have 3 sentences in TOTAL, and make the last one the one question you have for them. Your comment is by no means a minor addition to #2, but more of a refutation. Seemingly far more people are concerned with the scalability of their startup than the viability of it. I'm coming up blank with a startup that would have been successful but was killed off by scaling issues. (Twitter may have come the closest...) Saving a few hours of time in exchange for $150 vs saving $5 in exchange for an hour (round-trip) of your time may be the right choice for the same person. Moving is strenuous, boring physical labor with a relatively high probability of being hurt/sore the next day. Driving around for an extra hour may be a pleasant diversion, time alone to think, relax, listen to music, etc. It's not apples to apples paying $50 an hour in one case against being paid $5 an hour in the other case. I've never seen a car where the "first click" of lights (what I presume you're calling parking lights) doesn't turn on the taillights. In most cars, they're even on the same fuse. (Yes, there are cars with true one-sided parking lamps that will only illuminate one side front-and-rear to mark the edge of the car parked closest to the road.) I suspect what you're actually seeing is drivers using only the daytime running lights. Those do not turn the rear lamps on. It specifically does not solve the "no rear lamps" issue. In fact, it exacerbates it. It's not clear to me that slowing traffic will increase safety in any meaningful way. Slowing traffic will, for any constant amount of "demand", necessarily increase traffic density. Increased traffic density would seem likely to have a positive correlation with accident rates that would partially offset the decrease you're hoping to see. During the transition period, I predict you'd see a marked increase in the accident rate due to the increased instances of overtaking and broader spread of speeds. (12 cars all travelling at 80 mph on an interstate is safer than 6 cars travelling at 60 mph and 6 cars travelling at 80 mph. When you figure that each car governed to 60 will have to drive 33% longer, you'd actually have 8 cars at 60 mph and 6 cars at 80 mph to get the same throughput to destination on the highway.) The code for a the basic (mode A/C) transponder isn't actually unique. It's just 4 base-8 digits settable by the pilot, with several codes reserved for specific uses. When on an ATC-assigned code, that code in only "unique" within a specific area. I might be assigned 0234 flying in Boston Center's airspace and someone else might be on 0234 in Phoenix. I can't get water bills electronically, but my bank gets e-bills for my cable/internet, electric and gas providers so I can easily pay those variable amount bills. In fact, they're completely on auto-pilot. I get notified when the bill is posted and the amount; if I do nothing (the normal case), the bill gets paid from my bank's auto-bill pay system automatically. Interesting; I did not know that. In the US, every DRL that I've seen lights only one pair of front lamps (usually the headlamps at partial power, but some models light other front lamps). Most anything that substantially alters most every merchant's costs does affect you. You may not see it as a line item on the reciept, but it's in there. If anyone misses Geocities or myspace, look at this site in IE. I'm not sure what exactly the point of (seemingly) intentionally making your blog site readable in FF and outrageously hard to read in IE is... That's certainly one approach. From the outside, my interpretation of that is "I don't value my own opinion enough to make it accessible to users of other extremely common browsers." I assume you blog because you feel like you have something to say that's worth reading. Making that content inaccessible to a very large segment of the browsers/users in the world works contrary to that. (I do sympathize with the PITA factor.) Still, YOU having that choice is strictly better for you as a user than having the choice be dictated by the original author with you having no alternative, right? In the GPL case, if it's important enough to you and you alone, as defined by being worth you trading some resource you have (time and talent, or money) in exchange for the work, you can get the software modified. In a closed source case, it must be important enough to you to make the case and convince someone else as well. The Headphones industry is screwing you? And specifically screwing you worse than the others you list later? I'm very curious to hear more about this... If the regexp: ([^\s]+)\s*[Aa][Tt] *([^\s]+)\s*[Dd][Oo][Tt]\s*[Cc][Oo][Mm] matches text in an exemplar, it's worth checking out as a possible email address (assuming one is a low-down, good-for-nothing spammer) Yours is no harder to pull out automatically than the examples in the original article, and the above regexp took me under 2 minutes to write and verify. It's not your "obfuscation" that's saving you, it's gmail's spam filtering. Economic embargoes on their own never help developing countries develop faster. If I have milk and you have cookies and we trade freely, we can both be better off. If you decide not to trade with me because you think I worked too hard or had to get up too early to get that milk, neither of us is better off. Even worse is when you decide not to trade with me because someone else told you not to, for my own good. And if they do that, then they aren't working as a full-time child-care provider, cook, cleaner, errand runner, concierge, etc. The broken window fallacy says that purely destructive actions don't actually stimulate the economy in a useful way. In no way is one adult staying home to perform "home work" logically equivalent (at least, not in my opinion). Having your own car is extremely convenient. It can carry all your stuff and be reasonably secure against theft. If you're worried it's going to rain, toss an umbrella in the trunk. If it turns out not to rain, you didn't have to carry an umbrella all damn day, etc. In most Texas cities, there's ample easy and free/cheap parking. Parking in NYC or DC is a nightmare. Those two cities also have very high densities and reasonably good public transit systems. It seems there's a naturally inverse relationship between parking convenience and public transit convenience. I believe that's driven from environmental factors (cutting it back to only one factor, it's probably the cost of land as #1 driver). If your public transit system has to cover all of Dallas/Fort Worth at the same transit density/convenience as Manhattan is covered, you're going to spend an ENORMOUS amount of money on that infrastructure and that's not likely to be paid back by the moderate/low level of usage that would occur. (Because parking would still be plentiful and convenient in those cities...) Lots of at or in home work (daycare, yard work, house cleaning, dog walking). And, for "our kind", contract programming. In theory, there's a threshold (fairly low, like $600 maybe?) over which you are supposed to get a 1099 as a contract worker, but if you look at that list of occupations in parens above, I'd wager workers not getting 1099s outnumber those getting 1099s 4 to 1 or higher. I suspect that's mostly people complaining about the actual byzantine nature of our tax code and the inherent complexity that it causes. Plus, they're in a bad mood realizing just what all that government cheese is costing them personally. I doubt that it's actual disatisfaction with TurboTax itself. (No connection with Intuit, other than a happy user of their products for almost 2 decades now.) Carriers live and die by turnaround time to keep their jets making money (or at least, not losing money as quickly...) A significant part of SWA's competitive advantage is their industry leading turnaround time. Having every carrier have to park a standby jet (even just one), flight crew and full cabin crew at each of their airports is going to flow pretty quickly (and stoutly) to the ticket price. (There are duty limits for flight and cabin crews, and being on active-standby, such as you'd need to be in order to effectively reduce delays, counts against those limits.) Consumers want cheap tickets. Airlines are providing that, sometimes at the hidden expense to those consumers of delays and cancellations. I agree that what we need to do is pour more concrete, but that runs into all the NIMBYs who want all the other airports to have more runways, except for the one within 10 miles of their house. That one needs to be closed and a new one built 25 miles away, but if that can't happen, at least they don't want any new runways... The customer didn't choose, install, nor maintain the drive-thru intercom. If it's insufficient for the business purpose, fix it, but don't blame the customer. They have a reasonable expectation that the intercom works as well as the average speakerphone. Irony, anyone? You're making a distinction without a difference. If not paid as a dividend, where else would that profit go but to cash in the bank at time T+1? (Technically, it's free cash flow that goes to cash in the bank, but the difference isn't meaningful here.) Agreed, and I think it happens much more often than most people realize... It's the disagreement on what something's worth that makes the market. IANAL. That said, I believe the relevant law is http://www.mass.gov/legis/laws/mgl/272-99.htm and the key element will prove to be whether using a cell phone as a video/audio camera would constitute a "secret" recording of audio as required by definition B4. (Apparently, with Glick's original case dismissed, there's a chance that it would not suffice.) In terms of his suit, anyone can sue anyone for anything. It's the winning that's hard. I can't imagine any cause for action on impairing his freedom of speech, nor that sufficient probable cause did not exist to effect the arrest. While I don't like how the law is written, and may not agree with the premise, the law is the law and it's easy for an officer to believe that they have probable cause for an arrest under that law. Frankly, I think they had PC for the arrest, even as I wish they didn't and wish that even if they had, they'd have chosen not to make that arrest. I can't see how Glick can meaningfully win this case... One could argue that the camera was hidden inside of what appeared to be a cell phone. Most hard drive faults do not cause an instant loss of all data on the drive. (Look at SMART reallocated sectors/events. Take 50 of your drives that are "working just fine" and I'll bet that 10 of them have reallocated sectors.) At this point Google is probably too large for there to be a sense of exclusivity about it. I'm sure that being one of the first 50 at Google or Amazon would be a particularly effective resume builder (though given where those companies went, perhaps a financially unnecessary one). I've been recruited to positions specifically because of D. E. Shaw on my resume/LinkedIn profile. Whether that got me way above range or not is impossible to say, of course, but I've never been one to complain about salary in my life either. At my current company, I took a significant pay cut to come here in 2003, N years pre-IPO. N turned out to be 2.5. Only if every part of your system is perfectly horizontally scalable. There are very frequently some singleton aspects of a system, perhaps the most common example being a single central data store with a fan out of web servers. The web servers scale by adding more, but it's an architectural change to add a second DB. For me (Cambridge, MA) it was definitely cheaper to get and pay tickets than to pay for monthly parking at my two apts ago apartment building. I averaged well under $100 worth of tickets a month, against a parking garage charge of $250/mo, plus I didn't ever have to wait for my car to be brought out by the garage valets. Back in college (again in Cambridge, MA), a resident parking violation was $10, and garage parking in Harvard Sq for the evening was $14. Guess how hard it was for the residents to use their resident parking spots... (They've since raised it signficantly.) Because the "identify your deadwood" request is often only used when planning layoffs, managers who don't want to appear uncooperative may warehouse deadwood in good times to have something to sacrifice in bad times. "Why does so-and-so still work here?" can sometimes truthfully be answered "So we'll have someone to lay off when the company calls for 10% cuts." Lower prices to the consumer is the most obvious answer to your last question. Either you take as a given that people will buy that GIJoe from China or they won't. If they will, some company is going to provide it; in your case it just happens to be Walmart. If the consumer won't buy it, no retailer will provide it. If your argument is that we should attempt to assign economic penalties (taxes, if you will) on the externalities such that the true cost of those is reflected in the fuel that Walmart (and everyone else) buys, I'm all for it. If you're suggesting that the most appropriate way to correct for those externalities is to raise the income taxes on the Walmart execs who appear on the "top 20 retailer execs" list, I don't see even a tenuous connection with which I can agree. Corporate taxes (which are levied on profits) are most naturally passed through to the owners of that corporation. (Basically, they are taxing undeclared dividends.) Taxes that a corporation pays in the course of doing business (fuel, payroll, etc) are presumably NOT allocated in this fashion. Be VERY careful what you wish for. The fact that student loans are not dischargable directly contributes to increasing their availability and reducing the interest rate charged. (By dramatically reducing the risk of default.) Otherwise, why wouldn't someone just run up $300K, declare bankruptcy the day they graduate, suffer credit-wise for 7 years and celebrate their 30th birthday completely debt-free without ever paying a dime of the loans? FAA's AAI site will have the "just the facts" version of the report far sooner than the NTSB. (In all likelihood, it will be on the FAA site tomorrow.) http://www.faa.gov/data_research/accident_incident/prelimina... For GA, the NTSB pretty much only responds to fatal crashes, and even there if the cause is "routine" (controlled flight into terrain, spatial disorientation loss of control) there won't be much in the way of a detailed investigation. Have a non-fatal accident and you as pilot-in-command are required to report it within 72 hours, but no one from the NTSB is likely to ever see the aircraft in question in person. Commercial Part 121 crashes get large amounts of attention and amazing levels of effort (the reconstruction of TWA800 is astonishing to me). If I bend my 182 and don't kill anyone, they'll only know about it because I have to tell them and they'll file my submission away. What exactly is inhumane about allowing an individual to take on personal, non-dischargable debt in exchange for an education? How would the world be a better place if no one had access to this (generally very low-interest) source of funding for their education? I may be biased because I put myself through college on a combination of ROTC and loans, both of which were in different ways using my own time and labor (present and future) as a way of investing in my future. There was no other way I was going to be able to attend MIT, a dream I'd had since I was about 8 years old and saw a PBS special about the 2.70 design contest. Sure, some people take loans and don't spend the money wisely (fail to graduate, choose an expensive school for a very low paying career, max out their loans and gamble or fritter it away). Those are all personal choices and I don't have a problem with those people suffering the consequences in exchange for what I perceive to be the greater good: that a motivated kid from middle or lower income family (such as I was) is able to attend MIT, thrive there, and as a result go on to have a substantially more fulfilling life. Oh and by the way, as part of that life, you'll have to pay back that money that someone fronted you when you were penniless, unemployable outside a mall context, no credit history, no significant employment history, etc. Taking that opportunity away from all such kids, in exchange for having no one be able to make a poor choice specifically around student loans, is not a good trade, IMO. Taking away student loans would remove some of the upward pressure on tuition, but frankly those schools would have the luxury of accepting only rich kids. (If you're turning away 90% today, and your applicant pool is cut in half, you still have to turn away 80%.) I won't go so far as to say that arguing against student loans is directly arguing to reserve elite colleges for the wealthy only, but I am one kid who wouldn't have been able to go without loans. Perhaps that makes me "too involved" or "too passionate" about my own experience to be fully objective, but I'm glad every day, workday or not, about the choices I made and the fact that loans were available so I could make that free choice to take them. You make an excellent point there, and I have to admit that I don't have a good answer. Your username is apt, and I wish I could double up-vote you for reminding me of the outliers on the downside. The cold-hearted realist in me says "Well, some people are going to struggle and fail in life, ulimately dying in debt and this is just a different mechanism that manifests in that sliver of folks with stupendously bad luck." The compassionate human in me says "There ought to be a way to let people not have to suffer the rest of their life for stupendously bad luck when they were young." The realist then worries about how to make that almost as gaming-proof as the current system where you have to die or at least fake your own death and create a new identity (either of which would "game" any system). I would go so far as to donate to a charity setup to payoff the loans in those exceptional cases you describe (ideally at a negotiated discount, reflecting that those loans were unlikely to be paid anyway). Perhaps requiring that the person declare "normal" bankruptcy as well, and then that "qualifies" them to apply for a hearing of some sort before this new charity's board where they can state their case and answer questions. The forcing of "normal" bankruptcy as a qualifier is intended not to punish the individual but rather to ensure that it's not undertaken lightly and that the charity is hearing few frivolous cases. You ahve shaken my belief system enough (in a good way), that you may have literally given me a direction to focus my future charitable endeavors. Thank you... (See boucher's comment for the difference in LGPL and GPL.) The GPL also doesn't require them to "[fix] bugs or make improvements give them back to [you]". It merely requires that if they do give the binaries to someone, including you, they have to also make available the modified source to those recipients. I'm perfectly free to take your GPL code, modify it and run it in-house, including using it in a SaaS or web offering offering, and not give anyone access to the source modifications. To me that just means that there's a market rate for equity grants for chumps and a different (higher) market rate for "the really good ones". I don't think I buy it (so to speak). More food, beer and wine purchases online than offline? I'm pretty hardcore about buying online whenever possible, and I buy only a miniscule percentage of my food online and no wine or beer online. A summons for jury duty is one obvious example. Frankly, I think that Western Union isn't in the business of caring. They make a healthy margin on every transfer, and serve a segment of the population that has a strong disinterest in having to extensively document their identity, source of funds, etc, sometimes because the funds are "dirty" sometimes because the sender or recipient isn't "fully legal", etc. It's against Western Union's interest to extensively document everyone and every dollar that passes through their systems. I'm sure they comply with the legal requirements placed on them, but I doubt they go WAY beyond that, for doing so would not be in their best business interests Are you honestly suggesting that someone would travel to Mexico or India to put their premie in newborn intensive care unit there? Really; that seems remotely reasonable (or even possible) to you? I would imagine that the argument of GP is roughly: Suppose in a population at a certain time, 2 simple genetics based traits suddenly become available (visible/detectable) during mate selection. Trait A has the property that whether you have or don't have a particular expresion of it, you seek mates in the same condition. Trait B has the property that you randomly select mates without regard to their trait B status matching yours. Trait A would tend to persist or even be amplified throughout generations, while trait B would be dispersed and become less obvious over generations. Given the obviousness of race during mate selection, and the fact that the human race as a whole has not homogenized in that dimension, I would say that there is some non-trivial natural preference among humans to pick "like" when seeking mates. (There are of course obvious flaws in the above thinking, the most obvious I can think of being that societal mobility has only in the last few hundred years made it reasonably practical to date outside the local area in which you were born. I do however think that there's a genetic basis for "birds of a feather" in mate selection, and that that doesn't imply the root cause is an undesirable form of racism.) I recommend LaTeX for typesetting and emacs for editing (it's not WYSIWYG, though). I found the MIT thesis templates to be extremely easy to use and produced excellent output with minimal hassles. (My thesis was just an undergrad thesis, with a relatively small number of figures. I will admit the figures were the most difficult part, but even there they were totally manageable and I never considered myself locked in any death fight.) It was 17 years ago that I wrote my thesis, but I quickly googled and found some samples online: http://web.mit.edu/olh/Latex/Sample-thesis/index.html I'll be right along after I finish writing this reply down It sounds not at all natural to me. Was it supposed to? That attitude is putting the onus of watching out for your own best interest onto Amazon. IMO, you should be looking out for your own interest more than Amazon should. I'm sure that possible course of action occured to them and, based on the fact they didn't choose to do it, they decided it wasn't worth their while. I'm sure Amazon is looking out for Amazon, as they ought to be. The EFF is about electronic freedom. The iPhone takes away the freedom of users and developers. From my perspective, users and developers have MORE freedom now with the advent of the iPhone than they had before it was introduced. Before it was introduced, you had NO FREEDOM at all to develop, sell or use iPhone apps. Now, you have freedom to develop them under certain conditions that are not as free as possible in an EFF-idealized world, but to say that the introduction of the iPhone strictly takes away freedom I think is wrong. Yes, but the brakestand type burnout procedure does not use full braking. In a safe location, in a rear drive car with an automatic, try the following: In drive, heavy brake pressure with the left foot, roll into the throttle with your right foot. Get to full throttle (over a second or two; don't take forever), and gradually release some of the brake pressure. You'll find a sweet spot where the torque of the drivetrain is able to overcome the rear brake(s) and spin your right rear tire (or both of them if you have a tight limited slip diff). Your partial pressure on the front brakes, which are not driven, will hold the car stopped. You can further come off the brakes to let the car rollout of the burnout, or get out of the throttle and stay put. Obviously, this is far harder on the car than driving to the corner store for some milk, but it's an effective way to clean off the tires at the dragstrip, a good way to get attention at the local teen hangout on Friday nights, and a great way to get a ticket for "ostentatious display". The point curiously missing from the C&D article is that a car driving a full throttle will also be generating only a tiny amount of manifold vacuum. In most cars, more vacuum is necessary to provide the power-assist to the brakes, once any stored vacuum is used up. (The brakes will work, but losing power brakes for the average driver will be an upsetting event, especially with a stuck throttle.) They mention "don't turn off the ignition because that will cause you to lose brake assist", but fail to connect the no vacuum at wide open throttle to the same end result. I'm sure the C&D test drivers were willing to mash the pedal and generate the best braking force the car was capable of. The average person, confronted with a stuck throttle, lost power brakes and the resulting "hard" brake pedal may very well not be able to summon the force required to generate full brake pressure. (It's an amazing amount of force compared to what you're used to using. If you're also the type to worry about flipping the car from putting the car in neutral, you're probably not going to bend the seatback applying enough brake pressure to get the job done.) I think I'd have expected better than the average driver from a trained highway patrol officer, though. If you were a 99% Windows shop but wanted a linux-based DNS, mediawiki, subversion or similar server would be one case. (Host mostly Windows guests, but a small number of non-Windows.) What is your basis for asserting that your female friends are in-fact equally qualified as the male applicants? Do you believe that you are being (or capable of being) completely objective in that evaluation? In my experience, which spans 2 companies having what I judge to be remarkable software engineering talent, several women at each place feature prominently on the "lifeboat list". At each of those places, the stars had a much higher percentage of women than the general population at those places (though still short of 50/50). Said slightly differently, given you were a woman at one of those places, you were disproportionately likely to be a star. If far fewer women than men enter computer science (at the university level), I don't think that it's likely that workplace discrimination effects are the dominant effects in the final population biases we all see. It's also no surprise to see that those who do enter are disproportionately good, because they are disproportionately likely to be intrisincally more motivated and interested in the work than the large set of "unwashed masses [of males]" who enter comp-sci because it's a relatively easy way to make a comfortable and secure living, even if they don't really "care" about it. I know for my own account, I'll hire every qualified candidate I can find, without regard to gender or anything else unrelated to their prospective job performance. As I think back to the college recruiting I've done for my current firm, I can think of 2 men whose candidacy I championed significantly and 3 women in that same boat. That's against a candidate pool that is probably >5:1::male:female ratio. Zero sum doesn't mean that the two terms literally sum to zero, just that one trades off directly against the other. Family + Career = K would be the algebraic expression of it. That's one of the beauties of a turbine engine. If it starts and N1, N2 RPM and fuel flow is within spec, and you don't exhaust the fuel, the chance that that engine will run for another 5 hours is extremely high. If my experiences with my own (single piston engined) airplane are in any way representative, I would be surprised if the first flight out of major maintenance isn't statistically significantly riskier than a random repo flight. While I happen to agree with you on this specific case (and "approve" of this type of SERP monkeying), we should always be very cautious when on such extremely slippery slopes. I would imagine that a pro-lifer would "hope they do everything they can to help people who are exploring their options [around an unplanned pregnancy], because amongst those options IS " Similarly for religious or political or other moral topics. Should Google monkey with the SERPs for all of those topics? If so, who gets to decide in which direction it should be altered? (It happens that there isn't a very active group in support of suicide, euthansia aside, so this one is fairly non-controversial.) I agree that Google can do whatever they want. I was pointing out that they will only do this in extremely limited cases, because there most certainly IS a slippery slope here. If your end users want a fast site (I would imagine most do), then the faster sites are going to win anyway, with everything else being equal. At worst, Google is just reflecting that reality (in ~1% of searches where it changes the results). Personally, I would prefer to compete in a world where everything relevant is "up for competition". You can compete on content, speed, price, or a myriad of other factors. If your complaint is that you want to compete on all of those things EXCEPT speed because that metric is unfair in your opinion, I don't have sympathy for that point of view. I almost always (like 97 times in 100) just fill up. Too much time wasted to buy gas a few gallons at a time for a small savings, IMO. (Incidentally, one of our cars is a turbodiesel sedan and gets almost 500 miles to the tank, 600 on a roadtrip. It's amazingly pleasant to only have to fill up about once a month in normal usage.) When creating a tax system one should not take into account the likelihood of actually collecting the tax? "Ease of enforcement" is an irrational standard for designing tax systems. was the part I was addressing. While I agree that I've re-stated it, I don't feel that I've mis-characterized it, or if I've done so, it wasn't intentional/strawman-ish/troll-ish. While I'm not suggesting that likelihood of collection should be the prime design criterion, I would have to rank it fairly highly, both for practical reasons (the money must be collected) as well as perceived fairness reasons (it would be ideal if people felt that everyone was paying their own share, rather than seeing material underpayment of tax, or believing that it exists, either of which creates incentives for that person to also cheat) In what finance world does "free cash flow" NOT include operational expenses like [salaries of] personnel? Very similar experience here; bought myself a Kinesis for home and one for work (I'm sure they'd have paid for it, but I couldn't be bothered). It was quite possibly the best $600 I've ever spent. I don't mouse enough to have yet bothered with the trackball, but perhaps I'll get one to try it out. The only downside I've found (other than cost, which is a non-issue IMO) is that you get very used to the keyboard and now when I go to a conference room or someplace else with normal keyboards, I might as well be typing with my elbows. I emailed to offer to pay him his out-of-pocket expenses to do that, because I got a lot of value from Lispbox when reading his book. (Sadly, I'm neither qualified nor do I have the time to do Lispbox justice as a maintainer, but I'm more than happy to pay $20 a year or whatever to keep lispbox.com in the hands of the good guys...) Do you actually have (or have you read the terms on) such a mortgage? Any additional amount I send in on mine is credited as "additional principal payment" and reduces the amount owed (and hence the interest). If I had thousand dollars in hand, I could pay my mortgage off Monday without any penalty, just five MONTHS into my refinance. I have seen no-refinance-before-such-date mortgages, and while it's possible that a mortgage with a prepayment of additional principal penalty or barring exists, it's certainly not common in the US. Have a look at Sophos ( http://www.sophos.com/ ). It was the only one I found in my testing to not destroy Windows filesystem performance when real-time scanning was enabled and to have no discernable impact when real-time scanning was disabled. (Symantec, McAfee, AVG and Avast all hurt disk performance quite a bit, EVEN when disabled, merely by being installed. F-secure was the only other I found to not harm disk performance when installed but inactive.) Sophos also has a decent enterprise management console. No connection, other than as a customer. Why do you think this would have adverse selection against the top of the pool? I can clearly see how it would act a barrier to application for the bottom candidates (a good thing for the company), and I can see how it would reduce the number of applicants who are applying "everywhere they can think of" (also probably good for the company in terms of getting a more qualified [in the sales-conversion-rate sense] base of applicants). In my experience, the very top of the applicant pools aren't applying to a particularly large number of places. Who's to say that Evan only resigned via this communication to the team? Presumably, as an honorable individual he resigned to management privately, and then in addition sent a mail to the team stating the facts of his resignation, thanking them and wishing them well. That's the classy way to go about it. If that was the first communication he had with Mahalo about his resignation, bad on him. Given my perception of Jason (as a douche-nozzle leach/blight on the internet), it wouldn't surprise me at all if he tried to portray it as if that was the first and only communication from Evan to Mahalo and that Evan was somehow the bad guy here. Employees quit. Get the F over it, and don't extend your reputation as a petulant out-for-number-one dickhead. I also watched the wikileaks video, and went Army ROTC to pay for college. I'm not particularly pro-military (though I respect them deeply and thank them everytime I see one), nor bloodthirsty, but if I were in a situation where I honestly believed that insurgents were carrying AK-47s and an RPG and represented a threat to my ground troops comrades, as evidenced by actual small arms fire minutes earlier, I would hope that I would find it within myself to fly the chopper and/or operate the cannon or Hellfire missiles so as to most effectively neutralize the threat to my brothers-in-arms. I don't get the sense that the helicopter crew thinks they did something spectacularly good overall, but rather than they did their jobs and protected the lives of their fellow soldiers on the ground. Even the comment about "well, that's their fault for bringing their kids to a war" has merit, IMO. If you don't want to be shot, don't go where insurgents are openly carrying weapons and firing on US troops... Yes, war is tribal and brutal and messy/disturbing, but the things we ask of our young men and women are precisely those things that we're often unwilling to go to personally do. As a result, I believe we owe them our intellectual, emotional and political support, and when they do something that "we wouldn't have done" from the comfort of our climate controlled and eminently safe offices, that we need to cut them some slack. Watch that wikileaks video; I defy anyone to say that's a camera and not an RPG in the company of those carrying AK-47s in an area where our troops are taking small arms fire. I have a baby daughter and it ripped my heart out to listen to the ground units' reports of the injured children, but that doesn't make the Apache crew monsters. They acted reasonably (in my opinion) and consistently with the rules of engagement. If you have a beef with those RoE, that's fine, but your beef is not, IMO, with the heli crew. (I realize that the immediate parent poster is not saying it's their fault.) Your last point is what makes a market. If the oil is worth more to the Chinese than it is to American oil companies, the Saudis ought to sell it to them; whether you're Saudi, Chinese or American, capitalism works the same. "1 year of experience, repeated 7 times" is not the same thing as "7 years experience" in my book, and from the heat his original post generated, it's not clear that everyone agrees. In general, if it has a plug on it, it's considered a "demand load" not a "continuous load" as far as the NEC is concerned. Hair dryer, slow cooker, electric space heater, etc are all demand loads and can use 100% of the rated ampacity. Edit: Source: Article 100 of NEC Except that to close out a short, you are the buyer, not the seller. Would society benefit if the output of that company were 25% more costly? Let's say that the company sells a serving of food for $4, or clothing or clean water or some other neccessity of life, which would go up by 25% to account for the need of that company to feed 25% more mouths. Suppose company A (your exemplar company) raises its prices from $4 to $5 and company B holds its price constant at $4 (and maybe works its staff 50 hours a week). Which company would you expect to be more successful in the marketplace? Which company would you expect would ultimately employ more people over time? I'd bet on company B. Mercedes had a crash during a demonstration of Distronic a few years back as well: http://www.mbworld.org/forums/w211-amg/128286-distronic-demo... I interned at Mercedes's advanced vehicle group in college. The culture was very safety conscious and the bias in developing driver aids was "Minimize the chance that your system will cause or increase the severity of collisions as compared to if your system wasn't there." Right, because if you happen to not get into MIT, all of your high school preparatory effort was entirely wasted. (MIT alum here, but there's nothing all that singularly unique about MIT in my book. I'm glad I was able to go, but I also realize (claim?) that most people who would be successful at MIT will be successful wherever they go, and that MIT is likely a rounding error in their success. MIT doesn't turn lead applicants into gold graduates.) The math can't possibly work out that way (or your school isn't attempting to report anything remotely useful as a GPA). Get straight Bs and take 4 AP classes or 8 honors classes over your 4-year career and get a 4.0? I call BS. Wow. You are correct, and I apologize for calling BS on you. That system is appalling. I call BS on your school system... :) Debt is senior to equity, so in the event the company went basically sideways and ended up being closed down, holding legitimate debt puts you in front of, for example, angel investors holding equity. In the success or spectacular failure case, I can't see that it gives any advantage. (In fact, in the losing case, you would presumably have to pay taxes on the salary you never received and then might get different/worse tax treatment on the bad debt. Even in the winning case, you'd pay payroll taxes and FICA on the "phantom" salary.) You mean 'TPS Reports' I presume? AFAIK, the Visa agreement says that you can't charge more for using Visa. "3% discount for cash" is very common still, common enough that Visa would be able to find out about it and stop it if their agreement permitted it. My close familiarity is with light aircraft, such as my 2-axis autopilot-equipped Skylane. In nav-coupled mode, my airplane can fly the cruise portion of the flight essentially unaided, though I obviously don't just take a nap until we get there. In a slow aircraft, you have plenty of time to get bored and have your attention wander off, so I use a 15-minute timer and every radio call directed at me as a trigger to monitor how well I'm managing the flight. Are there times that I've had those triggers clue me in that I was "screwing up"? Absolutely. Have I used that as a trigger to land and sleep, eat, or just walk around to refresh myself? At times. That said, I believe that every pilot who has done any amount of travel in their airplane has had the experience of screwing something up from diverted/divided attention. Whether it's busting an altitude or airspace assignment, transmitting on the wrong frequency, or simply missing several radio calls, it happens. My point of view is that the autopilot is important improvement in safety, especially in clouds or an abnormal situation, and I wouldn't want to add a system that requires additional button-pushing from the pilots that might compromise safety in a critical situation where the autopilot is providing meaningful off-load from the pilot. Aircraft and lives have been lost over trivial distractions in the past. I just submitted a solution. I believe that one can tell "has this person written a non-trivial amount of C code?" from 15 seconds glancing at their answer in your peripheral vision. I agree that it can be solved essentially the same way in many languages, but the idiomatic Erlang solution will look a lot different than the idiomatic C solution. Edit: After reading some of the code posted here and linked from here, perhaps I don't have the same sense as others of what the idiomatic C solution is either. This should be interesting to read the followup posts by RoG. You're missing the needed printf("\n"); at the end of the loop. Elegant solution, but fails to meet the problem specification. And unfortunately, some of those totally unhirable people have good-looking resumes. Often because they've had PLENTY of time to work on their resume and plenty of feedback on what works and doesn't (for small values of "works") As an engineer for a decade and a half (turned tech manager, now), I used to have that same feeling. I believe that's because until you work with a competent marketing group, there's an awful lot of "Dilbert marketing department" evident. And truly competent marketing groups are only slightly more plentiful than unicorns, IME. Work alongside a good marketing team however, and it's night and day. I think that they have in many cases more interesting problems, especially in the context of growing a startup. How can you tell a good marketing department? They're smart, able and willing to do math, are willing to be data and metrics driven and can't comprehend it could work any other way. If someone says to you "math has no place in marketing", you don't want to work with that marketing department. Financial services firms are FULL of Vice Presidents. At Merrill Lynch, we had a 23-year old, 2 years out of school who was an Assistant VP and many mid/late-20s engineers as VPs. [Almost] All of us wrote code all day long. (BofA has since purchase MER, long after I left.) I'm surprised at the complaining about the $3 price. If something saves me 2 minutes of time, or makes my life the least bit more enjoyable, I'm more than happy to pay $3 for it. That's less than adding bacon and cheese to 2 hamburgers, a coffee out, or a 6 pack of coke. It's a truly trivial amount of money, and if you'd otherwise like the application, not buying it because it's "too expensive" astounds me. (I have no connection to this app, its author, or any iPhone authors for that matter) Looks like this is it: http://graphicpeel.com/cssiosicons There are several other sources of barriers. Network effects is one; goodwill/brand is another; execution/operational excellence, etc. Think about Ebay, Paypal, Facebook, Amazon. The vast majority of what they do is pretty far from rocket science. (By that, I mean a startup could create a technically credible competitor for their core business.) However, those companies have erected enormous barriers to entry in the form of network effects, brand/trust [of buyers], network effects, and brand/breadth/operational excellence. I don't agree. I've got more than 2 years of take-home pay in "savings" (non-tax advantaged accounts) plus a bunch in 401(k), and I still don't feel the luxury of telling my boss to go stick it. (I also have expensive hobbies and 2 kids under 2 years old.) To me, I don't have FYM, despite meeting your threshold 8x over. It would not be easy for me to replace my current income at another job. (I'm 7+ years here, know our tech and business inside and out, and am paid pretty fairly for that, but that doesn't mean that I have nearly the same value to another company, something that headhunters who call have a hard time grasping when I tell them my comp range.) For those interested in the topic, here's some more from an ejection of an F-16C Air Force Thunderbird (#6) at an Idaho airshow in 2003. (Not only cool pics, but a bit about the technology as well.) http://www.ejectionsite.com/thunderbird6.htm Your last is one reason for the microprint on the bills. You can't upsample "into" microprint, except on CSI/NCIS type TV shows... Many reasons why it would make sense from a consumer point of view, but only a couple (mostly fairly weak) reasons why it makes sense for Amazon to do it. (Maybe #2, #6, #8 [a repeat of #2], #11 [a repeat of #2 an #8], and the only compelling one is #13 and #14 [really the same].) A list of 15 "reasons" that boils down to about one and a half. Amazon is killing the category; even if they are going to buy them, why not let B&N flail longer and buy them for pennies on the dollar instead of quarters? The first line said it best: "This is all about the money" As it should be, and because of that, there's no reason for Amazon to pounce, IMO. While I don't disagree with your main point, there is another question just under the surface: Is the method by which you're distributing sessions into your tests somehow biased? I'm going to call A' the "new" (but identical) test, and A the original test. If you've been running A for a long time, and now add A', what is the chance that the visitor populations between A and A' will be different enough to drive statisically significant differences that are population-related rather than test-content-related? Put slightly differently: If your returning session conversion rate is higher than your first session conversion rate, you will need to take some pains to ensure that each of the tests is getting a fair shake at the traffic. In many cases, that means ending test A, and creating a new test a and a' such that neither a nor a' has an advantage. It's easy to ASSume that there is no meaningful test bias, while the reality is that it's quite easy to have test bias creep in. Presumably most of us are adding value by a mix of activities and not just merely by typing. You can work during the forced downtime. That said, such software would drive me insane. One could, but I think part of being a good app developer is understanding how people use the platform. Just like Boeing needs pilots, Ford needs drivers, etc. Imagine trying to develop a web application if you only used a browser on your own development and production website (ie: that you otherwise "left it on your desk") If your frame of reference is an economy coach ticket, if you say "it's more expensive to fly private", you'll almost never be wrong. (Your economy coach ticket is heavily subsidized by the first-class and other full-fare tickets.) If your frame of reference is a first-class or full-fare business class ticket, I can often beat or near the airlines on both cost and door-to-door time. (If the keys to the plane are in your pocket, there's no getting there an hour ahead, dealing with the parking garage, the TSA theater, maybe a delay on takeoff for crew or aircraft availability or ATC/ground holds, perhaps changing planes, waiting at baggage claim, etc. Plus, I can often start and end the flight much closer to the "doors" I want to be at, leave my shoes on and carry 4 oz of gel deodorant in my bag if I want.) As to "that's worth it", I bought a Cessna 182/Skylane (4 seat, single-engine, 160 mph high-wing) a little over 12 years ago, and have flown it for business travel as well as most of our in-US, east of the Mississippi, personal travel, as well as a few trips west of the Mississippi. It costs me under $2/mile on average, and the direct operating cost (aka marginal cost: the cost of an incremental trip within a year) is just under $1/mile. If I had to, I'd pay 2x what flying actually costs me without thinking about it. If you want to travel in your aircraft (as opposed to just going flying), I'd suggest you take the traditional route and go all the way to the private pilot's license. Far fewer restrictions, and if you enjoy flying anyway all of the "extra" time is hardly wasted. IMO, there are too many restrictions on LSA/recreational pilot's certificate to make it usable to actual go places with 3 friends, etc. It's nice to be able to fly into BWI for an Orioles game, or fly up the Hudson River at night, cross Central park and Laguardi tower and head out on course over the Whitestone bridge. I think it's great that the FAA created the easier licenses, but I don't think they are practical for travelling. Used airplanes are reasonably cheap now, and loans and insurance are easy to get. (Most airplanes are made of aluminum and have nearly infinite lifespans, with avionics, engine/props, interior and paint being replaceable items over the life of the plane. Think of a 30-year old airplane as much more like a 30-year old office building than a 30-year old car in terms of "acceptable to rely on". They're inspected annually [or ever 100 flight hours for rentals/commercial usage], and no reason a 30+ year old plane wouldn't be perfectly reasonable.) Living in Cambridge, MA and having read the zoning by-laws here, I believe the intent is two-fold: 1. To control density of housing to preserve the character of the various neighborhoods. We have very high-density housing areas (small triple-deckers with minimal yards) as well as other neighborhoods with large single family detached housing and large (for a city) yards. The former has much lower off-street parking requirements than the latter, and I think for good reason. A city should ideally have housing stock suitable for a range of income and wealth levels, and putting the onus of providing off-street parking onto the inexpensive housing drives up the cost. Let that stock optimize for less convenient but more affordable and "force" the more expensive housing stock to provide some or all of its own parking demand on-site. Absent this regulation, you might find less expensive housing projects without on-site parking being proposed next to expensive SFH sites and you'd start to lose the appeal [and value] of the old neighborhoods with their single-family homes. (Think of a restaurant with every other table as the smoking section.) 2. Indirectly, this regulation slows the growth rate of demand for on-street parking, which can be tremendous in some of our neighborhoods. Suppose that you were a long-time resident of an established neighborhood with moderately tight parking. Would you prefer that the new condo high-rise a block away be required to provide on-site/off-street parking, or would you happily back the project knowing that an extra 100 cars would be coming to your neighborhood once completed? The regulations are largely a codification of the above, as the voters are the incumbent residential property owners and not the land developers. (As a libertarian, I will also observe that there doesn't need to be a market failure to create regulation, but in this case even I have to admit that some good comes from the regulation, even though I now have to waste time reading the by-laws to determine what type of garage structure I'm permitted to build on my own property.) I got an iPhone, and decided never to buy any iThing ever again. So, I assume that you'll be buying competing devices from other vendors for your future computing, mobile phone and portable media consumption needs? If you answered yes, THAT is what makes Apple a non-monopoly. First Gen MR2s are definitely fun (and cool/quirky looking), but I sure wouldn't call them "fast". The NA cars are 0-60 in the mid/high 8s and standing quarter mile well over 16 seconds. The average 2010 soul-less imported sedan will easily show its taillights to a 1986 MR2 in a stop-light grand prix (and most will give the MRS2 a good run). Concrete suggestions: 1. Accept profiling as a legitimate tactic. 2. Open up the airports closed to general aviation post-9/11. 3. Reduce the time spent outside the secure area, partially for the convenience and efficient use of passenger's time, but more importantly to prevent the massing of people in a confined space, subject to attack by trivially prepared terrorists. You could do a signficant amount of damage in the average security line, and your preparation required would be measured in hours or days, not months/years. With a poison gas attack, you wouldn't even have to die yourself, though perhaps that misses the point for some terrorists? Frankly, keeping the guns and knives confined to checked baggage, and making it possible to get from Boston to NYC door to door faster than the train, and you're on to something. I believe we've gotten to the point where we're exposing the travelling public to a higher rather than lower level of risk by the current security measures. This one's most certainly a law: FAR 91.21 http://www.risingup.com/fars/info/part91-21-FAR.shtml It was written back in 1961 when the primary means of navigation was high-frequency omni-directional radio beacons, and from a technological standpoint is very likely to not be necessary. However, it is the law of the land and neither Virgin nor the flight crew is interested in sticking their necks (and certificates) out so that you can use your laptop below 10K feet. Most air carriers have adopted a policy ref 91.21.b.5 that permits the use of approved electronic devices for the portion of the flight above 10K feet. On most flights, you'll hear a random single chime [same sound as the seatbelt chime] a few minutes after takeoff; that's the pilot letting the cabin crew know that the aircraft is climbing through 10,000 and the cabin crew will then make the annoucement that approved PEDs can be used. I agree entirely with your last point, but if the unemployed/unemployable are not finding work in the private sector and are thus doing public works, displacing the current public employees into the private sector seems unlikely to result in them being fully employed/employable as well, right? It's not like the job-for-life public sector folk are the cream of the crop, in aggregate. Headline omits a critical piece of info. Semi-trucks can do the headline claim easily, provided the driver is male and from Washington state. It may take them 250 gallons to do it... And to the "Mall Rated" badges: (not from Jeep, obviously) http://www.google.com/images?q=mall+rated Partially true. While you can't directly test for frustration or confusion, what you can test for is the important (to your business) effects of that frustration or confusion. Higher bounce rates, lower conversion, changes in dominant navigation path, lower average order value, etc. can be determined from A/B or multi-variate testing, and a lot of companies are much less interested in whether a user is confused than they are in whether any potential confusion is causing a reduction in CR% or AOV. If the article's rant had argued "A/B or MV testing is a hill-climb and incremental changes backed only by test data virtually assures you'll find a local maxima, but only a daring design decision is capable of moving you to a different, higher, hill," I'd be more inclined to agree. As it stands, it reads to me like a designer who is frustrated by not being able to scratch his own personal itches, without regard to the underlying business results: http://www.artlebedev.com/mandership/140/ Many people are casting Groupon as a "partner", not as an advertising vendor, which is all I think they really are. A partner may understand my business and be in a position to help me improve it. A vendor is not. When I buy yellow pages ads, AdWords, or direct mail postcards, I don't expect my supplier to give me advice on my business. Why should Posie's expect Groupon to give them financial advice? There's little need for your bank to double-check with you for credit cards, IMO. In fact, in the few instances where my bank has checked with me, it's been a pain in the ass. (Travelling or otherwise making unusual purchases.) If you don't agree to pay a merchant, you dispute the charge after the fact and the onus is on the merchant to prove that you agreed to that amount and that they delivered the product/service satisfactorily, etc. In 2 decades, I've probably disputed 5 or 6 charges. In every case, it took less than 15 total minutes of time, and averaged under 10. So, in 2 decades, I've spent an hour dealing with credit card issues that smartphones might solve. And believe me, I'm not shy about using the plastic, averaging $30K+ per year in purchases on the card to get the 1% cash back. I'm just not sure I care about better security for my CC information, and I'm sure I'm not alone... A significant portion of the poor are taxed well below 15% on a average basis, with a non-trivial fraction below 0%. I'd be hard-pressed (as would you) to concoct a "poor" person's tax return with an average rate of roughly 30-40%. It's probably higher than most people think (which is scary for their retirement prospects, but otherwise great). If you're 70 in the US right now, you're a favorite to see 80. http://www.ssa.gov/OACT/STATS/table4c6.html From the original article, which you may not have actually read: "My wife has school loans of nearly $250,000 and I do too" They made the investment in their education and future with borrowed funds, just as I (and many others) have. It's not like he broke $500K off some trust fund he was born with... Joe's point was that your mom's kitchen is neither licensed nor inspected by the state. Yet, she served you baked goods out of that kitchen. The false implication that unlicensed == unsafe is what he was commenting on. If they were safe enough for you to eat, they're probably safe enough for me to eat, regardless of whether she has a seal from the state. I think a lot of the academic discounts are an attempt to get lock-in and thus maximize profits over time. If a budding artist gets used to Creative Suite (because it's cheap for them), or a new coder gets a cheap Mac, or a mechanic student gets a discount on SnapOn tools, all of those have a likely impact on their future purchases. McDs doesn't have to make a profit on that $1 burger. They'll make plenty of profit on the $1.50 soda or $2 fries that they sell alongside it. If you were a recruiter, how could you be sure the 200 people that you're investing (time/energy) in are "really good"? I have a recruiter who placed me back in 1997, placed several excellent ex-co-workers into that same job, and whom I've continued to use (as a hiring manager) over the years and whose emails/calls I faithfully respond to when he's looking for help placing or sourcing (outside of my current company). So, the model you're describing can definitely work, but if you try it with 200 "duds", you'll have a much harder row to hoe. The people who can't accurately identify talent may be far better served with their current one-shot shotgun methods. Yes, it would, but you might be better served to rethink your app design to return multiple result sets, and/or do most of the relevant joining/filtering on the database, even if your DB is We run a good sized e-commerce site (Alexa top 1000; barely) and our ratio of DB queries per dynamic page is right around 2.5:1. You might not be able to get your query-per-page ratio into that range, but hundreds is certainly too many, IMO. Even "dozens" would be cause for concern, IMO. Moving your webfarm to a different datacenter than your DB is going to shine a spotlight on that problem, but even without that spotlight, you still have a problem. PS: Even with pushing that amount of work to the DB, we have almost the inverted ratio of web servers to DB servers as you report. Unless you have some inside information, it's hard to say if they were undercharging for their service. Without knowing what their overhead was like I don't think it's fair to say that the service was underpriced. Why should they charge their customers some kind of fair margin over their costs? If they save a customer $2000 of development time/effort/risk and charge them $99 per month, what does it matter if their costs are $10, $100 or $1000? Knowing whether or not I'm getting $99 of value from them does not in any way depend on knowing anything about their costs (other than being sure that their costs are covered so I won't have an emergency on my hands when they go belly-up). Just because they can charge a lot for something doesn't mean they should. If that maximizes their profit, it kind of does, IMO. I think that far too many startups are underpricing their offering rather than overpricing. Disclaimer: I'm not a customer of theirs and hadn't even heard of them until yesterday. I look at it this way: most startups have more than enough work, and not enough hours in the day to accomplish it all and therefore should be concentrating on solving the things that are absolutely core/critical to their product/service. Those are the things that your customers find valuable (and will give you money for). Anything that's "undifferentiated slog" that you sort of have to do in order to exist, but that your customers don't give a fig about should be eliminated, reduced, outsourced or purchased if that saves you time to spend on what they do care about. Are you selling the box or the chocolates: http://forio.com/resources/article/the-pitfalls-of-outsourci... ? sokoloff.ww.com -> www.sokoloff.com Interesting post, but I'm not sure that Microsoft users/developers is a particularly good example of a two-sided market. What percentage of Windows users chose Windows "because there are so many developers"? (I'm sure many developers develop for Windows because of the vast number of users.) They're not "skimping on paying taxes", IMO. They're arranging their affairs in such a [legal] way as to maximize the return to their shareholders, which is the fiduciary duty of a public company. The global competition in taxation is a good thing, IMO. Am I exploiting a loop hole by deducting my mortgage interest? Am I exploiting a loop hole by deciding to hold an investment an extra day so as to get long-term capital gains treatment? Am I exploiting a loop hole by buying a computer or washing machine on "state sales tax holiday weekend"? Maybe you'd argue that I am, but I believe that I'm just reacting rationally to the incentives offered. (There might be a valid government reason to encourage home ownership, long-term investing, or to spur local purchases in the economy. Must I ignore the incentives to act in a way that governments have decided to encourage? If not, why is it different for GOOG?) "Anyone may arrange his affairs so that his taxes shall be as low as possible; he is not bound to choose that pattern which best pays the treasury. There is not even a patriotic duty to increase one's taxes. Over and over again the Courts have said that there is nothing sinister in so arranging affairs as to keep taxes as low as possible. Everyone does it, rich and poor alike and all do right, for nobody owes any public duty to pay more than the law demands." Judge Learned Hand, 1935 How about corporate loop holes of the form "We'll give you a tax break [or low interest loan, or other incentive] for the next 10 years if you agree to locate some of your operations here, with the understanding that you'll be employing XX people here over the next 5 years"? The jurisdiction offering that "loop hole" is encouraging what many people would agree is beneficial behavior (encouraging local employment). The jurisdictions standing to lose that (current or prospective) employer may see it as unwelcome competition, but I'd rather permit jurisdictions to compete freely, such that each local government can tailor its services and governance/taxation as it believes will best serve its consituent population. Beyond simply believing that such a system is "proper" and "right", I don't think any other system is "stable". Should California be able to dictate that Nevada CANNOT pass a certain type of law or adopt a certain taxation structure? Should they be able to do the same to Ireland? If so, under what theory of law or even theory of basic fairness? Relational DB changes don't have to be particular show-stoppers, provided you're willing to accept a few constraints: 1. No select * in SQL; name your columns in selects and inserts (prevents the select result set from changing or the insert from breaking when you add a column later) 2. All tables need table aliases in join queries. (Otherwise, adding a column can cause a naming collision and introduce ambiguity into a presently non-ambiguous select.) 3. Transactional columns can be added, provided they have defaults or are nullable 4. Columns can only be dropped in two releases, one to remove all references to them and the second to actually remove. (You may want to rename the column first during the second release and drop it a few minutes/hours later once you're sure no one is relying on it.) 5. Modifying a column requires some care (to insure that you don't lock the table too long during the modification). Here again, you can probably add a column of a different name, gradually populate it, then rename into place later, add a new table and left outer join to that, or wait for a future downtime event (rarely required in practice). It's not necessarily "trivial" to accomplish, but it's also not deep, black magic. If you release the new code only after the DB changes are complete, the new code doesn't need to be backwards compatible. The above guidelines are designed to provide no-change to the queries the old code is running, so that should be possible to accomplish for 95+% of your migrations. For truly long-running migrations (longer than you're willing to wait to push code), you're correct that the new code must handle both cases. In our case, that's extremely rarely a factor, but we also don't push on every commit (nor even every day) like some shops do. I took 737 mini (two day) ground school about 10 years ago. I believe the commercial jets' main electrical buses are 3-phase 110/200 volt 400Hz AC, created by the starter-generators on the turbines. It's relatively straightforward to tap across two of the terminals and get 110VAC, but it'll be at 400Hz, meaning not everything designed for 110VAC/60Hz will be able to handle it. (Also, some older private aircraft, such as mine, use a 12VDC standard.) IANAL either, but I could imagine many structures that would allow for the effect the holding company would want. Pay a company for distribution and logistics expertise and make that transfer-pricing arrangement profitable for the logistics company. Then, what profit remains goes to the company owning the patent on the drug (and the liability). The parent company could hold limited partnership stakes, convertible bond and/or options with a fixed term (which might be conveniently the same length as the patent term). If the drug "survives" 17 or 20 years without significant lawsuits, call in the options and claim your equity. If the drug explodes and tanks the discovering company, the parent company holds options, bonds or LP shares that are now worthless. Still, they're in business. Aluminum (in most alloys) loses significant strength in the 400-500*F range. By 600F, Al alloys are very weak. http://www.burnsstainless.com/yieldstrength.aspx I didn't know Luke or his family, but as a private pilot and father/husband, this story saddens me for the non-zero possibility that my own wife and kids would be left in a similar situation. Because different people grieve in different ways, and I suspect a non-zero number of "us" will want to know more about the incident, I offer the following two resources, not for macabre voyeurism, but for those who want to perhaps understand more of the technical details. I know that these sites have been helpful to me in the (fortunately very few) times in the past when I've lost pilot friends of mine. The FAA site will likely have the basic data posted tomorrow: http://www.faa.gov/data_research/accident_incident/prelimina... The NTSB will have a preliminary report in a few days, and a final report will be months in coming: http://www.ntsb.gov/ntsb/AccList.asp?month=10&year=2010 If those resources are helpful to just one person close to Luke and family, it was worth the 5 minutes it took to post this. Don't take advice on your high-performance, flat tappet camshaft break-in from the Economist anymore than you'd take global economic advice from Car and Driver. Cam break-in on flat tappet systems is not a mysterious process. Use the right assembly lube, fire the engine and don't let it idle but instead run it up to 2500 RPMs and vary the RPMs for the first 15 minutes, and if you're anal (or the flat-tappet engine is in an aircraft), cut open and inspect the oil filter media at the oil change. Implying that a poorly made or improperly broken in camshaft is failing in 300 miles because of new oil additive packages makes me question why the Economist is publishing poor articles on fringe motoring topics. Improper assembly, pre-lube or engine start of fresh rebuilds has been wiping cam lobes for 6+ decades now. PS: For infrequently used engines with flat tappet, splash-oiled cams, use CamGuard: http://www.aslcamguard.com/ It's not cheap ($26 a pint or so), but it's well regarded in the piston aircraft world (where light airplanes frequently sit for weeks at a time, unlike your daily driver, but very much like your occassional usage of a 60s Mustang). I'd wager that people you see with "small sites, forums and blogs that can't scale easily to small numbers using relational DBs" are doing something wrong and they're probably going to have a long road in the NoSQL world as well. Just because you can make a query return the result set you want doesn't mean you've written the right query/schema design. I assure you that there are plenty of performant sites running quite well on traditional SQL solutions that are FAR, FAR larger than those small blogs serving small traffic numbers that are having issues. Is it just me, or are other people also annoyed by the incorrect usage of "2.8 times faster than the wind"? The actual speed record is 27.7 mph in a wind of 10 mph. That's 1.77 times faster than the wind, not 2.77 times faster. (It's impressive and cool as hell; I'm not quibbling with that...) Thanks for sharing. This article inspired me to buy the newer model scanner (S1500) and hope to tame some of the paper sprawl in my life. If it cuts down even 1/3 of it or makes information retrieval (by searching) at all easier, it's well worth $410 from Newegg! How much time do you have? :) Great resources: http://www.cocoontech.com (forum dedicated to exactly your question) http://www.charmedquark.com (the software package I chose to buy, though there are many others) There's also some coverage on AVScience, but cocoontech has largely taken over, IMO. I hear a common theme that I've seen among tech folks (and probably a theme that I subscribed to early in my career). If Jim "made it happen", he has actually earned some of that praise. As a good manager, his very next step should be to transmit and amplify that praise so that Bob also can bask in it, but also to educate/remind Susan that Jim has an entire team that is delivering behind the scenes. It's quite effective to accomplish both of those in one communication (when praise is in email form), by forwarding on to Bob, cc'ing Susan, adding his own praise and reminding Susan (in the clear) that Bob is the one who actually did the programming. I don't believe that there's some natural conservation of credit/recognition. By sharing as above, Jim doesn't reduce his standing in Susan's eyes, because from her point of view, it's still Jim that "made it happen" and he's being gracious in recognizing his team. Bob now sees the praise that he's earned, may realize that Jim probably added some value along the way, and even if Bob is hardcore "only coding matters", at least Jim has set the record straight. When done even halfway well, I don't think that pattern results in employees leaving over recognition. http://www.dilbert.com/fast/1995-05-22/ For 36 years, Dr. Freeman has studied a group of 210 British children - some gifted, most not. In her new book, Gifted Lives, she concluded that, of the 20 identified as gifted, only six went on to adult lives that matched the potential of their early promise (one is a successful opera singer; another runs a hedge fund.) I would think that 6 out of 20 is statistically significantly higher than any control group of their peers. Sure, that means 14 of 20 didn't, but how many of the 190 not identified as gifted went on to similar levels of achievement? For parity, the answer would be 57. I'd wager the actual answer is no more than 1, with the most likely answer being 0. It's not that being labelled as gifted as a pre-teen is some kind of express ticket punch to fame, fortune and Easy Street. How could it be? You've only spent 8 maybe 9 years not soiling yourself at that point. There will be strife and challenge along the way, and not everyone will rise above those challenges, for a variety of internal or external reasons. I'd still prefer to be in the 20 rather than the 190. (Background: in a US program run by Johns Hopkins(SMPY-CTY), I was so identified @11, and while, in the subsequent 28 years, I may not have become an opera singer or run a hedge fund, I've done OK. I'll also observe that some of my past was very easy, other portions were fairly difficult. I could have achieved more, but I could also have acheived way, way less.) He'll be taking content by scraping other startup conferences and pretend to add value by re-presenting it. While I agree in theory with #1 & #2, there's a very real element of danger there. Many places will only provide a reference for start date, end date and title/position. If you self-grant and put "Lead Architect" on your resume and your reference check comes back with "No, that wasn't his title. His title the whole time was Senior SWE.", how's that going to look? If you want to choose your own title, and you've been doing good work for your current company, propose a new title/role for yourself. To the OP: if you want to find ways to have a bigger influence, but you don't want any stink of management to get on your hands, you may have a long road ahead. While you don't necessarily need to formally lead (and review, set comp, etc) as a career manager, you're probably going to have to do things that look a lot like management of one form or another: technical, project, career/people, or a mix. It's hard to have a significantly larger impact without doing something beyond individual contributor work. Similarly (though sort of in the opposite direction), I was shocked to see that 32% of respondents reported that "Premarital sex is wrong" I would have expected about half of that, at most. How does #3 reduce the national debt? The debt includes the amount the government owes on those bonds. Private millionaires buying more of them provides liquidity to the government, but doesn't actually reduce its debt. Normally that would get down-voted to oblivion here, but since the name of the company in question is Epic Data Recovery Labs, I gave you an upvote. (It only took you back to 0 though...) Thoughtful comment, but there's a practical problem with your last point: how can YOU (as a hiring manager at this "some smarter company") effectively filter through the enormous set of screened-out candidates that Google rejected and find those productive, creative misfits that you want to interview/hire out of the teeming throng of vocational misfits? Of the people actively applying for jobs at any given point in time, the "truly excellent" are under-represented as compared to the total population of programmers. I'm not a Joel fan boy, but I think http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2005/01/27.html states this problem more clearly than I can in a few paragraphs on HN. I would encourage people like yourself to put enough information your HN profile that you can be reached for networking purposes by other HN readers. Many of us may be in a position to offer interviews for non-suck jobs or pointers towards same, that we aren't going to post in open comments to the entire HN community, but would send targetted to the email in your HN profile. If you are shy or anti-marketing, you may need to work just a little harder in mediums you are comfortable with to network. (This isn't directed at you specifically, MC.) You now have location there (which turns out to be fairly close to one of our facilities) but no contact information, so I still can't reach out to you. If you're extremely uncomfortable listing an email address (or lisp form that evaluates to one or something similar), you can reach out to me based on my profile, but I'd really urge you to list some contact information in your profile, even if it's a throwaway account that you can easily walk away later from if the volume becomes overwhelming. If you're reaching out to me, add "HackerNews" in the subject line, please. A 172 will recover from an upright (non-inverted, non-flat) spin by simply centering the flight controls and waiting. Anti-spin inputs (power idle, center controls, opposite rudder, elevator down) make the recovery much quicker, but I was taught (and shown) that if you don't know which rudder to use to stop the spin, to just center the controls and the 172 will stop spinning on its own. Disclaimer: I'm just a pilot and not a CFI; if you go spin one into a smoking crater following procedures other than the book, don't blame me, etc. Also note that you can get the best of both worlds with a battery backed RAM cache contained in a SAN storage backend, such that the storage subsystem can be extremely low latency and yet "guarantee" that what it has accepted will get persisted to a disk for durability. (Predictably, this isn't cheap, but it's very effective.) Your DB host tells the SAN to write this block, the SAN ingests the write to local RAM and reports "got it" to the DB server in sub-millisecond. The SAN will then dump that data to actual underlying discs over the next (hand-wavy) short timeframe, but from the DB's perspective, it got a durable fsync in under a millisecond. I don't mean to sound negative, but if someone had the skills and inclination to "finish" your work for 50% of the net, why wouldn't they just go build it themselves for 100%? I don't think it's necessarily a bad idea, but I can't see why someone else would work on it to completion and "cut you in" for 50%? Was it successful for Netscape the company, or for the eventual users (MANY years later) of Firefox? I agree with you on the latter, but the decision makers at Netscape need[ed] to be concerned about the former. I'm not a basecamp user, but if $24/mo is make-or-break, I'm not sure how much you believe in the startup. I'm not saying you must blindly buy crap or else you don't believe, but if Basecamp is working for you, I'd pay the money instead of burning time on finding a substitute. (Said differently: what is your time worth to investigate and to port your data over the new system and/or to live with the losses while you have two systems of record?) Your argument in #2 seems to imply the potential for a different quality (higher in some dimension of quality) of candidate to now apply to YC. Assuming that's true, it's strictly positive for YC. I suspect that the profile of applications that YC gets are 1-3% "We should definitely interview this team" (bucket 1), 75% "these are quick rejections for one (or many) reasons" (bucket 3) and 20-25% that need a deeper read to handle (bucket 2). Even if applications tripled (which I also doubt), a small number of the "extra" applications will fall into the first bucket (and may well be a consequence of #2 above), which may crowd out a few of the applicants in the second bucket who may have gotten interviews and ultimately selected but will now miss the interview cut. Loss for them surely, and maybe a small loss for YC, but one that is being more than offset by the increase in applicants from the first bucket. I think the Start Fund announcement is certainly damaging to the other "competing" programs as it makes it slightly more likely that a "bucket 1" team will apply to YC rather than TechStars et al, probably has harmed other angel investors' prospects slightly, but in the short term is an enormous win for YC and the startups that best fit the YC "mold" (to the extent that there is one). But I'm still a little confused by the collective hand-wringing that's going on in the last 72 hours. It's not like the Start Fund has cornered the market here. Anyone else could come along and say they'll match or could do it with Tech Stars or any of a number of other responses. I think that Yuri is being especially bold (some would read as reckless) and that's naturally going to cause some disruption. I don't view that as bad, unless my own application to YC S11 is a "bucket 2" application that is now de-selected for interviewing, an outcome that I view as a quite realistic possibility, but even then I have to say that it caused YC to select for "better" applicants, and I need to dust myself off, pull on my big boy pants and get back to working on it. I'm a little unconvinced based only on the data/graph shown. It appears that the test "Boosting All" got out to an early lead (sometimes statistically invalid if there are "forcing links" that the dev team is generating and I've even seen teams use those links to order/convert, without thinking through the implications of those actions on the data purity [they're honestly just testing to make sure the changes don't break the site, and naturally need to test all the way through; I don't think it's done to intentionally bias results]) I'd want to see the graph just from Jan 21-26, or to see the day-wise, rather than cumulative, graph/data. It looks to me like it's not winning anywhere near 15% on the right 2/3rds of the graph. It changes the game a lot for startups that would fail 4 months in. I don't see any downsides though for YC candidates; I don't subscribe to the idea that getting only the initial seed money from YC is better than having the option of the follow on $150K. If you find yourself in a fair fight, you didn't plan your mission properly. - David Hackworth One application is to allow very fast patching. If we need to patch an issue and our query is in code that will take N minutes to update, perhaps compile, and push out to every web server, it can be a tiny fraction of the time if all you had to do was update the SP in the DB server(s). I can do an alter proc with literally seconds of overhead (beyond the obviously required time to actually change the SQL). If it doesn't work, or makes things worse, I'm seconds away from reverting or taking a second bite at the apple. If your SQL is in the app on your web servers, most places running at any sort of scale can't match that. (as a result of being heavily [99.8%+] SP based, we've had to develop some compensating technology to allow us to do releases without downtime when each release needs its own specific SPs. Solved, but took work. We're also predominantly MS-SQL with limited mySQL, but I doubt that changes much.) As I understand it, their "commission" is closer to 2%, not 20%. The 20% figure you're thinking of is the carry (think a VC-imposed capital gains tax on profits). So, a dollar invested gets the VC 2 cents. A dollar of net profit gets the VC 20 cents. I've written about it briefly before on HN, and it's very beneficial but not proprietary tech. Basically we create a "shim" database containing our app's sprocs, views and functions, and additionally views to the transactional database tables in another database. That means that release N can be pointed at the "real" database, while release N+1 can be pointed at the shim DB and they're both using the same transactional data. You can run both in parallel until you commit to N+1, whereupon you shutdown all N app servers, update the sprocs, views and functions in the main DB, and (optionally) point your web servers back at the main DB. There are a few other details to take care of, but that's the gist of it, and the details are minor, or at least we found them to be. Disclaimer: the above is my experience on MS-SQL at a pretty good sized eCommerce site. Other RDBMSs may not work quite as well, or your app may use heavily features that don't work in "shim mode". The technology throughout the 3 million square-foot facility is connected by 250 miles of fiber optic cable, 6 million feet of copper wiring and 70 wiring closets Argh. Why the pointless adjacent use of two different measures of length? 250 miles of fiber and 1100 miles of copper wiring would have been more communicative, IMO. Getting the termination fees raised to break-even does not make everyone's life suck more. The alternative is to have that $150 increment added to the handset purchase price, which is closer to making everyone's life suck more. There's no free lunch. Somehow you're going to pay the full price for your iPhone. The higher monthly bill and higher early termination fee you're willing to pay, the lower the upfront cost can be, which some would argue is making people's lives better, not worse. I would personally prefer to buy an unsubsidized phone (and have correspondingly lower monthly bills, and a tiny or zero early-term fee), but that's not how the US mobile market works, at least not for the device I prefer, and choice of device is more important to me than choice of contract terms. Selling in the boom and then stopping and doing something else when the boom busts is, to me, evidence of having a knack for getting money. Do you think that a lot of the gains over the last 50/100/300/1000 years came about because societies didn't stand in the way of progress in the name of full employment, exactly as that full employment was practiced the day before? I do. It happens that I'm on a pretty favorable part of the curve (in terms of ability and inclination to "work with computers"), so take my thoughts with as much salt as you think is appropriate, but I'm glad past societies didn't turn their noses up at farming, beer and bread making, writing, indoor plumbing, domesticating animals, stonework, bronze, iron, steel, water wheels, coal/oil/nat gas, electricity, the steam and internal combustion engines, telephony, interchangeable parts and the moving assembly line, automobiles, modern medicine, transistors, integrated circuits, etc. I'm sure that all of those innovations caused some significant amount of displacement amongst the established practioners of the "old way" of doing things. Had societies past decided that that displacement was too costly, the life of today's 99th percentile priveleged person would almost certainly be significantly worse than the life of today's actual 1st percentile (un) priveleged person. Make the code change conditional and push it out off, cookie (or query string or URL) force some users into the new path... If you don't already have an A/B or multi-variate framework in place, first push the no-effect change to the old code to understand that now it needs to be conditional on XX. IMO, adding a new payment provider is a logical evolution. If your intent is to turn the old one off, I still believe it's worth the complexity to run them both until you're sure. Kudos to NYT. I wonder if they've seen their last dollar of advertising from JCP though... It's required by certification standards: 14 CFR 25.335(b) states: (b) Design dive speed, V D. V Dmust be selected so that V C/ M Cis not greater than 0.8 V D/ M D,or so that the minimum speed margin between V C/ M Cand V D/ M Dis the greater of the following values: (1) From an initial condition of stabilized flight at V C/ M C,the airplane is upset, flown for 20 seconds along a flight path 7.5° below the initial path, and then pulled up at a load factor of 1.5 g (0.5 g acceleration increment). The speed increase occurring in this maneuver may be calculated if reliable or conservative aerodynamic data is used. Power as specified in §25.175(b)(1)(iv) is assumed until the pullup is initiated, at which time power reduction and the use of pilot controlled drag devices may be assumed; (2) The minimum speed margin must be enough to provide for atmospheric variations (such as horizontal gusts, and penetration of jet streams and cold fronts) and for instrument errors and airframe production variations. These factors may be considered on a probability basis. The margin at altitude where MCis limited by compressibility effects must not less than 0.07M unless a lower margin is determined using a rational analysis that includes the effects of any automatic systems. In any case, the margin may not be reduced to less than 0.05M. Vc is the maximum operating airspeed and Mc is the maximum operating Mach number. Vd is the dive speed and Md is the dive Mach number. Vc and Mc are called out in an aircraft's Type Certificate Data Sheet. Vd and Md are usually not on the TCDS. So, it's not ham-fisted throttle-jockey joy-riding test pilots, but rather a certification requirement to demonstrate flutter resistance up to the design dive speed. Worry about the "nobody cares enough" problem long before worrying about the "oh crap, too many people care" problem. User apathy, aka "not enough traction" kills far more startups than inability to scale. Pick the ecosystem with which your company will be most efficient and agile, and cross the scaling bridge if you come to it. We've rewritten substantially all parts of our codebase and key infrastructure 2 or 3 times in the last 8 years. You'll get the pleasure of doing the same iff you have users... Most places can take the few minutes of SQL blocking resulting from an index rebuild in standard edition. I know we often jump towards 5 9 solutions, because it feels like the "Right Thing(TM)" to do, but you can afford a lot of episodes of few minutes of blocking for what enterprise edition will cost... (we do run enterprise edition on our needed-by-cash-register DBs) I'm a big fan of MS-SQL, and would encourage people to think about the value of chasing that 4th nine of uptime. It doesn't make sense for most companies, IMO. I think it's @CapsLock In the US, good software engineers or sysengineers get a "senior" title with 2-4 years experience, and probably closer to the 2. So, it's a "senior" position in title only. I think it's likely that your male peers, those who are interested in excellence, are also feeling that same pressure. I'm not suggesting that everything is equal, because it patently isn't, but the constant pressure to exceed the abilities of your peers is common, and I believe is motivating and even healthy. Someone's got to be the best at foo; if foo is important, why should you be the best at it and let others be the best at bar, baaz, quux, etc? I've also obviously made mistakes and while the mistake spotlight is shining in your face, it feels pretty magnified, especially if you're one who has previously earned significant technical respect. For three years, I led the group in our company responsible for post-morteming every production issue, and reporting to our business leadership in a weekly meeting every issue that cost us more than $2000. In all that time, and in the rest of my two decades in the field, I don't think I've ever sensed a whiff of "you made that mistake because of your extra X chromosome..." (unfamiliar with Leah Culver, but will google now) I don't entirely disagree, but I will observe that if you have have to borrow money for a water heater, furnace, toilet, cooktop, refrigerator or similar (because you lack one that works), that's almost certainly a wise thing to do. Same with a car if you need a reliable car to get to (or perform [pizza delivery]) your employment. I don't know that financiers would call that leverage or not, but not all consumer borrowing is irresponsible or even EV-negative. I wouldn't characterize the purchases of items like that on credit as impatience. IMO, do not do this. To me (opinion), this seems like asking your mom to write you a note excusing something for school. You're a big boy (or girl); take responsibility for the issue, because even though the most proximate cause of the outage wasn't within your control, the choice of host and choice of architecture are under your control. If you tell the clients that there was a rare downtime event, that you are working with your technical team to understand and prevent a recurrence, they are less likely to think that's what they should expect if they host with you. As a potential client, I'd rather hear that you take responsibility for ANY issue that happens to my site; passing blame to a third party ISP to make yourself look better today actually makes you look a little weasely IMO. Ditto what mindcrime said about posting examples of your work/abilities if you can. I'm starting a company 4/2 after my last day of full-time work on 4/1, and while I wasn't planning on hiring anyone right away, I do have a fair bit more work that needs doing than I can personally do, so I will be hiring contractors for some of it and if you're a fit, would consider hiring you remotely, assuming your skills matched up and you could handle working remotely (not everyone can). I suspect you'll find a better offer on HN anyway, but if not, reach out to me with some details mid-month, I had a 9 foot wide 1080p setup in my last place (as a home theater). I could do casual work on it (light excel, web surfing for star wars boy or other idiotic YouTube videos, some email), but it wasn't at all suitable for coding or substantial lengths of time reading text. It also required the lights to be out or very dim, which made working with a printed reference very difficult. Looked at another way, the tech is available and certainly cheap enough (and somewhat "obvious"); if it were advantageous, you'd hear about loads of people doing it. The tech has been out for years, and even in the early days they were well under $5000 (way, way under that now). Another thing to note, the bulb projectors dim over time, and the bulb replacement costs are not insignificant if you replace them at the point the picture quality starts to suffer (as opposed to when they completely burn out). Walk into any company conference room and try it out. I predict you'll hate it. You realize that Martin's post was about the "real" YCombinator, not about the ancillary news.yc site? news.yc could be completely overrun by 4chan types and YCombinator itself would still be massively valuable to founders. No. http://ycombinator.com/whynot.html I've witnessed more than one person set out to do something that requires them to have solved the halting problem (without realizing or knowing of it). Basic comp-sci education isn't all the value that some ascribe to it, but it's surely non-zero. Supply and demand is an important factor. If CN demands the services of a developer with experience in the reddit codebase at reddit and the worldwide supply of developers able and willing to supply that need is only Neil, it wouldn't be unreasonable business to give him a raise, short tenure being somewhat irrelevant if that's the situation. Don't imagine for a second that a browser policy change like this would do anything but increase the value and use of cookieless tracking by content delivery networks. I strongly agree with both of your points, at least in theory, but I will also observe that trivially and concretely verifiable derivative indicators (graduated from a "named" school) can be more practically useful than hard/impossible to quickly or concretely verify primary measures ("genuis with lots of creativity"). YC, Sequoia and other VCs are in the business of efficiently finding founders/companies to back; they are not and do not have to be in the business of increasing overall fairness in the world. There's also the "ambitious and gets shit done" angle. IMO, like it or not, getting into and graduating from a "named" school is one indicator of precisely those two qualities. There was a study recently that found there was a higher correlation between life outcome and where one APPLIED to college than there was to where one WENT to college. The takeaway for me was that people ambitious enough (and presumably confident enough) to apply to MIT would get similar results in aggregate to those who actually attended. I googled for a few minutes to try to find the study, but failed, so I apologize if I've mis-remembered or mis-stated the conclusions. Disclaimer: 1993 MIT grad here, but while I greatly value my experience there, I give basically zero "extra credit" for MIT on a candidate's resume over any other school and I'd take "built dropbox" over any schooling, 8 days a week. Had a chance to do a little more googling and found the paper: http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/02/21/revisiting-the-... Excerpt: "Once the two economists added these new variables, the earnings difference disappeared. In fact, it went away merely by including the colleges that students had applied to - and not taking into account whether they were accepted. A student with a 1,400 SAT score who went to Penn State but applied to Penn earned as much, on average, as a student with a 1,400 who went to Penn. “Even applying to a school, even if you get rejected, says a lot about you,"" If I were the RIAA or MPAA, this seems to leak enough information to confirm that my copyrighted material is stored on dropbox, which might be enough to get a subpeona issued. If dropbox client were to still force the upload to happen, and only discard the object afterwards, this "duplicate file exists" information wouldn't be leaked. Presumably, they want to detect duplicates within an account and avoid the transfer in that case in the interest of user experience, but if I've told dropbox to upload avatar, I'm presumably OK with the transfer happening, even if it's not strictly needed because someone else has already uploaded it. Congrats, Kyle and the whole Forrst team! Looking forward to seeing what's coming in 2011 and beyond. I don't get a sense that investors are complaining about being outnegotiated. Investors that I respect that are quoted in that article are basically saying, "We didn't like the terms the founders were offering, so we passed, and they went and got terms to their liking from someone else." I didn't see any particularly complaining evident, just a disagreement/difference of opinion on whether a proposed deal made sense to them or not. It didn't, so they didn't. I wouldn't expect a genius programmer to end up with a random choice of language, especially after a few years and exposure to a variety of languages. If you agree (as I do) that there are differences in "power" of language, I would expect that genius programmers would be far more likely than average to choose a language of above-average power. Thought experiment: How many genius programmers do you know that use VB6 by choice? > before telling the hole world about it. Unclear if the pun was intended or not, but amusing either way... Lexington, MA - Barcelona - Sydney - Windsor, ON Vistaprint is hiring for a variety of technical positions (dev, ops, DBA, network, PM, data center engineer): http://bit.ly/great-tech-jobs I've been here a little over 8 years and despite the boring outward impression you may have (and I initially had) of "Why would printing business cards be interesting?!?", this is an interesting and challenging place to work, with some of the best colleagues I've ever worked with. We have sponsored H1B in the past, for the ideal candidate. I don't think you're exactly understanding the economics. This is not someone getting paid $500/week and having to buy a truckload of deisel fuel out of that sum... Most OTR contracts are paid a set amount per mile as a gross number. Drivers (privateers) are independent businesses and they take that gross amount and buy everything they need to fulfill the contract (including fuel) as a business expense. It's no more criminal than the fact that an independent software developers need to pay for the electricity they consume in their offices. There are employee-drivers as well, and in those cases, the fuel may or may not come out of the drivers' pockets. (And if it doesn't, they obviously get paid far less per mile, because someone is picking up the $0.55 per mile in fuel costs.) To my mind, having the person with the most ability to influence fuel efficiency be economically incented to be efficient isn't a bad thing at all. It's a matter of contract terms between consenting independent actors. Hardly something I'd call "criminal". (Same thing with waitstaff in the US. Everyone understands how it works, and the system works...) This seems like a very elegant solution to the issue. Rather than pitting the CEO against one VC board member, it makes the decision one of the entire board. And allows the VC to make his pitch to his peers, who understand the travel demands of serving on several boards. First class, and especially private aviation, can be more money but also can be justified in the right circumstances. I fly my own (single-engine piston) airplane for recreation, most of our east of the Mississippi family travel and have flown it for a prior company on business trips. Even my little bug-smasher can save a night's hotel stay on one end, and often on both ends, making my life and my family's life better for that, making me more willing to travel for business, and I had no problem (ethically or practically) submitting a spreadsheet with column B as what the airlines would have cost, including airport parking and hotel charges, and column C showing what my airplane cost (including hotel and landing/ramp fees) and submitting for reimbursement the lower total (almost always airline, but saving 2 nights hotel and 4 days parking at Logan takes away a good bit of the difference). How hard would it be for someone to download both versions, do the diffs, and create the instructions, get torrent X, and play from 0:30 to 6:25, skip straight to 7:45, etc? The differencing task would be the perfect app for the new unlimited inbound bandwidth at linode. :) I think GP was suggesting that there is at least one company selling software that will allow you to compute sales tax on an order, not that companies are selling their order book to states for the purpose of use tax enforcement. Without endorsing the product, here is one vendor's product page: http://onesource.thomsonreuters.com/solutions/indirect-tax/s... > No one thinks that Bill Gates/ Edison made a greater contribution to social progress than Einstein/Gandhi. Um, I do. There are two factors in that thread. First, most companies never achieve a meaningfully successful exit (so those reports will be "my options amounted to nothing" and people will freely share that). Second, in the cases where they did, the employees who did well are somewhat less likely to be reading HN and (I surmise) vastly less likely to talk about it. I had typed up my experiences over three exits in that thread, posted it and deleted it a few minutes later as it didn't add enough to the discussion relative to what it revealed about me. When it comes to compensation (for tech workers), fair is not equal and equal is not fair. I know that you didn't make the claim that they were, but it's a logical half-step to "unequal is definitionally inequitable". My best colleagues made/make more than my average colleagues, at every place that I've worked, and that's exactly as it should be, IMO. They tend to have the same level/track/title/whatever-your-company-calls-it, but produce more output in the same job. Sometimes, they produce so much more output or produce output that none of their peers could produce, that it's as if they have a different job. Said another way, these are the people that I cannot help but think of when I read Joel's essay on hitting the high notes: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/HighNotes.html I put LED rope lights on top on my kitchen cabinets and the indirect light is great for nighttime dealing with baby bottles, snacks, etc and they also look nice in the day. I just leave them on all the time. Has really cut back on using the halogen under cabinet lights or the 9 overhead CFLs. Also have a small LED lamp in the bath fan/light. Obvious middle of night advantages there: don't need to burn your retinas with the normal lights. If you squint hard enough, sure. But that's not the point of dividing the space along these lines. Think of gunpowder, the steam and then internal combusion engines, electric distribution and lightbulbs, the automobile, heavier than air flight at all, helicopters. Sure, each of those solved actual pain that people had (otherwise they'd have not caught on as successful products). But the difference is that products in the first category solve problems that customers aren't complaining about, often because there's no frame of reference to allow them to complain about it. Their bow and arrows, oxen, gas lights, carriages, ships and hot air balloons are working just fine, maybe they just need a small tweak or two. (I even put TiVo/ReplayTV into the first category, even though we had VCRs at the time.) In civil cases, it's not actually all that high. "Preponderence of the evidence" roughly means "it is more likely than not" the case that you are guilty of the alleged offense. "Beyond a reasonable doubt" only comes into play for criminal offenses. Minor traffic offenses are civil, not criminal, so the much lower preponderence standard applies. Median is probably an even better measure here than average. Agreed. I know a fair bit about what keeps my single-engine piston aircraft in the sky, and many of the possible faults are routinely checked/confirmed OK during pre-flight inspection and/or run-up. Still, I don't want to inadvertantly miss a 500-hr magneto IRAN, a wing spar or bolt NDT inspection interval, run my dry vacuum pump twice as long as I planned, or several other possible faults that aren't easily testable by other than maintenance technicians. Your position does not match reality, at least in the USA. There is an enormous amount of untested modification of engine ECU firmware going on in the real world over here, and I'm only peripherally involved in that "scene". (My interests are 60s Mustangs, but that means I see a little bit of the import enthusiast world as well.) Most vehicle repair codes (inspection requirements, etc) are state's rights, though with the advent of OBD-2, many emissions inspections programs have fallen into line. "Plug in the scanner; if it reports 'ready' and no MIL codes, it passes." I won't even bother to enumerate the number of ways that can be gamed. There is a federal emissions certification program, but again, that's only enforced via state inspections, which are a source of income for the independent garages (meaning that there's incentive to interpret the rules loosely to protect the revenue stream). If you need a car to pass, you can find a station that will pass you based on a recent color photograph and a small amount of cash. In terms of chassis repair or mods, it's pretty much a free-for-all. Lifted trucks are regulated in some states, but most other modifications are owner and mechanic discretion. I'm completely changing the geometry of my '66 convertible's front suspension, converting to disk brakes all around and changing to a dual-circuit master cylinder. The number of other people who will be required to check my work prior to it being to legal to drive on the public highways: zero. (And IMO, that's as it should be, but I have a pretty strong libertarian streak.) It will have to pass the state safety inspection, but unless I have a light out, there's no realistic chance that the car will fail the safety inspection and they sure won't notice that the suspension and brakes have been completely re-engineered. I think he's pretty well stating it, and I think he's pretty well right. (I'd have also agreed with your point-of-view 3 years ago before my first was born.) It's not worth much arguing about, because as a non-parent you'll have other compensating "benefits", but it's hard for me to imagine how much my own world view and views on selfless love changed with the birth of my first (and to a lesser extent, my second). FTR, I didn't downvote. There were also a handful of women at my high school and again at my college who men disproportionately sought. I'm not sure I see that this is a one-way issue. Patents are, in theory, only granted on ideas which have been reduced to practice (implemented). I can't get a patent on the idea of a time machine. I can get a patent on an actual time machine. At many companies, those 5000 minutes "saved" will be later squandered on Facebook. :) If someone is actually asking you for status reports every 15 minutes, you're long past maybe in the needing a new job spectrum... In that context, communicate is scoped to flight crew outside, not within the cockpit crew. Surely, the notion that if you have a departure from controlled flight, or are lost, that each crew member must refrain from speaking to each other is silly. That guidance is instead intended to say "ATC's questions and needs can wait; tell them 'Standby' and fly the airplane." I'm also not a fan of patents1, but having to have a product in the market in order to defend a patent just introduces another, different type of breakage. How hard would it have been for Honeywell to slap out a craptacular prototype product to be "in the market" and then sue Nest? Not hard, if they cared to do it. How hard would it be for Nest (or another small company), if they had the original patent, to bring a product to the market in order to qualify to sue Honeywell? Maybe not impossible, but surely harder than the reverse. If I grant that patents should exist, or at least that they DO exist, it seems reasonable that reducing an invention to practice (but not necessarily to marketability) is enough to go seek a patent, such that you could then seek funding or partnership opportunities at far more favorable terms than if all you had was a secret invention that you couldn't patent until you were able to bring it to market with money you didn't have and couldn't get. 1-excepting perhaps in drug discovery cases, where I am less certain of what I think Your "life insurance" from your company is, in all likelihood, much closer to a token benefit than something that's appropriately sized for your needs. (Especially if you have dependents!) It's also not especially cost-effective if you're "buying more of it" from your employer's vendor anyway. Buy term life insurance on your own for you and your wife, assuming you have dependents. (Google it; start with a link from Suze Orman's site, or anything. It's largely commoditized for most people from what I can tell. I had to buy from one of two specific vendors because many policies exclude dying when serving as part of an airplane crew; I'm a private pilot; my family needs financial support without regard to my manner of passing, so...) An RSU is not exactly equal to an option with a strike of $0, because you control the exercise date on an option. Not so on an RSU. The taxable event with options is the date of exercise (or the 83b election), not the date of vesting . The option owner has control over the date of exercise, meaning they can delay exercise until after the vesting date. An RSU, having a "strike price" of $0, "exercises" (and therefore is a taxable event) the instant it vests. In both cases, the gain (the surplus of fair market value over exercise price) is ordinary income and taxed as such. In both cases, the gains (or losses) after the initial taxable event are capital gains, and the rules are not as simple as for stocks, but basically, for employees with typical vesting, hold the shares for a year after exercise and these gains are long-term capital gains. I do a fair amount of interviewing and get thank you emails for about 25% of the in-person interviews. It makes me think more highly of the candidate's manners, but I wouldn't let it affect my decision to proceed or not. (In the case where someone sends requested or obviously relevant followup information, or realizes they bombed some portion of the interview and sends a followup face-palm and correction, those are significantly better than silence.) For a phone interview, I would definitely think it "noise", but it wouldn't be a significantly negative signal. I'd tell your recruiter that you're looking forward to hearing from the company (assuming that's the case), but that you will reserve any thank-you emails for later in the process. I think you can teach a manager with a track record of bad tradeoffs. The first step is showing that manager that their track record isn't as good as they may think it is. And that's hard to do in a single incident, so consistent feedback over time, as Eric suggests, has a chance to help enlighten. If the past track record is bad, and one opportunity to enlighten is pursued and they "don't get it", that's ok. Either another chance will come up in the future, or it won't. If it doesn't, there isn't really a problem. I believe that thinking like this is helpful by giving license to "demand fixes for things that aren't yours to fix". Specifically, why stop in the example at fixing the bad code? That's what some organizations, perhaps more than half, would view as sufficient. Because (some) people like to get a "deal". And if you move your car brand to "no dicker stickers" and I don't, I'm likely to capture a share of the "likes a bargain" shoppers, though I admit I'll lose some of the "likes a sense of apparent fairness shoppers" to you. Now, what happens when you have a "no dicker" policy and you need to move a car for whatever reason? Maybe the new models are coming out. Maybe the dealer needs to raise some cash to meet his loan payments. Maybe a model is intended for snow/foul weather usage, and you shipped too many of them into New England, expecting a normal winter. How do you entice customers who will eventually need a new car (according to them) into buying your car from your dealer now. Do you lower MSRP across the board for year-end models? That could work. Do you lower your MSRP only in New England? That could work, but smells worse from a globally consistent pricing point of view. Do you allow just the dealer who needs cash to lower his price? Well, you can't really do that and have any notion of consistent pricing. And that's just the problems in the new car market, where a given car could be identical to any other any equivalent car. In the used car market, it gets way, way worse (in terms of complexity and sleaziness). Agreed, but once you do that, you get away from tejaswiy's idea of just "sell all cars at that price". I don't have an issue with negotiated prices or sales, but some do. That's just it. In many people's minds, if the bank or manufacturer-affiliated financing arm will loan them the money, then that fact tells them that they CAN afford it, and they get an ego stroke for having been such a wise consumer, manager of credit, and provider for their family. Same exact facts, opposite conclusion to your line of thinking. (I agree with you, in case it wasn't obvious.) Don't get excessively wordy, but otherwise ignore the fear of sounding like a "business type". You're applying for a business role; if you were applying for a tech role would you be asking how to not sound like a "technical type"? The application process is just a filter, especially at the intern level. Do what you need to do (ethically) to pass the filter and then worry about performing well in the internship. I wish the English usage matched the math usage. Sadly, it does not. 20 * x is "20 times as much" but only "19 times more", IMO. At the risk of sounding like an Amazon shill, I think it's worth trying Prime (assuming you live in the US). It's such an enormous time and aggravation saver for us that it's well worth the $79 a year. ObNonDisclaimer: No connection, othr than longtime customer, longtime Prime subscriber (both since within months of launch) and more recent shareholder (of a financially nearly meaningless amount). Really? You believe that, just because it was cheap for indies, that ranking an app more highly in the app store based on non-human downloads was beneficial to the human users of the app store? I'm no Apple fanboy generally, but this seems like they're making a choice based on what's good for their human users, and that choice benefits some the developers at the expense of others. (IMO, it benefits the ones who are competing "fairly", but that doesn't even matter compared to "is it good for users?") AWS has regions in Ireland, Singapore and Brazil at least. AWS is still a US company, but they offer services from non-US DCs. 1000 robots needing just 30 minutes of preventative maintenance per week is 500 hours of PM a week. That sounds like about the amount of PM a staff of 20 engineers can supply, once you account for admin, PTO, training, travel between robots, and doing the actual work. Engineer does not solely mean "one who creates software". Combinations of ideas is not revolutionary? Or just that this specific combination is not? Carriages and Internal Combustion Engines -> Automobiles Telephones and Radios -> Cell Phones Touch Screens and Cell Phones -> iPhone A great many 20-somethings ARE in fact inclined to buy expensive furniture, stereo systems and cars. Whether they should be or not, in your and my opinion, is not germane to the value that they have because of the fact that they are . I think galaktor agrees that one should seek/give preference to someone with (relevant) experience, and accord that person "high status". He's merely clarifying that that preference should come from actual, relevant experience/expertise, not from a time-based measure. Confusing or conflating "senior in age" with "senior in experience" is exactly what his post is about. You're creating a new notion that doesn't currently exist: that there is "a price" in a stable equilibrium condition, when in fact, there is a spread. (I think if you draw out an order book of bids and asks, and then try to overlay your notion of a "single price" on it, you will find that your system is not an improvement, at least not for people who value certainty.) Part of the problem that others are having understanding you (assuming your system is, in fact, better) is that you don't seem to be giving a full explanation that relates to the actual order book initial conditions and new incoming order flow. I'm not an expert by any means, but I can't understand, concretely, EXACTLY how your proposal is intended to work. It feels hand-wavy to me, which usually means that an idea isn't fully-formed. (I mean no disrespect here; just stating my perception.) I WANT the price to move instantaneously, even though my only interface is via Etrade's retail and mobile site, and I probably execute 400 trades a year. I strongly prefer instant over a few pennies here and there, even though I'm at a (at least theoretical) disadvantage in terms of market access as compared to the HFTs. Amusing, but untrue. I took a (long) while to like the ribbon, but I have to say that I find it a large improvement in usability, and it makes it vastly more likely that I will accept "other than the basic/defaults". It actively encourages exploration. That's good for some use cases, and it's certainly good for Microsoft. Any time is a terrible time to have food as a large portion of your budget. The cost of labor provides an effective limit. If 1/12th of the overall population thinks that way, it does not seem unreasonable for a jury of 12 to be a fair cross-section of the population. In fact, the opposite seems unreasonable to me. Taxes are the basis for repayment upon which those funds are lent to the government. It's like saying the median house isn't bought with income, but rather with a mortgage. Generally true, but try getting a mortgage without any income (now). If you assume (as many do) there is a relationship between the stock price and the profits of the company, then corporate taxation serves to reduce profits, reducing the stock price. So, instead of rising to $500, it may have risen to $750. The forgone (and invisible) $5 million of appreciation was the loss due to corporate taxation. (Obviously, the above is too simplistic to actually rely upon, but that's how corporate taxes reduce investor returns, effectively resulting in double taxation in many people's mind, including my own. I still believe that's part of the reason LTCG are and should be taxed at a lower rate than ordinary income.) Airline pilots have strict protections on how the cockpit voice recorder information can be used; it's only a 30-minute loop, etc. Hardly the same as having every working day recorded permanently... I have one of the cheapest practical family airplanes, and it's so far from affordable on the average salary that the gulf is insurmountable, IMO. And mine is 1/5 or less the likely acquisition cost of this one. That difference in capital cost will take 2000 hours of operation (more than 20 years for most private pilots) to make up in nominal dollars. If people today can't afford a Skylane (or even Warrior or Skyhawk), they will be able to afford this even less. Putting the "everyman" in the air is better done with a partnership or club owning 60s/70s/80s metal airplanes, IMO, and that's not even that achievable in days of $6 avgas and $75/hour "dry rental" (everything other than gas). Don't you think that it's possible that becoming a full MD doctor is a qualifications vouching system that programming lacks, and thus it's "every company for themselves" in terms of deciding who is actually qualified/worth hiring? The amount of sub-par candidates that are nearly constantly looking is absolutely appalling to me, and is probably shocking to most of the non-hiring-managers reading HN. Why is the interview process so intensive? Same reason gold mining is intensive. There's a lot more dirt than gold in both cases. Every C-level exec with share-based (RSU or option) compensation quite clearly has their comp tied to share prices. I doubt very many C-level execs at public companies have no share-based comp. It's not just administrivia/HR work, but there's a not-small constant factor to coordinating the work of every individual on the project. 40 people, each working an hour doesn't get you the same output as 1 person working those 40 hours. (There's also an unspoken understanding in a lot of places that if a given week or two gets intense, that full-timers will silently/for-free suck it up, whereas part-timers won't. In my experience [as employee and employer], that generally works and is often "paid back" on or off the books.) Noun definition 2 here: http://www.thefreedictionary.com/shingle Publishing the URL to a (perhaps several days delayed, or even static data snapshot, but interactive demo) of this could be very powerful marketing for Leftronic. Also, live demo link on the site leads to a page that is completely black on Safari on iPad. Helping them pass the time certainly, and perhaps helping them get laid. You're dead right that each generation wants to be in a social space that feels "theirs", but I don't think that precludes using the same infrastructure. When I was a teen, I drove on the same roads and used the same telco and USPS as my parents, even at my most rebellious times. In Facebook's case, each user "feels" a tiny piece of the overall universe, and one which is vastly disproportionately populated with people they've mutually selected. That, coupled with meeting jwz's use case above, makes me feel that Facebook is pretty well positioned to succeed. I know first-hand that Mercedes are quite user-serviceable, as I do most all of the service (ex-tire replacement, ex-exhaust) on all our cars. Factory basic service information is not only easily available, it's free (at least in the US: they make you provide a US CC every 365 days for online access, so it might be MB-USA funding it, but the card is not charged). Parts are readily available aftermarket, from OE and non-OE suppliers. There's also several well-respected third party shops within a few miles of here. I don't drive a BMW, but I know of two excellent (but not cheap) third party shops nearby. Yes, some systems are computer-augmented for service, and require a beyond-OBD2 level of software, but that software is available (and a couple thousand dollars, a lot for an individual, but nothing compared to the rest of the tools a shop has to have). I am quite happy with the supportability MB provides, and probably wouldn't drive one if your statement above matched my experience. Side note: it's a pleasure to work on MB: very few "one time" fasteners (like those plastic Christmas tree push things, or ridiculously fragile/undersized plastic latches). Thing that you need to take apart are designed to be taken apart and put back together many times without damage or leaving ill-fitting parts afterward. You really notice the difference when servicing someone else's other brand, price-optimized car. Initials of the three inventors (discoverers?) of the algorithm: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_(algorithm) It can be a matter of interpretation. Suppose two "highly competent" programmers A1 and A2 and two "moderately competent" programmers B1 and B2 are together. If A1 asks those questions to B1, I suspect that A2 would view them as perfectly normal, appropriate and helpful, while B2 might view them as aggressive or "trying to show A1's superiority". I worked at a successful game company in the mid-90s and we did get royalties (ours were on the net, not the gross, and they stopped when we left the company, so not exactly what Dustin is proposing). I see two problems with his proposal: the VAST majority of games are commercially unsuccessful to break-even at best. So, for most devs, this would be meaningless. Second: we're already well paid, and I think of some of that up-front comp as pre-paid royalties. If you want back-side royalties, you probably have to give up some up-front comp, which is a bad trade for the overwhelming majority of game devs. You generate a loss for one company, but income for another company. I don't see how this avoids taxes, just moves them from one entity to another. (so if the second entity is in a tax-friendly jurisdiction, it's obvious how that helps, but it doesn't simply generate a loss and that's the end of the story.) 0.375% If there's one small flaw in the system it seems that the whole thing begins to fail. I wonder if there is selection bias underlying that judgment? Reading all of Amazon's post-mortems of big events, it does seem that the whole thing is fragile. What I suspect is more likely true is that AWS suffers thousands of small failures every month and most are contained as designed, with no(or minuscule) customer impact. It's the ones that turn into highly visible failures that we read about. That said, I agree with you that EBS in particular seems to have more downtime than I'd expect. (And that other services like ELB depends on it makes it cascade in a way that's hard to design highly-available systems.) Correct, of course. The key unstated requirement is that it's exactly on your schedule and catered to your tastes. The issue with this idea, at least as I understand it, is that they're generating higher utilization by sharing and perhaps selling deadhead legs. Any of those things (and anything I can think of that drives utilization meaningfully higher) gives up a lot of the flexibility and precision adaptation to the guy-in-back's ever-changing schedule. I fly my family in our (piston) airplane for most of our travel east of the Mississippi. Even at piston costs and speeds (both way lower than jets), I can usually beat them door-to-door out to 800 miles and I smoke them door to door for everything under 500 miles. Plus, I'm never waiting for my inbound aircraft, getting the free opt-out feelup by TSA, sweating connections or waiting for my bags. UberJet can deliver on some of those things, but the closer they drive it to part 121 (air carrier) to make it cheaper, the more they'll give up on the advantage side. I suspect they'll give up a lot of advantages and still not have a cost-competitive product. No one will complain about riding x-country in a Citation X, but they may balk at the $7500/hr operating cost. It appears to me like you're taking the total outsource IT spending and dividing it by the total number of people on the Romney campaign payroll. Of course that yields a non-sensical answer. If someone was dumb enough to say exactly that, they should be sued for outright stupidity and perhaps for discrimination. I suspect that in practice, "those companies have not been the right fit for our investment philosophy" is as close as you'd get, and that's hardly actionable, even if you strongly suspect that their thesis is as offensive as "we invest in white people". Proper grammar helps to what? (edit: parent comment previously ended in 'to.') Life: Learned a little bit late to stop being a totally selfish/asshole boyfriend, leaving me open to finding a great relationship and now two kids. It's helped other relationships as well, and there's a few exes to whom I should apologize if it weren't so socially inappropriate to do so. :) Programming: leaving a couple of fun and well-paying jobs to go to places where I wasn't the best at everything. Learning from others (and teaching others in areas where I excel) has given me more happiness/satisfaction/growth than any single language, project or other discrete event.