I'm not sure if they really "blur the line". Speed wise, the new SSDs are coming closer and closer to RAM, but latency wise they're still miles off. There's still a lot to be done before SSDs can truly rival with memory. I compiled a nightly build of LineageOS yesterday. Building it for just my phone requires: -8GB of RAM -70GB of disk space Pulling down the source code from github using my 500mbps connection took about half an hour. The first build took over 90 minutes. Adding a single file and rebuilding took 25 minutes with compiler cache enabled. Presumably the compiler cache will speed up building for multiple devices and device specific builds will probably only take half an hour after the first build, but these numbers will not fit in any free plan. Granted, bitbucket seems to have decent pricing for their Pipelines but the price for building weekly for all devices will probably be too expensive in the long run. That's why they're looking for servers donated by the community. So these people were expecting a private company to spend thousand of dollars on construction costs because their house didn't get hooked up back when the cables were put in the ground for the first time? I don't understand why they ever expected to get a free connection in the first place. Internet isn't considered a public service (yet) and there are no government goals to connect every household. ISPs won't get any subsidy for connecting up these people so it's only logical that they need to pay the construction costs themselves. Governments should make broadband Internet a public service but the companies involved will never cooperate. The only way everyone can get a decent connection is when the government takes over the responsibility for providing Internet access. But that requires money which requires tax increases which will anger the people so that will never happen. This might cause a lot of infections around the world for systems without the other code execution prevention systems... Older versions of Android don't have much protection against Stagefright or other such attacks if ASLR is circumvented. The same can apply to older versions of Windows (7 or earlier) without EMET installed. It took the most popular desktop Linux operating systems (like Ubuntu) a very long time before they even shipped ASLR. I hope further defense in depth will be implemented now that ASLR is proven weakened. There's not even a need for installing a proxy! SSH has native SOCKS proxy support, so all you need to do is set up an SSH connection and set the browser connection to a dynamic SSH port forward. This also prevents leaking DNS requests : with a standard proxy your computer might be trying to look up domains using the company DNS system. With a SOCKS proxy, you can forward all DNS traffic as well! This is a good point. Google has added functionality so that user installed certificates bypass all certificate pinning utilities, so users using these tools are less protected. However, there is no indication of the network being monitored once the certificate has been installed. On Android every time a user-installed certificate authority is used a warning is shown. Furthermore, the user is forced to set a lock screen the moment you install a certificate. If Google can push this (frankly user unfriendly) UI through, why not change "Secure" into "Monitored" in Google Chrome? The green padlock is a lie and the truth is exposed only after inspecting the certificate using the web developer tools. The latest browser I can think of that should still support your OS and still gets updates (for a few more months at least) is the extended support release of Firefox 45: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/organizations/all/ While it may not support the latest HTML5 features, you'll still be patched against security vulnerabilities. Alternatively, you could install Windows 10 using bootcamp according to the bottom post of this thread: https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7171259?tstart=0 Windows 10 works pretty decent on low RAM devices, and you'll be able to run all the latest browsers and software. Except that in this case the blind will no longer be able to listen to the audio recordings and the deaf will no longer be able to use the animations and automated closed captions. They should have struck a deal where all new content will be ADA compliant and all courses will never depend/actively refer to the old material, but keep the old material still online for further research. Of course UC needs to stay compliant. But that doesn't mean forcing it to take down old material will help anyone. I assume Google wants to push their own image format (animated webp) instead of supporting an old format nobody has been using for years. This is good news though; finally we can start to abandon the cruddy old GIF format and move to something more modern. Imgur converts most moving images into mp4 and webm, serving the optimal file to the browser the visitor is using. I think this is part of the reason why people use the word "GIF" for any moving media these days as imgur is a very popular medium. Very interesting to note: > However, searching a small sample of firmwares I have present, I've been able to verify the existence of the "ccx" tag in the Galaxy S7 (G930F, G930V), Galaxy S6 Edge (G925V), Galaxy S7 Edge (G935F, G9350), Galaxy Note 4 (N910F) and Galaxy S5 (G900F). This could mean that not only Apple devices are affected. Broadcom chips are everywhere and bringing out patches and firmware update is a big problem in the Android world. This is probably decompiled code. Many functions loose their names if code gets optimized or obfuscated. function_XYZ is probably a placeholder used by the decompiler. There's already a system to do so: it's called DNS. You can check for timeouts using XHR already and if a server doesn't respond then having it send a new IP wouldn't work anyway. The problem with using DNS that way is the usual 30 second time out. On the other hand lower values than 30 seconds can cause problems for many users with slow or mobile connections. Honestly I can't think of a reason why the HTTP specifications should contain anything about IP addresses. I don't agree with the parent post (I think all traffic should be encrypted now that let's encrypt exists) but this is an interesting point. For example, Google is making it as difficult as possible to install certificate authorities in Android. Root certificates are encrypted as if they are client certificates, requiring the user to set up PIN or password protection on their lock screens. Removing this protection immediately disables the installed user certificates. Google has changed the Android 7 API so that by default the user certificate store is not used to validate the validity of certificates (only the system store is used). Apps need to opt in to still support user certificates. Of course this is all done to prevent malicious actors from performing MitM attacks on users. Still, I would not be surprised if Android P removes the user certificate store all together. This is why video content websites suck. Getting in the way will only frustrate users. In my country there is a legal right to copy audio and video content for your own consumption. We can download your video, play it on the TV in living room, save it to our phones and watch it in the train to work. And if your content is interesting enough, people will do so. If your site were interesting enough, I'd probably write a quick Chrome extension that adds a big download button to save others the hassle of going through the developer tools. Although the domain name registration was intentional, activating the kill switch wasn't. The author registered the domain name without knowing what would happen (the virus might as well have wiped the entire disk) and was surprised to see that he had activated a kill switch. That's the accidental part. Exactly! The first thing I thought of when I read the title of the patent was the tmux session I had opened in my terminal. Given how GNU/Unix Screen has been available for thirty years I doubt this patent will hold up in court. I'm still missing the insight into websockets that Chrome offers. The network monitor can see websockets being made, but there is no way to see the data inside the data frames. There are of course extensions that fix this but in my experience they are heavy and slow down the debugger. I really hope this feature will be added soon (or has been added without me noticing it) The dementia argument is compelling; is a criminal missing all of the memories from his criminal past still a criminal? Punishment makes no sense when the punished doesn't understand what they're punished for. As for the other elderly, although there is not much of a risk that these elderly prisoners will fall back to a life of crime, they are still there for a reason. One of the prisoners used as an example has been convicted of a sex attack he committed when he was 68. Another prisoner used as an example has committed several serious crimes, each worse than the last. He's been given multiple chances to better himself; he didn't, so he has to face the consequences. We can hardly stop punishing criminals "because they're too old". The whole idea of a prison is that you get less freedom and luxuries than the people outside. Putting prisoners in a special home would give them the same (and for some people, even more) luxuries than the elderly outside the prison have. Apple still doesn't allow true browsers in the app store. Not because they disallow duplicate system applications (plenty of calculator apps out there). The problem is that Apple does not allow any developer to use a browser engine other than built-in Safari. Apple also doesn't allow virtual machines/on the fly compilation of code, making any alternate, fast enough Javascript engine practically impossible. "Browsers" on iOS, such as Firefox Focus and Chrome, just repurpose the built-in Safari engine with some modifications (bookmark sync, extra content blocking, etc.) That sounds like an interesting idea for a mod though... FYI: Firefox (and other browsers as well I think) already have built-in functionality for generating a cURL command with all the headers and cookies included. In the dev tools, you can right-click on a request in the "network" tab and click Copy > Copy as cURL. Sadly, this only works for requests you haven't already done with the dev tools open and it doesn't generate wget commands, but you might get some use out of this while the add-on is being updated. Whatsapp Web works perfectly for me in Firefox, but only after messing with my adblocker settings; the website depends on javascript from at least three domains to work. FINALLY, someone who had the same idea as me. I've actively looked for ways to do something like this and even considered setting something like this up in a quick and dirty way (by abusing X forwarding over the internet across devices; probably the closest I'll get to making this system work without modifying every program on my computer). The sheer inefficiency of getting my email on my phone, laptop, PC and tablet across several apps without any of them communicating between them is driving me mad. I have an overpowered gaming machine in my room and a slow, old Samsung tablet near my bed. If I want to read something in bed, I'll have to suffer through the slow Chrome browser with all of its lag and lack of hardware accelerated decoding while there's a machine with incredible graphical power available _right there_. I'd love to turn my tablet into a thin client for my PC, but that requires a mix of slow or unstable remote desktop apps. In my mind, this concept would also have other devices help with the workload. For example, when my server is busy running compilers, my laptop can kick in and help out with some of the work by doing the Javascript for my tablet. This makes the work more complicated, but combines the power of my collection of personal devices into a single platform. I really hope someone or some company can help the world move this way. It's been done before in part back when thin clients were the latest hit and after the last few years, responsive design has been normalized to the point combined systems like these have a real chance of becoming the next thing in computing. Sadly, I fear the moment this becomes popular the general population will just pick a cloud-based solution so they don't need to set up an application server, which gives companies like Amazon and Google even more power and data then they already have. Works fine in Firefox + reader mode Text-only link because NPR couldn't be bothered to make their GDPR compliance page link to the correct page: https://text.npr.org/s.php?sId=621752789 Based on what I see around me, people just use the first browser they see. Until someone with technical know-how comes along, people will use Edge on Windows (and usually complain about how the internet is acting up, but that's another story). The same goes for Samsung and its own browser, simply called "Internet": people often have heard of Google Chrome but won't go looking if there's a working "internet button" right in front of them. Other vendors use the same trick. Personally, I would think this is a good thing as it takes away some of the monopoly Google has, if Samsung etc. would just give their browsers regular updates through the Play Store/their own app store (latest version I can find on the Play Store still uses Chrome 59). There is no technical reason to install the Google app or to install Chrome. Vendors can easily install their own WebKit/Blink engines for all the WebView/technical requirements (as seen by alternative ROMs) and the Google app can be deleted without affecting the other Play Services. I think this is a ploy to prevent companies like Microsoft from coming with their own ROMs that focuses on Microsoft applications (Cortana, Bing, Edge mobile, Outlook, Microsoft Office etc., MS have a near complete stack of applications for Android) without offering any pre-installed competition like Google does. Wikipedia has a nice graph: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Android_version_history#/media... Needs an update though; this one only goes up to February this year. It's possible on most devices to use adb over the network. It's a separate toggle in the de developer settings as it exposes the adb port to all network interfaces (think WiFi, LTE, Bluetooth, etc.) Use `adb connect ` to connect to your device over WiFi and you should be able to use this tool without having a wired connection to the phone. This isn't just an iOS bug. The affected CSS property is just not available on most platforms. Sinfe I do not have access to any apple hardware, I tried turning on the experimental web features in Chrome Canary on my phone and it managed to freeze Android as well. The Chrome browser crashed on Windows with this setting on. Microsoft Edge, the only browser other than Safari to have support this property without messing with config, just showed a generic "this page can not be displayed" message. I think this problem affects the entire WebKit/Blink code base, the only reason the crashes are not being detected on other platforms is that most browsers just don't support this feature yet. From the WebAudio spec ( https://webaudio.github.io/web-audio-api/#allowed-to-start ): > An AudioContext is said to be allowed to start if the user agent and the system allow audio output in the current context. In other words, if the AudioContext control thread state is allowed to transition from suspended to running. > Note: For example, a user agent could require that an AudioContext control thread state change to running is triggered by user activation (as described in [HTML]). This means the user agent (the browser) is allowed to choose when the AudioContext can be used. It's up to Chrome to determine when playing audio is allowed. I can't think of an example where auto playing audio without user interaction is a good idea anyway. This was explicitly warned for in the moving standard since at least late 2016( http://web.archive.org/web/20161031141656/https://webaudio.g... ). So people with an exotic email address can't use your service because you don't think their email is valid? The reason you don't see those exotic addresses are mostly because of bad programs not knowing how email works. This reminds me of that story of a Chinese man unable to get registered at the bank because the computer systems don't have a character required to write his name. Sure, "it only affects a small amount of people", but it shouldn't be that hard to just flag strange but valid emails with "your email looks strange, check it again and tick this box if you're 100% sure you typed it right" instead of outright refusing to work. The check box doesn't even need to be interpreted server side, this can be done in one or two lines of javascript. Also very interesting how they do include IP addresses in their regex but only ipv4. As far as I can read, the author makes points based on the data he analysed. The jabs at gender studies near the end were somewhat misplaced in my opinion but they do not contain the core message. It should be easy enough for someone opposing this man's view to take the dataset presented about and disprove the conclusions made. Claiming statistics like "amount of citations at time of hiring" are offensive is by no means helping anyone's case. I hope the author will be reinstated quickly because I see no reason to act revenge upon him just because one disagrees with their conclusions from a statistical analysis. This is exactly what the peer reviewed system should prevent. The WiFi adapter restrictions are either the result of hardware restrictions (the UEFI firmware not allowing a different device) or a lack of drivers (there's no macs with Intel PCI WiFi cards so Intel doesn't have any MacOS drivers). Although there's plenty of reasons to critisise MacOS restrictions, the WiFi hardware issue is not one of Apple's faults. Depends on how competent the package maintainers are/remain. You might just be one script bug away from wiping random files ( https://www.slashgear.com/steam-on-linux-bug-can-delete-all-... ) Browser vendors have previously expressed their trust in the Symantec ecosystem. After Symantec repeatedly failed to hold up their promises, the vendors are now revoking the trust they had placed in Symantec ecosystem. Browser vendors can no longer tell their users they are connecting to a secured and validated website because of this. To accommodate Symantec customers, browser vendors have given people (a lot of) time to change certificates, trusting the certs even though the party that signed them was no longer trusted. This placed users at somewhat of a risk, but made possible a grace period. Now that grace period is nearly over. The companies at fault, who gave out unverifiable certificates, have not contacted all of their customers or their customers have not acted on their messages. Either way, this is not the problem of web browser vendors. End users trust their browsers to warn them if their safe connection is fishy and browsers will soon actually show those warnings. If you disagree and want to ignore the recommendations of Google and Mozilla, feel free to disable the Symantec distrust flag or to use a different browser that still accepts the bad certificates. That is your choice and the choice of any end user. However, those who don't understand the underlying problem continue to rely on the safety their browser software provides, as they should. If a small website can no longer display simple information because of Symantic not being trustworthy, that website should take it up with Symantec. And it's not as if the certificate wouldn't have to be replaced within about a year from now anyway; there's no extra costs or effort required, just earlier costs. Let's not forget that it is the web browsers that gave Symantec a business model to take away in the first place. If from the beginning non-commercial key distributions would have been set up (public keys over DNSSEC or something like that) this would not be a problem and the whole HTTPS certificate market wouldn't even exist. Sure, X509 certificates are used for other usages as well, but not as prominently as for web browsing. A lot of MTAs are improperly configured. There's still a lot of plain text email sent across the Internet. The secure mail servers often have trouble connecting to anything with a TLS version higher than 1.0 (if even that). Many mail servers also don't have a valid server certificate (self-signed, expired or even from the wrong domain). In my opinion, the email ecosystem is hopeless with regards to TLS security. Gmail started showing red padlocks for plaintext or insecurely sent emails a while back and I still see the red pad lock to this day. Bexause of this, disabling old TLS versions could make your server unreachable for large parts of the Internet or have servers fall back to plain text if they're improperly configured. Nobody wants to be that one company that can't receive your grandma's emails so everybody just keeps accepting improper configuration. Another problem is that a lot of MDA servers share their TLS config with the MTA side. I know from experience (worked at a small company that upgraded their email servers to TLS 1.2, at least on the MDA side) that old Microsoft mail clients (Office 2007 and lower, Windows Live Mail 2012) have trouble with TLS 1.2, especially on older Windows versions. Although these clients have all been deprecated for a long time, a lot of users with few tech skills still use them because that's what their PC was set up with years ago when they bought it, or because they don't want to waste their time learning how to deal with a new UI (you can see this with a lot of elderly people). For programs that use the Windows 7 TLS libraries TLS 1.2 is even disabled by default in Windows 7 because at the time Windows 7 launched, other implementations had major bugs. It can be enabled using a registry key though. This includes Office 2010, which still gets security fixes from Microsoft. So, if a large company would disable TLS 1.0/1.1 on their MTAs it might get a large amount of customer support calls from their least technical customer base. You can tell your customers that their program is out of date and that their program is the reason they're getting errors, but in the end the customer will still blame you for "breaking their mail program". Aside from a massive blow to a company's reputation, this would also overload the customer support desk and cost a lot of man hours. Actually, I've seen the built in mail app for Samsung smart phones fail on TLS 1.2 for Android versions up to Android 8. Other Android vendors generally have trouble up to Android 5/6. With the lack of system updates on the Android ecosystem, this could be an even bigger problem. I believe disabling old TLS versions is the right thing, but not until large parties such as Microsoft and Google decide to take the first step if you still want your server to receive any email. I agree with you in the case of old encryption methods (plain DES, RC4, NULL cipher) but not all protocol problems are because of the lack of a recent encryption algorithm. There's heaps of old modems that use a weak DH key and will never see a firmware update. You're left with either accessing the device insecurely over HTTP, hoping your ISP will send you a new one (good luck with that) or paying for your own modem which will probably never be allowed on the ISPs network. Weak DH keys should not be that hard to keep in the code base yet still most browsers will present an impassable TLS error screen. Honestly, I don't know why corporate systems just plain reject standard HTTP(S) traffic and require browsers to configure a corporate proxy which signs connections with their own internal certificate authority. Transparent MitM is such a hassle and in a corporate environment you should control the client devices anyway. As an added bonus you can choose which protocols you will or will not support on the external side, protecting your ancient Windows XP boxes from SSL2 downgrades and allowing them to contact modern websites their SSL libraries might not support. As other wrote, this might cause problems when TLS 1.3 contains a major vulnerability TLS 1.4 fixes. In my opinion, the `ssl_protocols` config should accept a string like "TLSv1.2+ -TLSv1.3", basically stating a minimum version, allowing exclusions and including anything newer. In the same spirit, one should be able to do "TLSv1.0-TLSv1.2" for setting a maximum, with specific exclusions if a new TLS version ever becomes a problem. I think SNI will remain in fashion even after IPv6 is introduced globally. SNI works fine for plain IPv6 address. If you run multiple websites on a single server for example you can move your server to another IP address / host / datacenter, update the IP address in your DNS settings and you're done. If you use IPv6 for this purpose, every domain and subdomain need to be configured with a new IP address and need a special line in the DNS config. This leads to administrative overhead, which leads to mistakes. You can host your own repository if you so wish and have users download the app from the standard F-Droid app, similar to the many PPAs available for Ubuntu. You end up having complete control over your APK distribution and users can receive updates through F-Droid. F-droid certainly isn't perfect, but it's the best Play Store alternative I've seen. Load balancers, IDS systems, traffic analysis, bad firewalls, content filtering systems, transparent proxies, some kinds of "intelligent switches", consumer routers with AV capabilities. Also anything sold by Blue Coat. You can read detailed examples on Cloudflare's blog, they've been very eager to experiment with TLS 1.3: https://blog.cloudflare.com/why-tls-1-3-isnt-in-browsers-yet... Actually, Firefox does prepend the www subdomain but only if it fails to resolve a domain. When I mistype a website (exmaple.com) I often end up at www.exmaple.com if I don't interrupt Firefox. Chrome is moving towards the opposite though, hiding the www subdomain in the browser bar. Because most server-side web apps are complicated. The ones that aren't (too some extend) can just get [apt-get|dnf|yum|pacman]ed into your server and you're ready to go. WordPress and Roundcube are one command away from running on your server. If running apt-get, picking a database password and setting your domain name are too much to ask, it's likely that someone like that might not have the expertise to securely run a web-facing server-side application securely. There's several systems set up to make self-hosting projects easy. It usually involves some behind-the-scenes docker containers with custom scripts and a custom web interface. If you're interested in something like this, try Sandstorm: https://sandstorm.io/ It has a free demo that shows exactly what it can do. It works quite nice, actually. As you might have seen, there is only a limited amount of software packages available on Sandstorm. The trouble comes with dependencies and overhead. Not every project can talk to Postgres (WordPress mostly relies on MySQL), leading to multiple databases running at once unless you go and manually configure addons and config files to make software talk to each other. Software is designed to run well on a specific base system, be it Ubuntu Server with postgres, CentOS with MySQL or Arch with sqlite. To make this easier, large software packages are usually packed into Docker containers. Running multiple Docker containers still requires some effort (you need to specify what persistent data needs to go where) but that's nothing compared to manual installation. It's also a requirement one cannot easily get around, as most people/companies have their own preferred storage paths and data storage requirements for important data (think encrypted databases, separate encrypted disk mounts, etc.). This is tiresome and requires reading up on the relevant documentation, but not difficult. With most of the complexity removed (just ports and paths), you quickly end up running multiple versions of Nginx and Apache at once because every docker container comes with its own web server and its own specific, non-compatible add-ons. This wastes RAM and CPU which could be used to have your services run more smoothly. Most big applications therefore are designed to run best on their own separate hosts to take full advantage of the (virtual) hardware. The article linked is a good example. It is not a manual about writing config stanzas and downloading packages; it's the bare minimum one needs to handle to configure something like Mastodon. The constant boxes are actually against the spirit of the GDPR and it's only a matter of time until they are banned as well. The GDPR requires all tracking to be opt-in and to be completely optional. Blocking access to a page by requiring the users to tick one or more permission boxes is not opt-in. The same is true for many other GDPR permission forms (like Tumblr's) where all uses and parties were/are enabled by default and one needs to disable each one individually. It's a matter of time before one of these big firms gets investigated for these practices and a fine is dropped. Publishers will learn to stick to the rules soon enough. They will probably forward all DNS traffic to their own resolvers by just changing the destination IP of any UDP traffic to port 53. This won't work with DNSSEC or encrypted DNS though. If you run Firefox with the -P command line argument, a profile selection screen comes up in which you can create multiple profiles. These are completely separated (down to the HSTS state!) "accounts". I don't know how MacOS works, but if you set your Firefox shortcut to firefox -P you can switch profiles by restarting Firefox. Granted, it's not as nice as Chrome, but it might still be of worth to you in some way. One of the most common problems in ISP customer support is customers changing their default WiFi password (good) but forgetting it (bad). Then their laptop crashes and they need their replacement laptop to connect to the WiFi. This is also the moment a customer will straight up deny the existence of ethernet cables or claim to have never heard of any Internet-related device that does not use WiFi. To satisfy these customers, you need to be able to either read out the WiFi password or have some way to push a new one. As it's just plain easier to just allow full-on access to the modem GUI for their customer service agents, it's often possible to read any passwords or settings from the help desk. As impressive as this toy sounds, I don't see how it is related to robotics. The comparison between a vibrator and a full sex robot does not make sense to me; a sex bot needs to articulate joints and show human expressions, a vibrator needs to make some ver slight movements in very specific places. I don't blame the author for being upset about this because I can't see a reason to retract the submission to the contest. I do, however, feel like these kinds of sex toys are only minimally related to robotics, so I think they shouldn't have been able to submit their device in the first place. That's another fault on the end of CES. As sibling comments note, there's been vibrators on the robotics section before, but it might be that they slipped through the submission process as well and, to prevent controversy, let through unscathed. Now that more of these submissions come through the board seems to have decided that enough is enough and actually speak out against these just-if-not-nearly robotic devices. Their defence that the product has been designed with the help of roboticists is very strange. If me and a few aerospace engineers build a fence that fence does not qualify as a space craft, no matter how many heat shield we stick to the side of it. Spending half the page blabbering about empowerment of women and LBQTI+ only detracts from their argument. Their baseless claim of mysoginy and homophobia distracts from their reasons for why they should be included in the first place and should not have been included in this response. It makes the author of the piece look very unprofessional and desperate for help from some of those action groups that take to the streets the moment they see the word "discrimination". To me the first response sounds very much like a canned PR response written by someone with little knowledge of what goes on inside CES. CES has allowed vibrators before so I don't see why they wouldn't stroke with policy now. As another comment in this thread states, OhMiBod has been showcased for years. I think at first someone at the top (or middle management) just said "that's not relevant, someone get that project out of here", which got passed down the chain of the company to some intern writing a standard email with a useless explanation. Then, when that blew up, an actual response was formed by the PR department, then by the top of the company, complicated further by the authors of this piece contacting people unrelated to either statement and getting another explanation from them. Just a corporate communications cluster fuck. "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity" and all that. I won't say anything about the immorality because differentiating between male and female sexual experiences is incredibly bigoted and I don't believe this is what was meant by their message at all. I'd expect a similarly advanced fleshlight to be refused on the same grounds as this toy, despite being built for men. I don't think it's fair that this product, advanced as though it might be, is put in the same category as fully articulated sex robots. That's not really the EU failing, that's just poor countries being poor. A smart businessman will export his goods for the highest price to make more money if he can. That will lead to shittier products sold in poor countries, but it also brings food to the table of the farmers. It's not as if Poland and Hungary would have been booming economic superpowers if it hadn't been for the EU. The people fleeing their country because of the lack of jobs won't suddenly find new jobs if they can't leave. The exploitation of cheap, foreign labour is an issue though and it's not just hurting the people being exploited; the natives of the country the exploitation takes place in will see their wages drop if some shady outsourcing company can have the same work done for half the price. Those old people don't want their assets wiped by someone who can barely understand their language either but they need to put up with it because of cost-saving measures that has degraded the level of care. This is something the EU can change, but the many labourers who'd be out of a job if the EU added more restrictions to foreign travel wouldn't agree with changing the policy to make them unemployed. The double production line issue would just come back in a different fashion if quality goods weren't exported; there'd be no money to be made selling most of the goods, so they either become a luxury product or only the cheap, garbage production line remains. Despite all the known problems, countries like Albania, Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Serbia are all applying for (or already negotiating) a position within the EU. If they would really be better off without the "dysfunctional" EU, they'd form their own bloc or remain independent. Even for poor countries, the EU brings benefits. With the shutdown of nuclear reactors, Germany is starting to rely more and more on coal plants to provide a stable source of power that isn't dependent on weather patterns (sun for solar panels, rainfall for hydro electric). Up to a point that's true. Low-speed roads are fine for mixing bikes and cars but once cars start going twice as fast as bikes (say, 40-50kph) you need separated bike lanes to have a safe biking experience. If you don't, bikes are likely to cause either massive safety risks or huge traffic slowdowns, which themselves can be a safety risk. The same can be said for these scooters. Pedestrians walk at about 5kph; Lime scooters (at least the Lime-S ones) can go up to about 25kph. That's 5x the pedestrian speed; that's like biking on a road where people drive 100kph. These scooters should be treated like bikes, not like pedestrians. A safe traffic segregation would be pedestrians separated from bikes separated from motor traffic, with anything going above 10kph classified as bikes. There was a civil lawsuit and Huawei won. This is probably just part of the general witch hunt the US is undertaking against Huawei. Don't forget the Stagefright-like bug in iOS where a malformed TIFF file could lead to remote code execution! I've seen people that had their default background colours to dark green since the Windows 95 era. This is not a new trend. It's just not as common anymore as it used to be back when you as a user could specify easily how you want your system to look. Is it a PWA? I didn't get the normal "add to your homescreen" popup and manually adding it to my homescreen adds a bookmark instead of opening in a separate instance. I think this is just a regular old website with strange javascript libraries. The footer says it's based on Polymer and Hugo, perhaps they don't play along well with Safari? Strange how Safari still has trouble with PWAs, web applications were one of the main selling points of the original iPhone... I love Matrix and I am planning on running a home server of my own and integrate it with all the different chat services I use. Last time I checked there was the Matrix reference implementation and Riot. Today, there's a bunch of gorgeous Matrix clients that I can see people actually use. Alternative clients like Fractal and Nheko can make or break the ecosystem and I'm glad to see continuous improvement in that area. It's especially nice to see the cross-signing proposal approved, as trying out just a few Matrix clients over time has added 9 separate keys I need to approve to my account already. Stuff like this will make it easy to switch phones/desktops/apps and will be wonderful for public uptake. There's a whole bunch of bridges available for Matrix. I plan on trying the whatsapp and telegram bridges, and maybe discord as well. There's a list here: https://matrix.org/docs/projects/bridges The "cable" has WiFi, so it's probably possible to set up a hidden WiFi network around the premises of the target and have the implant connect with that. With the right type of antenna you can set up a WiFi connection to a specific device from quite a way away. Then tunnel the connection from your malicious AP and emulate ethernet on the USB side of the implant. Or, search for open/guest networks and use those as an uplink. There's plenty of possibilities for this to work as a malicious network adaptor. However, I think the network example is just a proof of concept and the remote connectivity is much more interesting to any real attacker. In my experience, there are actually networks that throttle certain kinds of traffic. For example, on the WiFi on Blauwnet trains I can connect to my OpenVPN server but WireGuard just doesn't seem to make it through. I assume this is because of a combination of unknown ports + UDP + uncommon protocols. I think the trick to bypass this kind of nonsense is to use port 443/1194/53 so QoS + firewall rules will still allow the VPN to pass through. Haven't tested it yet, but in my experience non-default ports only make the problem worse. Most filtering/QoS services are pretty dumb and will just match source and destination ports; most firewalls will just plain ignore everything targeted at port 443 because the moment you start messing with HTTPS, you're in for a world of pain. Because WireGuard uses UDP, it's possible to listen on port 443 even if you're already hosting an HTTPS website. Sadly, you won't be able to use QUIC or HTTP3 if you do, but I don't think that's much of an issue these days. To humans, 01 is the same as 1. To computers, there's two integers separated by a slash. While it's true that there's a leading 0 on the card itself, there's no reason not to just split on the / and convert both sides to integers. Actually, the EU privacy laws already forbid loads of data being stored in countries where the privacy of that data might not be maintained. When the US was ruled as not trustworthy enough, the Privacy Shield agreement was quickly thrown together. That's currently why some sensitive information about European citizens is allowed to be stored on US soil. However, acts like these (Cloud act, PATRIOT act, etc.) make me, as a European, very uncomfortable. I hope the EU will take action against the US. Russia and China already have regulations that certain information can only be stored inside their own country's borders and MS Outlook still works fine; there's no need for the EU to just take crap like this without putting up a fight. If you want bang for your buck, Contabo (Germany) might be for you. If you want reliable service, Leaseweb is based in the EU (Netherlands). There's also OVH (French) which provides decent service with their cheaper subsidiary Kimsufi (super cheap, older model dedicated servers). As for companies which I don't know much about quality wise, there's Strato (German I believe), CloudVPS (Netherlands), Hetzner (Germany) and Upcloud (Finland). I only know about North Western European hosting providers, but I assume there's loads more across the continent. TPMs have been in phones for years actually, both iPhones and Android phones. The iPhone chips have become a lot better the last year or two though. Some apps, like government or banking apps, actually have been using ARM TrustZone (and probably Apple's T2 chip) for secret storage already. If you use krypt.co, you can store ssh and GPG keys on your phone's TPM, as well as a secret key for use with a browser addon to facilitate WebAuthn. So, you can already use your phone as the "thing you have". I've never heard about "Web Design 3.0" before, but now I know a term to describe websites that care more about artistic expression than bringing across information. Seriously, most of the examples of "Web Design 3.0" look like a piece of modern art. That's great for showcasing your portfolio as a web designer, but if you try to be artsy with the menu of your restaurant I'm going to the competitor. Compare the "Web 2.0 vs Web 3.0 in MS Word" comparison. On the left: "Web 2.0" (looks like "Web 1.0" to me) with quickly skimmable paragraphs, concise information and a clear overview of where to look for what information. On the right, a flat-out clusterfuck of random boxes and pictures that doesn't tell you anything at all. By the way, we already had free positioning in the "old" web; stacked floats and absolute positioning are nothing new. It became easier with flexbox and css grids, but only for people writing actual HTML/CSS. Whenever I see a website made by a tool like this, I generally don't even bother reading what it has to say. The themes are always form-over-function with huge swathes of whitespace and PNGs that suck up my mobile data. If you're a designer and looking to make a website, please get someone competent to write proper code for you instead of wasting your design on an awful tool like this. I assume there's tons of Indian blogs that are just fine, but for some reason most of the time I see blog posts without any depth but full of buzz words being spammed around, they're written by someone from India (and less often Pakistan). Now it could be that this is just purely because because there's more Indian blogs, making the percentage of spam blogs higher, or because there's three or four people spamming their useless blogs everywhere, but I do hesitate to click blogs with the .in TLD these days. Probably just a few assets ruining for the whole group, but in my circle Indian blogs do tend to have a bad rep. I've never even thought about clipboard managers for Android. While I can see the lack of such tools might limit some users' productivity, I think the overal result of a change is still a positive one. I'd much rather see background clipboard access as a separate permission classified as "dangerous", but I doubt most people won't just click allow till the prompts stop happening. Maybe things would improve if aside from a permission, a notification would appear each time an app is accessing/has recently accessed the clipboard, with the option to mute notification sounds about specific apps. That way, background clipboard access is discouraged yet still available. Actually, there's still massive growth in countries like India, China, but also Ethiopia. As other countries start improving their economy, the economic boom of post WW2 America seems to finally wear off while at the same time the computer revolution is making short work of old-fashioned manual labor. That's great for humanity in general, as more people can have better lives, but it comes at the cost of luxuries to the already rich countries. I expect the economy in the west to decline in the next 20 or 30 years as more developing countries are getting their economies in line. With China investing massively in the African continent and with the enormous natural wealth Africa possesses, we can probably expect Africa to turn into a major economic power somewhere in the next 50-100 years. If Microsoft can make the Mac version perform as well as the Windows version, this is good news for Apple users. Apple's current attempt at antiviral software seems to be "prevent infection by making it tough to run malware" combined with a very simple signature based system. This approach works for people who k ow not to click strange links, but as long as people give their life savings away to scammers pretending to be the IRS or Microsoft, people will just open random software from the Internet as long as someone is telling them how to open the relevant executables. Linux is much the same way (are there even antivirus products for Linux other than ClamAV?) despite half the Internet running on mostly-unprotected Linux servers. However, due to the lack of signatures available on macOS viruses, I do wonder how effective MS Defender will be. There's various interpreters and shells available by default which make it easy to write an obfuscated virus script for OSX (python, Ruby, bash, and so on) which is not as relevant ik the Windows world. To the people who complain about "bloatware" being forced onto their machine: you're just as likely to get infected by a virus as the other techie people in your company running Windows or Linux. How can you blame your boss for wanting to prevent getting hacked? Apple's own AV is just not up to the task. Based on what I've read about the native "protection" macOS provides, there's no real alternative way to scan files on-access other than to place hooks. However, if you look at the performance on Windows, Windows Defender is one of the best scanners out there. While some sort of added bottleneck is inevitable (especially during workloads like compiling software or downloading thousands of small files (NPM/Composer/etc)), I wouldn't be surprised if regular users wouldn't notice such an extensive slowdown in their daily work. Perhaps to some extent the Windows and Mac version share a portion of their code, but at kernel level the Windows Defender system is simply incompatible with macOS. A redesign of the performance-limiting features is a necessity in this case, so I strongly doubt the "people who know Windows" were the ones that designed the kernel interface layer. Basically, expect small freezes during compilation, but not crashes. It's true AV software won't fix behaviour. However, plenty of software gets exploited. There was a news item a few years back when pirated versions of Xcode inserted malware into some iOS apps; several big software projects have had their servers hacked, serving malware through official download links. AV won't fix users wanting to launch pirated games or software from sketchy sources for example. However, it can fix malware placed on a system after an exploit. I have more faith into Microsoft and their Defender suite than any commercial AV vendor or Apple itself. Right now, people are using Sophos or McAfee or Bitdefender on corporate Apple devices; none of those have a good reputation with me. I'd strongly prefer Microsoft's AV solution over any existing macOS security suite. As for performance, any AV will cause some performance drops if you enable live scanning or during periodic scans. Having a macbook scan overnight does not cause an issue, having live scanning running during compilation will slaughter performance. The performance impact is up to how the AV is configured. I'm not sure what law that's included in, but it's not part of GDPR. Might be the copyright reform, but comments should still be fine with that. The GDPR doesn't say anything about requiring automated systems do do any of this. The volume of erasure requests is so low that I doubt it would even be worth it for Microsoft to invest in such a system. MSDN comments still exist and Microsoft operates several forums. Perhaps GDPR is a questionable excuse for some lazy sysadmin not wanting to migrate comments, but it doesn't fly here. Is there a good reason why running this requires you to install a certificate authority? I get that this might be because of software signing requirements on Windows, but in that case you should bundle a script that generates+signs the build using a local certificate instead of loading a random CA into the system trust source. You can generate your own CA using common open source software (openssl is often used) and use that to sign your packages (and sign any intranet websites you can't be bothered to set up letsencrypt for). This website has a nice intro into running your own CA: https://roll.urown.net/ca/index.html You can use the CA itself or an intermediary to sign your software. However, be aware that this will only work on computers with your personal CA installed in the trust store. I'm pretty sure network admin related versions of Windows also have tooling for operations like this but I have no experience with those. Be warned though, a self-signed CA can be dangerous if someone else gets their hands on your private key. I myself have set up intermediary CAs to deal with HTTPS certificates or code signing certs so I can store the CA private key somewhere safe. Interesting. If turning on developer options also allows you to run unsigned software, I don't see any advantages at all for installing this random certificate authority. Thank you for your explanation. For the general consumer maybe, but for media distributors the story might be a bit more worrying. Some forms of DRM keep the keys in special areas of the processor such as these and any key leaks might allow for recording or piracy of very stringently controlled content. If the leak is bad enough, the license holder might urge distribution platforms to have certain models of Intel CPU where these exploits are most successful against blocked from playing certain content. I doubt this will happen any time soon but there might just be indirect consequences of such inconsequential data leaks. What would removing Firefox accomplish? Why would students not just download one of the bazillion Chrome VPN addons? Or regular VPNs that they can just turn on and off? How is _removing Firefox_ a solution? What these schools need is to set up sensible group policies. Managing BYOD on a school with kids (as opposed to grown-up people whose jobs are on the line) is simply impossible. Very interesting concept, although not very usable for me as it stands right now. This collection of settings disables features like HTTP/2 and websockets for some reason. Furthermore, if you're the only person in your city using Firefox with very different behaviour, that just makes you easier to fingerprint. If you want to resist fingerprinting, wait for Firefox's fingerprint protection to advance and keep everything as close to default as possible instead. With some effort, yes: https://github.com/ghacksuserjs/ghacks-user.js/wiki/1.6-Fire... It doesn't work on iOS because Firefox on iOS isn't really Firefox but just a Safari webview with a bunch of extra features and a different logo. This isn't a local news website though, it's a branch of Fox News pretending to be a local news site ("affiliate television station"). As a tip to you/your company: unlike Chrome and most Chrome-based browsers, Firefox for Android has a separate root certificate store and your old devices will still be able to access Letsencrypt websites if you switch browsers. Netflix can't really be cached anyway because of DRM + rotating keys. You'd need to cache for every device (type/model) and get the big wigs from Hollywood to accept allowing data storage in caches everywhere. Also, I don't want my employer to know what movies I'm watching. I'd personally opt out (or not use Netflix) if this became an option. That's true about Netflix, large networks can apply for boxes with Netflix caches for free (or at least they used to be free, maybe there's a small cost today) if they want to reduce load on their peering/network. I don't see how Roman gladiatorial combat is so different from modern sports. The only major difference is the fact that nearly all gladiators were slaves, but otherwise I see no difference between gladiators and UFC fighting tournaments (or for that matter, American football). I just don't see the peak decadence point. I think the idea is that Europe would rip out all Huawei components after the scandal, requiring a revamp of both 4G and 5G networks. I doubt the US is that much ahead of Europe. It's true 5G networks are yet to really roll out, but with the higher population density the 4G coverage and residential internet is better in most of Europe, making the current 4G network suffice for now for many people. "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity" Some lazy engineer probably added the feature as a remote monitoring/debugging tool with no regard for security because it needed to work before the next big release. Disabling the feature before the next release would probably break all kinds of support and monitoring, potentially leading to instability or them being unable to service failing equipment. I've been using KDE Connect on my phone with GSConnect in Gnome and I can safely say that KDE connect is what made me boot Linux more than Windows. I've been dual booting for ages but the ability to copy text and send files across the network with a standardised interface made my life a load easier. How is Germany bad for free privacy or speech? Any location out of easy reach for China and the NSA is a plus for me. Depending on your bank you might be able to import transactions with the tool I use for my finances ( https://firefly-iii.org/ ): it can import using the Spectre/Salt Edge API or through CSV files. Why are they using a custom distro? Is it just different graphics or do they have changes significant enough that a customised Ubuntu installer wouldn't suffice? Does anyone have a screenshot of the rejected Android Auto app? Because my experience with apps from privatised government bodies isn't great and I can easily see how such an organisation can indeed create a buggy or unsafe app and cry wolf when they get caught out doing so. I remember downloading the Visual Studio 2008 documentation and installing it locally on my PC. The docs were well put together and integrated neatly with the IDE. This stopped when they switched to a new offline help viewer (probably for valid reasons but still) that just didn't work well enough to replace the old one for me. That being said, most Microsoft documentation is still top notch once you use Google (or god forbid, Bing) to find the right article. I can see improvements to readability and accessibility of the site every once in a while but I kinda just want to the old docs back. They contained a beginners guide that didn't require clicking around a bunch of links to avoid the video tutorials, for example Even if Huawei would let you unlock the bootloader properly, using LineageOS on an unauthorized device (such as upcoming Huawei devices) would be a pain. Google recently started requiring you to register a device with your account for every unauthorized device running Play Services (that is, a device that didn't get certified; certified devices running custom ROMs don't have this limitation) and apps might not show up. Netflix is not available for rooted devices, for example, and probably won't be on uncertified devices either. I don't think it's the people who are worried about Huawei though; this whole thing reeks of US government power play, trying to protect US businesses over the backs of consumers. Let's be honest, if Huawei (sponsored by the Chinese government) creates their own open/shared OS together with other Chinese manufacturers, Chinese people will switch eventually. If WeChat is ported to the new OS, other apps will soon follow. The result: a Chinese OS that's completely independent of American manufacturers. It's also possible that this will cause Huawei and the Chinese government to pour funding into Chinese chip designs. Eventually, China will become less dependent on the US and the US will lose another point of influence. Is this bad for Huawei in the short term? Of course. But is this hurting the Chinese economy in the long term? I don't think so. Why did it take ten months to apply a (what I presume is reasonably simple) change to the firmware reset functionality? All they needed to do was wipe the config backup files when a user factory resets their device and unset a bunch of variables. A company with as much resources as Apple should not be given this much time before publication. A Project Zero-like 90 days grace period should be fine, especially as you need either physical or SSH access to such a device. I know Apple tries to make people who report bugs stick to their procedures and agenda but taking over 300 days to roll out a patch for a product that was not seeing any active development regardless? That's quite a lot of patience to keep. Will this service be available on the web? I get the feeling that this will only be available on iOS, meaning that you lose access to all your accounts if you decide to switch to Android. This depends on the service. I believe many authentication services actually use cross-tab communication (so they open a tab/window and can exchange messages as long as both are open). AFAIK Google makes use of that method and other one-click providers do too. That is, however, more difficult than just setting third-party cookies so smaller authentication services might choose not to use such functionality. If Chrome or Edge follows in this path though, websites won't have a choice but to make things work with this feature enabled. Welp, there we go. I was surprised to see Apple introduce a feature that improved things for their customers without some ridiculous restriction and here we are: mandatory inclusion for app developers. Good job Apple, you raised your image only to crush it again with anticompetitive bullshit. Google should just add a similar requirement in response. With this rule Apple is forcing their signup method to be taken up across all platforms (web, Android, iOS) because you can't only enable logging in with Apple on one platform. If Google were to implement the same requirement, any cross platform app with Apple's login would also now have a Log in with Google button, making sure that Apple won't be getting any Oauth monopoly any time soon just to keep them in check. The drop in download speed is quite disappointing in my opinion. Possibly this can be solved by using more powerful hardware for the WiFi router, of course, but not being able to handle 70mbps can indicate possible bottlenecks on the future. I'd be interested in seeing the difference between connecting the 4G stick to a PC instead of to the OpenWRT modem to see if the real bottleneck isn't actually in the receiver. In my experience, Firefox with the Bitwarden addon installed syncs well without requiring you to install any Google services. The obvious downside being that you need to open Firefox to copy your password, but that can probably be worked around by adding a shortcut to the Bitwarden addon page to the home screen. I don't know what you mean with "one tap away from losing all your tabs" though, perhaps you have an issue I haven't encountered yet. I personally never lose any Firefox tabs, even if I manage to make it crash somehow; I suppose what I'm trying to say is you might want to try Firefox again to see if the situation has improved. As for maps and navigation, you might try Maps [0] or Here Maps [1] (if that runs without play services, I assume so with Microsoft behind it). Of course, an old copy of GMaps works fine, but Maps [0] is open source, which one might likely favour on a Google-less phone. [0]: https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.github.axet.maps/ [1]: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.here.app.m... > The comprehensive federal review of JPL’s systems stemmed from an April 2018 incident when someone at JPL attached the Raspberry Pi to the network there for an unknown purpose Basically, someone plugged in a computer to the corporate network that happened to be a Raspberry Pi. Might as well have been a Beaglebone, a Banana Pi or an Intel NUC for that matter. I've never seen any proof of China actually using their exported devices for spying purposes. At most you can say their smart phones are leaking personal information back to China, but Google is no different. The Chinese do, however, excel at industrial espionage through many means. In fact, they're so good at it that I've rarely seen reports of industrial espionage where the allegations actually stick in court. In the same way that I don't see Microsoft and Google as American spying operations on the rest of the world. There's very little stopping the US government from forcing Google to give up my information "because of national security" but the Snowden leaks proved that the US government doesn't work that direct. Still, I don't see Android phones as international espionage devices. Perhaps your opinion may vary, but so far the most conclusive proof of spying is against the US and UK government, both of which are screaming at everyone that big evil China is trying to steal all of our secrets. Maybe it some kind of distraction manoeuvre ("we're spying but only because they're doing it!") but the anti Huawei hysteria is greatly exaggerated. That too is relative. My copy of Thunderbird with 6 open emails from six open mailboxes is consuming about 170MB of memory right now, and that's hosting a fully-featured browser to view emails. Granted, that's reserved memory, but that's the only memory you really need to worry about anyway. Of course, native doesn't make a program automatically use less RAM. It does start with a lower footprint through, meaning that you can keep an eye on memory usage without relying on ugly hacks in your code. I personally see Brickerbot as the IoT version of Shodan. Port scanning and probing is considered illegal and immoral in many countries around the world yet Shodan has made the Internet more secure, by opening access to port scanning and making it impossible for companies to just "hide" new tools. I'd prefer to see ISPs/governments taking action against dangerous IoT devices in their network (sending probes to vulnerable devices and blocking Internet access until the owners of the devices have secured their shit or provide proof of running a honeypot). We can't really expect such measures from companies right now, but a tool like Brickerbot might kickstart a movement. I'd prefer the bot to just change the password and disable vulnerable services though (which still might brick devices if their web servers are vulnerable). Still, I do believe that why device fallen to Brickerbot would have fallen to any other botnet within days anyway, so the botnet is not inherently bad in my opinion. This problem should stary disappearing as soon as legislation is introduced by governments to make the parties producing software or hardware responsible for the stuff they dump on the open market. Until then, steps have to be taken to stop DDoS attacks as they are getting worse and worse. That depends on the way legislation is written of course. If you provide an open source package for free, there's no real transaction so you can't claim responsibility from anyone. Same if it's a free closed source product. But, if you sell software and neglect security issues within the warranty of said product, you should be held accountable, open source or not. Such legislation should not be there to allow (class action) lawsuits but should be upheld by a government body, responding to complaints from the general public. Problems with open source can also be solved by requiring companies who do not wish to take responsibility to give users to either sign a waiver (explicit, no TOS bullshit) or return the product immediately in exchange for money back. With open source software, there is no money given, so no problem. With closes source software, this highlights the vendor's behaviour regarding security support and might make consumers think twice before going with certain vendors. Another way to do this would be to require vendors to put a clearly visible, standardised sticker/tag/image on their products detailing the support life cycle (warranty / software updates / security updates), similar to the nutrition information found on many food products. That way, consumers can shop around or hold a company responsible of their smart thermostat suddenly stops working because the company behind it got bought out by Google. There are tons of variations of bases for legislation, but I don't see why physical and digital goods are that different. If my CCTV system short cirtcuits and causes a fire, the company behind it can be held responsible for mot recalling the decices if the flaw was well known. If my CCTV camera has a known flaw that let's hackers in without authentication to record my alarm code so that they can break in, suddenly we're in the wild west of software support where you're on your own. Why is there such a difference? I can't get it to work with my custom certificate authority (which I use to analyse traffic coming from my phone every now and then to see if any apps are leaking personal info). Also, though I know better, I also have some intranet services running with a certificate signed by that authority because the domains are dynamically generated and I can't automate my DNS to get wildcard letsencrypt certificates. Normal mobile Firefox has their own cert store, so you can import it by clicking a link to the certificate and hitting OK. Other apps use the system certificate store so I have imported my certificate into there as well. Sadly, it still doesn't work. My specific use case may not be very common, but certificate authorities in BYOD companies aren't uncommon either. I can't use this for my daily driver until I can import my certificate :( The new system is very interesting though, the idea of separate browsing behaviours between devices can be a game changer if they implement it smoothly. Thanks, I just subscribed to the issue. Seems like it's blocked by a Bugzilla issue that didn't get updated in five months. I guess it's gonna be a while until I switch browsers. There's a bunch of cases denoted over at nmap.org [0]. Also, regardless of law, if you try to do a full probing port scan of certain military IP ranges in many countries, you might get a visit from a couple of not-so-friendly people regardless of legislation. [0] https://nmap.org/book/legal-issues.html Whent talking about alternatives, Signal and WhatsApp get mentioned because they're easy to use. They are. Signal is pretty secure. WhatsApp probably is as well but we can't be sure. That is, until it isn't anymore. WhatsApp already has a key extraction protocol built right in for its Web interface. Signal has a web (Electron) interface as well, and a shitty one at that, where the messages also get decrypted. For WhatsApp, this means you're one line of code away from Facebook extracting your private keys. Signal is different, in that they're not a for profit company. However, they've shown in the past that they are under no circumstances willing to allow support of any unofficial client or federate with another. In fact, they've taken steps against alternative clients on the past, making it clear that only their client is allowed to use the signal system. The moment the signal servers go out, Signal becomes unusable. This also leaves signal in the same position as WhatsApp, where we are dependent on one person compiling the app and publishing it on whatever app store you prefer. If signal has any Australian contributors and their code review fails sufficiently this means you're basically toast the moment the Australian government gets annoyed at a particular signal user enough. Very few real alternatives to PGP exist. PGP is not just a message encryption format, it's a _federated_ message encryption format. There are very few actual federated message standards that come close to the features PGP supports. There's S/MIME, but that's only available after paying an expensive company for it to be of any use because it's validated as a normal TLS certificate and the free vert providers don't do S/MIME. If all of these "real cryptographers" disagreeing with PGP's design would design a new system that can be used the same way PGP is used, I'm sure we'd see that getting some good usage figures quite quickly. But all alternatives seem to focus on either signing OR encrypting OR the latest secure messaging app instead of a PGP replacement. Telegrams crypto is based on their own, contested protocol and is disabled by default. Telling someone to use that for secure communications is difficult because you also need to remind people to turn on encrypted communications. Furthermore, signal and WhatsApp do e2e in group chats where telegram doesn't. Dont get me wrong, I use Telegram daily (it's desktop clients far outperform any of its competitors), but it's not as secure as WhatsApp or Signal. I'd classify Telegram as "maybe secure" but I wouldn't recommend it to people depending on the security of their messenger application. Fair enough, I suppose it's more of a plaintext extraction protocol. Still, it would take just one decision by Facebook to completely disable e2e or add an actual key extraction method to WhatsApp and there's nothing you can do about it. While WhatsApp is the most secure of all conventional chat apps, it's certainly not a replacement for PGP in most use cases. American and European companies and organisations put on loads of protest against acts like SOPA and Article 13. I don't see why this is any different. Just because a nation state decides on something doesn't mean that foreign entities can't protest that decision. Firefox and Chrome can add very scary warnings to users about government sabotage if they want to; they can even start including ads for Tor and comparable services if they want to. Blocking the cert would at most be very consumer-unfriendly to people wanting the certificate to be in place. If they disagree with a particular browser vendor, those people can switch browsers or fork an open source one. Mozilla's job is to provide a safe and open web. The Kazakh government is opposing that. In this case, it's perfectly in line with Mozilla's mission to warn users as best they can against the scary precedent their government is setting. Of course this only works well if Google, Microsoft and Apple join the effort to warn users. Google is already showing a constant warning on Android when a device is being MitM'd and many of their apps do certificate pinning. Facebook and Twitter do certificate pinning in their apps as well. I don't see why browsers couldn't take action as well. Just don't show any green locks during a MitM and show periodic notifications about the users' security being compromised. Block the certificate if you have to; as a party people rely on for choosing what certificate authorities to trust, they can't allow themselves to be compromised by governments enforcing laws endangering the safety of the web. Wow, I knew Firefox warns for these by default so I thought nobody would ever use this for a phishing attack anymore but it looks like Chrome just meekly follows the standard. That's too bad, really, this is a very easy way to create very realistic phishing mails. This can be very helpful in the future for playing games with strange 16-bit-mixed-with-32-bit installers that fail to run properly on modern Windows, even 32-bit versions. I hope WSL2 comes out soon. Now that installing wine in Linux on windows is possible, the next step becomes clear. We must compile and run cygwin on wine in Linux on Windows. MS is already running a similar system to translate 32-bit applications to 64-bit mode (WOW64). Keeping compatibility with 16-bit would have big consequences for the NTVDM. The alternative would be to run NTVDM on top of WOW64 but such a system would be a recipe for disaster. I don't think the compatibility with 16-bit systems is worth the headache/expense. As long as 32-bit Windows exists, you can still run the few relevant and compatible DOS applications so I doubt anyone is missing much aside from a few nostalgic gamers. No. WSL is a part of the NT kernel (part of their modular architecture, quite cool to read about) and can't be replicated with an alternative program loader like Wine. You'd need to run a whole new copy of the kernel to get a second instance of WSL, which can already be done through virtualization. Quite a sad ending for a security vulnerability that can probably be fixed by correcting a few permissions. Sayinf privilege escalation doesn't count because you need to place a file on the file system is a nonsense excuse. It's saying "yeah well it's not our problem that we give a process full system rights because the user already opened something else in low privilege mode". I hope those scada systems aren't running on regular Windows. If they are, they should be running on Win10 LTSB on 32-bit so they should keep working till at least 2025 if XP's level of compatibility was good enough to run them. If they can't be run on that, there's still MS-DOS licenses being sold and FreeDOS might also serve them in a pinch. If a system is not maintained for long enough that it's still running in compatibility mode, you might ask well just disconnect the network cable and run Windows 3.11/95/98. Microsoft is not at fault for the manufacturer not maintaining their systems. In that case you either were aware of the risk of your device breaking down in the future and have started looking into migrations or workarounds the moment the news hit, you took the risk that didn't happen and now have to deal with the consequences or you just didn't plan ahead enough. Just keep running the older version of Windows that worked with the device. Add a couple of layers of configurations, firewalls, VPNs, traffic monitoring and whatnot inbetween to reduce the risk and don't connect the device to the internet. Your solar panel farm doesn't need to access Gmail or run Windows 10. Your obscure SCADA device is your responsibility. The switchover to 32bit had been announced 20 years ago and the switchover to 64bit 10 years ago. Also, if the manufacturer doesn't exist anymore, where are you going to source replacement parts? > Faster, smaller, and more secure, yet the say it's the backup plan. Something's rotten somewhere. Yes, and that rotten thing is the app ecosystem. Without apps, nobody will use your smartphone. From what I've seen, HarmonyOS tries to be compatible with Android, but knowing the difficulty Microsoft and Blackberry had with getting the Android API to work a few years ago (before the many complications that have been layered on top since), I don't expect much from it. I think a switch of mobile OS will go down about as well as Windows Phone. Only if they port most important apps and games (phone gaming is big in China), their custom OS just won't get the popularity to get its own full app ecosystem. Why? Huawei is the only brand that has been banned from Android in such a way. There's still plenty of Chinese brands available. Huawei makes up about a third of the Chinese smart phone market according to counterpoint.com[1]. If Huawei were to drop Android, that would be a huge win for Vivo, Oppo and Xiaomi, not necessarily a huge loss for Android. [1]: https://www.counterpointresearch.com/china-smartphone-share/ Agreed. Requiring consent for such a basic feeling feels like data extortion to me, there's stuff about that in various GDPR implementations. When I last looked I to it, it turned out that blocking certain scripts from Google blocked page rendering and only showed the page in full when the browser eventually gave up trying to load the blocked resources. 1080p streaming on other services will reach the 1TB cap much quicker. YouTube compression is much more intense than Netflix compression, depending on the show: Netflix picks optimal compression parameters based on the type of show or movie you're watching. With my tendencies to watch a lot of video content, I myself easily hit over 1.5TB of data consumption each month. Luckily my ISP doesn't do any data caps so I don't have to worry. The average wage in India is a little above 5 dollars a day. That's about 160 dollars a month. Translated to American wage standards, the $238 dollar iPhone would cost about $6000 (1.5 the average monthly wage). A $238 dollar smartphone is inaccessible to most people in India. A "well under $1000 dollar" iPhone much less so. Dollar values don't really translate as well to other countries as much as we'd like. Translating the price to a month's wage can bring a lot of perspective. Knowing Apple, such an effort would likely be destroyed by an army of lawyers the moment you bring out an app that provides such features. The Apple ecosystem is very closed and Apple will fight tooth and nail to keep it that way. Removing vendor lock-in would, after all, allow users to try switching to another brand without an enormous amount of hassle. I'd say for most web content, minimal JS gives the best experience. With all the integration and UI improvements browsers have gone through the past ten years, all most content needs is some CSS to add a theme and some minor readability tweaks, except if there's some interactive animation that add value to the content on the web page. You don't even need JS for videos or audio anymore, it's all there in the browser. It's sad how most websites these days are fully-featured web applications. Take this blog page by Google. A simple web page with some pictures loading over 300kB of Javascript libraries and tooling. And this isn't even an exception. It's sad, really, and a waste of readers' bandwidth. > So while I sympathise with the rage quit, I don't think it's realistic to release code and just expect users to understand - never mind accept - the terms you set for its use. I think it's perfectly fine to expect users to understand the terms. They downloaded a piece of code for free from a website with no company or support programme other than "hey I hope this is helpful, if you run into any issues I might be able to help over email". If it turns out that the author can't or won't help, accept your loss and fix it yourself, pay someone to fix it for you or wait for another volunteer to fix it. Alternatively, they bought some kind of product that included the code. If this product breaks, they must go to the company that makes the product, not the author of some library it uses. It's not like you're going to expect some sparkplug manufacturer to come up with a fix for your car when it breaks down, do you? People who feel entitled to anything when they get something for free are selfish assholes and should not be defended. They know fully well that they don't have any right for support, but they will make demands regardless, hoping that the other party will break and give in. I agree that you need to have a plan for people like this, but in most cases, that plan is "I'll just drop the project if it becomes too much of a hassle". And in my opinion, that's a fine plan. I find it hard to blame the software error for this. Of course it's tragic that these kids killed themselves over a wrong result, but what about the kids who do the same after actually failing their exams? Blaming the software for the extreme pressure and stress feels like a cop-out to me, especially after reading that (at least) this one student had the option to redo the exams. Software can have bugs, people can make mistakes, mistaken bad grades happen regardless of whether software is involved or not. The real cause for the deaths of these people is the pressure put on them/they put on themselves, and the value people assign to these grades. I don't know if KDE connect is available on iOS, but that provides phone integration without effort. Copy/paste across devices, file access/browsing/sharing across devices, remote input, media player control, notification synchronisation and text messaging is all available through KDE connect. If you run Gnome instead of KDE, GSConnect also works very well. iMessage integration won't happen because Apple has closed down their API. There have been reverse engineering efforts but such a system is never reliable enough for comfortable desktop integration imo. I've never come across iMessage lock-in as everyone I know either uses WhatsApp, Telegram or plain old SMS so I don't know what limitations you might run into in your setup. Come to think of it, KDE connect on iOS won't happen (GPL conflict with app store, restrictions to apps, limitations on background execution). I suppose I shouldn't have expected anything else from the Apple ecosystem. Interesting how one of the main selling points of Brave, the slightly-shady crypto currency thing, is not initialized on first start (unless it's hidden deep inside some JSON or done using a different kind of network protocol). I suppose this is because they put it behind another layer of privacy agreements and terms of service. This is an improvement from the last time I tried it. They also added confirmation that a website is actually open to receiving tokens now, that's nice as well. If Brave wasn't Chrome-based, I would've tried it. Sadly, the world seems to be converging on Google's One True Browser Engine and I don't want to support that. An update to an ad library is what caused the malicious code in the first place. Presumably either the infected library was updated again or the developers switched libraries. The developers behind this app did not add any malicious code they wrote themselves. The attack either came from the ad library or the ad library was hacked. Google auth credentials: not without root (which malware might get if your device isn't up to dage ons security patches) Read screen: not without permission, even then not on protected screens, unless the malware has gained root access If the app doesn't get root, the Android sandbox should protect you sufficiently against attacks on the key store of Google Authenticator. However, if you copy the code to the device clipboard, the malware might read the code from there. They tried. Several times. Google Talk / Hangouts was an early attempt; Allo tried again when Hangouts didn't take the public by storm and Google needed to get Assistant out to more people. One problem with Google is that it can't keep any modern project running for more than 2 years. Such unreliability makes it difficult for people to use any new Google app as a primary means of communication. Another problem is that end-to-end encryption goes against everything Google is about: information mining. Google can't make a direct profit of such a communication system, so e2e won't happen anytime soon. Perhaps unrelated, but I appreciate the honest performance comparison graphs on this website. Instead of just showcasing how much better this piece of software is, it also clearly shows that there are cases where its competitors are performing better. Moet product pages I've seen just want to sell you their product, telling you all about how it's better than everyone else. With graphs like these, I find the product page to be a lot more representative and reliable than other sales pages. I wish more software developers would do this. You know what eats up RAM? Having auto-playing videos, translucent overlays and Javascript. Techradar takes 65MiB of RAM to display, including ad blocking by pi-hole and several add-ons. Hacker News takes a bit more than four. Sure, Firefox will eat less RAM, but with sites like these, any browser will eat RAM like crazy. Want to stop browsers from eating RAM? Make better websites. No news website should require 6MiB of RAM just to store Javascript. This is why connected cars are hoping for a quick spread of 5G. A fully-fledged 5G network would have transmitters placed on every other lamp post with a stable connection to the backbone. With such a system, the rtt should come down to sub-50ms for high priority traffic if properly set up. The obvious downside is the amount of transmitters and fiber you need to set up for this, but the smart vehicle people are seemingly quite confident in their ability to convince operators to install such a network. A 200ms round-trip would still be comparable to some drivers on the highways right now, but it's certainly suboptimal. "How to change the scrollbar style", or, as I would like to call it, "it's more important that my site looks pretty than that it's usable". Yes, if you come from MacOS, the scrollbars seem obtrusive. When you come from Windows, the entire layout of Finder looks weird as hell as well. It's what people are used to. For anyone who wants to disable scrollbar fuckery in Firefox, you can toggle these settings in about:config - layout.css.scrollbar-color.enabled - layout.css.scrollbar-width.enabled It's an example of UI design conflicting with your expectations as a user are about how things should look and work. You're right in that a working EV system can indeed protect people. However, as this article suggests, even a basic check can be very hard for CAs to implement. If you can't even do a spell check on the state or country name, can you be trusted to verify the identity of those who rely on you to meticulously verify a company? There's also the point https://stripe.ian.sh/ made: it's not just about registering the same name in a different state. People don't know in what state your (parent company) headquarters are so they would need to dig deep into the organisational structure to find out if the EV cert they're presented with isn't from a company with the same name in another state. Want to add more years of registration? Just buy an old, probably no longer used letterbox company and change the legal name. Whois info can be set to anything you want for most domain registrars as well. People will still need to find out if all the data matches. There's also this demonstration of how EV can actually be used to help phishing by using the "green address bar" and the hilariously stupid Apple address bar design: https://www.typewritten.net/writer/ev-phishing/ I believe there is value in EV certificates if you can rely on the identity verification that they come with. Sadly, most providers of EV certificates seem to view them as a way to make more money, not as a tool to bring trust to the web. An EV-like system will probably be reinvented in the future, giving us a fresh start on identify verification on the web without the crappy practises and standards that plague the EV system today. Lastly, for such a system to work, all (big) companies need EV certificates. Even before browsers started cutting back on EV UI, nobody knew what site does or doesn't have EV. Some subdomains used different certificates, some didn't have certificates at all. How do you know if a (sub)domain is supposed to have an EV certificate? Will you tell people to just not log into Facebook anymore because they don't have an EV at their login page? EV doesn't work because it's the wrong way around. For security indicators to work, you need to warn for danger instead of turning off the "everything is okay" light. The OV/EV system has been designed around the latter idea and as long as EV/OV isn't freely available all over the world, nobody's going to mark DV certificates as "insecure". Perhaps if they reside in, operate from or actively serve the US. In other parts of the world, software patents are unenforceable (as only implementations of ideas can be patented, not the ideas themselves). Based on their wordlist, they do seem to use American English (so they are probably not located in the UK) but the authors can still operate this project from anywhere in the world. Mapping some bits of data to a short set of words or pictures isn't even new, neither is the hashing step to ensure that similar coordinates don't use the same name. Validating (session) keys by hashing the key to generate a fingerprint and turning that into words (or these days, emoji) was invented before W3W was conceived. The patent itself is quite flimsy, considering it's just applying some formulas to do something that was already being done on basically any data. There was a time that I trusted HP and their products and would recommend their business line to friends and family. This has changed over the years. Crummy software updates (had to install an old version of some Intel tool to get my laptop to sleep in Windows 10) and the crapware they still bundle with Windows has made me take a step back from that position. With this move I'm done with HP. I would have accepted a simple and clear explanation and toggle to send the same information, but this is just too shitty. If anyone from HP is reading this, tell your supervisor that you've just lost another guy-that-everyone-goes-to-for-pc-advice. I hope you're happy. I'm reasonably sure this stuff doesn't fly in the EU anyway (hiding away information like this deep within some privacy document is not the clear consent the GDPR requires). Tools are becoming available though. Projects like PiHole are making it easier to block many malicious trackers. There are even companies selling pre-built PiHole devices. Unless HP is hardcoding IP addresses, it's only a matter of adding the required domains to a tracker blocklist (if they're not already on there) and most of these problems go away nearly instantaneously. I've noticed my PiHole helping a lot in regards to stuff like mobile apps (Google Analytics, Facebook Graph, etc.) and embedded devices like these are probably no exception. The "fucked up looking Microsoft ad" is an example of the malware being sent by the botnet according to the paragraph below it. It's a screenshot of a Word macro virus, it won't do anyone any harm. If Valve prefers not selling games in the EU to implementing a way to sell second hand games, sure. Remember that the French court is referencing EU law. This basically means that the practice is forbidden across the entire EU based on current jurisdiction. It's possible for Valve to introduce pay-as-you-go games, but doing so would probably violate the contract under which previously sold games were sold. This means that they still need some way to allow customers to either resell or download and resell the old games regardless of whether they will charge a fee to their users or not. They might also undo the sale of the old game, assuming the customer agrees to do that, and give back the entire paid amount spent on the platform in exchange for removing the old games. This would be a huge financial loss to the company and would only be possible if all customers agree to getting their money back. If they do charge a fee, they should expect their consumer base in Europe to shrink significantly. If Steam wants to appeal, they might be able to put the case in front of an EU judge. This will cost them even more legal fees and is likely to end in the same result. Reselling digital goods is allowed in the EU and Valve (as well as other companies like it) are breaking the law. In my opinion, just following the law would be a better choice commercially than trying to work around it. Funny how you can make the same comment about physical goods. Should we ban selling second hand furniture? With laws like this you generally have to ask what's best for the consumer. I'm not sure reselling is. The current setup gives furniture salesmen a somewhat predictable revenue model and on the strength of the model they can encourage investors to put ip money to make furniture. Changing the revenue model may change how investors look at the marker. Maybe for better maybe for worse. Who knows, but it would be a disruption if IKEA has to adopt this model worldwide. The thing that I don't like is if you allow reselling then carpenters get less long-term revenue. This will cause them to focus more on getting a big opening month than making solid furniture that might have years of appeal. Antilop is still $20 at IKEA. Maybe they only sell 100 chairs a month at this point but that's still money coming in rewarding them for investing in ergonomic chair design. I'd rather see them get rewarded for that than for dishonest advertising campaigns because 50% of their money will come from the first few weeks of sales. Why not? It's perfectly legal in the EU to sell any digital goods second hand as long as you stop using the software you sold. ... which would then make many of the in-game gambling systems illegal because it can be cashed out, which would ban a lot of the lootbox gambling games. I don't really see a problem here to be honest. I'd say yes. The steam key comes with a set of perks that made the buyer pick steam as a reseller over one of their competitors. Removing those features would degrade the value of the product and, in my opinion, be a measure to prevent proper resale of the product. When I buy a key, I don't somehow get the download to my computer before adding it to my Steam account. Steam designed their system in such a way that the installer has to come from them, and that you can't burn an installer that only works with your key. Imagine buying a chair with massage functionality and a GPS tracker that stops working when you move it outside your house. In my opinion, even though the chair itself remains functional, the added DRM would prevent someone from selling the chair second hand, because the main reason you buy the chair has suddenly been disabled by a third party. There was the famous Oracle vs UsedSoft lawsuit: https://www.theverge.com/2012/7/3/3134867/eu-court-of-justic... This basically added jurisprudence that digital downloads can be resold provided that the original is made unusable. The inherent value for a digital food also decreases over time. Top of the line graphics from ten years ago look bad in comparison to today. Story driven games get their stories spoilt over time, especially the popular ones. Compatibility with controllers and other such devices depend wildly on backwards compatibility (for example, the xbox one controller had loads of compatibility issues with games that only accepted xbox 360 controllers for a while). I would have paid 60 euros for Skyrim back in 2011. These days, I wouldn't spend more than 10-15 bucks on it if it was new. This is reflected in the price on steam as well, with it currently being sold for 15 euros. The mere passing of time decreases the value of the goods, just like using a game would. I don't know what happened that people think that selling things you don't need anymore second hand is suddenly bad just because the goods are on a computer. The car industry would love a method to stop people from buying second hand cars but consumers would never accept such limitations. Games sales aren't affected by anything past the opening quarter. A study done by the EU on piracy concluded that even piracy is barely affecting the price of games after the opening period. Reselling games will barely touch the games industry. Adding arbitrary rules just because the game industry is unhealthy isn't a solution to the problem. If I have to give up rights so that people can make some shiny toys every now and then, I don't care about those toys anymore. I don't want to give up rights to keep game developers employed because their current ecosystem is unviable. And, in my opinion, neither should you. So, in this case, suppose I lose my phone, then buy a new one, but before opening the box I find my old phone again. I have spent money on the phone but there is literally no degradation. Is selling the unnecessary phone hurting the industry? How much money is Samsung losing? The whole "perfect copy" sounds like an invented reason to stop preventing people from exercising their rights to me. I don't see why the quality of a product needs to be degraded before you're allowed to sell it. The market is as big as the amount of people playing your game at the same time, that's how it's always been up until Steam came along. Games were made before Steam and they will be made when they are sold second hand again. The only difference between hardware and software in this regard is that software actually can be prevented from being resold. I see no reason why we should. Probably Winsock-related. Sockets required third party support in DOS and required an extension program on Win3.1x, but Win95 standardised them in the OS API. So, if you as a programmer want to do sockets programming without obscure old software that probably lacks documentation, Windows 95 is the way to go. You can read about the history of winsock here: https://tangentsoft.net/wskfaq/articles/history.html No. But it works on all devices in your network (phone, computer, smart TV, WiFi connected dishwasher, etc.). I've never really understood how much tracking some apps on my phone did until I saw the graph showing lookups to Facebook's and Google's servers. In the middle of the night, a bunch of apps started trying to reach some tracking domain, something I would never have noticed if it wasn't for the graphing feature. One way I've noticed the difference with and without pihole is that most apps on my phone become ad free when I connect to my home network. On most phones ad blockers exist, but those are just another layer of software that needs to be woken when the phone wakes from deep sleep. I use pihole + uBlock in Firefox with tracking protection (on both mobile and PC) for my browsing, but Pihole saves me the effort of finding a reliable Android system ad blocker that's reasonably power efficient. I'm considering also using it on my laptop as a VM to get the same features on the go. I haven't looked into the compiled code but the source repository still shows the Bromite logo and name: https://gitlab.e.foundation/e/apps/browser The AUTHORS file also mentions being a fork of Bromite, but doesn't list any authors that aren't part of the project: https://gitlab.e.foundation/e/apps/browser/blob/master/AUTHO... It looks like your patches have been changed to renamed Bromite to Browser in user-facing code though. Have you already asked them to add a reference to Bromite somewhere in the about screen? Maybe create a pull request to make it easier for them to accept your request if the devs themselves are lazy. They obviously won't rename the browser shortcut, but adding a reference in the "About browser" section shouldn't be too much to ask for. Unrelated: I understand your position on cloud providers, but I think /e/ is different from MS or Google in that it's possible to swap out most of the integrations with your own servers (it's all a bunch of glued-together open source services, after all). Without cloud integration, I doubt /e/ would reach any sort of mainstream of non-technical cult status at all. You'd be left with an app store on top of a build of LineageOS. It's the services delivered with the system that a) distinguish the project from LineageOS without GApps and b) provide basic usability many normal users would miss otherwise. > I have not; I was expecting it, given the amount of modifications from Bromite patches (which is zero, as far as I understood). I won't lie, I would have expected the same if I were in your shoes. Thinking positively though, it's possible that the /e/ people don't care much about the attribution they themselves receive and don't realize what it means to others to be recognized for their personal hard work. Asking nicely might show them that other people in the open source community do care. The worst that can happen is that the people behind the project do indeed not care about you and are rude about it, but in that case nothing really changes anyway. Things can only improve from here, I'd say! Based on the changes I've seen, they basically replaced all instances of "Bromite" and "Chrome" in the source code with "Browser". I don't see much /e/-specific code in there at all, aside from a project description and some links in the documentation. They did add a reference to the original project to the AUTHORS file, so I'd like to believe in a variation of Hanlon's razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by laziness. > Sorry, I will avoid discussing this, it has all the clues to become an endless and inconclusive talk :) I completely agree :) As far as I know, Chromium itself doesn't support automated updating. There are third party updating tools for most platforms, but the automatic updater from Google is not used for Chromium. Reminds me of when news publishers tried to do the same in Germany and then lamented the drop in click through rate. Lobbyists for magazines and newspapers got the EU to put this law into effect and I'm glad they're going to be the ones who suffer the worst. If your news story is so short it can be explained in a thumbnail and the two lines Google shows, you don't have anything of value to protect. In that case it's simpler to find the right password entry, click edit on it and add the current domain to the list of domains it keeps for the entry. That way you won't need to mess with the copy/paste button. I use Bitwarden myself and I only need the copy/paste button for stuff like email and WiFi passwords. If you're manually copying and pasting data, you're probably overlooking one of the many (sometimes not clearly indicated) features Bitwarden has. Hope this helps! Of course! Pooh looks just like the Chinese president for life, after all. Apple is perfectly allowed to ship a newer version, they'd just have to share some of their special sauce. Not entirely unreasonable in my opinion. Apple doesn't want to ship a new version because they don't want people to see how they've modified bash. I don't know what patents or top secret features they've added to make their version of bash incompatible with GPL, as they're allowed to ship GPL code in a closed source product just fine as long as they ship it as a separate binary, but it's more important than their users' convenience apparently. Also note that Microsoft ships entire Linux distros without having a problem with GPL licensing. > As far as designing in weaknesses and/or golded keys. Well, it does not add to security, but assuming that the other nation states are already able to break encryption and read what they want, it does not weaken it either for national security reasons. Except that it's only your country whose encryption gets broken. You're basically giving your enemies free reign to spy on you and your country if you force a golden key system into use. Do you think China will use your custom crypto system? Or any other country for that matter? You end up in a situation where you _lose_ power because you want to spy on journalists, human rights activists and undesirable parts of the population. > What it does provide however are easy means to stop terrorists, pedos and drug dealers from conducting business. I can't remember the last time a law passed to hunt down the pedos/terrorists/drug dealers hasn't been used to surpress or hurt some part of the population. Remember when drug dealers just used SMS? When pedos exchanged magazines and floppies? When terrorists just called each other? And how the government, with all its wiretapping power, couldn't stop any of them? Encryption is a nice bonus for these people, but a lack of it is not stopping anyone. Tangentially, if a country would focus on properly treating addiction instead of making boogeymen out of those darn drug dealers we might actually get anywhere as a species. > Remains the risk that some bad guys could get their hands on the golden keys. Yes, design to handle that? How would that even work in a crypto system? If you have the key, you can decrypt. That's the basis of cryptography. Wishing away the glaringly obvious problem with the proposed system by telling people to "design it not to break like that" doesn't work. I'm not sure how good your algorithm is if it can only work in a specific orientation. A slightly tilted image can already cause problems for such an algorithm and many people have a hard time getting a picture with only a few degrees of rotation. It would probably be better to deal with this in an elegant way, e.g. set up the algorithm to work regardless of orientation. This seems like a (mostly) solved problem: https://d4nst.github.io/2017/01/12/image-orientation/ Depends. Based on the linked article, the picture can be completely upside down if it was taken in landscape mode. The article I linked is capable of rotating it upright regardless. After rotating to the right orientation, left and right are suddenly perfectly workable. Of course using exif data for such rotations is easier, but a tilted picture of a tilted sign can create a lot of tilt that human vision copes with fine but an orientation dependent network cannot. Exactly this. And remember that international airports are also borders! Since the release of Android 6 apps have the ability to back up data to a Google account. I don't know if all apps make use of this feature, but many of the important ones I use do. Just signing in to the right Google account will pose the question of if you want to restore data from a different device or not. There's also a backup mechanism built into ADB. This is a manual process that puts a copy of all apps and information (but probably not security keys) on your computer, optionally encrypted with a PASSWORD. Google deprecated this functionality though. See here for a short guide: https://9to5google.com/2017/11/04/how-to-backup-restore-andr... There's always TWRP/Titanium Backup if you have root access, or in the worst case scenario, starting a root shell over ADB in recovery mode and just DD-ing the entire data partition to a file in your computer. Yes, but only the international ones. About 65% of the US population lives in such a zone according to this article: https://www.citylab.com/equity/2018/05/who-lives-in-border-p... I don't know the scale of the US so I thought it was 100 miles. I got the 100 mile number from here: https://www.aclu.org/other/constitution-100-mile-border-zone If/when someone finds a way around the timer patch in your web browser (or if your browser doesn't have the patch yet for some weird reason), a website running javascript for long enough can extract kernel secrets and AES keys, a password manager's entire database, any application's authentication token and pretty much anything else in memory. Executing such an attack is difficult and unreliable, but in my opinion this also means that casting a wide net might be worth it for the attacker instead of only using the exploit kit to target specific computers. If you run any software in a virtual machine or docker app, this boundary is easily crossed. If you run any application whose supply chain might be attacked (for example, one of the million javascript files in an electron app), such an app can get root on your system through any sandboxing and virtualisation. Edit: obviously, this is a worst case scenario. I haven't heard about any Chinese law that forces its citizens to comply with spying. But, if such a law exists, hiring Chinese nationals (or people who visit China often, for example to visit family) are a risk to secret high-tech projects. The same can be said for hiring Australians dealing with software. Australia has a law that forces its citizens to comply with requests by the government to hide backdoors in code. As a consequence, anything contributed to important project by any Australian citizen is a potential risk. If your project is important enough, Australian contributions should not be accepted. Laws like this make it incredibly risky to hire people from certain nationalities in big companies or for secret projects. Governments are willing to sacrifice the economic value of their citizens for the ability to hack and spy on anyone they like and other countries should respond appropriately. If you show that you're willing to use your citizens to take aggressive action, be prepared to have your citizens refused elsewhere. Finally! Soon I won't need to start Chromium to debug something as simple as websockets anymore. I recently found out about the CSS tooling Firefox has for flexbox (they're quite hard to discover). Another feature I sometimes use in Chrome is the ability to specify my own network throttling specs (based on measured throughputs of customers and users) instead of the default profiles. It's much less of an issue than the websockets but I hope that custom network profiles become a feature as well soon. So far none of them seem advanced enough to not necessitate a virtual instance of pfSense with a shaper (to allow for burst speed/packet loss/etc.) to reliably reproduce customer network behaviour but every advancement here is a step closer to ditching my clunky setup. I actively avoid clicking imgur wherever I can because I know it fails to load half the time. I hope the people who still stick around on imgur for the community are enjoying the web application because it's clear people who just want to see an image after following a link aren't considered as their audience anymore. Until pmOS can make a call, it doesn't. I love the postmarketOS initiative but right now it's very much a bare-bones project. The installation process is troublesome, hardware support is very limited and desktop environments work partially if at all. Phosh development is looking good but it's certainly not finished. As of now, I would certainly not advertise it as a Dex replacement. Buggy system implementations, unfinished API flows, apps constantly needing to ask for permission, a big break in compatibility and little to no time to properly test before the official release: it took some time, but Apple has finally reached their Vista point. Not that this is necessarily bad (although the bugs are super annoying). Vista had to happen, and I can see why many casual users in the Apple ecosystem would prefer a simple, sandbox system for their operating system. Time will tell if this is indeed a step ahead or a problem that will be made undone in the future. It just sucks that Apple customers are dealing with their own Vista now though. Of course, I don't intend to say that vista had anything that comes close to the modern day sandbox. However, it did enforce strict security policies that its predecessors didn't have. UAC and up to some point smart screen is comparable to the sandbox permissions and the notarising thing. It's an inconvenient break in compatibility, dialog flow and program design that has a lot of benefits and some downsides. Until programs adapt to the new paradigm, old programs will likely be slightly annoying to use, just like what happened in the Vista days. I hope Apple doesn't solve the dialog problem the way Microsoft did though (by sacrificing security for usability), now we have the situation that being logged in as a local admin with UAC set to default means that any malware can gain admin privileges through UAC bypasses. You can prevent this by setting the UAC settings to max or logging in as a standard user, but then you get Vista-style annoyances again... I agree re: sandboxing. The security gained by a sandbox is immense and dumb programs and games I use should be restricted to their own little space. This does require some well-thought-out system level abstractions for users and developers to accept the new sandbox, but that's not impossible to do. Especially for stuff that should Just Work (R), sandboxes are a great tool. This isn't just a casual user thing, system developers also use Spotify and don't want to mess with arcane program settings and directories. I do believe that casual users will be using more apps that "just work" than power users though, which is why I mentioned them. On the other hand, I do like to have access to each and every file on my system if I so please and I do want to be able to use my toolset anywhere on the system. For my classes I need to run what we call "PhD-ware" every now and then (technically advanced software that is great at doing one specific job but is mostly unmaintained and requires a specific setup to work) and that's never going to be compatible with any security restriction. I want to be able to override the system when needed. I don't think UAC was tbat annoying to be honest. Where it asked for confirmation and admin privileges, it made sense. Most UAC buttons were labeled and from a security standpoint, it was quite a solid experience. Last time I used Apple, it felt like a flashback to Vista to me. Prompts for every program I downloaded, leaving me to keep the system security settings open for the first hour or so to download appropriate installers and password prompts every time I went to change a setting. Like in vista, the places it asks for admin permissions usually make sense, but the contrast was quite stark compared to the Windows and Ubuntu dialog flow I was used to. I found the "the system prevented you from opening this program" dialogs reminiscent of the super-criticised SmartScreen dialogs that block(ed?) Windows 8+ programs from unknown sources. XFCE and LXCE still provide low resource alternatives to Gnome, KDE and whatever else is popular these days. If you want to go ultra slim, take a tiled window manager like i3. Technically, you don't need Vista capable hardware if you're willing to give up on some modern niceties. Vista level hardware is 10-12 years old by now though. I don't think it's unreasonable to drop support for hardware over 10 years old for a fully-featured environment. People want new and shiny. Why should I want to give up on some eye candy on my five year old laptop just so that someone else's 10 year old laptop isn't missing out on anything? Mind you, Firefox and LibreOffice are bigger slowdowns than the rest of my systems and I'm using vanilla Gnome3. The system can still boot a fully featured desktop with less than a gigabyte of RAM in use. Even Vista hardware should be able to cope with that. A system that runs smoothly on 2006 hardware runs blazingly fast on modern hardware. It's also likely to consume less resources and power. There's also the fact that many developers live in rich countries where good hardware is relatively cheap and easy to come by. Developing countries usually don't have access to reasonably priced hardware at all. There's billions of people whose hardware is barely capable of running a Vista equivalent. That alone should be reason to consider developing with older systems in mind. Developing to keep an old system somewhat smooth can lead to improvements across the board. There's pros and cons to every decision and I certainly don't think every piece of software should be designed to run on a Core2Duo. In many cases some considerations for those who can't bug fancy hardware would be nice though. Ha, I wish I could just use docker for this. I'm sure I could find the exact arcane combination of outdated Java, unsupported C libraries and hardcoded paths and combine them into a Docker container, but in the end it's probably not worth the effort when I can set up a snapshot, configure the software and just run it. It's not day-to-day software so after 3 or 4 months I'll likely never use the software again. One tool I had to use would only work on old Linux kernels, proven to be working on Ubuntu 12.04. The guest tools in the VM provided were so old that I had to set up an older version of Virtualbox in order to get the system to run, which opened a whole can of worms in itself. This was on Ubuntu at the time, so luckily that it was just a matter of installing dependencies and trying to find compatible versions that didn't clash with normal system tools. Maybe Docker is able to run VirtualBox but just thinking about glueing Docker and a hypervisor together is giving me a headache. Nested KVM works these days, but who knows how that might affect a piece of software like this. Just for the weird legacy cruft that comes with some tools, I just want the option to mess up my system in order for something to work. This guy is all about how much of a threat the expansion of Chinese hardware is but doesn't say a word about the same being true for American hardware. Chinese networking hardware may contain backdoors, American hardware has been confirmed to contain backdoors over and over again. Re: the iPhone: when any country has the golden keys, every country has the golden keys. How hard is it to. Get that through your head. The moment the US demands golden keys, China is going to demand their own set of golden keys, followed by Saudi Arabia and any other foreign adversary. These keys are going to be used the same way the US is going to use them (spy on allies and enemies) as well as for seeking out minorities and problematic citizens. As a foreigner, if something doesn't cross the US Senate of all bodies because of ethics or surveillance problems, that's really saying something. These are the people that brought us laws like the PATRIOT ACT and the CLOUD act, systematically expanding the reach of US law enforcement across borders. The EU, supposedly an ally, had to negotiate a quick, likely invalid or quickly overturned bandage treaty to make it legal to even just store personal data on US company servers. Is this what the US wants to become? A risk to their own allies? Forcing weak encryption is not defence, it's offence. It's hard to believe that people like these aren't jealous of the spying network China has set up. Every three or four months Cisco or Juniper get caught having introduced a new backdoor. Hardcoded admin passwords, full system access backdoors following a specific port knocking sequence, you name it. Sure, some companies have started pushing back but the companies that produce critical network infrastructure can't be trusted. Right now, I have listed an email on my website above a contact form. To hide the email from scrapers, I just concat different parts of it in javascript on page load and insert it into the html. I didn't expect that to work but a few years in I've barely seen any spam on the listed email address. All spam I've received on my website has been done through the contact form so it appears bot farms rather solve Google captcha than try to use my email address. This probably isn't enough for everyone but it might serve as a reminder not to overthink this. The only downside is that users without javascript can't get my email address but as I don't expect many people to visit my personal website that's not an issue to me. Keep in mind that this is just about users visiting panopticlick. The statistics don't necessarily reflect rewl life analytics unless the rest of your country are also visiting this website. Other bits of entropy are relevant though (such as canvas fingerprints etc.) Reading the few comments that were (machine) translated into English, it seems they are angry that the dev dared to speak badly about their country. This is just Chinese people being angry at someone calling out China for its concentration camps. I must say that I've only now realised that there is no "report abuse" button on github. Regardless of politics and Chinese propaganda, hurling insults at someone on Github should be reason enough for action against their account. You can say that the news media is lying and all that, that's just daily grind for most English-themed media as well now, but yelling "fuck you" and "wishing a rotten vagina" upon people is not something that should ever be tolerated. Ah, thank you. Reporting specific comments would make a lot more sense, but I guess github isn't expecting people to use issue trackers as conversation battlegrounds. Haven't seen it mentioned here yet, so this might be useful to someone getting into WireGuard: https://github.com/subspacecloud/subspace This is a tool that helps you generate and manage configurations for WireGuard, generate qr code for configuring mobile devices and it even integrates into SAML for authentication. It's not as fancy as some other VPN management tools but this is an easy way to get WireGuard set up without too much messing with configs When I used OpenVPN, the VPN had to keep sending keepalives and periodic key renegotiations to keep the session open. This is fine on a PC, but it keeps waking up the radio hardware on a mobile device which is a real battery drain. It's the same as running an app on the background that constantly polls for data, something Android spent a lot of time on fighting to gain better battery time. I wouldn't hold my breath for official WireGuard support in the manufacturer Android kernels until some big corporations start relying on it but custom ROMs are able to use kernel modules already[1]. Encryption itself should not be much overhead. WireGuard cryptography is based on ChaCha20. While I haven't encountered any hardware support for ChaCha, it's performance is quite good, so good even that Google is requiring manufacturers of very low power Android devices (running Android 10+ Go) to implement ChaCha-based encryption on budget devices [2]. [1]: https://git.zx2c4.com/android_kernel_wireguard/about/ [2]: https://security.googleblog.com/2019/02/introducing-adiantum... Yes, although it's not very configurable in a Docker environment without editing the Dockerfile yourself (hardcoded IP ranges and all that, though it does assign a new IP to each new profile you generate). You can still modify the Dockerfile if you wish to have more control over things like IP ranges and the DNS server used by clients but you'd have to rebuild the container after modifying. You will also likely need to make some changes to your iptables and/or sysctl depending on your server config and firewall. Nothing too shocking per se; you need to do all that with any other kind of VPN as well. You're right about that but as far as I've seen the project is pretty much feature complete for basic usage and I couldn't find any problems with the code that warranted much work. The project seems to have stagnated but in its current state it's usable enough. I probably wouldn't expose the web application itself to the outside world anyway (I usually only expose applications to my home + VPN networks) so in the limited context that I use it it's fine. If you want, you can also use it to generate configs and QR codes once, copy the server config to an independent server and then shut down the application. It doesn't do anything special to WireGuard itself, it just generates config files and QR codes and that's it. Kind of sad to see such a simple but practical application fall into the abandon ware hole, but such is life when dealing with open source side projects from small companies. If you manually set read only permissions on the right data folder after generating the configs, you can turn it into a readonly app. You can probably manually connect your own configs to the right user accounts as well but then that's a lot of work for a site that only generates QR codes and download links. This project isn't much more than a script to generate and manage configs with an optional layer of SAML accounts on top. Especially with WireGuard's simple configuration it doesn't need to do any more than that. There are no security parameters with unsafe defaults, complicated configuration processes, certificate generation and signing process that other VPN systems fall victim to. There's a 6 line config file containing a private key generated by the official WireGuard tool and that's it. While I've always avoided many complicated openvpn config tools like the plague (that of pfsense for one), I think WireGuard is simple enough to be configured like this. There is a web service using exactly such a mechanism for U2F in browsers: https://krypt.co/ This works through an addon in the browser rather than native functionality but the system is secure enough that I use it as a backup for some of my 2FA services in case I lose my TOTP keys. I wouldn't say _all_, just most. With optimization, resource monitoring, disabling unused APIs, plenty of treeshaking and other such techniques, it's quite possible to do a near-native experience (think: performing like C#/Java). However, whenever I see an Electron app in the wild, those optimizations don't seem to be done very often. Perhaps it's the fact that companies don't care about speed now that computing resources are cheap, or that companies are hiring web devs for desktop applications, but in the wild most applications sure do end up feeling like someone installed a buggy second copy of Chromium onto my machine. Visual Studio Code is an example of an experience that feels like it might as well have been written in a language like C# or Java. With some extensions the lag quickly becomes noticable, but as far as text editing goes, it's a pretty nicely optimized tool. In my experience, typing in VS Code is slightly faster than typing in Jetbrains IDEA/etc., for example, which is based on the more desktop-oriented Java. Of course it will never be as fast as Vim or Notepad++, but those tools are harder to extend, which can make the disadvantage of the slight input lag worth it for the extra functionality when debugging or running automated tests. Electron can be a useful tool for writing maintainable, extendable, cross-platform desktop applications. It can also be a handicapped browser. While most companies choose to use it as the second option, this doesn't have to be the case. I think it's great that Apple chose not to pick favourites and treat the Electron the same as any other application platform. While the release of the latest version of macOS was rushed for many developers and came with some bugs, private APIs should not be used regardless. Ask the Electron people to fix this problem instead of complaining about how Apple is trying to bully web developers. Or, if you want to build a decent application, make a native one, or make a website. Don't do this weird half-desktop, half-native just because it's easy for you; think about your customers instead. I'm fine with Javascript itself, but I want the application render code to use native system APIs. QT and GTK use native system code on most platforms to layout controls. This means the controls are mostly consistent with the rest of the system, even when Microsoft or Apple decides to add more functionality to existing components, for example. If I'm hovering over a button and a tooltip appears, I want it to show in my OS colour theme and font instead of whatever flavour of Helvetica the web designer who made the application found fashionable today. The developer may not like that I can set my system to be in ugly high-contrast mode when I'm tired and don't want all the OS fluff, but please be nice enough to just follow the system theme instead of being the special little app that thinks it knows better. Electron uses an HTML renderer instead of the system compositor. This is the main difference between what I call native and what I don't. If you write an application in Python using standard operating system controls (say, with Gnome/Cacao/Win32 bindings), I'd call it more native than an Electron app, even if the Electron system is more deeply integrated into the system API. I'd also call Java non-native as it decides to drop all system UI components and draw its own. The repacked iOS apps being released on macOS are somewhere in the middle of the void between native and non-native in my opinion: while they use the OS compositing and controls, the layout is often not designed for the platform they run on. Perhaps "badly-designed native" is the best way to describe them. Although my main mobile browser is Firefox, I can't deny that chrome is better on performance and battery life (even with ad blockers installed in FF). I can understand why people use a Chrome(-based) browsers on mobile. The replacement for Firefox for Android is coming along nicely but it's nowhere near completion yet. Improving stuff like this makes Chrome somewhat bearable until Firefox can match Chrome in performance. Apple could've probably easily prevented this if they had allowed banking payment apps from the beginning, like Google did. Without an exclusive payment system, they would just be a payment alternative that would be way more user friendly than their competitors and everything would be dandy. I'd even consider it to be a reason to buy an iPhone, given their super simple UX flow compared to even the most user friendly bank apps. I hope not just Germany, but also the EU will take action against companies like Apple. These exclusive networks that serve no purpose other than vendor lock-in are a lose-lose scenario for customers and even the most rabid Apple fans should see how shitty their behaviour is. They've made their bed and now they will have to lie in it. Good on Germany for taking action. Last time I looked into UBports I was looking for a proper Linux distribution for my old tablet (Samsung p5110) but was duped b uh the ancient Linux kernel that it was running (too old to properly load systemd, according to the website). I hope mobile Linux development will continue because Linux + Anbox might make for an amazing geek phone. Of course some banks are shit. In some countries you can't log in to your bank without ActiveX. Most banks I've seen (in Europe, at least) are quite with the times and support basically any device with NFC. For Apple this is especially easy because there's only 6 models of phone to support with a single API. There's no way a bank app would drop support on a maintained iOS device. In my country, every bank has supported contactless payments for at least 3-4 years. My bank has a pretty nice UX, as do many of its competitors. Some other apps are more focused on security than user experience, which manifests itself in an irritating slow mess, but that's just another factor to take into account when picking a bank. A few months ago, the first bank in my country announced Apple pay support. Up till then, Apple customers have been behind the curve on simple features that even the cheapest Chinese phone had. Now that banks started supporting Apple Pay, every single customer, including me, is paying Apple for the extra fees that banks need to pay to Apple for integration (because they're not allowed to charge Apple customers directly). I don't have any Apple decides whatsoever and so do most households I know of, yet we're all funding Apple's little money making scheme. The benefit of Apple wallet is the same as the benefit for Google Pay and people still use that despite bank apps existing on Android. If Apple Pay is better, customers wouldn't install separate bank apps and banks still wouldn't have to make apps. The result: customers have more choice, but now the responsibility for not bringing features to users lies with the bank instead of Apple. The real difference here is that Apple doesn't allow banks to compete on iOS devices because Apple wants a portion of all payments their customers make on their phones. No matter how fancy Apple's solution is, there's no excusing their anticompetitive restrictions on their app store from a consumer standpoint. The only defences I can think of are "I don't use bank apps so I don't care", "I don't trust my bank to make software but I don't care enough to switch" or "It's technically not illegal in most countries", all of which are pretty bad excuses in my opinion. The privacy law implications (GDPR, the new California law, etc.) would probably crush Facebook as a company if they started doing that. They already paid over 100 million for just making false promises when they bought WhatsApp, now that the EU has sharpened their blades to take on big data farms like Google and Facebook, doing something like that would be suicide for FB. Any additional data farming would probably attract auditors and lawsuits that Facebook can't get out of so easily anymore. Facebook would need to put a lot of work into following the GDPR (because someone using an Asian VPN is still protected, so IP based geoblocking won't work) to prevent a fine. It would be a very risky move. I don't think Facebook is going to sell private WhatsApp information any time soon. Of all developers I know, only 2 prefer macOS (in general). Most people are either on Windows or their favourite flavour of Linux. These are not just web developers though, they're full stack developers; perhaps pure frontend developers are more prone to use Apple products? On Github I found this commit: https://github.com/systemd/systemd/commit/230450d4e4f1f5fc9f... The explanation in the commit message said this: ------ This switches the RFC3704 Reverse Path filtering from Strict mode to Loose mode. The Strict mode breaks some pretty common and reasonable use cases, such as keeping connections via one default route alive after another one appears (e.g. plugging an Ethernet cable when connected via Wi-Fi). The strict filter also makes it impossible for NetworkManager to do connectivity check on a newly arriving default route (it starts with a higher metric and is bumped lower if there's connectivity). Kernel's default is 0 (no filter), but a Loose filter is good enough. The few use cases where a Strict mode could make sense can easily override this. The distributions that don't care about the client use cases and prefer a strict filter could just ship a custom configuration in /usr/lib/sysctl.d/ to override this. ------ I do not know enough about NetworkManager or sysctl parameters to completely understand if this is a valid reason or not, but this sounds like an acceptable explanation for the change to me. That would require significant effort for the vendor to set up and most internet devices such as routers are an absolutely minimal cost device. Literally every cent counts in production and vendors rather remove some features than shell out the 2 cents extra to add another 64mb of storage. Furthermore, this would require either not being able to change the IP for your device (bad) or sending information about the layout of your network to the vendor (I wouldn't trust them with that info). Very few people care about this and the effort of maintaining a custom DNS and a CA certificate system (which, by the way, would need to be subjected to rigorous security testing) just isn't worth it. Lastly, what's the point? Adding a little padlock isn't worth it if anyone can get a certificate for the router ip anyway. How do you ensure that the router connecting to your IP really has the mac address it claims? It only takes one person to get root on their router to invalidate the entire security system and given how somehow router vendors are still shipping command injection vulnerabilities, I wouldn't assume that they can prevent that as much as they'd like. What I want is the option to give a router my own security certificate instead of the self signed one. Let me use my own CA or let me mess around with letsencrypt, split-horizon DNS and Selenium scripts if that's what I need. Consumers don't care about TLS on their router and this would be the cheapest option to solve it for prosumers. Honestly that doesn't sound like a terrible idea. It sucks for the tiny minority of people doing development on their phones but let's face it, most apps running binaries from the Internet really shouldn't. The only reason a "normal" app would do this is to work around the AV scanning that Google does. I don't think Google should add permissions or warnings for this either as that doesn't help because people are clicking through warnings already. Too bad termux will fall victim to this. Hopefully some of the Magisk / Xposed folk will find a workaround that will allow specific apps to execute binaries again so that Termux will work for those that rely on it. If they do that, people will put those lines in guides on "how to get [pirated app name] working 2019 confirmed working" and people will disable their security regardless. There's a trick to bypass any certificate warning errors in Chrome: it involved typing "badidea" into the error screen. Google had to update the code word because large vendors started putting the phrase into their documentation instead of fixing their buggy applications. It's only a matter of time until the code phrase changes again. This proves to me that secret phrases and magic developer toggles will just be made invalid by guides aimed at less technical folk which tell people to ignore warnings. That could work for security if it's only possible to do so from an authenticated environment (such as ADB) and if the OS will flag the danger any time an app is opened that uses this feature. However, I think such a system is a complete maintenance horror for a problem very few people have. There are 2.5 billion Android devices out there and only 5 million people have ever installed Termux, let alone compiled and run their own binaries. Would you, as a developer, implement a workaround for disabling an OS security mechanism for _at most_ 0.2% of your user base, most of which will probably work around it themselves by flashing an Magisk module anyway? What about the need to validate and maintain the workaround so that malicious apps can't find a vulnerability to disable the feature themselves? It doesn't make business sense to me. Android is already full of backwards compatibility hacks to make sure apps don't break too quickly, especially when they're doing stuff that you wouldn't expect. App developers can still provide modules to the Play Store (grouped packages can access each other's data as far as I know) so the most valid use case I can think of aside from compiling your own code (optional video codecs) would already be covered. Python interpreters and Java runtimes would work just fine as well, so programmers whipping up a quick program on their tablets are still able to do so. The only victim are people who compile their own binaries on their phones. I don't think their use case is worth risking disabling a very valid security mechanism. That's fine. It's your phone, so you decide if you want Google's software or not. You can pick if you want to enable selinux, inject WireGuard kernel modules or render all fonts upside down for what I care. If you want to do that, you're going to have to run your own software though. If what you want isn't in line with what Google wants, you're going to have to make your own Android configuration or modify an existing one. There is no law saying you can't disable security features, but there's no law to prevent Google from implementing features you don't like either. By the way, sideloaded apps have always been limited, as some permissions are only available to APKs signed with the same key as the OS. If you want to run apps that can do everything they want, you're going to have to put in work to disable some of the security layers that have been stacked on top of Android over the years. Keep in mind that download numbers are severely inflated. I have downloaded termux at least 5 to 10 times over the years and I've only really used it once or twice. Just because someone installs an app doesn't mean they use it every day. Reading the reviews, most people seem to just use it as a basic terminal emulator, like there are so many on the play store. Those people aren't going to notice anything about no longer being able to compile executables. If you package the compiler with termux and output the APK to a shared location, nothing about this article will change after Google's future modification. They do, they've been dogfeeding on their own platforms for quite a while now. One of the main advantages that I've heard people talk about is the high bit rates, making their 1080p look smoother than YouTube 4k in some cases. Somewhat strange that they lack a free video preview of the quality of the website, but that might just be because launching a service like this with a high quality video front and center might ruin their networking when a giant wave of new people come in. If you log in you immediately get brought to the list of (6) available channels. The videos then become visible after subscribing to a channel. I suppose YouTube doesn't need arbitration, they'll just van your accounts and ignore you until you make enough of a stink on social media. I expected YouTube to have an arbitration class myself but as it probably didn't have one from the start and the extra stink of adding it now would only serve to make people more hostile to the platform, adding it probably doesn't make sense.. Most (American) Internet companies do have an arbitration clause though so I can see where the parent comes from. It's expected to be in the terms of any web company these days. You mean YouTube Red? Why don't the nullability examples use Java's Optional? This code: if (nullableVariable != null) { boolean success = nullableVariable.someMethodCall() if (success) { return success } else { return fallbackIfNullMethodCall() } } else { return fallbackIfNullMethodCall() } Could also be written something like this: result = Optional.ofNullable(nullableVariable) .map(NullableType::someMethodCall) .orElse(fallbackIfNullMethodCall()); Sure, it's no Elvis operator, but it's a lot more readable than the "standard" if/else structure of traditional Java. If we're comparing Java and Kotlin, we should at least give Java a fair chance. I dislike the verbosity of the Optional wrapper, but it's a lot better than if/else checking. This was what I intended to write. Sorry, the HN input box isn't my usual IDE :) My code contains a bug, the code driver733 wrote is what I intended to write (usually I use predefined variables for orElse, conditionally taking the method call threw me of guard). The quality of the content strongly depends on the video material. Leaves in the wind on the background of a video can quickly cause a drop in video quality. Animation, on the other hand, is usually fine with Youtube's presets. The result also seems to depend on the input format and how well Youtube's software deals with it. Many old videos made in a special Flash format suddenly turned choppy and ugly when Youtube changed something on their backend and as far as I know, that has been the case ever since. As for HEVC, not supporting is makes sense. The cost of licensing all of Youtube's encoder and decoder systems would probably make a small dent in server cost; more than storage for H.264 content of the same length and quality would cost. For example, some versions of H.265 have a $0.02 cost per disc/title. Serving 5 billion videos (titles) each day, such a codec could easily sink the company. Of course, this is just one example of the codec licensing, and the pricing depends per region (which adds another layer of paperwork) so real pricing won't be that steep, but it's not going to be cheap to switch to HEVC playback. Youtube has moved to VP9 and is seemingly going for AV1 as its preferred future video codec. VP9 and HEVC are pretty close when it comes to compression performance in many real world videos. I honestly did know or even expect that Apple devices don't support VP9, but I don't blame Google for sticking to an open codec instead of giving in to Apple and their bet on HEVC for corporate contacts, especially when the codecs are this close in regards to performance. This depends on the setup really; it's possible to limit sudo access to only some commands, like so: %veracryptusers ALL=(root) NOPASSWD:/usr/bin/veracrypt An inexperienced systems administrator might use this to allow some users access to the mount command so that users can use their encrypted USB drives to carry around sensitive data, not realizing that through the intricacies of the Linux filesystem this can lead to privilege escalation. Such a config would normally give you sudo, but not a root shell; allowing certain users to use ping floods to test the network by giving them access to the ping command as root, for example, would not expose much security risks other than flooding the network. This works in this case, but the pattern is less easy when the result is not a boolean. But I agree, in this specific case using a ternary operator after a null check is probably easier. If it were, any email company would be in grave danger because they all have address book features where you can keep all of this info, and many even allow that data to be shared over the internet! As long as all data is stored securely, providing a place for keeping track of information isn't illegal. Chrome can accept proxy settings from the command line do all you'd need to do would be to change the shortcut to Chrome. The more dangerous part would be doing TLS MitM to allow HTTPS content to be recorded. This is well documented but still a potential security issue if the certificate somehow gets picked up by malware or something. Flutter tries to offload as much as possible to the GPU I think. This means the CPU load will likely be lower but GPU usage will likely be higher. Depending on the device the app is running on, this can still make the Flutter application consume more power. I'd be interested to see the performance comparison taking into account both CPU and GPU usage. We'll still be dependent on materials like plastic. Entire categories of good production, like corn processing, depend on using parts of processed oil. Ships burn oil and they're not going to switch to electric any time soon. Our oil dependency isn't just about the cars we drive. From what I can tell, it's setting some kind of cookie for Youtube as part of the standard Google login flow. They probably have their cookies set up in such a way that authentication data is only accessible from first-party websites (like cookies). I can see 11 cookies on the Youtube.com domain in my browser. Some of those seem to be purely for authentication reasons. I'm pretty sure that's why Google flows through Youtube when you log in. As for why they always try to set Youtube cookies: I don't know, but it's probably because they don't feel like splitting up their authentication flow. Doing the redirect for accounts even when they don't have any Youtube-related is probably a no-op; leaving it like that doesn't cost anything close to the time and resources it would take to segregate their entire workflow + verify that the security is still sound. They have though. They added 2G/3G/4G/5G (though some American ISPs like to call stuff the next G even if it doesn't qualify). There's also WiFi and now WiFi 1-6 (the F is just dumb) and Bluetooth 1-5. OFDM and MU-MIMO aren't user facing technologies, they can be applied in any wireless standard really. Just because router manufacturers put stickers on their boxes doesn't make the technology customer facing. Same with the protocols underlying the cellular industry. For all the engineers care, the people just call it by their Gs and be done with it. Cell phone manufacturers tried to advertise with specific technology names because "3G but slightly faster" doesn't sell well. Then the 4G debacle happened where LTE didn't even qualify to be called 4G at first except due to a technicality and now that LTE Advanced is available, which finally is fast enough to be called 4G according to the specification, people are already starting to call it 5G. I blame the marketeers for ruining any consumer facing schemes by their drive to have the biggest number the first no matter what. As long as people like that end up naming things, we'll never have concise naming schemes for consumers as all simplification efforts are ruined by trying to grab a quick buck. There used to be limitations on Windows regarding CPU count and maximum RAM size. With a consumer-level OS, you could not run more than two processors, for example. Given how earlier Ryzen acted like it was actually a bunch of NUMA nodes in the past, this could pose a problem (the normal version of Windows 7 wouldn't allow for a NUMA setup, you'd need Pro for that). I don't think Windows 10 has this limitation anymore but it's a very valid question. Given their weird calculation for the number of licenses you need to run Windows server, it's probably good to be cautious about licensing weggeweest it comes to running Windows on high performance chips like Threadripper. Well, according to the original design specification for the 4G name, the standard had to support a certain throughput in rest (I believe it was 1Gbps) and a certain throughput while moving at a certain speed (something like 100mbps at 100km/h). LTE failed to reach the 1gbps threshold but managed to get the high speed while moving so it was basically declared "4G enough" and people just accepted LTE as 4G. This is why the ITU now has definitions for 4G (LTE at the moment it started being marketed as 4G) and "True 4G" (4G technologies that actually pass the requirements for 4G such as LTE advanced, which AT&T now markets as "5G E" because screw consumers I suppose) I use Kodi, and while it probably isn't a complete replacement for Roku (Netflix doesn't work out of the box but I have to admit I haven't looked into getting it to work because it's one of the few "smart" things I let my smart TV do), it's pretty good for showing content. There's a Firefox extension called "Send to Kodi" that I use to quickly cast Youtube videos and other videos from my PC to my Kodi. On my phone I use Kore, which can send a URL to Kodi using the standard Android share menu (hold a link, Share > Play on Kodi). Kodi also supports UPNP so you can use one of the million available apps for that to allow some other media servers as well. It's not perfect, but Kodi has managed to satisfy my video consumption needs quite well. I'm using an outdated version (it's running on my server which runs Debian stable) but I haven't run into problems thus far. Purely digital items bought are not covered by this law. Only physical items bought online, because you cannot try them like you can in the store. This means no refunds for Steam games unless your government has put additional rules in place to also cover the purchase of digital goods. Firefox preview is an interesting experiment with decent speed and a nice layout. However there are some big blockers for me before I can use this browser. One is bypassing TLS errors (or preferably finally allowing me to use my own certificate authority for some internal services). Right now the issue is on hold and nobody from the Firefox team seems to. Be working on dealing with certificates. The other is the addon issue, but I have faith thst those will work once the preview goes mainstream. If Firefox goes live without those two points, I'm going over to brave. I like Mozilla and I want a second browser engine for the web, but basic functionality like this should not be foregone for the sake of "bringing new experiences". Yes, this way the people who ignore parking fines can keep filling spaces, of which there are now 12 less. Sure, it's a fun example how simple tricks can beat complicated devices, but this only benefits the people who willfully take up valuable parking space that others might want. It's only a matter of time before the university will switch back to the boot, risking more damage to everybody's cars, or to good old towing, dragging up the price of getting your car back. Everybody loses because of a few childish students showing off how they're so much smarter than the system. If "doing the right thing" means banning videos from all online platforms except those with the capability to automatically translate sound into subtitles, I'd rather they don't do the "right thing". The end result will be lawsuit money for a few disabled people and the end of most alternative video platforms. This was to be expected, when Epic Games, notorious for not giving a rat's ass about Linux support, acquired the studio behind Rocket League. Other titles from studios bought by Epic will likely follow if they have not already. This does pose the question on what happens to Linux players who have invested into digital purchases. Online functionality will be disabled so all items will basically be void and the game becomes mostly worthless. I also wonder if this means that Rocket League will not run on Google Stadia and its competitors, as those platforms mostly run on Linux systems. It'll work, but anti-cheat software can easily mistake the emulated Linux environment to be a tampered Windows environment and flag your account. It'll work for a while, probably, but there's no way to know how long and if/when you risk an account wide ban. I don't think the engine itself would be the problem. There might be a piece of middleware that breaks support through. Both Linux distros and MacOS are transitioning to x64-only and I can imagine a proprietary piece of third-party middleware doesn't support proper x64 or something making it impossible to upgrade the system to support modern OS's. For macOS you're probably right; a Vulkan rewrite is likely not worth the expenditure. > Firstly, what do you mean by competitors? I'm pretty sure none of xCloud, Playstation Now, or Nvidia Now use Linux systems. I see no reason why Nvidia wouldn't use Linux where possible. Windows, especially cloud based Windows, has weird and sometimes expensive license charges that any Linux-compatible game does not need. They're likely still going to run Windows VMs out of necessity, though. I don't know the game streaming market well but with the groundwork Valve laid down for SteamOS support, I can see Stadia competitors choosing to use Linux as a cost-saving measurement. Still Google is quite some party to ignore. Aside from dropping generic Linux support (which, of course, has an infinite amount of configuration options, especially when you encounter Arch and Gentoo users) they're also dropping SteamOS support. SteamOS (Debian with a layer of Valve software) deals with basically all issues you might have with libraries and versions for you. This sounds like a choice based on economics (cost of testing Linux packaging vs income from Linux users) but if I were a Steam box user, I'd want the money I've invested into the game back. Based on the laws in my country, I'd say the product will be mostly broken (the main component, online play, will be intentionally disabled) which might be reason to terminate the purchase agreement (i.e. trade the product back for money as its manufacturer will not fix the shortcomings introduced). They'll likely fight tooth and nail to prevent this but one big lawsuit and the cost of maintaining limited Linux support would likely outweigh the cost of killing it after selling the game with Linux compatibility. From my experiments with Lutris and Proton, getting games to work has been quite easy as long as the games don't require ancient Windows APIs and such. The biggest difficulty I experience with gaming on Linux is Nvidia and their atrocious drivers. Getting games to run isn't very hard these days as long as you can manage to get your GPU to render an image. I should've bought AMD... There's applications to do this on Windows too. Using Sandboxie you can create a sandbox on the file system to isolate files (for sketchup for example) in the same way you can use a Wine prefix to isolate a single application. Of course this doesn't cover all uses, but in my experience Windows tools exist to provide most features you can use Wine for. The difference is having to download 20 apps for 20 things and writing 20 scripts to automate everything versus downloading wine and just writing 20 scripts. Why waste all that money on cameras when you can just have a mandatory, government-issued ankle bracelet with GPS gear? Way cheaper to mass produce and businesses don't need to invest in their own hardware. Systems like this could be very nice and useful but as long as companies make shady data deals and can't do basic data protection, implementing such a system is just a plain bad idea. Tracking students should be opt-in anyway ("go study some place else if you don't like our tracking system" isn't opt-in) and I doubt you're going to get much support for tracking someone's exact movements every minute of the school day as long as the equifaxes of the world prove that data protection is none of their concern. Every recent graphical OS has support for key management though, whether it is the key store on mac, the credential store on Windows or the key management tools that come with KDE or Gnome (I believe both share somewhat of an API). It might be due to Pidgin's age but in modern programs storing this data in plain text should be a last resort for systems that don't do secret management for you. I fully understand removing TLS 1.0 because of the POODLE exploit. However, TLS 1.1 fixes it, provided you don't make yourself vulnerable to a downgrade attack. Why is Mozilla disabling TLS 1.1? It probably doesn't provide the most up-to-date ciphers and such but algorithmically it's fine, right? Is there an attack on TLS 1.1 I don't know about? I think they can add value as a response to user action. No a repeating animations, but a short animation upon validating data or handling interaction. I would be the first to find a way to disable these if they'd start autoplaying on every website I visit though. An animated green check mark when showing a popup confirming that an action has succeeded, an animated red cross when showing an error, wheels of a car icon rolling when hovering over the car option in the menu, those kinds of animations can all aid design by showing the user that the site or application is responding to user feedback. It makes the user flow just a tiny bit more interactive and polished without being too distracted. After all, if there's a popup, the intention is to direct the attention of the viewer to that spot already. Same with a menu icon. That said, the animations shouldn't be too fast. Some examples, like the moving train, are way too fast to be comfortable to use in my opinion. Proper pacing is important. I'm on Android so I don't have any trouble, but keep in mind that all "browsers" on iOS are just Safari with a skin and a few features bolted onto it. Apple doesn't allow different browser engines on their platform because of various reasons. Try the non-mobile version: https://googleprojectzero.blogspot.com/2020/02/several-month... It seems to be using the default simple blogger theme so there's probably no point of contact for the website, it's Google after all. The best chance you have is to submit a bug report with Apple about Safari not rendering the page right. It's because fewer countries actually use the period as decimal separators. The English-speaking world (and its former colonies) and China use the period, which is probably why it's so widespread to. Other countries, while countries not originating in or heavily integrated into the English-speaking world use the comma. By count of governments, the comma is clearly winning as a decimal separator, though that doesn't say anything about usage in the global population of course. There's no real reason why one is better than the other. They're both somewhat arbiratry and as far as separation goes, there's not even worldwide consensus about the amount of zeroes that are in front of a separator. As a European, I don't think I've ever been confused reading an English-style number because of the different separator. The only problem i can imagine is a number with three decimals (123.456) but with such many orders of magnitude in difference it should not be a problem to understand the right number based on context. The character was chosen based on either practical reasons (the French already used a period for something else in maths) or because it made sense to use the system of countries around you or countries you were trading with a lot. You can ask the same question about why some countries drive on the left and some on the right but in the end it's because you have to pick something and at that point you just pick what's practical. Or, you can ask why the American number system uses billion to mean 1e9 while in Europe it often means 1e12. It all comes down to what people are used to. Or why America has its date format unsorted (m/d/y vs d/m/y or y/m/d). Furthermore, the whole world uses metric aside from three specific countries versus the much larger split of comma versus period. It's not really something that can go wrong much as long as you can understand some context (if you read a theoretical numbering system like 10-000-000'00 you'd still understand what the decimal point would be). Using two or four decimals clears up any confusion regardless of system. I agree, it's quite annoying to see American style numbering everywhere. An Intel driver program crashed at me because it stored its Window size American style while the system was set to a different locale. This can easily be fixed by specifying the input and output locale in your code, which I'd something you should always do anyway if you're selling software to more than one country. There's more differences in internationalisation than just decimal separators and date formats. Using proper locale code will fix all of those for you so you don't have to deal with calls from customers. No, the way the UK used to say a thousand million is "milliard". You'll find that same term in a lot of European languages. Same with billiard, trilliard, etc. The short scale is just another reason why European and American data sources get confused every now and then. I find it kind of strange that the UK switched to the American system despite having used the long scale themselves for quite some time. I suppose it was just a consequence of the US media getting influence in Europe after World War 2, but it couldn't have been an easy switch. Most of the CSVs I've encountered used the semicolon as a field separator, probably for exactly this reason, even ones from American sources. JSON has a standard format for writing numbers, which happens to be the American one, and I don't know what other data formats are sensitive to the comma. I don't store floats in the users locale and I don't think anyone should, just like dates should be stored in UTC (timestamps, preferably) instead of in any local date format. However, many programmers seem to forget that if you don't specify a locale, the system will choose one for you and its probably the one the user set up while installing their system, just like what would happen with any date or time. I'm not going to change the way I write numbers because some American programmer thinks it's too annoying to bother and neither are my customers. Localisation is important to remember because if you don't, you're going to be burned by it at some point. This is just another gentle reminder about that. This is a great project. I've put it on my old tablet and it's surprisingly quick. Sadly, it's an old ARMv7 chip so there's not a lot of Alpine packages compiled for it and the graphics aren't hardware accelerated; would be nice to run Firefox... I wish manufacturers would upstream their changes but that's probably never going to happen. Now my tablet is running Linux 3.0 so it won't even boot systemd let alone anything that requires GPU acceleration. I also noticed the weird partition schema Android uses (6 different partitions larger than 100MB on my tablet) doesn't play well with normal operating systems. I don't know how many partitions are required to get the system booting so I can't really remove any. That all being said, the devices running mainline are doing great on pmOS. I admire the people who build on the open source GPU code, I'd have no idea where to even start working on something like that. I hope this project will be as successful as some of the custom ROM communities in a few years time when the project has had time to smoothen things out. Modern versions of rm require you to pass --no-preserve-root. According to Wikipedia [1] this has been the default (in upstream) since 2006. Of course it took distros some time to actually update to the GNU utils 6.4 (especially long-term support systems like CentOS) but it's been a decade since the change should've been implemented everywhere. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rm_%28Unix%29#Protection_of_th... Fair enough, but on the other hand there's nothing preventing you from just putting --no-preserve-root in the command either. I see the feature as something to prevent accidents, not as a way to secure the rm command. A lot of these criticisms are about the OS not doing enough high level stuff for the programmer. If you want to see what happens when the OS does all that, have a look at Android, where the "OS" is what's giving you sockets, key value stores, structured logging, etc. because the only real APIs it's giving you are the Java ones. Now look at the horrible workarounds you need to apply to make old code compatible with newer versions as demands changed over the years tk focus more on user privacy and battery life. For nearly every problem encountered here there's a standard people just ignore. You can implement structured logging at OS level, like Windows does, and see random binary data drops and text files appear all over your logging interface and your file system. Linux config should follow the XDG standard so that configuration for applications can be structured into directories except half the programs don't do that. Windows provides an API for this stuff (the registry) and it's near impossible to configure an application using the registry. The registry is also combined with random config files all over the system, of course, to make it extra difficult to modify a program's behaviour. Most nice modern features are also missing because operating systems are still being made in C, not C++. The OS doesn't have a concept of objects so yes your socket function will have to fall back to calling select(). A lot of these abstractions for basic communications have been solved on Linux using DBUS, which provides a somewhat standardised interface for many OS daemon and GUI features, all not being used because programmers forget that it exists or because programmers want to use their own solution instead. On Windows there's COM to try and help with that and well, see where that ended up: a versioned mess of pointers and factories to try to make it easier for everyone, where functionality sometimes completely breaks or needs to be emulated because it turned out the high level concept had a design flaw and now programs won't work if you fix it. I've done some thought experiments about structuring an OS and a file system to store data consistently and easily parsable, with modern bindings for most concepts. In the end I've had to conclude that the only way to keep the system working like intended would be to either convince everyone to do exactly as I say or to only allow me to write software for such a system. Whatever structure I can think off will inevitably be too constrained for someone else and the middleware abstraction problem starts all over again. My only conclusion is that I want the OS to be as simple as possible with people following common standards when they write applications, such as using YAML/ini/XML configuration with Syslogd logging and XDG directory structures for user data, with the technical abstractions left at the library level. If we can just get that, most of the inconsistency problem would be solved, but even this is too difficult to do in practice as it turns out. You're either greatly overestimating the literacy of many computer users or you're choosing to apply some kind of "intelligence filter" to your code if you're serious about this. People like reading nice dates and nice words. They're easy to parse for human brains. Sure, "1e6" is nice and short but typing out "a million" is much easier to understand. Giving someone a notification that they have an appointment "next Thursday (2020-02-27)" is a lot clearer than just stating the date. It saves people from having to look up the current date and doing mental math to find out how much time is in between those dates. Nit everyone is a programmer and not everyone likes short and concise data notation. Date localisation exists for a reason and it's not because people like to make developers' lives impossible. Use ISO8601 because of its technical superiority if you want, but don't think it's the final answer to the date/time problem. > How is 2020-02-27 not nice? It's an uncommon way to denote date. If you're used to the usual date notations (day before month) you can easily get confused with dates like 2020-03-04. Sure, the first number is the year, but what do the other two numbers mean? Maybe the order is clear if you're used to the American way of denoting dates (month before day) but only a small minority of people worldwide use that. Habits are not easy to change and changing them gets harder as you get older. Microsoft changing the icon of the start menu got me many questions from people anywhere between 20 and 80 back when I did tech support. These people were smart enough to use a computer yet a tiny change confused them. When Windows changed their start menu to something new, people didn't want to change the way they did things and tools like Classic Start was born. If clicking an icon on a computer is too hard a habit to change, how do you think telling the world to change their date notation will go down? And why should we all go do stuff differently because someone has come up with a way that makes lexicographical sorting of dates possible? Furthermore, "next Thursday" is already part of internationalisation code (Thursday needs to be translated and the concept of what the literal translation of "next Thursday" means changes between languages and cultures). Why not also put the full date into the correct locale as well while you're at it? Just because I think metric measurements are superior to imperial measurements doesn't mean I don't need to translate those units of measurement to American when I publish an app that uses them. Anyone capable of counting to ten can understand the metric system but that doesn't mean I can get away with providing metric-only information and input fields for everything. There's a difference between what academics and engineers use and what the general public uses. If you don't make a general product for the general public then you don't make a very good product. If they do that, Mozilla will probably immediately update the check or remove it all together. I don't understand why systems administrators don't just use their existing policy management to disable DoH if it really causes an issue. There's a group policy specifically for DNS over HTTPS [1] The only reason I can think of is that they can't because of BYOD or Firefox being part of the company's dark IT. The DNS workaround doesn't help much in those cases because the underlying problem is a lack of oversight, not an issue with Firefox. [1] https://github.com/mozilla/policy-templates/blob/master/READ... As for 1, if you're choosing to use a special resolver to do content filtering, you can disable DoH yourself. That's suboptimal but in my opinion it's better than not dealing with the broken DNS of the general public. As for 2), it's not hard to run a DoH server yourself. In fact, it's much safer because it doesn't allow for amplification attacks like traditional DNS. The same goes for DNS over TLS (over TCP). I agree with you on your third point though. I'd much rather have seen DNS over TLS being built into Firefox, especially as most DoH providers built into Firefox also provide DoT. DoT is easier to set up as well because you don't need any specific DNS server software (just have an nginx proxy the TCP connection to your existing DNS, it's about 10 lines of config). I discovered that Android's "private DNS" functionality uses DoT. I feared they'd use DoH but luckily I was proven wrong. It can get even more complicated when you have multiple connections on your machine, each with a different DNS server. You'd need to match the DNS server determination algorithm of the operating system to remain consistent, which is one hell of a task. There's also the fact that there's no DHCP option reserved for DoH/DoT/DNScrypt (yet) which requires some standardisation work. There's various APIs to read the current DHCP configuration for a network interface so technically it shouldn't be too hard (at least not when it comes to Windows or macOS where there's standard APIs, as opposed to Linux whose modular layout makes finding a standard location for DHCP config difficult). To be honest, if a userland application is capable of kernel panicking a phone, that's a bug in the kernel, not in the application. There's also a bug in Android (official and LOS) which I've encountered many times related to location detection in certain always-on GPS apps, causing a systems freeze and a reboot. This sucks, but it's a bug with Android, not with the application itself. The Android/LOS peeps should really take a look at this though. I don't expect this to be the only app that can cause this and with some severe bad luck the crash might even be exploitable. Well, this is quite telling of Mozilla's marketing department; the link to the developer edition at the bottom is being blocked by my PiHole. It's sad to see Mozilla's open values being wasted by whatever marketing/data people they've hired to switch to massive telemetry and tracking for their own products. Their related articles are all over the place about protecting yourself from tracking companies but Mozilla themselves are as bad as any company on their own blog site. I hope it'll be a while until the launch. I like the direction they're going with the collections and the UI. And sure, it's faster already, but without extensions I might as well just use Chrome or Brave or Edgeium for all that matters. The preview also has several weird freezes and crashes during the minimal use I give it. They also packaged their own certificate store like usual so my custom root certificate doesn't work. Unlike the current version of FF, they haven't added UI to add certificates to it yet. In other words, people relying on intranet access with corporate certificates will have to switch to Chrome. This is a breaking issue for me; I'm not willing to mess around with implementing the weird API my DNS provider uses to use Let's Encrypt's wildcard certificates just so an update for Firefox lets me access my intranet. If you do think a fine is unfair you can contest it pretty easily though. Most people who do this are incorrect and end up still paying the fine (because the were actually speeding) but in cases where the cameras are wrong or if there was something special going on the fine is usually thrown out the window. At least that's my observation here in .nl. Obviously the cameras aren't always right, but the people I see complaining the most are also the ones that drive >10% over the speed limit by default anyway. As for handling the TLS part, both Apache and NGINX have the capability to do verification of certificates. The application only needs to parse the headers they pass on to determine the user connecting to the application. If you don't care about the user (TLS client certs + standard username/password) you can get away with proxying the application through nginx and calling it a day. Basically you turn on client verification and you're done. If you want to show an error to unauthenticated users, you can make verification optional and add something along the lines of: if ($ssl_client_verify != SUCCESS) { return 403; } Why limit yourself to TLS 1.2? What's wrong with TLS 1.3? Based on some of the network analysis I did on my phone, I think this is related to Facebook's analytics engine. Most apps I've seen communicate with graph.facebook.com to send telemetry (when which screen was opened etc.). It wouldn't be beyond Facebook to immediately connect that telemetry to your user profile, making these apps show up in your profile. Shouldn't relay attacks be preventable by having the car inspect the timing of the response? A signal that needs to be received, reprocessed, transmitted, reprocessed again and then retransmitted should have a noticeable difference in timing, shouldn't it? Is there any reason a challenge/response protocol with proper timing filtering isn't safe against relay attacks? I see, very interesting! I could've figured someone would patent something like this. Thank you for explaining. PWAs can show notifications but Apple refuses to implement notifications for PWAs on their platform. You can use Chrome on macOS to get notifications working there but on iOS you're stuck with Apple's decisions. It wouldn't make sense to add notifications for them since PWAs would obviously cut into their profit margin so don't expect PWAs to work on iPhones or Safari in general. I use my Home Assistant as a PWA and the notifications work well on all platforms I use. Firefox is behind on desktop though, they don't seem to see PWA support as a priority like Chrome does. On mobile it works fine. Twitter is already a PWA (though they don't advertise it much) which you can install on any modern browser onto your phone. I've installed it in Firefox on my phone and I've never considered downloading their app since. Outlook.com also has some pretty good PWA support. Those are the ones I know off (aside from a few local websites/web apps only available in my language). I don't know about other social media though, twitter is the closest thing to social media I follow. I'm far from experienced with keyboards but I do that sometimes. I use shift for starting words or sentences with capitals but every now and then will use caps lock for upper case acronyms. The two extra key strokes to toggle caps lock are easier than keeping the shift key(s) down when typing, especially when typing acronyms I'm unfamiliar with. It's just a force of habit. People toggling caps for every capital letter will make me shudder though. I've seen them even in (introductory) programming classes. I suppose in an age where most typing is done on smart phones, it makes sense that people use the software-keyboard-style toggle instead of the "old-fashioned" shift keys. Then again, every day programmers learn about stuff like control+delete/backspace, shift+arrow keys and other keyboard navigation tricks common in almost any program these days. It's a set of tricks and tips that you need to happen to stumble across to learn about, and if the teacher doesn't know how to type properly an entire class of school children will suffer the same faith. You can easily spend your entire high school time using caps lock for capitalization without anyone even noticing or correcting you. I fear that the second this hits major mainstream media, all vitamin D capsules still left in stores will immediately be hoarded by the same people who hoard toilet paper... What does this mean for Wikimedia? Will they extend file uploaders and such with some fancier animations and code or will Wikimedia turn into another one of these God-awful Javascript applications running an HTML renderer inside the browser's HTML renderer? Don't get me wrong, Javascript web applications have their place, but Wikimedia is a website and not a web application. Will Vue and React work on 2G cell phones running super basic browsers? Will screen readers support all elements created by the Javascript framework? I have seen too many sites collapse into an empty white page because whatever javascript they were running couldn't access a resource and the shitty JS framework just stopped, leaving me with an empty page. I hope the Wikimedia foundation can stay clear of unnecessary javascript development as long as possible. Thanks I understand them wanting to rewrite their old javascript code. After all, in the frontend world, the toolset currently used is ancient. However, almost all of my experience with any Javascript framework describing itself as "modern" is a white page with no content of {{ placeholder }}a everywhere text should be. Several comments on the RFC already seem to state the intention to slowly change Wikimedia into a more "interactive" experience. What I fear is that a framework such as Vue will make it _too_ easy to make everything flashy and modern and suddenly you end up with another SPA where a website should be. The RFC talks about this shortly and mentions server side rendering but not much about what should be rendered server side and what shouldn't. The overview of problems seems more like a lack of structure than a need for a heavy JS library. I am very cautious of anyone claiming they need JS for a web page. Applications such as the editors and turning into javascript programs is not something I worry about, but several annoyances new Wikipedia features have already brought me (especially on mobile) make me cautious of any suggestion to add even more javascript. I lazily set up Duplicity one day (the tool that comes with Ubuntu) and it's been working ever since. Has support for retrieving backups, allows you to recover individual files from the file explorer (at least on Ubuntu, that is) and has a one-click full backup restore. It comes with a GUI in which you tell it what to backup what to ignore, where to backup to and when to run the backup schedule. It'll also ask for a backup password to secure the backup and will ask you to enter it once in a while to make sure you don't forget it. It also makes full backups instead of partial ones to ensure that delta backups don't become corrupt. It's mostly a python wrapper around rsync but it does all the annoying stuff for you. Not for a technical reason, but they had a reason: they provided no support or guarantee that Netflix would ever work on Linux + FF (Ubuntu + Chrome was guaranteed) and they didn't want any support calls for something that they wouldn't help people with anyway. A lot of stuff gets blocked for this reason. The company doesn't want you calling them because HD video doesn't work on Firefox even though you pay for HD quality, they do not test or guarantee Firefox compatibility in the slightest and yet they have to talk to an angry customer now. It makes business sense to redirect people to supported use cases when you know your product probably won't work as intended otherwise. You don't have to agree with the decision (and you can always cancel your membership if you do) but they had their reasons. There's swathes of apps that will never be allowed on popular app stores (gambling, porn, sometimes apps that Google or Apple doesn't want competing with their own services). You can created a native app but it'll only be usable on Android. Native applications also require acquisition of a Mac and a $99/year membership (iOS) and $25 (one-time fee for Google Play). A web application is mostly hosting costs which can be near free if you use the right cloud services. I don't know of an alternative that will let me develop a small tool that will be free to develop and distribute, is not subject to restrictive store policies, works on desktop and mobile and is capable of things like accessing the device's camera and location when necessary. I'm personally a fan of PWAs because they can't secretly write identifiers to my phone's SD card, they can't extract my contracts, they can't monitor my location in the background, etc. Sure, modern smartphone operating systems allow you to set up proper restrictions, but that puts the responsibility of making applications behave on me instead of on the phone. Sure, native applications have their place (geofencing, native performance, file system access, system APIs) but in my opinion so do PWAs. If you think they'd sue, you can always send the details to a tech journalist specialized in such matters (someone with a proven track record of protecting their sources). Use an anonymous email service to be sure. If something goes wrong, they'll take the thread of legal action and probably win. Companies know that suing journalists often leads to more bad press than cooperating. They can even try to contact the company in question for you if the vulnerability is bad enough. If the company doesn't respond or get their shit together, journalists will get a scoop and the company is forced to fix their shit. If the company does fix their shit, the journalist will still get a story out of it and you can rest easy that you've helped make the internet just a little bit safer for everyone. Could you maybe expand on what company you work for so that the rest of us can avoid it and its products? Uploading all of this data to Facebook just so you don't have to run a Matomo instance (or whatever controlled analytics platform you use) is either laziness or disregard for your users. There's a reason the analytics are free and sacrificing your users for something this small is exactly what is wrong with the modern software ecosystem. I learned this the hard a few years back. The lookup performance was good enough, but every time I woke the computer up from sleep or rebooted it, it would spend ten minutes maxing out one or two cores trying to process a hosts file blocking all known malware/spyware/adware domains. This took me ages to find the cause of, I had to use a lot of highly-escalated debuggers and such to figure out what the "system" process was trying to do that was costing so much time. Once I cleared out the hosts file, the problem was resolved. Private DNS is what Android calls DNS over TLS. It's basically normal DNS but with a TLS connection wrapped around it. DoT is very easy to self host if you already run something like a pihole (using nginx to proxy a tcpstream + having it wrap a TLS connection around it) and can be exposed to the internet because it can work over TCP (thus reducing the DDoS risk factor significantly). In Android there's a setting to enable it in the network settings. The default will be "off", if you pick "on" you'll probably be using Google's DNS servers, if you pick "hostname" you can pick a different server. It's more than that, private DNS is not just a different DNS server, it's a DNS over TLS (DoT) server. This means encrypting the lookups to prevent the ISP from tracking the host names you visit. Many DNS servers don't support DoT and some support DoH (DNS over HTTPS) instead. The playback issue (and the reason video editing went so smoothly) is probably because of hardware video codex support. Mobile devices, iPhone or otherwise, are miles ahead of most desktop graphics cards when it comes to video codec support. H.265 support in graphics cards and consumer processors has laughably lacked behind on mobile, probably because of licensing. There's also the fact that a lot of video applications on Windows don't enable hardware decoding by default out of fear of encountering buggy drivers or hardware. On mobile there's basically only one way to decode video, which makes use of all the phone's dedicated hardware, while on desktop applications can use a wide variety of codecs. Then comes the decision whether to decode on the CPU or GPU, as both have hardware decoding support these days, or to fall back to software decoding because the specific combination of codec and bit depth wasn't supported by the hardware of choice. Then there's the fact that Apple logically encodes video the camera records into a format that iMovie is well optimised for. If you encode video with your PC's GPU, it'll probably be just as snappy playing back while the iPhone video might still be struggling. Wire[0][1] does it according to their blog post[2]. This has an impact on FPS and CPU usage+power consumption, but it is secure. [0]: https://wire.com/en/ [1]: https://github.com/wireapp [2]: https://medium.com/@wireapp/video-conferencing-end-to-end-en... As someone who's never used or seen Zoom in action, what's pulling people into Zoom that's not already available in other tools (Hangouts Meet, MS Teams) and even works without installing anything (such as Jitsi)? Based on what I've seen, there's just so much hostile behaviour by the company (including lying about meeting HIPAA e2e requirements!) and the fact that their _official client_ had parts removed by the macOS malware removal tool that I just don't get why people still consider it as an option. If it were the only "just works" tool out there I'd understand, but there's plenty of competition in this space. I've personally began using the Jitsi server the local student network association has set up and it's been working like a dream. You can even share a window to others (which I didn't even know browsers had support for) for presentations and such. "Zoom doesn't fix Windows oversight that makes Windows leak login credentials" Sorry, but this one isn't on Zoom. This is all on Windows. You should be able to click a static link and expect it not to send your user password (or an easily crackable hash) to some remote server. This is nothing new and can also be seen in one of tools I often use to check if my VPN is easily detectable [0]. This is Windows being vulnerable to carelessly authenticating to a remote server using an insecure protocol. Attack vectors also include email, messenger applications, QR codes, and anything else that might form an URI you can click on. You can prevent this in your firewall by setting the right group policy [1] or blocking outbound SMB/NTLM/etc. in your network firewall. [0] hʇʇp://witch.valdikss.org.ru/ WARNING: will try to trigger the exact same credential leak on Windows. Use with care. [1] https://www.securitynewspaper.com/2016/08/06/understanding-w... This is hardly Zoom-related. This attack can easily be executed from Word files and malicious web pages in the right circumstances. Microsoff should really disable this insecure method of authentication to public addresses for everyone but business users who rely on it (and whose IT department can manually enable the feature through group policy). There are sort-of-valid reasons to use SMB over the internet (easy network printing for one, as well as mounting disks in networks that still hand out publicly routable IPv4 addresses such as universities) and closing the port would break that functionality immediately. Why should every residential ISP in the world need to cover up for Microsoft's design flaw? This bug is presented as news but it has been a known security issue for at least 6 years now. These are valid attacks for bypassing Gatekeeper on macOS, but they're not root-level privilege escalations attacks (the user still needs to enter a password) and they don't provide remote code execution. It does show that whoever manages security at Zoom should go back to school though. Operating system security features are not an obstacle but a tool. Trying to work around them reminds me of the age of IE6 toolbars and "system optimisers" who won't let you uninstall them. Why not? It makes business sense for a conferencing tool to be able to link to files on a mounted drive ("can you tell me where the project notes are?" "sure, they're over at \\projects\jabberwocky\notes.docx"). Every chat application turns HTTP strings into links and I don't believe it's the application developer's fault to assume that a simple link will cause code execution or leak credentials. That's a bad API design by Microsoft to the point where it's a vulnerability. If someone told you that on iOS a link starting with HTTP would cause the device to send your Apple password to a random server, would you think that's normal and therefore developers should know better? Why would it be any different with any other kind of link? Wouldn't you expect the OS not to fail catastrophically when a user clicks a link like that? For that stuff protocols such as CoAP might be more useful as it's a standard with pretty much the same benefits but less custom code. It's even possible to translate CoAP directly into HTTP using a proxy such as Squid. There's also MQTT, which was basically designed for IoT sensor reporting. This has even more supported libraries and has been around for ages. The UDP proxy system has the benefit of not being able to fall victim to classic UDP amplification vulnerabilities (send a packet with a spoofed source and have the response bounce back), but it does allow an unsuspecting proxy server to turn into a HTTP-based DDoS. You can send a single packet towards a server and the server automatically does a full TCP handshake and payload delivery for you! That's a lot of extra traffic. I'd stick with known protocols for IoT stuff instead of this. At least the risks have been analysed and firewalls can (should) be easily configurable to block outgoing DDoS attacks in the worst case. The same is not really true for this. If I want to go to the nearest Apple store from my home, that's about 3 hours of travel time. Traveling 6 hours to fix a buggy update in the middle of social quarantine because of a pandemic it not something to look down upon. Especially since countries other than mine have called out a complete lockdown. You can't just walk into an Apple store right now or call a techie friend over. Chrome and Firefox, as well as Microsoft, have announced that they will only distribute stability fixes to prevent people working from home from having trouble. In any normal year, I'd say "shit happens" (or "that's the risk of buying Apple", given that they don't even offer to do pickup of your >€2000 machine like most businesses selling laptops in that price range do). Right now, any disruption in computer performance is debilitating. Apple needs to confirm these cases ASAP and/or pull the update for the devices affected. Apple isn't the only one releasing bricking updates by the way, Samsung has pulled an update for their A70 phone because of bricking issues two days ago. As someone who can't be bothered to pay the Apple tax, what does the Macbook trackpad do that others don't? My experience with different mouse acceleration configs (Windows, Synaptics, Linux) has only been negative. Not during lockdown I'm afraid. I guess if it's a "feel" thing it should be possible to replicate it with lots of tweaking, but I don't think many people who run Linux on laptops use the Apple trackpad much so the overlap between the people who want this and the people who care to write such drivers probably isn't big enough to come up with a Macbook style driver. The trackpad in my laptop (Synaptics branded) has never had trouble like that in my experience. Then again, I'm pretty sure Synaptics has wrist detection built into the firmware of the trackpad itself. I suppose Apple and Windows do this in software for models that don't support this and that's why it's going wrong. I'm not saying that people don't use Linux on laptops by the way, I meant that the overlap between people who run Linux and use a MBP isn't very large (because Linux on Apple can be anything from annoying to install to near impossible). But, as far as I know, Apple still releases the source code for Darwin, right? So shouldn't it be possible to port the trackpad functionality from there? Or did Apple hide the trackpad driver in a closed source blob? I've been considering setting up a Gluu [1] instance for some of my services. It supposedly supports LDAP as well as OpenID and Oauth2 for authentication as well as RADIUS. From what I can tell, this would fit your use case perfectly fine. It's available as open source software but the company behind it is selling it as well in case you'd like a support contract. Note that I haven't set it up myself yet, it's still on my ever-growing list of "tools I have to take a good look at sometime in the future". It does seem like a very good piece of software though. [1] https://www.gluu.org/ Welcome to politics, where the WHO would rather estrange a disputed island nation than one if the biggest world powers. If we get the governments of the world to acknowledge Taiwan then yes, the WHO should follow suit. However, barely any countries acknowledge Taiwan as a nation and the WHO is part of the UN. The person being interviewed handled the situation very badly, but it's stupid to expect Taiwan to be part of the WHO until at least the United States, the EU and Russia officially acknowledge it as well. Seeing what the Trump administration did when Trump wanted to play tough against China and the trade wars that ensued, I think it's entirely possible. Throughout the entire Trump presidency the US has been straining or severing ties with their allies under the guise of "America first". Hell, I honestly wouldn't be that surprised if he'd announce that the US would be leaving the UN next week. Of course animals like cats will kill more in a given area if they don't stray out. I also don't see very much of a problem with that, given that most densely populated neighbourhoods have a want for large amounts of rodents and birds. Every time I see OpenCore I feel like trying to make a Hackintosh again, but then I remember that my GPU is an Nvidia one and that it will never have drivers on any recent macOS releases. My laptop is another contender, but that has an Intel wireless card so that will never be supported either. The network card issue can probably be worked around through some virtualisation, but the laptop CPU is too old to do IOMMU properly so doing a KVM Hackintosh is impossible as well. Dang, that really sucks. I was planning on updating my desktop to 20.04 but after reading about Canonical pushing snaps and now this thread basically claiming that moving or renaming the directory is impossible because what is in my opinion a design flaw in the entire system design, I think I'll switch to Manjaro or Arch for my desktop instead. I am on the rolling releases already but I'm not going to install an LTS version that is so deeply integrated with the distributor while at the same time ignores the directory standards so incredible blatantly. I agree, I'm using Manjaro on my laptop and it works like a treat. I have read the horror stories of a botched Arch upgrade so I think I'll stick to the slightly-more-stable Manjaro but the ecosystem itself is very nice for the moderately familiar Linux user. In my experience the Manjaro config tends to work better on some of the hardware I've tried it on, requiring less tweaking to get it to run properly. I'll also admit that I can't for the life of me get Arch to properly install with all the tools and features that are normally built-in to desktop environments to work on first boot. I'm sure I can make it work if I give it another try now that I've gotten more used to using Manjaro, but the Arch installation experience is not something I want to go through again any time soon. I understand that most Arch users will want to decide exactly how they set up their system and all, but for my personal (non-work) machine I just want an operating system that works, allows me to mess with the standard Linux stuff and manages to install itself without me holding its hand. I'd much rather tick a box that says "enable full disk encryption" than manually configure cryptsetup and LUKS parameters. It's just too much effort for what I get out of it. I'm not saying whether or not Apple trackpads are better or worse than PC trackpads, but I don't think I've seen a laptop that doesn't support multi touch scrolling (horizontal and vertical, of course) in at least 5 years. Maybe in the low budget range? The side scrolling thing is there for the people who are used to it, but two finger drag has been standardised in any laptop I've seen. My laptop has a Synaptics trackpad and while it doesn't have stuff like force touch, it's just as comfortable as using a mouse in many occasions. You can do better than that, you can add custom search engines for most search bars on the web, triggered by key words. Just go to Youtube.com, right click the search box and click the "add keyword" menu item. Then choose a keyword you want to use to trigger a Youtube search (I use yt) and confirm. After that you can search Youtube from anywhere by just typing "yt cute kittens" in the address bar and hitting enter. I don't see why you would only have one of those headers. There are use cases for two proxies to operate (think a corporate proxy + your proxy, or a corporate proxy to a privoxy instance to your proxy, a corporate proxy connecting to a data-saving proxy, etc.). Some proxies like to add these headers by default. Duplicate headers are acceptable in HTTP, so this is all perfectly up to spec. In this case, if your reverse proxy is adding its own header, it should be stripping away the other X-Forwarded-For headers if you so wish, or have the application pick the appropriate header if you wish to receive all of them. This sounds like a misconfiguration issue on your website to me. > It's not allowed to keep state of the user without asking (under GDPR). Why would that be? The GDPR only covers personally identifiable data, a todo list that stores everything in local storage can keep state without any problems. You can store things like language settings, dark mode theme, etc. perfectly fine. You can also use state for multiple purposes as long as you clearly list and identify those beforehand. You can't gather personal data and then suddenly sell or analyze it if you didn't tell your customers you'd be doing that with data. However, saying "we use this email address for (a) sending you news letters (b) letting you recover your password" is perfectly fine. From my reading of the GDPR, you can even gather personal data without explicit informed consent if the data is absolutely necessary for your system to work. You do need to provide ways to update, delete or obtain all information in human-readable form, but explicit consent for something that anyone can understand is absolutely required for the thing to work can be collected. You can keep track of the contents of a shopping cart on a web shop, for example, but you can't submit the contents of that cart to your analytics backend without consent. You can, however, track the cart contents in your backend and link it to the users' account; only when you start processing the data in a way not strictly necessary will you need the user to provide informed consent. The problem with GDPR is that most people encounter it in the form of tracking cookies and advertising, both of which are not absolutely necessary for any application to work, which is why they need informed consent. People think all cookies are now banned until further notice and that the mere existence of a database is now punishable by law, which is not the case. GDPR sucks, but only if you're in the business of collecting a lot of extraneous information about your customers and/or selling it (through analytics or ads, for example). Which, in my opinion, is a good thing. This is probably a reference to Youtube's reaction of the COPPA lawsuit. Basically, Youtube will hold you responsible if you upload something to Youtube without properly tagging if the content is rated for children or not. However, they also said that anything that may be related to children (toys, kids' movies, etc.) should be tagged for children. If you tag something as rated for children and it's not, Youtube will punish you. However, if you talk about a new Frozen movie or review Lego (toys) and use swears, that's children's content with adult language, and therefore punishable. The FTC has published rules about this[0] but has in the past stated it intended to go after Youtubers who broke the rules. These toggles also have an impact on how your videos are monetized and functionality [1]. So, an adult reviewing lego and calling it "fucking amazing" might be right in the middle between "FTC lawsuit" and "account banned by Youtube". Of course this is all further complicated by the fact that other countries will have different legislation. A video marked as viewable for children by the Youtube rules may get you into legal trouble in another country. I'm not necessarily against COPPA but the way the lawsuit was settled caused quite a stir on Youtube and threatened the income of quite a few people, which was made worse by the terrible UI Google has built into Youtube (you couldn't mark a set of videos as "for children", you had to go through each one, and every day a video was up was a day the FTC could send lawyers after you). If Google had handled this better by providing the necessary tools and clear information, this wouldn't have been a big issue at all. [0]: https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/blogs/business-blog/2019/11/... [1]: https://www.vox.com/culture/2019/12/13/21012611/youtube-copp... Looks like GPU issues or memory corruption in the browser memory. You can try disabling hardware acceleration to prevent Chrome from using the GPU but if I were you I'd start checking if everything on my machine is backed up properly. I find the Fox article to be rather short, so have another link with links to more details and news if you're interested in what happened: https://nltimes.nl/2020/05/12/rescuers-find-fifth-dead-body-... It looks like what Opera was doing over a decade ago. IE8 also introduced coloured tabs based on tabs opened by others. Firefox tried something similar to collections for those "tab collectors" with their Panorama (which is not available anymore these days), which was basically a visual 2d layout of tabs within groups. That's what got me the popup "are you sure you want to close 200 tabs" whenever I accidentally hit the close button. All earlier attempts by non-Opera browsers seem to have failed so I wonder how long it'll take before Google takes this feature away. They're not a company that keeps new products or ideas around for long if they don't take off. I wouldn't get too used to having it. You say that, but: https://github.com/flotwig/the-one-cert/issues/2 Browsers not only accept MitM certificates, they have special exceptions for them. If you import a CA certificate, Chrome and Firefox will ignore certain features (such as certificate transparency requirements) even for domains and IPs that resolve to the routable internet. The go-to solution for this is to load a certificate authority into the proxy itself and have it generate certificates on the fly. I think the wildcard rules are more to protect people in case of a certificate authority breach than to protect against MitM. Imagine if DigiNotar would sign a certificate in the form of ⁎.⁎.⁎ instead of just some Google domains and browser would actually accept that! This was made particularly clear to me when I tried to install AdNauseam [1] on Chrome. Google removed the extension from their web store (imagine doing something the user wants, like messing with Google ads, terrible!) so you have to sideload it via the developer options. Now I get a popup every time I open Chrome telling me that there's a dangerous extension with a single click uninstall button. Firefox has its issues (the signing requirements because of malware and invasive antivirus companies suck but I can understand why they exist) but their addons aren't discriminated against. There's addons listing porn sites on there, something for which Google would remove the extension on sight, there's addons that mess with Google and their ads, and the list goes on. The browser is no longer independent from Mozilla, but it still remains much more free than Chrome. [1]: https://adnauseam.io/ , it's an addon that clicks every ad while still hiding them to fight back against advertisements and break the profile ad companies construct around your interests. There are tools that intentionally insert failures into the network streams of applications. A few of them are described here: https://medium.com/@docler/network-issues-simulation-how-to-... The other linking/OS problems can probably be automated with some simple integration tests and a bunch of different docker containers to compile the code in. Should be possible to squeeze it into a CI/CD flow somewhere with some clever tricks. Even if you use AJAX forms for logging in or registering (I'd prefer you didn't but whatever), you should still use the proper form validation API for things like this. If you use the proper HTML API for gathering data properly, you're most likely not affected badly functionality wise; only your UI will be affected because the form will refuse to be posted without proper explanation. If the change really does get bypassed by everyone, that only underlines the sad state of modern website design relying completely on javascript. I'm not sure why they don't limit this to just passwords but I can imagine it's easier to change the behaviour for all form elements than it is to change the behaviour of just password fields. One breaks the expectations of users, the other breaks the expectations of developers. On a website full of developers you'll probably see a lot more from one side than from the other. From the WHATWG/W3C definitions of the maxlength attribute: > Constraint validation: If an element has a maximum allowed value length, its dirty value flag is true, its value was last changed by a user edit (as opposed to a change made by a script), and the code-unit length of the element’s value is greater than the element’s maximum allowed value length, then the element is suffering from being too long. > User agents may prevent the user from causing the element’s value to be set to a value whose code-unit length is greater than the element’s maximum allowed value length. The key word, I think, is "may" in that user agents do not seem to be obligated to truncate text from what I can find in the standard. While this does break the expectations from a developer point of view, I think it is perfectly in line with what users expect when they paste text. I think text falling off at the end after a paste with no explanation is more confusing than an the field glowing red with a message "you can only enter X characters here". The old behaviour famously made people lose access to their PayPal account where the login form had a different maxlength as the registration form and where the password manager had put in a nice, long password. Preventing this sounds like a fine change for me, despite the compatibility break. Agreed. Though, as a developer, I like to extend the submission actions a little bit to make error messages fit in with the rest of the site and maybe suggest what to do in order to correct the input (e.g. remove letters from phone numbers, pick a better password, etc.) I do consider using the HTML5 form validation to be the proper validation API. Browser can do a lot without javascript and relying on their default behaviour is still making use of the validation API. I'd say the fact that it says that the user agent may, not must, truncate the text is a sign that this behaviour should not be expected. Failing the HTML5 validation is also perfectly reasonable. If people are building web pages right, this change will have little impact. Big if, of course, but a man can dream... You're totally right, but the Firefox popover indicating what's going wrong doesn't go with some of the designs I make. On a bootstrap-based design I much prefer bootstrap-style error messages which are easy to do with Javascript, and the same is true for Material-based designs. I do think that people generally overlook the built-in form validation though, and I like to use them as a fallback for Javascriptless environments to ensure everyone can get proper validation. It's nog a bug, it's a feature. Doordash uses investment money to evaporate competitors, take over the market and then raise prices for restaurant owners once they gain control. It's a tried and proven concept. Paying part of the meal is part of that strategy. They know full well that large orders and large amounts of transactions cost them more money and they're betting on nobody actually doing this. They're selling products below the cost of production at this point, something that I would argue should not be allowed in ethical capitalism. Investors know fully well what they're investing in, and of not, they've either not kept their responsibility on reading about the company they're investing in, or the company itself is pulling massive investment fraud. Play shit games, win shit prices. If they don't want to lose money like this, maybe they should have a business strategy that isn't oriented about purposely losing money to bankrupt competitors. They easily could've set a reasonable limit of say $200 dollars to their cheaper transactions but they chose not to. Would I go full ethical when finding exploits for an inherently unethical company? Would I dutifully report flaws to companies selling "adult supervision" apps used by controlling spouses? Would I give "bank phishing on demand" websites a 90 day trial period? I don't think so. Making such software is perfectly legal (in many jurisdictions) but is rarely ever ethical. Ethics would need to come from two sides for me to consider responsible disclosure. I have flooded several phishing databases with fake information, got some of them over their resource limit and shut down as well, and I don't feel the smallest bit of regret. Several European government bodies are looking into/starting to transition to self-hosted Matrix servers. Further development on the protocol with government funding could very well happen. France already started developing their own alternative: https://matrix.org/blog/2018/04/26/matrix-and-riot-confirmed... The German government is trialing it already: https://www.heise.de/newsticker/meldung/Open-Source-Bundeswe... Advancements are definitely being made, though because of the way governments operate I doubt we'll see their contributions be open sourced very soon. It's nice to know there are developments in the right direction, though. I'm more intended to think that YouTube is trying to prevent the leaking shit stain that is the youtube comment section from growing even further. There's some nice channels I see, but anything discussing something even remotely political (which, these days, includes mobile networks, solar panels and other categories that have fallen victim to conspiracy nuts) are full of trolls or shit people in general. Some comment threads incite violence against Jews, others violence against Muslims, and then there's the white supremacists inciting violence against everybody. Putting comments trolling any Chinese viewers below anything that covers China is something that's taken off lately, either because of racism or because of increased activism in Hong Kong. Having everybody be free to say anything had led the YouTube comments to be generally regarded as a place or toxicity and horror for many people. YouTube trying to brush up their image after Elsagate and other such PR disasters only makes sense, and their comment section is the first I'd personally clean up. I don't know how you'd do that without dancing on the dangerous line between (American) expectations of complete freedom of speech and getting out the nutjobs, but someone over at Google seems to be trying to and probably uses this new-fangled machine learning thing to do it because it doesn't involve paying people to keep the stream of verbal manure in check. There's also the danger to your platform that comes with angering Chinese nationalists. When Notepad++ added a message to stand up to the Chinese concentration camps, its Github got completely flooded by angry Chinese people and trolls from both sides. Some of the people calling the author "filthy dog" and other expletives were maintainers of seemingly commonly-used libraries and projects. Criticising the worst of China seems to have the same effect as posting a video of a burning American flag. I doubt many platform owners would like their platform to host these social garbage fires. All of that culminates into topics where trolling often occurs being removed or shadow banned. Posts on HN get shadowbanned as well, usually after manual flagging, but I do have doubts about the absence of troll farms controlling the narrative here. As far as I know, YouTube has always had certain words being blacklisted, usually swears and such. This system can also be used by channel owners to maintain their comment section. I can only imagine when Google decided to add material criticising China, but I'd expect it would have started when the first Hong Kong protests were met with violence. Where I live, one company has taken over all meal delivery nationally. After destroying the competition, this company had started raising prices each year. They ask for a percentage (13%, rising each year) in an industry where the margins are already very thin. They money grab got a lot worse after they pushed out all the alternatives and just like with Google, everybody has to play by their rules or they'll be mostly undiscoverable for a large portion of the general public. Their delivery people are still underpaid, but by increasing their percentage of the bill they take for themselves they're now turning a profit. It's gotten to the point where companies are not even allowed to lower their prices when people use other delivery systems (or the restaurant's own personnel) which are cheaper. The company only got this large because they could afford making losses for many years. Now other companies such as Doordash are trying to cut into the market as well, using hundreds of millions of foreign cash flows and putting business owners under even more pressure. Had there not been a company doing this since 2014, Doordash or any of its competitors would have taken the market regardless. I don't think these people were paid at all. From what I read about it at the time, it seemed that a somewhat popular Chinese news source pointed out the message put into Notepad++ which caused outraged people to lash out across the internet. The trolls were just there to ruffle feathers and laugh at other people's misery. Chinese nationalists were met with overt racism, which sparked more outrage by other Chinese people, which was then met with more resistance from people defending the software author from the attack on their Github page, creating an argument between two groups that would have otherwise never considered going up at arms against each other. There wasn't as much of an agenda as there were just a bunch of angry nationalists (you're bound to have those in a country counting over a billion people) and trolls using their outrage for their own amusement. My comment also stated that it's not stealing if you order from a business that decided to operate in a way that causes them to lose money if you order with them. Investors know that the company they're investing in will lose a lot of money and the know about the business practices that basically give away money in order to gain popularity. It's not their money anymore after they gave it to the company. It's true that if the company goes bankrupt they lose out, but they can prevent losing that money by not investing on companies handing out free cash. The software itself is not unethical, the business practices Doordash/Uber/Yelp/etc. follow to make their software popular are. The problem is that these companies seemingly can't make a profit without using huge investments to crush the local competition. If they were to act ethically, I would have no problems with these companies. Also, taking away future profit is not stealing, it's part of the risk of doing business. Don't stuff your money into risky business ventures if you don't want risk. It's quite sad that pension funds are investing in these predatory businesses but protecting their investments because they're too big to fail undermine the entire concept of competition in capitalism. From what I've read, things started going wrong when an (ex?) official of the US released information the Dutch shared with their American allies[1]. Details on when or why access to the Russian networks was lost aren't readily available (secret service and all that) but I do remember reading about the intelligence agencies being not particularly pleased with the way the information was publicly released by their allies. It makes sense that someone gloating about how there's an ally of theirs in your network will make you take a second look at the traffic flowing through your network if you're waging cyber warfare. [1]: https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/new-d... I would have expected Microsoft to stalk their users like always and go for an opt-out instead of an opt-in (which, by the way, is legally required according to the GDPR but national privacy offices seem unwilling to actually take Microsoft to court). What's sad is that Microsoft actively lied in its description and privacy statement by stating it's possible to opt out of tracking. This is not possible for Windows 10 Home and Pro users. Advertising that opting out is possible when it's not is a blatant lie. You're technically correct for some use cases. For Windows 10 Enterprise users, the official tool does allow you to disable telemetry by modifying the system telemetry settings. For Windows Home and Professional users, this is not the case. Disabling telemetry is not possible because Microsoft have decided that there is a minimum "required" amount of telemetry every OS installation must send in order to function. If the telemetry description stated that some Windows users are able to opt out, they'd be correct. It's just another example of Microsoft showing they couldn't give a rat's ass about their customers' wishes and that you'll just have to deal with them tracking everything you do. And who knows? Maybe I do like to contribute to Microsoft about kernel bluescreens so that Windows can get more stable, but do not wish to upload a report every time I install or uninstall software? Why would it be strange that I don't like to share some telemetry but not all telemetry? This depends. My Dutch credit card with a PIN protecting it can be used online as long as you have all the numbers. However, almost everybody I know never uses credit cards to buy anything. Everyone I know uses debit cards. With the rise of contactless payments there's an argument to be made that those are still usable, but it only takes a quick call to your bank to disable that. All Dutch banks I've seen used online require at least SMS 2FA. Payment through mobile banking apps often do not, but the process of authenticating your phone with your bank is very cumbersome even for legitimate use. In my local banking ecosystem, digital fraud only really exists in the form of phishing. I don't think I even know anyone who's ever done a chargeback. The credit card system is horribly designed and because of compatibility reasons (and fear of change) fraud is much more common than with banking like I'm used to. I use my credit card as backup on holidays and for paying on some foreign websites but I never feel at ease entering my card details. It's ridiculous how in this day and age credit cards are still so easy to abuse. Actually, any telemetry that, combined with other databases, can identify a single natural person located inside EU borders must be submitted with informed consent. This means that the average Joe must understand what information is being sent and the submission must be opt-out rather than opt-in. It's possible to do telemetry in a way that does not violate this law, but that means you're not allowed to do more than basic aggregates that can just as easily be collected on the backend. A collection of installed software can easily act as a globally unique identifier because every PC installation is different, so even training a "recommended for you" system that just finds other software that people commonly install along with a certain package must already be opt-in. Because of the requirement that combining data with other databases (server logs, for example) must not allow for unique identification of a single person in a data set, you really should only be using opt-in with informed consent. "We may use data as described in our privacy policy" is not informed consent, "we will send a list of all software you install, remove, change or update, when you do so and in what way you did it" comes close. Microsoft is severely lacking in this aspect. The developers add insult to injury by also lying about the theoretical ability to opt out. You're right, there is a negativity bias in reviews. That's mostly because people don't want to spend their free time and effort on making your product better. Hire people specialised in Q&A, send someone over to big customers to observe how people use your product and ask/pay a customer to interview a random selection of the people using the software. Or just stalk your customers. It doesn't require human interaction, it's cheap, and probably not illegal enough to actually get fined. Who cares about the actual opinions of your customers when you can just interpret some carefully selected dashboards, right? The world can take production facilities and resource processing to other countries, boycot trade with China, change the postal union paperwork to no longer list China as a third would country and make it pay for its own shipping. The world then needs to invest heavily in the poor countries that China has been investing in for years to balance their power. This will probably make most luxury items unattainable for anyone but the upper class, will set back worldwide trading several decades, cause economic collapse across many industries and might spark the invasion of Taiwan. Politicians know that taking action against China will only hurt them and their voters in the end. We've let China become too powerful because it made our lives easier and now it's too late to take proper action. The only way I see to prevent the chinede government from overthrowing Hong Kong is through a coup d'etat or a new world war. The Uyghur concentration camps are a lot easier to ignore than the risk of global nuclear destruction, so it'll probably never happen. An even weaker nation when it comes to economic influence, Russia, has been free to attack and invade Ukraine without much more than a slap on the wrist and some fines. No UN actions, no NATO standing ready to fight any future invasions. Eventually empires like China are toppled when powerful people in the ruling class are divided. We won't see it happen within out lifetimes, but in a hundred years or so things will be different again. This looks like it shouldn't be too hard to do on Android (in native apps, you'd have problems with Unity3D and Flutter apps) with Xposed, but I don't think there's an Xposed module that does specifically this. It's a nice idea though and I hope someone with experience in it will take an interest in writing this. I think most mobile operating systems are quite easy these days. An Android tablet isn't inherently more difficult than an iPad, except for the fact that there's no real Android competition for it (Android tablets are cheap and shit or expensive and with little support these days). On the other hand, the last time I held an iPad it was because someone asked me to help them remove some apps from their tablet. I couldn't figure out how to remote anything because the little X that's supposed to appear when you want to uninstall something didn't show up. I was probably tapping it wrong (3d touch?) but I ended up giving it back and telling them to ask someone used to Apple devices. There's a lot that iOS does right but there's also a lot that it does wrong. The same goes for macOS in my opinion. The benefit macOS has is the same benefit ChromeOS has, in that it tries to show an interface with as few buttons and widgets as possible. There's a bunch of apps at the dock in the bottom and most people will probably never need more than that, aside from a decent browser maybe. Windows tries to do the same but because it is Windows and people are used to button placements that have been the same since Windows XP, attempts at minimalism in the interface often meets friction. The Windows 7 control panel was, honestly, complex and difficult for many, but after so many years everyone who used it needed time to adjust to the new flatter, simpler design. Microsoft tried to go the "make it as simple as possible" route with Windows 8, where they used the same paradigms on desktop as people were already using on mobile. This failed miserably and now they're doing a weird mix of keeping the old and reintroducing the interface for common programs every big update. It's a mess but I don't know what I'd do differently. The sad reality is that now that Microsoft has lost the mobile OS wars, they'll never have the shared ecosystem they so direly need to properly compete with Apple. Their Xbox integration might prove to be a game changer here, though, because an Xbox and a few Windows PCs have the potential to compete with Apple TV and a few Macbooks. I think you're making your point to the wrong person here. There's a lot of people inside the macOS ecosystem that continue to defend their bullshit but the parent seems angry that the purchasing decision he made when Apple was actually kind of good has been made useless by the change Apple has made over the last years. Not all macOS users are the same and it's preposterous to call out "you mac users" as if they are one group. While you're right to a certain point, more Linux developers on the AMD platforms will eventually lead to less AMD-related bugs in the kernel. From what I've seen of AMD, the hardware is often excellent but the software leaves something to be desired. AMD GPU drivers, for example, are stable for some and unstable for others. The more people involved with building Linux use AMD hardware, the fewer AMD-only bugs find themselves into the kernel. It might also help with optimizing the software for higher core counts now that 32 cores without NUMA is feasible for workstations. In the end I think parts of the core team switching to AMD will make the hardware platform more attractive for people browsing for workstations. AMD provides great value for money but if you want stability, you buy Intel. Now that probability of instability is decreased with major kernel developers testing out changes and encountering some of the same potential bugs, Threadripper becomes more attractive to certain groups of power users. This is celebrity news that might affect a lot of people in their day-to-day business down the line, which is different from the typical "Paul Graham ate breakfast" or "Linus Torvalds flips off nvidia" celebrity news cycle. This is rent as in paying a share of the worker's rent. But, as many working from home will concur, most can't work from home well without dedicating part of your living space to office work. That extra room or that part of the living room that was previously free space is now practically reserved for the company you work for. I don't know if I agree with the policy, but I can see some sense in it. By paying for the living space sacrificed for WFH, companies are disincentivised to push for WFH after all lockdowns are over to save on office cost. Paying the same wage with less cost on office maintenance would be a dream come true for employers, of course, but that would shift the cost of the work space to the employer which I would find unfair. As the article states: > Geiser points out that the decision applies to employees who work from home upon the employer’s request. However, employees that work from home on their own behest may not receive rental compensation. > ... Luca Cirigliano, General Secretary of the Swiss Confederation of Trade Unions, told the paper that companies often use flexible workstations in order to save money on office rent. > It is extremely unfair as well as illegal for employers to pass costs on to employees in this way, Cirigliano told the paper. So, if the company forces you to work from home so they can save on rent, they have to pay you for "renting" office space from your house. Regardless of the home situation of the worker, the worker needs to reserve space from the home they paid for or are paying for. Many who don't pay rent still pay mortgages. And even if the house is paid off, the company is still basically claiming a working space that they can skimp out on. The idea is that when a company lays claim to a space in your house, you should get something in return. It doesn't matter if there's four other people paying you rent while you from from home, your home is your space and not the employer's. Note that this is just an addition to the wage, not a direct bank transfer to the letting agency. A lot of subletting is also done this exact same way (e.g. paying money to the original renter who passes it on to pay the rent). On Android, there's Instant Apps[1] though for some reason Google hasn't integrated them on all devices. They work through links/QR codes and through NFC tags. I believe they might also be accessible though the Google Bluetooth Le beacon API (so when you enable the specific feature, you'll get a popup like "this location serves the following app" which you can then instantly launch). I don't know about iOS but the two copy features from each other all the time so Apple probably has it too (if they weren't the first to launch them). Honestly, if you're working from a QR code you might as well just serve a mobile web app. If you add PWA support your customers might even install it if they come around often. [1]: https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7683278 WhatsApp reverse engineering happens all the time. There's news channels out there with people dedicated to being the first to announce references to upcoming features every update. The same can be said of Signal or any other chat application distributed through Google Play. How do you know the binary corresponds to the source? Good luck getting reproducible builds on Android or iOS. If you want to be sure your chat app is secure, you need to review and compile the code every time. And, of course, you need the knowledge and skills of a good cryptographer to determine hidden backdoors in the algorithms. Whatsapp is reasonably secure, as long as you don't upload your unencrypted chats to Google Drive (the backup functionality). Telegram, with E2E enabled, hasn't been proven insecure enough despite its weird custom crypto scheme. However, WhatsApp brings E2E to group chats where Telegram needs manual configuration in private chats to do so. If we want to bring E2E to the masses, WhatsApp is the best option for now. I'm hoping Matrix will change this or Telegram will implement proper crypto, but until then, WhatsApp is probably the best option we have. The document in question is only accessible for ITU members, but I found an accessible source discussing Huawei's proposal: https://www.internetsociety.org/resources/doc/2020/discussio... Personally, I would not trust anything Huawei produces because of their history of design flaws and bad software practices, as well as their ties to the Chinese government. However, I do see value in reworking some systems, such as BGP and DNS, which have been patched with optional additions to compensate for the trusting nature of its designers back when ARPAnet was small and contained little reason to execute hijacks of resources. Protections for existing protocols are available though, so instead of reworking protocols and creating telecom-only protocols, perhaps enforcing certain features (BGP security, DNSSEC, etc.) for a provider to be able to name their service "5G" (or "6G" or whatever the next standard is) to make companies give a damn about security. The same tactic can also enforce proper filtering to prevent spoofed phone calls on the backbone that American wireless carriers seem to be so awful at. I wouldn't bother with AS numbers in IP packet headers because it requires a mechanism of syncronising AS routes on the client side while the client should not be bothered with routing. The idea of BGP works fine but needs to have the proper security measures in place. I don't think TCP/IP should contain complex routing systems like that. I'd love to have IPsec to become the HTTPS for all protocols but there's no way that's going to happen without a proper mechanism to support random connections. My attempts at making IPsec work for communication between devices (so not just L2TP VPNs) so far have all been thwarted by complicated software configurations and outdated guides with questionable security recommendations. I don't have the exact links available right now but my position comes from claimed "backdoors" in their software and hardware. Research found no backdoors, but all reported vulnerabilities were due to unsafe coding practices, many many different version of the same library being reused across the software of their devices with many of those versions being outdated and just generally a crummy job at coding. There was very little malice found, only bad practices. This was compared to vendors like Cisco where secret passwords and backdoors were hidden obfuscated in their code, which can only mean the company intended for the backdoor to be there. Personally, I'd buy Huawei before Cisco given that incompetence is easier to forgive than straight-out malice in my opinion, but the conclusion remains that Huawei software isn't always up to snuff which can be a problem when you're trying to push a replacement for the core of the internet for your software. Licensing is impossible if you don't run this on Apple hardware. The macOS license only allows you to install and run macOS on devices that came with it and this includes virtualization. However, if you buy a Mac, install Linux and use it to run the pipelines, that'd be strictly legal I believe. > Android provides an emulator that gobbles up RAM and is painfully slow to use. That's not my experience. The official Android emulator works just like any emulator and will take the RAM it needs to run like a real device. If you don't have the RAM to emulate a smart phone (which these days contains anywhere between 6 and 10GB of RAM it seems) while also running the debug tools, you can always lower the RAM you give the virtual device. Android will run on 1GB of RAM though it won't be pretty if you want to emulate interacting between different apps and such. Oh, and there's a potential gotcha in that Android does a lot of stuff on the mobile GPU, so GPU acceleration will make a huge difference. You don't need a 2080Ti to run the emulator, but integrated Intel graphics are often not up for the task. On my laptop the Intel drivers were also flagged for incompatibilities because of unresolved issues with the driver themselves, making Android run on software rendering and oh boy what a drama that was. The big problem isn't so much the emulator, it's the IntelliJ-based IDE combined with the java compilers that gobble up RAM worse than Chrome. Each compilation process can quickly grow to 2GB and release it soon after, torturing your OS's memory manager. My experience running and debugging the emulator with 16GB of RAM have been quite good. 8GB is doable if you don't have too many tabs open and tune your emulator. The biggest problem I have with Android development is that compiling even a small app takes over a minute in my 7700k. As a fan of IntelliJ, I applaud their choice of IDE. They used to base their IDE on Eclipse and that was clearly not worth it. As for dedicated IDEs, unlike Microsoft and Apple, Google didn't have an existing IDE lying around for their purposes. When someone did make an IDE from scratch, Xamarin, I found it worse in every single aspect aside from language support. And let's be honest, while Visual Studio is probably one of the best end-user facing pieces of software Microsoft still maintains in-house, it wasn't that great. Typing latency is high, configuration is painful and error messages are vague. Many, if not most, dotnet devs run the Jetbrains tools to enhance their VS experience. The compile keyword produced warnings for over three years now. The author was likely developing with an old or bad guide in hand, because the warnings were there. In my experience, many of the Android methods marked as deprecated also contained docstrings to the new API and how to use it. In some cases it can even automatically insert the boilerplate code to do what the old, deprecated function did with the extra error handling for changes to the platform. compile and implementation aren't the same thing. Depending on your use case, compile needs to be either changed to api or implementation. They aren't the same thing, so just a quick replace by the IDE would likely break more than it fixes. The problem is that most guides treat them as the same thing and make people think the compiler is being stupid for changing the word they need. I can't speak for other projects, but for Android, where most of my deprecation struggles came from, the change was the result of changing requirements. Early Android was a wild west where every app could copy the contents of your SD card and upload it to their servers without even so much as a warning, where IMEI numbers were widely used as identifiers in databases for analytics and where permissions were more of theory than a practical requirement. Killing random apps was a permission any application could obtain, app databases appeared on your SD card which sometimes included credentials and secretly turning on cameras was easy to do by rendering the preview to a 1x1 pixel area. Screen hijacks were also commonly possible, causing major concern for apps for banking and such. Google had to retroactively restrict applications with new permission systems and applications often crashed without workarounds because the developers often never bothered with exception handling for stuff like file I/O. This isn't moving fast and breaking things, this is trying to fix fatal flaws in the design of a running train. When I encounter deprecation, it's because the underlying design of the API I use has significantly changed, often for good reason. It's annoying when features turn from a simple function call to a complicated code structure, but there's often a good reason behind it. I just wish people would put those reasons in their docstrings and release notes instead of marking stuff as deprecated and leaving it at that. Windows Phone used the same model as Android, only Windows Phone devices never got to the point where they came out with over 4GB of RAM. iOS doesn't actually emulate most of the system though, which is why it can run on so little RAM. Apple repurposes the shared components running on macOS to do the heavy lifting of iOS emulation. Their approach, in my opinion, is closer to a Docker container with a display than to a traditional emulator. This is also why it's technically impossible to port the iOS emulator to Windows or Linux even if they were willing to give up their vendor lock-in. I haven't worked with the iOS simulator for long, but I found some features the Android emulator offered missing in iOS. There was no installing apps (like WhatsApp, to test sharing) and the tooling for faking following a recorded or generated GPS path were either impossible for me to find or just not there. I also found that the "OS" inside the simulator felt bare-bones and incomplete whereas the Android emulator comes with the complete toolkit, including Google Play. iOS simulation is faster than Android emulation, but in my opinion that comes at a cost. It's possible to do the same thing on Linux through Anbox, though that might not have all the same API's. The Android kernel is quite different from the Linux kernel it was once just a fork of and on Windows you'll never see the same level of integration with Android that iOS has. Many video codecs allow you to pick quality settings. This allows live transcoding and streaming on things like phones and other low-power devices at the cost of quality (or size). This allows a lot of versatility with the same video format, because this way it can be used for both 4k movie footage and security camera streams. You wouldn't want to encode a movie with phone settings. Encoders like NVENC and QuickSync would drastically improve encoding speed at the same cost, albeit likely at slightly higher quality because those chips can be actively cooled and therefore process more data within a time frame. The website is down, but yeah, offering customised ISO files with Windows and some tools is clearly a breach of license. You can't just take a paid OS distribution, add some config and plonk it onto github. There's been people patching and customising Windows for many years, but most of the time that was done in the form of gaining an official ISO, patching it with a program on your computer and then using that to install. With that model the user is the one violating the license, not the distributor, though often these configurations used the official Windows API for OEMs so it was legally grey enough that I've never heard of any lawsuits. If these people just provided an exe and some patch files to turn an official ISO into the same thing as they offered on their website, they'd likely be in the clear. I'm not entirely sure what the point of the project is though, loads of pentesting tools only run well on Linux and there's plenty of Linux pentesting kits already. Why not just run Kali in a fullscreen virtualbox and be done with it? Or load Kali into WSL2, assuming Microsoft has fixed the hardware access limitations in WSL1? Copyright law does not grant you tge right to spread something you downloaded even if it was free. The original rights holder may decide who can and cannot host what part of their product for what reason. Free software usually permits you to redistribute the software you download, but there's no such freedom in closed source software. This is part of the "free as in speech" qualifier of open source software. Microsoft does allow you to download the ISO for free, which is why I don't understand why they didn't include a patcher either. Looking at the official twitter account for the project, it seems like the project maintainers (and likely their users) reside somewhere in the Middle East, given that they seem to speak Arabic. Perhaps the average Internet near the project's target audience are low enough to warrant uploading a customised, minimised ISO? I don't know, a patcher seems like a better choice to me. Maybe they'll switch models now because of the takedown? While there are loads of valid criticisms here, a lot of time is wasted on complaining that Windows broke the weird, buggy shell customisation tools and modules that the author uses. Some of the problems ("why are these resources in DLLs and not files") are there because if Microsoft changes them, loads of programs break for many more people. As opposed to the people behind many shell customisation tools, other programs do use the APIs that were intended to be used by developers and Microsoft actually tries to keep compatibility with those above some kind of quick launch menu some guy customised back in the XP days. I think this guy would be excellently at home on Linux, although he picked some of the more fancy distros as examples in his video. His Windows setup reminds me of LXDE and XFCE. The dock, the floating panels, everything can be replicated and practically guaranteed to work despite updates. Now, program compatibility for stuff like video editors is an entirely different subject so I don't expect this person to switch, but as far as GUI problems go, Linux is the best place to solve them to prove your point. There's one problem though, and that's that nobody cares about you and your long tail. Linux people used to be all about this stuff and that's why Linux was always considered arcane and unusable. Linux shell developers used to develop a lot of their software for themselves and their usage patterns instead of for others, making their only usable for people with the same expectations. Because of the lack of a unified GUI, there will never be centralised settings for the entire system, there's always long text files. If you are in the long tail, pick up Arch and go ham. But please, for the love of God, leave the GUI for normal people alone. I used to do tech support over the phone, which most commonly consisted of getting people to launch Teamviewer and fixing whatever problem they had. Every fancy, smart, helpful feature that some whizzkid installed to help their parents made it completely impossible to help those people. They don't know what a start button is, they can't describe their screen to you, there's no standard buttons, labels or anything to help people, manuals are suddenly all wrong ("I've got the start menu open but I don't see control panel" because the shell renamed it to "settings") and auto hiding task bars made people think their computer was broken. There's improvements to be made, but most people require simplicity over customisability. Custom icons break software, break expectations and often break metaphors. Custom task bars break old, buggy business software that hundreds of thousands of people rely on. Hell, I've seen some tools break because I decreased the width of window borders by a few pixels. Every customisability option needs to be tested for functionality and compatibility and developers' time is much better spent at making features normal people care about. You want a perfect shell no matter the cost? Build one. The shell launch API is there in Windows, changing most system icons is supported through the registry. Window theming for most of the OS can still be used through the Windows 2000 theming system. Even more is possible by passing certain system messages to windows of other programs like explorer. You'll break stuff, but you'll break them just the way you like it. Don't expect anyone to build a GUI for you if you know your requirements don't matter for the vast majority of people. The opt-out does not exist for Home and Pro users. Only Windows 10 Enterprise can completely disable the telemetry engine. Unless you take extra steps (firewall rules, network-level blocking, etc.) Microsoft will get a ping every time a new device is plugged in and there's no way to disable that for the common user. I used to accept most telemetry popups from Microsoft before they became opt-out, but in the scheme MS has currently set up, I don't think MS let their customers make an informed choice about their data collection. For that reason, I oppose it as much as I can. Chromebooks have been running ARM forever, so Google already has their platform ARM-ready. In fact, I'd even say ChromeOS is more of a complete desktop suite than any ARM project Microsoft has undertaken as of yet, mostly because of the web-first style of development Google follows. What's the benefit of Metal in this use case? Are there any noticeable speedups in other brute forcing tools that switched to Apple's proprietary API? Given that OpenCL works on every decent modern platform and GPU brand I doubt much effort will be put into Metal unless someone familiar with the API and willing to put in the extra work joins the team of maintainers or creates a fork. TIL. That's awful, but then again I'd expect nothing less from Apple. It's a miracle they even supported open standards in the first place. As long as Apple keeps OpenCL around, even if it's deprecated, these tools should still work. I'd expect that only the announcement of complete removal of OpenCL support would be enough to actually make hashcat put in the extra effort of writing a special Apple backend like that. Maybe they're generous or bored and do it before that, but I wouldn't expect them to in the near future. Very nice, this can speed up some of the old Pis still hanging around quite significantly if software authors start making use of Vulkan on ARM. I wonder how Nvidia is looking at this with their terrible anti-open source mindset. I hooe an engineer of theirs with experience from their company writing a video driver doesn't get the author any repercussions. From what I know, the legality if this differs between state. In some you need consent from both parties, in others only your own. Given their hesitance to official statements, I'd guess the call would be terminated immediately. I will immediately believe them when you interpreted "outperforming" as "better performance per watt". However, I can also see their chips outperforming Intel in sustained workloads. Apple has a history of crippling Intel performance by allowing the CPU to only run at full speed for a short while, quickly letting it ramp up the temperature before clocking down aggressively. Some of that is likely because of their power delivery system, some of it is because they choose to limit their cooling capacity to make their laptops make less noise or with fewer "unattractive" airholes. Either way, put the same chip in a Macbook and in a Windows laptop and the Windows laptop will run hotter but with better performance. However, with a more efficient chip, Apple could allow their CPU to run at a higher frequency than Intel for longer, benefiting sustained workloads despite the IPC and frequency being lower on paper. This is especially important for devices like the Macbook Air, where they didn't even bother to connect a heatpipe to the CPU and aggressively limit the performance of their Intel chip. I'd even consider the conspiracy theory that Apple has been limiting their mobile CPU performance for the last few years to allow for a smoother transition to ARM. If they can outperform their current lineup even slightly, they can claim to have beaten Intel and then make their cooling solution more efficient again. Only Google Android, neither my current nor my previous phone have had the option to use instant apps. Maybe it's a region lock thing (I'm not in the US) but it's not globally available on all Play Services devices so I don't know what the point of putting effort into Instant Apps really is. It only makes sense to support all of Google Android or none of Google Android. > Also, why not just PWA ? Apple won't get 30%. They'd have to put effort into making PWAs work reliably, which they don't want, and they'd open up the opportunity to get real app-like experiences without the 99 dollars per year + 30% of sales. There's no incentive for Apple to support this because they can only lose money. If they do release it, they'll probably make you pay for something to use all of the APIs, like for a messaging platform or for access to certain entitlements for full sensor support. Android emulators on desktop generally run amd64 images of Android using existing virtualisation hardware and software. At best, you can say that you can run ARM-only games at native speed now, but as a developer you won't really notice much different (assuming the processors aren't slower than Intel's) Firefox does that to fix quickly typed domains if they're not found by DNS (it appends .com and tries to load that). It's probably because form/multipart is nearly a functional URL (where "form" is the hostname, which could very well be resolved in corporate networks or through a hosts file, for example). If you want to be sure you're executing a search, either use a keyword for Google or start your query with a question mark. A quick way to execute a search is to hit control+k, which puts focus to the URL bar and prepopulates it with "? " so that whatever you type after it is executed as a search. I actually dislike it when Firefox does the opposite for websites like pi.hole or fritz.box. The domain does resolve, but you get redirected to a search page regardless and Firefox put a suggestion to navigate to what you typed. My address bar is not a Google search form, it's an address bar that happens to search on Google when I type something that's not a web address. While I like your app and definitely consider giving it a try now that it seems to support e2ee, you shouldn't create a new account to post the same message after your other one got voted down so hard. Please consider writing a "show HN" post instead. Not as far as I am aware. Most proprietary chat apps have very little support outside basic messaging. Corrections and standard reaction emoji work for platforms that support it, but that's about as far as support goes in most cases. Video calling, especially e2ee direct communication, would probably be unstable and if poor quality if you require the call to go through an extra translation hop. Chat support has been getting better though, bridge performance has increased a lot over the past few months. If the web app for your bridge of choice supports calling, I see no theoretical limitation in implementing a call integration, though it would probably be very hard to get it working correctly. Most popups I've seen are either illegal under the laws they were created for (the full-screen privacy ones) or signs that you should leave the website or app (newsletter ones). The problem is that instead of stopping their abusive behaviour, tracking companies will make whole ranges of services as hard to use as possible and point towards lawmakers when people complain about them. Their flawed business model has collapsed because privacy has finally gotten attention and they're fighting tooth and nail to keep their awful businesses afloat. There's a perfect setting in most browsers that the popups can already use, called "do-not-track". However, they don't want to use that because it's too easy to turn it on. So instead of listening to your preference, they will show the popup regardless and follow the rules to the most annoying extent of the law. Really, people should just stop clicking through these goddamn popups and leave the website when they encounter them. The only way to stop this madness is to take away traffic from websites with shitty practices. This includes those damn notification scripts and those auto-playing videos. I have my doubts about some of the statistics in this article (Groningen the number 6 wealthiest place in Europe? I'm not so sure about that) but I can't deny that wages and freely expendable income in the US are much higher than most of Europe. However, with the work ethic and the hours many US workers pull to maintain those standards, I'm not so sure if I'd want Europe to move towards the rich American standard. From a rich man's perspective, which many of HN's readers are very likely to know because this crowd is seemingly highly educated or intelligent through their own pursuit, the US does allow for a better standard of living than most of Europe. The wages are higher, the taxes are often loert and there's better access to luxury items. However, in pursuit of happiness, I'd prefer less work and more free time to enjoy the fruits of my labour over amassing wealth. Having access to expensive laptops instead of needing to cheap out is nice, but what's the point if you barely have time to enjoy your purchase? There's also the perspective of poor, uneducated people. In a lot of cases I'd much rather be jobless or stuck in uneducated labour in Europe than in the US with the Labour rights situation in a lot of states. The right to work system means you have a lot more power if your boss depends on your skill, but if you don't have any unique skills or can't sell them, the same power can be turned against you to limit your options. The employee-oriented labour protection a large part of Europe enjoys is worth more to me than he ability to get a raise or leave for another employee tomorrow. I wonder what this article would look like if it weren't written by an economist, but rather by someone researching general happiness. I'll take poor and happy over being rich and unhappy any time, and wealth can only add so much to your hapiness. I don't hate material design itself, because there's plenty of guidelines for condensed content. It's just that web designers and app artists don't seem to understand that not everything needs whitespace for miles. A condensed table in material design strikes a nice balance between whitespace and information density in my opinion. It's just sad that nobody uses it. I'm also that person that has their DPI set to "small" on my phone though. I bought a phone with nearly 6 inches of screen diagonal and I could barely see any more information on it then on my old 3.5" phone from almost a decade ago. Cranked it down in the setting to just above the point where apps start displaying tablet UI on my phone and I've been very happy with it. We need to take away design from artists and hand it back to specialised UI designers in my opinion. It'd make phones a lot easier to use. The problem I see with abolishing material design is that a whole range of elderly people have now gotten used to it. Changing all the layouts for apps and websites would quickly lead to a disaster on the scale of Windows 8 for those who can barely grasp technology as it is. I'd much rather keep the waste of whitespace if I couldn't chat with my grandma otherwise. As far as I know, Firefox still allows you to play video in the background from the lock screen. It's probably YouTube that changed (because they want you to pay them for the feature, because people use YouTube for background music). You can keep it from pausing by requesting the desktop site in Firefox. The mobile site pauses, the desktop site just keeps playing. It probably also depends on the power saving settings your phone enforces. From what I've seen from DontKillMyApp[0] the optimalizations vary widely per manufacturer and probably per device and ROM as well. I don't think the websites cares much, at least it didn't for me and I tested it with a music video (something Youtube usually doesn't like you playing in the background without a subscription). Your phone's settings and optimizations are a more likely culprit, in my opinion. [0]: https://dontkillmyapp.com/ They shouldn't have to compensate if they kept better track of luggage. Right now they have no incentive to improve themselves or prevent theft by underpaid, overworked baggage handlers. Every suitcase is labeled with a name and a flight. They know exactly who the baggage belongs to, they just can't be bothered to call people who forgot a suitcase or send people their luggage back. I don't see why we should accept anything other than either return of the baggage or full compensation. I see that they've updated their website since I last looked at it. They still use some abstract art and meaningless pictures of nature to explain their concepts, but at least the description makes sense now. Sadly the system cannot be used easily for any applications storing personal information since your identity is tied to a blockchain and the GDPR requires companies to make information deletable. The reliance on abstract art for trying to make their points come across are still to vague for me to give the project a try, but who knows, maybe in another year or two the project and its concepts will actually be understandable enough for me to give it a shot. Reading the comments, I learned that OpenID is not centralised but rather provides federation support. I wish I'd known about this sooner before it died, because it would've been fun to try and use. I'm sure decentralized authentication won't come on commercial platforms though. Maybe some developer-centric services will add support once the Next Big Thing in authentication and authorization comes along, but companies want to keep as much of their account system under their control as possible. It might be because of data mining, it might be because of bot prevention, it might be because of fear of trusting external providers, but I just don't see any reason why companies would accept such an authentication system. The closest thing I can see happening is a federated authentication platform like the EU is implementing with EIDAS. Authentication with your home government for EU-wide services, tied to your ID card. I don't think something like that will be implemented for much more than government institutions and banking, despite the idea having been proven to work. Simply put, as long as it doesn't make business sense to trust another provider, businesses won't offer any decentralized authentication methods. This website used to contain all the information to generate a magnet URL for every torrent. With a simple combination of Google and a quick browser addon I've used this site as a nice way to find torrents for a while. They've taken down the hashes now, which means the trick doesn't work anymore. Using other people's interests as recommendations was pretty useful though! Although I always appreciate alternatives being given on HN, I don't see how this competes with Passbolt. There's no password sharing between groups of an organization, which is exactly what Passbuilt is built for. Personal password managers are great unless you want to share a list of passwords in a group within an organization. > - Built with PHP. Same guy was uncomfortable with Python, Node, and all that, and insisted that he be able to maintain and troubleshoot the codebase himself if necessary, so it had to be PHP. Now that's an interesting perspective, I don't think I've heard anyone consider PHP to be more secure than Python before. Of course; the best comparison you can make in security here is the amount of raw memory access. People condemn languages for two security reasons: the average level of competence in products usually written in a language, and the amount of footguns a language provides. PHP is very easy to learn, which is why a lot (really, a _lot_) of open source software is of very questionable quality. For many, it's the first programming language someone learns, which means the quality is often far from what a developer is capable of with a little more experience. PHP also has a lot of weird functions and behaviourisms, all perfectly well documented (but nobody really reads up on the details of `isset`, it seems). APIs seem inconsistent and mysql_escape_string and its cousin mysql_real_escape_string tell a story of a problematic history. There's also the typing issue that plagues all loosely typed languages. I personally consider Go to be more secure of a language than PHP or Python because the behaviour is a lot easier to understand. Of course properly written, typed, well-tested PHP can be a lot better than many Go products, but the expectations for the different language are just different because of the different levels of experience programmers are when they start with each language. Every language has its troubled history, but PHP is especially famous for security vulnerabilities by either beginners or intuitive API design. It might have something to do with the fact that PHP is still taught in a lot of web dev classes (though NodeJS has taken its crown) and that Go is relatively unknown for beginning programmers. Python generally just runs on your own machine because it's not as optimized for being a web language like PHP has been. Privacy Shield is dead, long live privacy shield. I wonder how many attempts it will take for this deal to be considered legal before the US actually has to do something to hold up their end of the deal. The US government would scream in rage if Germany would ever demand the ability to order Microsoft or Google to hand over information about US citizens in complete secret, yet the EU wil gladly take the word of the US government that it won't happen. The EU also has plenty of incentive to encourage keeping data within the boundaries of its member states. Making it difficult to use American tech giants as a lazy quick fix for data storage instead of looking at local alternatives only helps limit the amount of money taken from the European economy. With the scandals and state of the current US government I find it hard to believe the EU will be able to draft a new agreement like this with the US without compromising on the rights of their citizens. Hear, hear. When Edge for Linux launches, developers for modern Windows customers (no IE) can finally do away with the Windows VMs to test their applications. I'm glad I don't need to support Safari because there's no way in hell that that's ever going to come to Linux (or Windows again). My point was that there will probably soon be a new, similarly lacking Privacy Shield with a similarly silly name (Secure Data Exchange Act? Privacy Protection Plus? Data Protector Agreement?). We don't know the name of the new law yet, but Privacy Shield was quickly implemented because the agreement before it was deemed insufficient, and the same will likely happen again. There's a reason for that, macOS loads a specific fan curve that prefers silence over performance, only kicking in a the last moment before the CPU overheats. This focus on silence also costs them in performance, but as long as the laptop is fast enough for most people, the raw performance probably doesn't matter to them. Windows doesn't about the thermal limits Apple put into place in their devices, so just treats it like a regular old laptop: boosting with fans turning whenever it needs to. However, it needs drivers to read the temperatures from the device and as far as I know, the Windows driver for reading those on Apple hardware aren't great (if they're available at all). This means Windows on a Mackintosh will always perform worse, because it doesn't have the same thermal information input as macOS has. He didn't get banned for saying the earth was not flat, he was banned for calling people morons and idiots. I'm as much opposed to flat earthers as any person here, but calling people with questionable beliefs idiots and morons only serves to make you feel better about yourself. You can explain the ridiculousness of flat earth conspiracy without resorting to insults and you won't get banned as easily. Nobody will listen to you if you call people morons, no matter how dumb they act. If you want to convince people not to believe these conspiracy theories, you need to come across as intelligent. You can call their theories moronic and idiotic (with some proper scientific backup), but when you call people that, you only reduce your credibility. As sibling comments indicate, the overhead of C# isn't what it used to be and certainly isn't comparable to other languages like Python/Ruby/PHP. Of course, there's always performance left on the table when you write in a language like C# or Java (and even a little performance matters a lot when it comes to emulation), but the memory safety that C# can provide over C++ can save the developers a lot of debugging. I think such an application can perform perfectly well in a hardware generation or two and until that point compatibility matters more than speed anyway; that's where ease of development will shine. Running an unplayable game well is not a very interesting project for end users. When the project reaches significant compatibility, other emulators can take ideas from its code and port them to C/C++/Rust/assembly if they desire to do so. In my opinion, only if there's a popup before the recording begins and there's an option of opting out. I don't find "You're being recorded by the way" to be a very welcoming indicator when I reach a website. If you ask, you may get consent, but if you just start recording you'll probably just end up in adblockers or people will leave your website. As far as I know, where I'm from the warning about cameras in stores needs to be visible before you actually enter the field of vision. I'm sure stores don't care much about privacy, but the law and, in my opinion, ethics still say you should be given fair warning before you are recorded. If the hackers don't delete the data and use it for something else, nobody will ever pay them again. Most cryptolockers and other random criminals do exactly what they promise because if they don't, their business model will collapse. All of the stolen info isn't worth nearly as much as what universities are willing to pay out if you keep your promises. It's wicked, but these criminals do have a business incentive to be nice. Their next target will probably pay again if they act smart. It might, unless the attackers see it as a challenge. Many types of cybersecurity insurance won't pay out if you don't or will be more expensive than paying out, so it also might be an expensive bet to take. The problem is that smart criminals don't directly attack a single corporation or university, they'll attack a SAAS/IAAS/PAAS provider many of their potential targets use and see what they can get out of the data. In this instance even one university paying out would probably be enough to offset the risk and cost of the criminal operation. In many cases, paying out is also the economical choice to take, especially in ransomware attacks. Even if backups were made, tested and recent, paying a million here and there might still be worth it if not doing so would cost weeks or even months of work and employees and students lacking IT services. With modern education being run like a business, I'm not sure if it'd even make sense to bet on such a statement to be worth it. You may shoot yourself in the foot when you eventually do get hit and you need to either spend lots of time and money or break the promise you made on your website (betraying your employees and students in the process by showing that you cannot hold up the values you claim to have). Your API, in this case, is basically your Flask application so you're pretty much done. If you want to run a database securely, you configure a decent password (should be asked during installation), create new users for each application/database (easy with tools like MySQL workbench) and make all applications running on the server (Flask, in this instance) connect to localhost/127.0.0.1. Don't expose services like databases to the outside world if you cannot in any way help it. Then enable a firewall on your server (Ubuntu server comes with UFW by default) and lastly use a port scanning tool like nmap/zenmap to check if you have left any services other than HTTP(S) exposed. I don't know much myself about Flask deployments specifically, but you'll probably use something like nginx or Apache to handle the actual web requests. There's an article here [0] on how to do that. After you've done that, you can secure your connections for free through Let's Encrypt clients like certbot [1] which handle most of the configuration for you. TL;DR: 1. Configure your application to connect to localhost with a secure password 2. Enable a firewall, run "nmap " to check if it works (should only expose HTTP(S) and probably SSH if you did it right). 3. Install nginx or Apache to handle requests for you and follow the guide at [1] [0] https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-depl... [1] https://certbot.eff.org/instructions Google Pay has never even been available in certain parts of Europe and isn't available in Africa, the Middle East, most of Asia and in most countries in South America. The exclusion of Asia and certain European countries surprises me somewhat, but that may be because there's not a large market for it (because local initiatives have already taken the market). Another comment suggested that he got this information from the "about my mac" popup, which only shows the dedicated GPU when connected to an external display or when using an application that uses the dedicated GPU. If he ran his benchmarks and then checked his hardware while writing this article then the author might've gotten confused by that. This strongly depends on the issue though. In most dual booting cases I've had to deal with recently, a single efibootmgr command was enough. Windows and some Linux distros like to replace the fallback EFI command and the two can conflict every now and then. By properly configuring the UEFI to pick the right OS at boot (sudo efibootmgr -o 0001,0000 or something like that) should be enough. If you're still using MBR or you have a shitty motherboard with bad UEFI support you're right that you're still forced to do a full Grub reinstall. I've had to do recovery on a non-booting Windows machine that broke after a recent update and it was just impossible to recover. Some file on the FS was corrupted, but SFC couldn't recover it and wouldn't report what file was corrupted. Rebooting into recovery takes forever, boot recovery constantly fails and the only saving grace is the "reinstall Windows" that uses a complete reinstall as a fix for a broken OS. Yes, fixing Linux is difficult, but at least it's doable. On Windows you're basically stuck with the two or three auto-recovery options or an OS + software reinstall. I can't speak for macOS but I can't imagine it being much easier (especially because the limited variety of macOS hardware makes it more unlikely for the OS to fail catastrophically because that's easier to test for). It shouldn't be too hard to create a Linux boot ISO that lists installed operating systems and then automounts them for recovery. It's only a matter of parsing GRUB config files + fstab + crypttab and some predefined mount patterns for distros after all. Does this include programs and settings? Windows lets you reinstall with data as well, but installing every single program and getting it set up all over again takes forever, that's my main problem with the Windows recovery process. The install over the internet is a nice touch, though I don't expect that feature to ever make it into normal computers because it would probably force manufacturers to put a minimal Windows installer in their UEFI. That's a very neat tool! I'm kind of turned away by this though: > Warning: Your kernel and initramfs must reside on a file system that rEFInd can read. Can it boot fully-encrypted disks (by chainloading GRUB, for example)? I hope the EU and other big destinations take action against this to prevent spreading the virus even further now that a large part of Europe is about to get hit with a second wave. The USA can hardly control the spread of the virus inside their own borders, let alone convince people to quarantine. I wouldn't feel very comfortable letting in any tourists from the USA, Brazil or any other country with bad anti-corona measures without an enforced mandatory 14-day quarantine after arrival. Although the first three mentioned tools are quite generic tools that, in my opinion, any programmer should learn to make their lives easier, the list does provide a useful list for people wanting to teach themselves cyber security skills. If you're experienced in the field then you obviously have already used most of these at some point, or at least heard about them. If you think the choices are obvious, you're not the target audience of this article. What I think this list is missing is some more Windows-specific tools. Even if you don't like Windows, someone in your company will use it at some point. With some creative use of process monitor and log analysis you can easily spot infections across a wide network of Windows PC's that even antivirus might miss. Twitter's SwiftOnSecurity has made quite an extensive configuration you can take from Github to help defend your network with. I'd also add tools like OWASP ZAP to the list for testing the security of web applications automatically. Very noisy, easy to detect but in a test setup very easy to find low-hanging fruit with. I really need to give Snort and Nessus another spin, my last two tries weren't very successful but they were also quite early into my studies of the field. Does anybody know if these tools still the go-to tools for IDS and compliancy scanning, or have they been replaced since I first took a look at them? It's a tool for generating list views for Kotlin Android applications. What's the danger of letting these people into planes? Flying into buildings is passé, measures have been taken to prevent that now. If it's about crashing a plane and hurting its inhabitants, a busy train or even a busy airport terminal would probably be way more effective. So far the TSA haven't really prevented any terrorist attacks yet. Don't fall for their security theater, they're just there to take your water and feel important. The 9/11 scare made everyone wary of airplanes but airport security so far has failed to catch mock explosives and weapons[1]. When they were tested again, they failed again[2]. They picked up their game when nothing less than a TV crew tried to repeat the experiment[3], but a whistleblower warned that flight security as of now is "hopelessly inadequate"[4] to prevent a second 9/11. So, as far as security goes, they're not that good. For this mediocre protection, travelers pay in theft[5], sexual assault[6][7] and racism[8]. I think the goal of the TSA is noble and just, but as it functions right now, the system is broken. There is the potential for the TSA to protect the US from terrorists, but the truth is that terrorism targeting the West isn't that common in airplanes anymore. If the TSA cannot or will not be fixed, I'd say yes, the world is better off without the TSA. The price to pay for protection is too steep. [1]: https://abcnews.go.com/US/exclusive-undercover-dhs-tests-fin... [2]: https://abcnews.go.com/US/tsa-fails-tests-latest-undercover-... [3]: https://fortune.com/2018/01/19/fake-bomb-newark-airport/ [4]: https://www.ocregister.com/2019/12/13/flight-security-hopele... [5]: https://www.flyertalk.com/articles/the-tsa-stole-over-2-bill... [6]: https://filtermag.org/tsa-sexual-assault/ [7]: https://www.denverpost.com/2020/02/24/tsa-agent-adams-county... [8]: https://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/tsa-employees-vent-... Some ISPs do provide dialup. For example: https://twitter.com/xs4all/status/274631880429670400 It does take an "activist" ISP to set up a general access dial-up line though. There's not that many around. -- For those reading this still in need of dialup access but blocked from visiting Twitter, the details from the tweet are: Phone number: +31205350535 User: xs4all Password: xs4all That sucks. I much preferred the drivers Windows automatically finds over navigating shitty vendor websites that break their links every other year and sometimes just take down all drivers for some of their product. It also takes away some of the power Microsoft had over hardware manufacturers regarding driver quality; the WHQL program has only improved driver quality in my experience. Of course companies like NVIDIA encourage you to use their website version that doesn't need to pass all the quality checks because it's faster, preferably by making you sign up and letting them track what you do on your computer with some of their spyware, but that doesn't take away from the fact that Microsoft-sanctioned drivers are usually much more reliable and secure than random downloads a vendor decides to throw on their website. It also makes a lot of older hardware useless. Microsoft's database contains many more drivers for less common, cheaper brands than vendors' websites, especially when the devices in question is older than three years and they'd much rather have you buy a new laptop than give you a driver for the motherboard. I too have been bitten by the random software popup when plugging in a "gaming" mouse from Logitech, but I think it's wrong to blame Microsoft for the shitty software their vendors throw online. Microsoft judges drivers on stability and code quality rather than weird features like side programs, so if Logitech asserts that their customers want to use the program to use all the drivers' features, then who are they to object? The problem with that is that the Device Manager feature is simple and understandable. When I install or reconfigure a driver and want to pull a driver from Windows Update, I can specifically start the update client for that device and see when it's done. With Windows Update I just have to believe that it'll look for drivers at some point. There's no direct feedback anymore. I've had this feature fix many problems for family members with broken (and usually cheap) laptops. Uninstall the existing driver, pull the official one down from Microsoft. It also helped me update some drivers that hadn't come in via Windows Update yet for some weird USB device, probably because it wasn't plugged in when the update process ran. The best I can come up with is the stereotype that women are better at multitasking? Something sexist like that probably wouldn't work out well for Microsoft so I doubt there's much behind it. I'm not sure though, the commercial is a sort of story about a group of women planning to go on a trip. That's entirely reasonable, I don't see what gender has to do with the product. It's not like they sell a pink and a blue one for girls and boys or anything. The methodology behind the bow-tie method is great, but as with most sites explaining it, the graphs and examples are hard or impossible to read. The text in the graphs is small, the colours clash and the text boxes are too large to fit inside the graphics. This page even contains pictures of tables made in MS Word (as can be seen by the squiggly lines) so you can't select text or use a text-to-speech engine. It's hard to trust a website to say correct or interesting things when it's put together so shoddily. This is a common problem with most "manager" related content I've come across on the Internet. Someone capable of writing and selling books should probably take the time to invest in making a better website. To be completely honest, if Canonical ever wants the theoretical "year of the Linux desktop" to happen, they need a way to get proper cloud accounts working. A big part of the value of Apple's ecosystem is iCloud. Microsoft has done the same thing with the syncing and cross platform capabilities of their Microsoft Accounts. Most Linux users today don't care much if they need to create separate email, cloud storage, backup storage, password recovery and application store accounts. That's because many Linux users have a preference for one service or even self host. Normal people aren't like that. A desktop without a cloud account is like an Android phone without Google apps or a theoretical Apple phone without Apple apps. Technically fully functional and customisable via sideloading, but ultimately pointless because nobody wants to go through that. Just ask any regular Jane or Joe on the street if they can set up IMAP email on their phone; I bet they just use Gmail or Outlook. It's not the Linux power users Canonical wants to attract; it's regular users. Their requirements are different from yours or mine. The Ubuntu Core website specifically says it's built for business. It's focus is on configurability and enterprise deployment, making it closer to a managed Windows 10 enterprise network than something you run on your laptop at home. Lockdowns and gatekeeping are practically what the service is intended to do. Kind of scummy for Apple not to hold themselves to their standards, but then again I expect no less from them. The exemptions in the Play Store rules say they can, so there's not much anyone can do to stop this. However, Apple may very well shoot themselves in the foot here. They just showed that they do not believe their own marketing speak about it being fair to pay an additional fee to keep app stores running and other such arguments. Deep integration with Assistant is one of the main selling points of Pixel devices. New assistant features come to Pixel first, sometimes only work with Pixel, and the device has been built to have as much integration with Google's services as possible. There's plenty of bloatware on phones these days, especially with the rate Google kills apps, but I can't honestly consider the Assistant integration with a Pixel phone to be one. Very strange take in my opinion. I haven't used C# in a while but I guess the compiler doesn't warn when you discard a return value? I suppose that's kind of annoying when debugging. I don't know about many languages that do this by default though. I also don't understand how you can have a "return true" for a function that's supposed to return a formatted value. I don't know what a C# notebook is, but the difference between a statement and an expression is made in any imperative programming language I know. However, the example is very strange; why would putting a semicolon at the end of the line make any difference? Why should it even compile without it? As for the ICompare interface, I think the author has a point. The example class they give is unnecessarily complex, but they're right that the lack of concise inline class definitions can sometimes be annoying. However, I'm pretty sure you can use lamba functions to do the exact same thing the author is showing in F#, down to storing the comparator as a Func<> variable. The lack of HTML generation is also a weird one. C# is not a template language and is not intended to be one. You can use ASP to generate HTML pages fine, but I don't understand the value of a DSL to generate HTML in pure C#. Is the loj 't that the syntax can't be radically reformed? Because I consider that to be a good thing. The point I take away from this rant is that the author is trying to use an imperative language with some functional language features as a fully functional language. These aren't shortcomings of C#, this is the result of using the wrong tool (or using the tool wrong) for the job. Given that the attack requires capturing over 780GiB of data encrypted with the same key, I don't think that's a direct problem with this setup. Does anyone have a proper replacement for a "smart" TV interface that runs on plain Linux instead of some random Chinese Android box? My TV is relatively old and the Netflix app just can't keep up anymore. I was considering running some Android TV box but if those show ads now I'm not interested anymore. Right now my TV is hooked up to my server running Kodi, but I'd like something that plays YouTube at full resolution (as opposed to Kofi's 720p limit because of some obscure dependency issue) and is also capable of running Netflix. I'll probably have to cave eventually and get myself a Chromecast but if there's an option that doesn't rely on Google, I'd like to hear about it. Currently my TV is hooked up to a computer but it's hard to use the interface as a TV. I want to use the TV as a TV, not just as a remote desktop. I've tried using KDE connect with mouse pad + keyboard remote control but the experience isn't great. When an application turns out to be malicious, Apple can remotely disable it by invalidating the developer certificate globally. This is how some mac viruses were stopped; the developer license was retracted, making the executables hard to open in the background, slowing the spread or even killing the virus during its infection track. It also maintains Apple as the administrator of your computer. You may have paid Apple for your laptop, but it is Apple who decides what you can and cannot execute. Options to work around the blocks Apple throws up are reduced and made harder with every new release. I predict that eventually all binaries will need to have Apple's blessing or be signed with a corporate certificate, just like on iOS. It's still years away, but the direction Apple is taking this is obvious. Yes, this happens and it does cause slowdowns[1]. It can take several seconds to check an application if you're on a very slow internet connection. The same happens on Windows through SmartScreen, but you can easily turn that off[2] at least. As far as I know, you can't disable this on macOS. [1]: https://sigpipe.macromates.com/2020/macos-catalina-slow-by-d... [2]: https://www.tenforums.com/tutorials/5593-turn-off-smartscree... As an avid Firefox user, the performance difference between the Javascript engines in Chrome and Firefox are always obvious to me. Firefox's network code, render pipeline, and everything else that gets the document to the screen is either just as fast or even faster than Chrome. However, the Javascript engine leaves something to be desired; the trend to make everything an application has ruined the performance of many sites. There's also downsides to the way Firefox protects your privacy. If you enable the default privacy blocking, some resources fail to load on websites, making many websites load fallbacks or lag while they're waiting for their ad script to initialize. Finally, I've noticed Firefox has significant performance issues in video decoding compared to Chrome. This manifests itself as memory leaks and some tabs being frozen (every tab within the same browser subprocess, basically) and can be resolved by killing the process that's been messed up, but it's still an issue for normal use. All in all I prefer Firefox, but there's still plenty of ways it can catch up to Chrome. If your work involves a lot of web applications, there's no denying that your experience in Chrome will be quicker. All websites that heavily rely on Javascript just work better on Chrome for me. Google products, OSM, streaming sites, chat applications, they just all work quicker and smoother on Chrome. Even my own code seems to run into more performance caps on Firefox depending on the behaviour it exhibits. On plain websites, there's no real difference. When it comes to (messy) JS, problems pop up more in Firefox than in Chrome. I don't blame the Spidermonkey devs for this, of course, because people just need to write better (less) JS. However, in practice, you do see the difference when you try out Firefox. > I'm pretty bitter about "everything is an application" trend though. Coming from the original web, limited by 56K days creates a lot of "old man yells to cloud" moments, performance wise. However, as a Linux user, I suspect not all of the performance penalty comes from the JS pipeline. Accelerated rendering of webpage is severely lacking in Linux (especially with nVidia proprietary drivers). I totally a agree. > It may be but I didn't notice anything to be honest. I'll look out for this. The worst offender are some AMP sites; they try to use the Google CDN for whatever resource (probably fonts or CSS) and when that fails, wait for the fallback. > Everything is gracefully HW accelerated OTOH, picture in picture implementation of Firefox is so much behind that I can see the frame rate drops below 15FPS most of the time, so it's unusable. Interesting. I don't have much trouble with PiP and such, only the memory issues. I suppose it might just be a difference between hardware, drivers and OS/system config. DNSSEC is coming though. Cloudflare supports it and half the internet runs on Cloudflare. Amazon and Azure are still lagging behind, but those aren't going to ignore DNSSEC forever. DoH solves nothing in this context unless we centralise DNS resolution to Google or Cloudflare. The Windows method submits the DNS requests to the same server as your regular DNS server by default, so the protocol doesn't give you any advantage there. Chrome does the same thing; if it detects that your name server does DoH, it'll switch to that, but it won't switch DNS servers. Perhaps this does solve the problem for the few people with custom DNS servers getting their queries intercepted, but the vast majority of people (everyone not using Firefox inside the US) won't notice any difference. DNSSEC will solve this problem by making the certification chain break for domains that haven't been signed by their TLD, but only if we start enforcing it (like we are enforcing HTTPS for certain features already). DNS over HTTPS will just encrypt the bad NXDOMAIN DNS query when it comes from the same malicious server, only protecting against traffic interception when using different DNS servers; the two protocols serve different purposes. As far as complaints about the UI go, I agree with you. It's fine, and you can keep the URL bar at the top if you want to, that's why it asks you for your preference after you update. The lack of addon support is annoying though. One addon I often use (Hide Fixed Elements, to get those annoying popovers to disappear) isn't supported and I still notice it missing every day. It seems to me that a browser built for customisability just isn't finished without the complete addon pack. They could've kept Fenix in beta but decided to launch with missing features regardless. Wnat I'm also missing is about:config support. It exists but has been disabled in stable branches on purpose "in case people break their browser". This mindset is exactly why I'm starting to lose interest in Mozilla. The UI looks great and the performance improvements are very welcome, but to say the bad news is all "just a vocal group" goes too far for me. Firefox users, especially on mobile, are mostly just "the vocal group". Everyone else is on Chrome already. In the nightly there's a setting called "Use New Search Behaviour" (in the secret settings menu, tab the Firefox logo five times in the about screen to enable it) that solves a lot of UI annoyances for me. It seems they're not done tweaking the search behaviour yet. Autocomplete works for me in the nightly (at least for DDG) so if it doesn't right now, it'll be fixed eventually. True, currently only nightly has settings there but Beta had some as well in a previous version I think. It's not essentially broken though, because you can toggle the settings I know of perfectly fine without breaking anything. Yes, theoretically you can break the connection between Firefox and GeckoView but that's got nothing to do with enabling eSNI or setting the behaviour of user installed certificates. Aside from the horrible moves by the dictatorship, the wording in this article does pose a point about the centralisation of the internet. Based on the title, I was expecting to read about internet shutdowns and peer to peer networks. Instead, it's just a story about DPI and VPNs. Nothing here is being "hot-wired". Blocking social media isn't "shutting down the internet" in any technical sense. Turning off cell networks because of protests is, but those actions aren't being circumvented here. Yet still the term "internet shutdown" is being circulated a lot. I do wonder if the general population would claim the internet is turned off just because Google, Facebook and Twitter aren't available. By these definitions, does China have internet access? It's interesting to me to see how years of internet access and growing up around smart devices has taught people so little about the actual workings of the internet. > I personally believe that pervasive high speed internet even in remote locations will do more for humanity than the scientific cost of these satellites. Perhaps in the US, but other countries, even poor ones, manage to do rural internet fine without cluttering the night sky. I, for one, am not stoked about the implications of an American ISP forcing worldwide coverage for themselves. Their shady business practices and the questionable reliability of the US government make it very hard for me to see many upsides. Were this to be released only in remote areas and third-world countries, I would agree that there is a large net benefit to Starlink. However, because of the way the system is designed, every country on the planet will now be forced to deal with a solution for the anti-competitive behaviour of the American ISP market. As long as Starlink is managed by a an American company, I have little faith in their intends and purposes. Being able to intercept or duplicate random internet communications worldwide seems like an NSA wet dream come true to me. The same countries also have nationalized internet service providers, often run by friends or family of the government. I doubt it'd be legal to sell StarLink receivers in large parts of the continent. There's nothing in the landscape that prevents Africa from running fiber to every house like Eastern Europe has been proven to be capable of. In fact, a lot of infrastructure is already there. Geopolitical instability, poverty and instability of the power grid makes it very unattractive to build data centers in the continent and that's what's forcing ISPs to use expensive cables to access most websites, driving up the cost and reducing the speed. This problem can be partially mitigated by using StarLink instead of oceanic cables, but I don't imagine their system will be able to replace the fiber optics that carry most large volumes of data between governments. StarLink is fast, but still depends on ground stations for decent speed internet access. Collecting internet traffic for one entire continent on another isn't feasible in the plans I've seen. StarLink will reduce latency and improve coverage for customers already using satellite internet connections. African people can already use those if they have the means to afford it, yet many African cities have dial-up or slower internet access because of the lack of resources. That explains why I couldn't get this demo to work for me. Sad. Guess I won't be recommending WebFlow to anyone. I used this a few years back. My only grips with it are the usual NodeJS application gripes (too many dependencies etc.), the UI is clean, the interface is responsive and configuration is easy. I'd personally switch to a Matrix bridge + Riot if I were to need to access IRC these days, but for anyone seeking a nice self-hosted method of accessing IRC from the browser without intermediate software, I can strongly recommend this. What I'm missing here is statistics on how many people actually followed the advice their botnet printers just spewed out. A simple check a week later to see how many printer owners managed to secure their devices would be nice. Hacking printers just to promote your blog is kinda scummy. If you do it to help people secure their networks, then at least show how much you've managed to help by publishing the numbers. Anyone can use Shodan and submit a PDF with a script. The NodeJS backend keeps connected and syncs up the messages to the frontend when you reconnect. The actual IRC happens on your server, the frontend has a separate API for fetching messages (it doesn't do IRC directly). One example that complicates things is the Floatplane [1] application, where each channel costs a certain fee per month. The app doesn't do anything other than play videos from the subscribed videos. Because they wouldn't increase their price 30% to reflect the additional Apple fees, every single feature that even mentions the presence of a website that you can pay for a subscription at (including help pages!) have so far had to be removed [2]. The "core app experience" of Floatplane is "you get to watch videos in high quality" and "you get to chat during live streams". Their app is an amalgamation of Patreon and the Youtube video player, both of which are on the App Store already. I don't know why buying video access would be so different from making ads show up. Both are purely digital services. There's probably some vague notion of "consumption" that determines if the fee is mandatory or not, but the rules are as vague as they are arbitrary when you get down to that level. It's clear that the actual rule is "we can make a deal if you're big enough". Apps like Uber have gotten warnings for pulling stunts that smaller developers would get their dev account banned for. Adding 30% on top of Facebook would kill the feature on iOS and subsequently kill iPhone presence among marketeers. [1]: https://www.floatplane.com/ [2]: https://youtu.be/Rs4hTm6B9QQ?t=368 I don't think so? I believe Netflix removed the option to sign up from iOS, so I don't think there's an exemption from the fees there. The guy on the left (Linus Sebastian) is the CEO of both Floatplane (the app) and Linus Media Group (known on the internet from their Linus Tech Tips tech enthusiast videos). The guy on the right is the Floatplane team lead. Linus Media Group made an alternative to Youtube to not put all of their eggs in one basket, that's what eventually became Floatplane. There's more creators on there, basically all in the tech Youtube space, but they do extensively use their own streaming platform of course. That doesn't clarify anything. What's a "premium" streaming app? Why doesn't (or didn't) Spotify, who publicly opposes the 30% cut, qualify? No official source qualifies and the article you linked just guesses based on screenshots. It also tells you that Apple does take the 30% cut if you trick the user into not realizing there's an Apple tax. The video I linked (I know, it's long) discusses limitations as decreed by Apple itself. There's another video on that channel with even more in-depth information from Apple. There's no offer to make a deal and become a "premium service". I'm sure these guys would love to get their app available on more platforms, providing more value than they already can with just smartphone apps. India has banned most satellite telephones [1] (Inmarsat is still allowed apparently) and still catches people using them. There's a more complete list at [2]. Musk has already admitted that providing satellite services to countries like China can become a problem [3]. Countries that don't want StarLink and don't have the capabilities to take out LEO satellites might start to team up with China, Russia and other countries that do to protect their sovereignty. Of course there's no way to prevent hardware that someone managed to sneak in from connecting to the satellites. Those devices will all need to come from the black market though, severely limiting the reach and future business StarLink might have in such a country. [1]: http://www.gard.no/web/updates/content/26690148/ban-on-use-o... [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satellite_phone#Countries_with... [3]: https://www.businessinsider.com/spacex-internet-satellite-co... > Can't debug issues in Safari without borrowing a Mac > Can't do iOS development Not legally , no. These can be worked around with a VM, just like with the Windows issue. It sucks, but Apple is never going to support their development toolchain on any other platform. All in all, I think this is a pretty positive review for an "I switched to Linux" blog post. Usually they're more negative about the lack of finish a lot of Linux tools use, but the author of this blog seems to be more tolerant towards the small things in order to gain the big things. I do always wonder what the basis of such machine learning rendering is. There's various traits that we, in modern times, associate with good-looking, successful people, and those traits often come back in face databases because those are commonly based on celebrities. I can imagine that celebrities in Roman times would look quite different and therefore would produce completely different renders for the same pictures and statues. Based on the useless scrollbar next to the presentation and next to the demo iframe on the website, I'm guessing this was developed and tested on macOS where scrollbars are invisible. Web designers, please enable scrollbars! Not a great look for someone trying to sell a type of webhosting in my opinion. I'm not sure about the demo case to be honest. If you're trying to sell a villa that's worth a 1.5m euros, you should probably spend some money and invest in something more professional than the Wix of home sales. Most laptops with any Nvidia hardware have two GPUs, one less power-hungry GPU integrated into the CPU and one dedicated GPU to play games on when you're connected to/sitting nearby a power outlet. As good as the performance of mobile GPUs is these days, they still suck up a lot of power. I don't think you'll get much work done on the go with a laptop that only has a dedicated AMD/Nvidia GPU. A lot of these don't work in any browser other than Chrome. Demos that work in Firefox: - Fullscreen - Image capture - Resize observer - Broadcast Channel Demos that don't: - Clipboard API (not supported) - Battery API (not supported) - Performance information (says it's supported, but shows an empty page) - Vibration API (supported by the browser, but doesn't actually vibrate because malvertisers abuse the API in their antivirus scams) - Bluetooth API (not supported) The fullscreen, image capture and broadcast channel APIs are nice I suppose, but the rest should probably be considered "Chrome APIs" rather than "web APIs". Edit: even in Chrome on Android, the battery API is reporting fake information and the vibration demo doesn't work. That's the problem with experimental web APIs, you can't rely on them at all. What pattern is this? I use the PWA with Firefox and I haven't encountered any dark patterns involving refreshing myself. > But as you can see DNS, the protocol, can be used for more than simply "official" ICANN-approved domain names. The fact that it can be used to transfer HTML or Speex files doesn't mean it should be used to do so. DNS is developed to serve one purpose, and that's to resolve domain names and domain information. Arbitrary data transfers over DNS were never its intended purpose so of course the designers to DNS extensions don't take DNS tunneling into account. For example, the iCal protocol allows for arbitrary amounts of information through a comment on each calendar item. However, if I start sending calendar events between devices to stream video, I don't expect the next iteration of the standard to support my use case. The presence of a general purpose information field does not necessarily mean that this field should be expected to serve any purpose unrelated to the problem the protocol was designed to solve. There's little preventing you from using your own DNS client with different DNSSEC keys for validation of your own records if you're using an alternate domain name registration system. ICANN has always been the de facto standard for TLDs and therefore domain names so putting the general DNSSEC keys with them makes sense. What's strange or new about this? A new program was installed to deal with PDFs so Windows asks if you want to use a different program for opening PDFs. I can do without the special treatment for Edge though, there's nothing that makes it special other than that you don't need to install Chrome on new Windows machines anymore. From a technical standpoint, Edgium and Edge are significantly different. The migration to Edgium was actually surprisingly smooth, I've gotten Chrome updates that broke more spectacularly and that's the exact same browser. As another comment here already suggested, there's a good chance this has nothing to do with Microsoft because Firefox registered itself as a PDF handler in the last major update. I've never used libvirt in combination with OpenVZ or LXC, but when I read that I interpret it as "a domain is a VM or a container" with some kind of VM running on the system to facilitate containers. The article is seven years old, so I can imagine that this was how the project once ran containers, but it doesn't anymore. Reading the documentation[1] I don't the VM is relevant anymore for containers, at least. The docs say libvirt manages LXC container directly through the kernel API, so there's no VM to speak of there. The OpenVZ docs[2] also mention that the containers run on the host, not in a VM. [1]: https://libvirt.org/drvlxc.html [2]: https://libvirt.org/drvopenvz.html I do believe there's a "drop C and pick Rust" crowd, or multiple even. When it comes to building user mode applications like desktop programs with QT or GTK or what have you or command line programs such as curl and wget, I think these crowds have a valid point. Most of those applications are written in an object oriented language though. There's also a very small group that's very militant about everything, including kernels and microcontroller programs, being rewritten into Rust. I don't pay too much attention to that crowd; C has its place and it's not the ultimate solution to programming languages. Rust won't replace C in the kernel, but I do think we will see tooling for our network clients, file indexing and perhaps even version control slowly switching languages (if they still rely on C, that is). These will all be new tools though, because rewriting an old application into Rust and maintaining compatibility and performance is a big challenge. I'm not saying it's impossible to create a Kernel in Rust, but I don't think Linux or any of the BSDs will switch to anything other than C for their primary kernel development language. The only option for kernels that are mostly Rust I can see is a ground-up kernel, but those rarely succeed if ever. There's been small kernels in C# for a while now, for example, but those are usually no more than a fun experiment. Fuchsia is the closest thing to a completely new kernel that I can think of and despite its age and the amount of people working on it, it's not used outside of lab environments. Perhaps in ten or twenty years a new kernel will replace Linux, and that might very well be written in Rust. I agree the ecosystem isn't there yet, but given some time that will correct itself. Perhaps Rust will not be able to interface with Win32 because of its reliance on pointers, but there's the possibility of leveraging alternative programming interfaces such as the abstractions in the .NET runtime. I believe that if Python and Java can have cross-platform GUI libraries, so can Rust. I don't know what the result would look like but the tooling has already massively improved since I first looked into the language. I'm too annoyed at GTK for their obsession with client-side decorations messing up the native look on Windows and other platforms to use it for my own projects, but the Qt integration didn't look all that bad in my opinion. Rust-qt is clunky because the Qt API requires unsafe code, but with some work the unsafe parts can be abstracted away from the main program logic. It's suboptimal but it does allow you to do data and network traffic parsing and handling in a safe manner, which would already be a huge win for application security in my opinion. I agree. These small (but very vocal) groups don't represent the average Rust developer at all, even if Rust developers are often more evangelical than proponents of other programming languages. You need to look past the noisy zealots to see the real goals of the Rust team and its ecosystem. Interesting. In my experience, a lot of Win32 messaging required converting pointers to structs and reading values from that. I don't see how that works with Rust? I suppose you can add a load of unsafe code but that would make the whole thing a lot more complex as you now need to deal with pointer ownership and (de)allocation. Resolve.conf is a blessing and a curse. On the one hand, you've got a file that nearly every flavour of Linux will use for DNS resolution with a standardised format. On the other hand, you've got four hundred network managing programs that all need to be told separately that you don't want to use them to manage the file for you because you want to set it up yourself. Makes me wonder if the file options should be extended contain a config option to indicate what program manages the file so that others know to keep their hands off. Right now there's comments in there, but those comments are often hardly machine readable. Is there anything in the web bundle standard that forces outdated pages to be refreshed? The spec seems to say little more than "detecting stolen keys is not our problem". I can imagine this being a problem when news stories turn out to be false alarm and Google happily keeps serving the original content instead of the corrected content. There's also a risk of vulnerability here, as getting a signed package might very well be used to host phishing pages on web caches. While I can see why you'd suspect the term might be used as a dogwhistle, I can see why honogenity might be an advantage here. It's a country with very few different people and viewpoints because there's not that many people to form groups. While I certainly would never see a lack of diversity as a general goal for a country, fewer viewpoints to consider significantly reduce the amount of time it takes to get stuff done in governments. The fewer ideals you need to consider, the shorter the debates can be. A country built up out of immigrants like the USA bring a plethora of viewpoints and cultures, all living inside one general government. This is a valuable source of cultural development and progress but the more groups you have within your borders, the more chances of friction you get and the longer politics should take; there are just more factors to take into account, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. > However, the 1.6Mbps 3G connection emulated by HTTP Archive is very slow, so we should expect significant performance improvements as bandwidth improves. The average website downloads 1.7MB of data in 2020, which will take at least 9s to download on the HTTP Archive connection. I have family in an African country where the only reasonably priced home internet connection is about 56kbps over DSL (yes, dialup speeds over DSL, very confusing). Web pages have gone from very slow to unusable very quick. I believe and appreciate that the users most people target have faster devices now, especially in the core hubs of Web development like Silicon Valley. However, this trend of "we can fit more data in because devices are faster" is horrible for anyone already behind in available technology or even on a limited data plan. My father uses my old smartphone, a Oneplus One with the latest release of LineageOS. This device runs a Qualcom 801, a chip that was considered to have flagship speeds t the time of its release. WiFi speeds are over 100mbps, but websites and applications are still getting slow somehow. Even a mid-range or cheap smartphone has a better GPU than older devices, and there are many of those out there. The advice to test on budget smartphones is solid, but people often go out and buy a new cheap phone instead of using something that was popular a few years ago. People who can't afford or don't see the value in getting a new S20 don't necessarily have cheap smartphones, they often have second hand phones or hand-me-downs as well. Frameworks like Flutter and browser engines using canvas are very noticeably slow on those older devices because of the advancements GPU tech has made, as CPU tech improvements in smartphones have begun to slow down over the years. Is the web slower? No, not for the people you want to sell your product to. The question is, why should we accept this bloat? Web applications can be as slow as you want to make them with festures and pretty designs for all I care, but the web in general doesn't need two megabytes of javascript to render a manual or a forum post. The metrics discussed here are wrong in the context they were originally used in, so the article does have a point. However, I don't think we should say the web hasn't gotten slower because computers have increased speeds to compensate with the load. Every byte you save, every script you ignore, every image you compress can have significant impact on hundreds of millions of not billions. If you can't justify that to your team lead, use the argument that the less resources you use, the better the users' battery lives are and the more responsive a site feels. The impact is about the same. In my experience a lot of apps back up their data to Google when you enable the Google backup setting. When I transferred to my new phone I had to reconfigure some security apps, but a lot of settings and data was automatically transferred from my old phone through the backup mechanism. What's missing is alternate backup destinations. I'd like to see the option to backup applications to any cloud provider rather than specifically Google. I've never had any of these issues, so I'm surprised by how spectacularly the author's setup broke. I can understand some Python library failing during the auto update process needing a rollback, but needing a complete reimage to fix the situation? How does that even happen? > new protocol for the letsencrypt challenges was released, announced in some obscure corner of the web and bit by bit the old method of issuing new certificates was deprecated. You would not have known this unless you interacted with Letsencrypt on a daily basis, but like most of these things their whole value lies in NOT having to interact with them all the time. Let's Encrypt also sent out emails to people still using the old method at least two months before the old method was phased out. You have to provide an email address when setting up LE exactly for this reason. The only explanation I can think of for why the author wouldn't have received an email is that they did not execute a renew check for their certificate in the three months leading up to the change of service, which is going straight against LE's guidelines (you should check more often, exactly for this reason). This is the > which is odd because after all the situation hasn’t changed and if it worked last time it should still work this time The situation obviously _has changed_ otherwise the venv wouldn't have been updated. Libraries get bugfixes even if those don't apply to you specifically; deal with it. You're not the only customer here. > I understand that Letsencrypt needs to stay with the times. But the Letsencrypt folks should also understand that in the greater scheme of things certificates are not the most important thing in life and that causing your end users this level of grief is in the longer term not in the projects’ best interest. Web security is not a "set and forget" thing. It's not a toggle button from "insecure" to "secure". If you want a zero-maintenance certificate solution, get a managed server and get someone else to handle the annoying stuff for you. > The machine that this is all running on will need a much more recent version of its OS. That means I’m going to have to migrate a whole bunch of data to another machine in order to be able to do this without downtime. This is unsurprising coming from someone who wrote a blog about why they don't like to update. However, the assumption that the entire host OS needs to update just to use a new piece of software is simply wrong. Things like Docker and LXC make it trivial to run newer software without upgrading the entire system. It also forces the software into a contained space to prevent the catastrophic failure the author had to deal with before. From what I can tell from a Shodan check for this domain, the author still seems to be running Ubuntu 14 (which went EOL last year). That probably explains why the author is afraid that they will need to upgrade their server. However, if you're running on a software stack whose LTS support has already been dropped, you're just postponing the inevitable by not planning an upgrade plan already. Blaming Let's Encrypt for potentially not supporting a platform nobody else supports is a silly excuse. I agree that Let's Encrypt has its issues. Sure, their client can use some thinning, their decisions are sometimes confusing, but the normal situation is not nearly as bad as the author describes here. If you're bothered by the official client updating things, use a different client; there's plenty of them. Mailinabox's use of such an old OS is the exact reason I skipped it and went for Mailcow instead. It also placed very strange limitations on the stuff you could do with the system once it was set up and running according to the documentation, presumably to make sure the project maintainers had only a few types of configurations to support. I have nothing against the concept of Mailinabox but when you create a "hands-off" project like that, your project should also include stable major version upgrades to LTS versions. From what I can tell, MIAB switched from 14.04 directly to 18.04 (skipping 16.04). Their goals and ideas are noble, but I don't think the project is very reliable if they skip major OS releases just like that (and are very late to the party when it comes to support for newer versions, releasing a version compatible with 18.04 only months before 14.04 support was dropped entirely). I appreciate the enormous amount of work it takes to achieve something like this, but marketing your product as something "you don’t need to be a technology expert to set up" brings with it certain expectations (or even, responsibilities). Your issue with an outdated LE client should have never happened if the project had achieved its goals, for example. A modern setup with MIAB based on Ubuntu 18.04 will have OS support until 2028, so the situation has improved; Ubuntu has switched to 10 years of support instead of 5. > Essentially you are arguing that something like Mailinabox can not or should not exist because it falls somewhere between 'managed hosting' and something that can be set up for a few years in order to serve a purpose. The problem is that software doesn't work like that, unfortunately. Bugs and security issues are found and need to be patched. Volunteers don't want to fix five years of releases of their software and for companies it doesn't make financial sense to do such work for free. A Windows server box with regular reboots for security updates will work fine for a bunch of years, but that guarantee is hard to make when your software runs on volunteers and occasional corporate sponsors. > That's not a very encouraging future, maintaining basic internet infra such as mail, web and DNS servers should not be so hard that you can only do it if you want to pay third parties big bucks to do so. There's a reason companies have been providing paid services for this since the dawn of the web. Hosting software on the internet isn't maintenance free and it never was. If you desire a setup that keeps working with minimum maintenance without the risks that come with volunteer work, you'll have to pick a stable OS (like Ubuntu or its competitors) and software stack from the LTS repositories and configure it. You can apt-upgrade anything from the official Debian repositories without reconfiguring anything. You can upgrade and It Just Works as long as you stick to the packages provided by the people maintaining your OS. This works until your OS reaches end-of-life, which is the next time you should do intensive system admin effort. Luckily, this is announced long beforehand, so you can plan accordingly. This still means you'll run into trouble when (free) external parties decide to drop your OS because of the growing amount of software stacks and configurations they have to support over the years. However, if you practice running external stuff in a contained environment (with tools like Docker) you'll get to keep the best of both worlds for as long as possible. Alternatively, you can use setups that don't hide behind magical one-command-fixes-all setups, like manually entering certificates instead of relying on Some Cloud System to do it for you. If all that is too much for you, which I can completely understand, then maybe running your own servers might not be for you. The premise of bringing self-hosted, federated services to the every-day consumer is nice, but I'm afraid it'll always be little more than a dream. The modern web is either part of the Cloud (TM) or a bunch of projects glued together by random chance and best effort; running your own stuff unfortunately requires either money to be paid or effort to be made. VFIO doesn't work with Nvidia devices because of a design decision by Nvidia. Their drivers refuse to load in a virtualized setting unless you buy their enterprise GPUs. You can patch out a few checks and everything works again. Another option is to reload the GPU firmware before the virtualization host boots so the GPU doesn't know it's the second time it boots. Even if it's possible to implement proper VFIO for Nvidia GPUs, I expect them to fight such an implementation with tooth and nail in their drivers. This is the same company that artificially limits the amount of transcoding streams in their drivers, mind. As a desktop OS, Linux runs fine. Pop_OS and friends are great and come preconfigured to run things as well or better than Windows. On a laptop with an Nvidia GPU, don't. Stuff will randomly break in strange and confusing ways. Quadro GPUs suddenly perform less than integrated Intel ones because of driver issues. External graphics work only on weekdays every fourth month of the year. That said, I recently transferred my Linux to a laptop with a setup similar to the author's and it's running with only minor issues I can live with. I can't get both sound and the mic to work simultaneously and connecting to an external display is a mess, but I never use the internal speakers and mic at the same time anyway and I can't remember the last time I've connected a screen to my laptop. All in all, my setup works Well Enough For Me I Guess (TM) but I'm not going to recommend it to anyone. I was surprised to see hooking code like this being written in Rust. I've come to expect C sample code for purposes like these, so it's nice to see that there are actually alternatives when it comes to intercepting function calls and extracting data from a process. Gitee is in China what Github/Gitlab is in the rest of the world. I wouldn't have expected a Chinese company to publish their sources anywhere else, really. Local hostnames have never been supported by the IANA or anyone else as far as I know. Using them is risky because they usually work, but the specs say they shouldn't. Local domains are easy to implement right by registering any domain name (even a free one) and setting that as your local DNS domain. If you register pantalaimon.gq and set that as your local DNS suffix, any non-FQDN hostname should be resolved to host.pantalaimon.gq. Entering http://netflix/ will resolve to http://netflix.pantalaimon.gq/ . Such a system also gives you more control over your local DNS, as you can do more than A and AAAA records now. Only http://netflix./ would that actually constitute as a FQDN and bypass the local domain. I used to use internal DNS infrastructure without a domain until I realised all DNS queries were being sent to DNS because the DNS suffix my ISP appended (something like example.com), resulting in occasional queries to servername.example.com that failed. If you use domains to refer to localhost, just use .localhost as the TLD: it's been reserved for that exact use. There have been bugs found in SSH server implementations that allowed limited remote code execution or even authentication bypasses. Missing an update or two isn't bad when nobody can figure out how to connect to your server. Of course you have to update at some point. However, if someone drops a zero day on your SSH server while you're asleep you're probably glad that you've got a secret sauce to protect your server, letting the vulnerability bots focus on other servers. I think they have a higher mortality in countries where regular bikes are more common because the elderly use them to get back on the streets again. In the Netherlands the introduction of ebikes (limited to 25kph) has caused a spike in bike traffic deaths because many elderly people are brittle and don't have the response times they used to have, causing dangerous situations even at relatively low speeds. Those mortality rates only really affect the drivers of the electric bikes though. AFAIK there's no increase in deaths because of drivers hitting others. After all, an electric bike, even going at high speed, is just a silent motor bike that any driver using their mirrors should be able to detect anyway. Port knocking is a way to decrease the amount of random 0day/brute force scripts finding their way into your server. It will only stop automated scripts and attackers that don't know who you are. It's obviously no protection against incentivized attackers. A VPN has upsides and downsides. It obviously protects your server a lot better against directed attacks, but when you lose your laptop or when your computer gets ransomware'd, you can't get access to the server anymore. Furthermore, code execution vulnerabilities have been found against VPN servers because of their immense complexity and OpenVPN can consume quite a lot of resources for a daemon doing nothing. WireGuard has changed the VPN landscape with its simplicity, but if you fear your server may not be updated all too often (because it's partially managed by a customer, because your colleagues might not care to do so after you leave), leaving a simple solution behind can have its upsides. I'm not advocating that everyone should enable port knocking on their servers to make them secure or anything, but the "port knocking is always bad" crowd is often very loud despite the fact that there are small little ways port knocking can improve security with very little effort or increased attack surface. The lack of cultural unity is the reason people don't want a powerful federal government. With the turn the democratically elected Hungarian and Polish governments have taken the past few years, I sure hope there won't be a powerful federal EU government any time soon. CGNAT is a pain but if you have that type of internet connection you should just forget about hosting anything from home. Maybe ipv6 works if you're lucky, but your ISP clearly won't make it easy for you. A VPS with a VPN works but there's alternatives. Some online services provide free port forwards/port forwards for a price (ngrok style) or if push comes to shove and you only need access yourself, you can probably host your services on a Tor hidden service and bookmark it. I don't think I've seen that many ISPs do CGNAT though. Even mobile carriers often expose some ports to the outside world for IoT crap with a SIM card. Maybe CGNAT is more prevalent in other countries but that doesn't mean other people can make use of these guides. There's a lot of solutions sibling comments have already brought up, but I don't know if it should be this automagical. Keeping services up to date requires effort, money, or a big reduction in freedom of what you can do with your server. There's a full-automatic mail server program, maininabox, that tries to be this instant "just make it work" system. The result of the project is that the host OS was severely outdated for years because upgrading configuration automatically is difficult and because the system manages DNS for you, adding a new subdomein to your server is more of a challenge than it should be. Similarly, automatic service install and management tools like Plesk, cPanel, ISPconfig have been around forever but they always provide some limitation. I think Sandatorm.IO is a quite recent tool of this sort that runs Docker so you have a bit more control. All of these still require occasional maintenance though. If you can't figure out how to point a DNS name and a wildcard to your IP, then I'm not sure if you should be exposing services on the internet like that. If you don't update for a while your nice, powerful server Raspberry Pi might suddenly be DDOS'ing random websites without you even knowing about it, and all you can do to prevent that is to keep your (limited) software stack updated. All attempts to make this easy for the general public have so far shown that people don't like to press the update button; even rebooting Windows is a risk some people just aren't willing to take, which is why Microsoft had to force reboots in Windows 10. With that kind of risk out there, freely connecting whatever to the web and forgetting about it, I'm glad there's some technical requirements before you can host something. I'm sorry, but I'll gladly take 100ms of wait over a script fetching every link I hover over. There's a reason I disable stuff like DNS preloading in my browser and this is no different. I can see how some website benefit from preloading everything, but if they should self-host the script (which won't get it blocked by EasyList) and leverage HTTP/2 Push to load the script in, instead of relying on an external domain that has full access to my IP and the URL I was visiting (through the Referer header). To be clear, I have nothing against your project; it's just the centralized hosting that I don't trust. Unfortunately, you hosted the JS on the main page so the blocklist now also blocks your homepage; had you hosted the domain on a separate domain (cdn.instant.page) you wouldn't have had to deal with this. Because of the way links are generated, I don't disagree with the decision by EasyList though. Even if you did it by accident, you've created a tracker and that means you end up on tracker blocking lists. If you self-host the JS, the script won't get blocked by EasyList. You can still use the project, you just need to disable your ad blocker to download the script from the main website. Oh, I suppose I was mistaken. Perhaps I confused it with one of its competitors I can't remember the name of right now. The original repo is receiving very little updates and maintenance, if any. I'd recommend the community fork at https://github.com/subspacecommunity/subspace instead. Can you explain why you find mutability to be a showstopper? Is this a front end developer thing? I like my consts and all where relevant, but I don't see why mutability is such a problem. Javascript is an imperative language where almost everything more complicated than a number is mutable. I see the lack of creating copies of objects with every operation as a benefit because of the RAM and CPU cycles it saves. Is it because the API returns a reference to an object as well as updating said object? That's the API I'd expect, personally; if I want to do an addition of 1 to i, I'd write i += 1 and expect i to have incremented. I don't see why moment.add() should behave differently? From the footage I've seen (both the footage Uber released, which portrayed the road as much darker than it actually was, and from videos of people driving around in the same area after it happened) I can only conclude that an attentive driver would've been able to prevent the crash. However, I don't think it's reasonable at all to expect someone to remain attentive while looking at a self-driving car. This is the same problem train drivers face, which has been mitigated with all sorts of methods, least of which a dead-man switch. Some countries let their train drivers mention every signal they come across to themselves, with Japanese train drivers even pointing at signs to ensure they're paying attention. This was a vehicle that had been modified to reduce certain safety features (because Uber couldn't get them to work properly) with someone at the wheel expected to be 100% focused on the road while giving them nothing to do at the same time. You can only go through so many hours of sitting in a card doing nothing before you go crazy. From a revenge-seeking perspective it's easy to blame the one person who could've stopped the car for her obvious disregard for safety (streaming video on the job), and I suppose a criminal justice case might be in order. However, I think Uber should be mainly responsible for the loss of life because their flawed design not only made the car less secure but also completely disregarded the human psychology when they designed how their human safeguard driver should do their job. Even human-operated cars will beep and yell at you if you don't pay attention while you're driving in cruise control, if such safety features were omitted in the self-driving design then clearly the driver was set up to take the fall when something bad would happen. I strongly believe Uber only put that woman in there because local law wouldn't let them test their car without a human at the wheel, not because they wanted to ensure their car didn't kill anyone. I think it really depends on what kind of backend you're writing. If you're writing a simple CRUD web backend, I'd suggest avoiding Rust because other backend frameworks have a lot of boring side stuff (CSRF, security headers, form validation, you name it) already implemented while the more recent Rust frameworks are still missing them all over the place, requiring you to implement them yourself. It's not a lot of work to do it yourself, but it's boring, easy to get wrong and you need to check with docs and specs to see if what you're doing is even correct. For those cases, I'd recommend a classic such as Java+Spring or C#+ASP Core with their excellent plugins and addon ecosystems. If you're handling big data structures with loads of allocations and deallocations and complicated algorithms, Rust might be the language for you. The language shines and the lack of a GC shines at those workloads. The same is true for batched workloads that can be processed in parallel, because the restrictions Rust puts on object access makes it excellent to make assumptions about data access and ownership with little or no performance wasted on the framework around the threading library. As much as I like Rust and projects like Rocket.rs, I'm just not sure if the ecosystem is mature enough for it to be used for a production backend for web services. I'd wait a year or two for the Rust frameworks to gain more features and more quality of life improvements before actually using it. Ending aging would only serve to make the rich immortal while the poor still suffer. I think it would create the biggest distance between the common folk and the elite that history has ever known. Even if such technology would be available to the entire world, it would still not solve the issue of overpopulation and the pollution associated with it. Why invest into making a few thousand immortal when you can help billions with much simpler anti-malaria programs? The proactive indexing sure does require a decent CPU and a good bunch of RAM, but most developers have both these days. I've noticed on Windows that anti-virus is a major bottleneck for Jetbrains editors, even with a decent CPU and plenty of RAM. In my experience, the lazy autocomplete takes less resources at start but the result is that autocomplete suggestions are loaded in as files are being parsed. The larger projects grow, the slower this process is. I suppose slower CPUs like the i3 series and low i5 series Intel chips will probably have a lot of trouble with the indexing. You need a laptop with a decent sustained core speed to do the work (which can be a major deal breaker in cheap Windows laptops and the lower tier Macbooks), but the few seconds wait you get on a professional machine when a project gets loaded in is well worth the wait to me. I've had this problem. I used one of my student domains to do research for a course, which required generating a new username and password. Bitwarden's default automagically filled in my uni credentials, which would give access to stuff like VPNs, grades, the whole deal! I've now configured the domain matching correctly, but the default has burned me more often than I'd like. You are at risk if you have credentials stored for any website that allows arbitrary subdomains to be controlled by customers, such as Github pages, Gitlab pages, some ISP and university hosting solutions, etc. You can ensure the login doesn't leak by changing the match detection settings for your logins. If you've got the match detection for a login set to "base domain" (the default AFAIK), then a login for example.com is also matched for evil.example.com which might be a risk if you get linked or redirected there. If you've got the login configured with "hostname" or "starts with", then you're probably safe. You're also safe if you've locked your Bitwarden vault. If you want to disable Bitwarden to be sure and you don't want to lose access to your synced data and your settings, just don't unlock the vault (or only unlock it while logging in and lock it immediately after). I won't personally remove Bitwarden because my most important logins don't allow subdomains to be abused like this. You'll have to make that choice for yourself though. The PSL is not a real solution to this threat, though it does protect a lot of high profile websites; it's a useful tool, but by no means a complete solution to subdomain attacks. With cloud platforms like Azure it's possible for a dangling subdomain to be taken over[1], for example; sure, that's preventable, but it still poses a risk. As I've said in another comment, many educational facilities also offer subdomains or shared hosting space for students and working groups. An attacker with control over evil.student.university.edu could steal university.edu credentials and use them for all kinds of nasty things like identity theft and blackmail. Theoretically this could be solved by adding all of these domains to the PSL, but there's more universities in the world than people using PSL so good luck with that. You also risk breaking educational utilities with uninformed listings so you'd need a list from the IT facilitators to be sure about listing something in the PSL. I don't think it's going to happen, and I wouldn't assume the PSL is a waterproof security tool for these kinds of risks. [1]: https://blog.cystack.net/subdomain-takeover-chapter-two-azur... > If the speed doesn't saturate DSL or coax standards, running fiber to every home is not very wise, even for long term. Why not? Fiber is fast, less prone to rust, doesn't have the shared media problem of cable internet and is cheap to maintain. If the uplink gets saturated you can replace one big fiber instead of putting additional hardware in the local POP to get just a little bit more speed out of DSL. It was economical enough to put fiber down in the 20k village where I was born about a decade ago even though there was already cable and 30mbps DSL. I can understand the US being hard to get fiber down due to exclusivity contracts with ISPs for buildings or even cities as well as the distances you need to dig to reach a city, but as far as I know the UK is not affected by any of that. In many jurisdictions, "theft" specifically implies the taking of goods. When you copy a file, the original file still exists. No items get taken, therefore no theft took place. I am not familiar with American law, but I don't expect it to have a definition where watching illegal movies is considered actual theft. IP companies such as media companies and patent holders often try to spin unlicensed access to media or information as theft because it sounds worse, but in practice the actual crime is "illegal access to intellectual property" or something similar to that. For a language compiling to native instructions, there's really only the C(++) API. UWP is barely used in my experience and WPF/Windows Forms are basically exclusive to the dotnet framework. Windows Forms and the native API share most of their controls' look and feel while WPF is a free-form application framework that allows you to ignore all UI standards if you desire to. I can't remember the last time I've seen a WPF application though, I think it's either dead or dying already. UWP is the new API Microsoft really wants everyone to use. It comes preloaded with the "native" Windows 10 feel with their new design and is intended to be distributed through the MS app store (though you can install packages manually with some effort as a developer). It's what new applications aiming to be Windows native probably should be using in my opinion, but most developers seem to stick to the native API or its wrappers. That means there's barely any UWP applications in use by most people, which means they aren't used to the UWP style, which means they find UWP apps weird, which means there's barely any UWP apps, etc., etc., etc. No. If any maintainer of ReactOS evne just opens the source code, the entire project is doomed to get killed by lawyers. The Win2k source code has been leaked before, as have several WinNT sources. These leaks pose more risks to projects like ReactOS and Wine than they benefit. There's a project working on exactly that, improved trackpad designs. Support varies between trackpads, but from what I've seen there's a lot of progress in this area. As far as I know, shortcuts are already pretty much global. Keyboard navigation, copy/paste, open/close/save, it all pretty much follows the same Windows standards. It takes time to learn to use all the shortcuts though, and a lot of them aren't intuitive. I've had the same experience when I tried macOS, none of the shortcuts made sense and behaviour was often non-intuitive coming from a non-Apple platform. If you're happy with macOS you should totally stick with macOS, but luckily there's people working hard on solving the most glaring issues with modern UIs. Once trackpad support improves, a lot of people might feel a lot better at home than they do right now. This did ask me to log in. It doesn't in private mode though. I think if Google detects that you've _ever_ logged into Google, it's trying to authenticate you when you visit a Google Groups page. Private mode is my default workaround for Google Groups links these days. I, for one, am glad that the dirty laundry of the US army and government is out. These documents all show how dangerous and violent the US really is, even to their own allies, and leaks from other sources have done nothing but confirm that. How can you expect Assange to leak documents from China and Russia? Just because he has someone on the inside in the US doesn't mean he's got dirt on every other country in the world. Whataboutism doesn't help anyone's case against Assange. This entire extradition theater is little more than the US trying to cover up for getting caught. The fabrication of rape charges shows that there's no way he's going to get any fair trial. When he will eventually get to defend his actions in court, his fate is already sealed. The damage wikileaks has done to the US is self-inflicted, really. It you don't want people to get mad at you for massacring an Afghan wedding, for spying on your allies and even on your own citizens, don't blame the whistle-blowers. Those things shouldn't have happened in the first place. It's a theme from the Windows XP source code leak. Obviously it's going to be uncredited; it was never intended to be seen outside Microsoft. This was probably a developer messing with the theme engine to see what it could do and to test its limits. Is that where GNOME got their idiotic alt+tab behaviour from? I absolutely hate having to use two shortcuts in sequence to switch to a specific window. Thankfully it's easy to correct the shortcuts but I still don't get what person would want this behaviour. The only proper way to do internal DNS is to register a domain. Even a free one will do. The more people follow decent practices at home, the fewer businesses will accidentally break because on of the admins thought it'd be alright because it works for them at home. If you set your DNS domain correctly you can also save yourself some typing effort because DNS will automatically append the network name (so you can http://test instead of http://test.internal or http://test.hamu.co ). As an added bonus, you can get valid TLS certificates for your internal network devices without messing with a certificate authority of your own! If they did, Microsoft sues, and the programmer is asked under oath, everyone knows. Unless the programmer decides to lie under oath, which will only make matters worse eventually. If they claim they just reverse engineered the code, they're in an equal amount of trouble. Reverse engineering is illegal in many jurisdictions, unless you manage to do it in a very specific way which should still results in different code than what Microsoft wrote. The more source code leaks, the harder it becomes to claim plausible deniability. Ethically, I think that's wrong and should be fixed, but the copyright and software protection law is against compatibility projects like these when it comes to legislation. Newgrounds is full of porn. It's probably blocked for the same reason pornhub is. Opening the video and letting it play till the end, I found the following in my browser's debugger: - 63 XHR requests - 52500 Kbytes of content in total - 42020 Kbytes of content in video data - 1600 Kbytes in Javascript - 0.36 Kbytes of title (repeated, 14 times) What does this tell me? That the title is 0,000686% of the total transferred content for this video. I'd be more worried about the 1.6 megabytes of executable code (that's two thirds of the original DOOM) just to basically embed a video player and a list of comments. Out of all performance issues you can complain about (enough with the useless polyfills to artificially slow down Firefox already, Youtube staff!), repeating the title is not the important part. Potential workaround: is it possible to configure VPN clients to _ignore_ the WSL2 runtime and instead run a VPN client inside WSL2? That way the Linux network config can deal with the Linux side of things and the Windows network config can deal with the Windows VPN routing. Of course you can just configure OpenVPN inside WSL2 and also run a VPN on the desktop but that's tunnels in tunnels and that way madness and network issues lies. The non-technical customers probably aren't running WSL2 either. In fact I think very few of them actually need a VPN. Those who torrent in litigious countries have a benefit from their VPN provider but I doubt most others don't know about the behaviour changes that need to take place to make a VPN effective. I think VPNs can be a powerful tool for many people who would normally not be able to find out about their existence, but the predatory nature modern VPN ads have taken is quite sad. This leads to some cases of Youtube fan bases angrily calling out shitty VPN ads while the video creators just want to pay their bills, a situation nobody wants. I'm a strong proponent of separation of duties on the web (style and visuals in CSS, layout in HTML, anything interactive in JS). Enabling data binding in HTML would only serve to blur those lines. With some minimal JS, you can update each web component already. Is writing nameField.innerText = response.name really that difficult? What problem does it solve to make a standard for it? As for (de)serialization, JS has built-in support for JSON and XML. HTML attributes are everything but rickety in my opinion, as any decent parser will allow you to access them as if they are a normal dictionary. Put JSON in them if you really want to encode complex data in attributes, although you probably shouldn't. I strongly believe the abhorrent overuse of React and other such libraries on the web is the sole reason our computers have gotten hundreds of times faster but the web is only slightly as quick. I don't see a place in web standards for a React-style functional design because of the specific rules each of these libraries have. If I read the article correctly, the traffic only leaks when the VPN disconnects or reconnects. This means the default situation would be a tunnel inside a tunnel. WSL2's NAT is close to a standard Hyper-V NAT adapter but there's unexpected differences (like the localhost binding) that make it stand out. Web browsers provide many features out of the box but frameworks rarely use them. Web components are one thing; HTML templates are another. Streaming video is being decoded by Javascript even though every browser supports H.264, input elements such as calendar controls are rewritten, animations are done in JS instead of smooth CSS transitions, drag and drop support is manually rewritten in JS... Whenever a feature gets added to standard HTML, web frameworks and "polyfills" keep implementing their own versions because the standards don't fit them and they don't want to rewrite (or keep their own implementation as a mere fallback). Even if a data binding framework would be standardized today, it would take years for browsers to catch up and gain critical mass. There'd only be more polyfills and Javascript to help support people running IE11 or whatever. I'm glad many JS features have been implemented natively in HTML5, but this specific case feels overkill to me. HTML templates have been introduced and then ignored by frameworks already and I doubt any framework would switch over to a new data binding API if it became a standard today. I have never used SwiftUI so I can't comment on it. However, separation of concerns doesn't need to take extra development time. Inlining all CSS and JS is like dropping the MVC model because creating all the necessary classes is taking too much time; focusing on short term gains only lead to a mediocre end result, one that nobody wants to maintain five years down the line. Good React is fine for large applications, but not for websites. Even in applications a few lines of Javascript and a rendering backend can replace entire JS frameworks. Try disabling Javascript for a day and you can see how many pages just become a white screen because whatever is replacing the browser's renderer isn't loading. > Twitter is a good example, great performance. I agree that it's a great example, but it performs horribly for me. I use their website on my phone and videos rarely play back properly, content jumps around while navigating, empty screens and loading bars are everywhere. Sometime I just have to reload because the Twitter website decided it doesn't want to load images anymore. Nitter links, on the other hand, load instantly, including image and video content, because of its minimalist approach. Server side rendering is a welcome improvement because it means the developer doesn't offload the website's calculations to their visitors. I'm fine with whatever framework people pick on the server, as long as my browser doesn't get its rendering engine replaced by the fancy framework for the week.