I’m sorry if that takes money out of retailers pockets, but I really do think that the talented people who sweat blood making these games deserve the money more than people who only know how to push people to buy used instead of new. Then the developers should just charge more up front. I only buy used (or deeply discounted) games because $60 is just too much to spend. If they make it where I still have to spend close to $60 even on a new or discounted game I just won't buy anymore games. Wow, so it's been so long since I've had a 'programming' test I had to go look up the FizzBuzz test. A first year compsci student should be able to whip up a solution in minutes. I can't believe that people try for programming jobs and fail FizzBuzz. First read "How To Win Friends and Influence People." If you apply the rules in the book and are at least an average looking guy you should not have any problems finding dates. Add in some gym time and some pop culture into your daily RSS feeds and you're all set. When you find a girl you like, slowly introduce your geek side. She'll think it's cute. Plus, nowadays everyone uses computers in one way or another so any geek tendencies are not going to be that big of a stretch to understand. Really, it's not that hard. "The system must be completed tomorrow." There are so many things wrong in this post I'm not sure where to start. First, 5 reps is fine sometimes. Look up periodization. The body adapts quickly so while 5 sets of 5 might work for a few weeks you eventually need to change it up. Plus your joints, tendons and ligaments get tired always lifting heavy. Cardio has nothing to do with 'toning.' The old saying is 'abs are made in the kitchen not in the gym.' If you want to look tone (horrible term but we'll go with it) you need to have some muscle and then remove the fat from over top of it. The easiest way to remove fat is the cut calories. You can burn calories through exercise, but not nearly as much as people think. Dips and pullups is nothing close to enough for a well rounded workout. If you want to do a workout without a gym Google bodyweight training. If you have access to a gym then look at the books 'Starting Strength' or 'New Rules of Lifting.' Both are good books by excellent authors and give you plenty of workout plans. With either, expect to spend about an hour in the gym 3 times per week. Have you actually lifted heavy for any amount of time? If you have you'll know that you need times where you let your tendons and ligaments rest. Your joints will thank you too. Muscles recover much faster than your connecting tissues (and your CNS for that matter). Look at something like the 5/3/1 workout. It's set up in a manner that you can do it indefinitely because it has built in periodization. For 3 weeks you work up to near maximal weights then a 4th week of deload. This 4th weeks gives everything else (again - connector tissue, CNS) a chance to fully recover. A complete program is not necessarily complicated. Running is NOT a replacement exercise for a squat and DL variation. Adding a weighted vest is much different than adding ankle or wrist weights. I would advise against ever adding weights to your ankles or wrists while doing cardio. In that scenario your legs and arms are acting like big levers and even light weight can wreck havoc with your mechanics that in turn can lead to injuries. The body just wasn't designed to operate in that manner. While not exactly the same issue look up 'open chain' versus 'closed chain' exercises. The Metalab guys should be happy about all the free press they are now getting. Not saying that Metalab did this, but I wonder if there is a PR lesson here. Anonymously upload your companies design to a popular FOSS project and then pretend to be all dejected when you 'find out'. Air your grievance publicly and boom, instant PR! It's not neccessarily sociopathy, but points to a lesson the be aware of who you hang around with. I heard a stat last year that said that most people make within +-10% of their 5 closest friends salaries. It makes sense when you think about it. If you're hanging out with people who work dead end jobs and simply get blasted every weekend your most likely going to be doing similar things. Likewise, if you hang out with people are always coming with ideas for companies and following through you'll likely be doing same thing. “Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.” -Howard Aiken I agree that Apples reasoning for charging for the Touch updates sounds shady, but you're comparing a touch (NOT a phone) to a nexus one which is a phone. If you compare it to the iPhone the updates are included. Did you really buy a Nexus ONE to replace your touch and don't use the phone portion of the Nexus? Looking at random pictures on the chat roulette map is pretty disturbing lol. I wonder if these people knew a) they were being tracked and b) they picture was being saved would they have still done what they did? "Google did spend a lot of dough trying to roll this out." Where exactly did Google spend all this money? I see DRIOD and iPhone commercials nightly and have yet to see Nexus One commercial. I also don't see any Nexus One advertising in stores or anywhere else a typical consumer might go looking for a phone. Google did some web advertising and had some business news sites cover the phone because well they are Google. I have yet to see any sort of advertising from them that even comes close to the iPhone or DROID (which incidentally has also done very well). Totally agree! Mercury and other heavy metals make it potentially dangerous to eat much fish anymore. I think what your stats and the comment you replied to is showing is that America has gotten better, but there is a growing class divide between the haves and the have nots. I'm not talking about the super rich or the wall street guys, but by and large the knowledge/new economy/professional workers and then everyone else. I believe most(all?) people on HN would by default be in the haves. They are educated and understand what it takes today to be successful. They may be broke, but rarely poor. Then there is a large group of people who are not only uneducated in these matters, but they are also poor and have no means or understanding on how to change their situation. The problem is that the gap between the two groups is growing larger and larger. How we get those on the have not side to make the jump is a growing challenge. * I was the computer science grad student of the year back when I was in grad school * I am a member of Upsilon Pi Epsilon http://upe.acm.org/ * I've been to Tokyo and competed in the web service composition challenge * I have climbed 2 out of Colorados 53 14ers so far. My goal is all 53 in CO and then the North American continent. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourteener * I have surfed big waves in Costa Rica When I was young my dad told me "never quit your job until you have another one lined up." I think that advice still holds, but I will expand it some. Get some side work lined up or something, but don't just quit without a plan. That's going to put you in a pinch and you might have to take another, even worse job because you need money. When I've worked jobs or had lulls in jobs where I was working below my level it always led me to create new projects at home on my own time. These projects kept me learning, stimulated my desire to solve problems, and some have made me a bit of side money. Sadly none have yet taken off to the point where I work on them permanently. I have an app (nowhere near top ranking tho) and I agree with you for the most part. My first submission took 2 days and any updates have taken less than 24 hours. One took less than 6 hours for them to turn it around and get it on the app store. My only issue with the app store now is the returns. I have had 1 return and all I got from Apple was the form letter that if you have a lot of returns it might be a quality issue. What I would like to see is at least the questionnaire the customer fills out in order for Apple to grant the return. At least this way I can know if it's some sort of serious problem or just someone who made a purchase by mistake. I think developers need to treat math like any other framework - continue practicing. When I was an undergrad and then a graduate student I was always doing math. Now that I work in the business world, not so much (although I do use my statistical analysis skills often). My math skills have degrade some because of it. As an aside, the picture at the end of the article gave me flashbacks to when I tore my ACL doing backrolls on the wakeboard...ouch! I think the point of the "either works or it doesn't" is a comparison versus analog. With an analog signal you could get slightly better results by getting better cables (or worse with worse cables). If you have a poor digital cable it flat out doesn't work. If the cable you're using works, buying a more expensive cable isn't going to make it work any better. Either the 1s and 0s made it from the source to the destination or they didn't. No one is claiming that there isn't engineering that needs to happen to make a digital signal reliably travel from the source to the receiver. You're confusing what I was saying. In an HDMI situation if you use a cheap cable and the picture and sound are fine, buying a more expensive cable isn't going to change anything. With HDMI in particular, if the cable is failing you'll know right away with either a poor picture or sound. It won't have the gradations that were possible when pushing an analog signal around - i.e. the picture looks could, but it could be sharper with a better cable. I'm not sure why you brought ethernet into the mix, but generally you're talking about much longer runs than HDMI and it's often not as easy to see when your are losing packets without specifically checking if you are dropping packets (IMHO poor network performance IS failing outright, but not as easily seen as a bunch of blocks on the TV). Even then, the cable you use is either delivering all the packets or it isn't (up to an acceptable level of errors/loss for the length you are running). Delivering a stronger 1/0 isn't going to change anything as long as it's strong enough for the receiver to differentiate. That's where it either works or it doesn't comes from. IMHO, seeing sparkles on the screen means 'does not work.' Hearing audio errors means does not work. When pushing a digital signal around if you have significant errors you'll know quickly at the receivers end if the cable is bad. If you hook up your cheap cable and don't notice any of these errors, getting a better cable isn't going to make the picture sharper or sound clearer like in the days of pushing analog signals around. I don't think the AMD way is necessarily the "right" way. What Apple needs to do is add more options. Make the options part of the power control applet. You should be able to have different settings based on plugged in/not plugged in, API usage, integrated/discrete always on/off, etc... IMHO, a combination of Apple's way and AMD's way is the right way. Drinks != music. Alcohol is known to slow reaction time and cognitive skills. Instead of substituting music with drinks how about wonder if doctors also listen to music while they work. When I was pre-med (prior to becoming compsci) I went and observed a few surgeries. The surgeons were some of the most focused, professional people I've ever met and they had music playing in the OR. Go figure. It's a tough question. The problem is that AAPL makes a lot of their money off hype/fad products (and don't flame me on this, they make some nice products, but the AAPL marketing machine is genius and could sell the Brooklyn Bridge right now). Not that this is a bad thing, but fads can change on a dime. Remember how cool the RAZR used to be? Rightly or wrongly AAPL is seen as a personal extension of SJs will. What happens when he leaves? AAPL has also just had a HUGE run up. I'm not saying it's going to drop anytime soon, but you don't want to be the last one on the train. AAPL makes premium products at premium prices. Has the overall market (jobs, financials, housing) really recovered enough that people in general are okay with spending again? Some statistics say no, but recent earnings say possibly. All these are questions you need to answer for yourself. I would be a little gun shy today (either buying or shorting) because I think there are easier/less risky investments to be in right now. I use win7 in a VM on OSX in order to do my day job. Prior to that I was using XP. I tried Vista, but resource wise it was horrible. Win7 stays out the way for the most part and it works - a lot like XP. Am I going to switch back? No, but you're right that for most users win7 is just fine. I have one even better. Comcast is actually a big group of companies split up by state. I was told multiple times that each state does not share data, accounting etc... I got to this point because when I moved from one state to another I had to close out my account in one state and open in another state. During the move I happened to accidentally double pay my final bill. Now, any reasonable company would just credit me my overpayment on my new service (in the same company right?). Nope, everyone kept telling me it was impossible. I'd either talk to someone from my old state or my new state, but neither could see any data from the other. After 3 months of this they mailed me a check. Just so happens my mailman is horrible (completely different story, but this happens all time) and somehow managed to tear the numbers on the bottom of the check so I couldn't deposit it ugh. Once again on the phone with comcast telling me I'd have to wait for them to cancel the check before mailing me a new one and still telling me it's impossible to credit the account. After 10 days I called back and the CSR acted like I had never called. So they started the process over again. This went on for over a month. Finally last month (nearly 7 months after the original overpayment) they CREDITED my new account! Something I was told over and over was completely impossible across states. EDIT I wanted to add that actual internet and cable service from comcast has been fine, and the people on the phone were generally nice. If it wasn't for the scalper though you probably wouldn't have even had the option to go it you had wanted to. MS has made many missteps, but I think with the Express versions of their development tools they are attempting to (and seem to be doing pretty well at it) migrate through a disruption in their developer tools and mindshare. Only time will tell if they were too late with the free tools. Well you could be pushing people to only be about themselves and their team and not the company as a whole. Why would I want to work with and help another team if it means I may move them above the 10% line and me below? So while you're right that it would push people to do their job well it could also push them to submarine others. Here is a good back and forth with Lustig and why his science could be suspect. http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/01/29/the-bitter-truth-ab... http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/02/19/a-retrospective-of-... There is no secret why people are fat. People are doing less exercise wise and eating more crap food wise. Trying to blame it on one trigger such as HFCS is clearly ignoring the big picture. I agree to avoid it with a web framework. It's just not worth the hassle in that sort of application. Where I still use it though is for reporting systems. Have your datasource output XML and then have an xsl for the web report and a xsl-fo for a printable PDF report. At the time I wrote the reporting system it was to replace Crystal which I found to be much more of a pita and more expensive. Always do it the right way? What way is the right way? The right way from an engineering standpoint or a business standpoint? In my experience the right engineering way and right business way are often at odds. My boss just says I'm 'developing under protest' in these situations. :) Haha so true. I spend 10 days in costa rica surfing and get by with just bringing a small back pack. Surfboards take up a bit of space tho ;) Finally. I've been wondering when all the people on Facebook would start wondering about their privacy. Hopefully facebook will see some backlash and have to stop making it harder and harder to remain private. I wonder if this is the opening for a new, more private social networking site? Exactly. It's best to assume everyone is biased and judge arguments on their merit and not on who is delivering it. I agree with you that right now it probably makes little sense for Apple to offer the service for free. A couple reasons that I see that they may change though are: 1) A slight jab at Google. Right now I have my mac address book, iPhone, and Google address book all syncing OTA. It was a bit of a PITA to setup, but works now. If Apple offered the same service for free I would most likely switch. 2) Making the service free could add another selling point for macs, iPhones, and iPads. A "buy this item and you also get into another exclusive club" type of thing. The problem with this reason is that Apple doesn't seem to need to do this right now since demand already seems quite high at the moment. My guess is that mobile me will not be free anytime soon unless Apple rolls out some new base technology that requires MM to function. Get a nice laptop. An iPad will not be enough for CS/EE degree. I would argue it's not enough for any degree, but that's off topic. Get an iPad later if you want to simply because it's a cool device that seems like a good ereader/entertainment system. My rationale is this. In undergrad and then graduate school many times I would sit with my laptop with the professor going over various problems. Impossible to do with an iPad. Many classes required X that wouldn't work on an iPad. For example, embedded systems required usb connection to the external HW device and then software support. Linux was required for many classes since the code is available to learn from. In the end my optimal solution was a 17" MBP with linux and windows VMs. The GPP sets up a strawman argument by saying that people are expecting EA to give their product away for free. No one is expecting that at all. To address your point, they are getting paid when someone buys and uses their product. Currently the $60 price tag includes usage of the game servers for a single person. If that person sells the game why should the new owner have to pay an additional cost? The old user is no longer using the servers and as far as EA is concerned their cost didn't change. In other industries it's theft? I've never bought a new car so all the used cars I've bought have been theft? What about used cars that still had original warranties intact? Should I be forced to buy a new warranty since I wasn't the original person who purchased it, even though it's tied to the car? Yeah, whether or not you agree with Hayek, he is obviously a smart guy who has no problem articulating where he stands on an issue. I wonder if it's a generational difference. My grand parents for example have no problem telling you what they think and their reasoning on why. Exactly. The effort required to meet insurance and then government regulations for a doctor or hospital to get paid is through the roof. I was at the doctor not long ago and noticed a sign at the desk that if you paid in full with cash or credit he would give you a price that was close to or below many people's rising co-pays. "There's some comfort in knowing that a non-profit agency is looking into the safety of a drug before it goes out to the public for consumption." You're kidding right? At least with a for profit corporation I know their motives. With a government agency I have no idea if they are returning a favor, taking money, or simply like the person. With that said, the FDA still requires a large profit motive since no one would spend the millions required to get approved unless they expected some return. I wonder how many possible working drugs for esoteric diseases are floating around that will never be released because of the expense of getting through the FDA. Just make it part of the science research grants they give out. I'm sure there are some scientists out there who love to work with venom and anti-venom :) That's the thing, I fully expect for-profits to accept bribes and would act accordingly. Assuming that the FDA is some high and mighty agency that only approves safe drugs is the problem. Because when you start talking about good revenue numbers you bring in competitors to the market. This advice is especially true in markets with very low barriers to entry like iPhone apps. Would it be easy to duplicate what maxklein is currently doing? Probably not, but $40k/month is going get some people to at least try and those people may end up being his competitors. I understand your point and agree with you. There was a movie not long ago that had just came to video. I checked the xbox and I couldn't rent it, only buy the SD version. So I check netflix steaming, not available. I check netflix movies and it's on a wait to rent. I can see why people go to P2P networks after I tried many ways to get the movie legally. I still haven't seen the movie since after all that I didn't feel like watching it then anyways. And don't even get me started on the impossible to skip commercials! I agree. I only do BJJ anymore, since really I'm too old to get punched in the face now :) I look at BJJ as a kinda of physical chess match. Every move has a counter and so on, with the question being can you execute it given how physically and mentally tired you might be at that moment. I try to focus my non-computer hobbies to things outside: -any board sport (surfing, snowboarding, wakeboarding) -high altitude hiking/mountaineering -outdoor photography http://picasaweb.google.com/michael.atwood/PublicPhotos# -weight lifting/power lifting -basketball Where are all these mythical talented engineers working as cashiers and waitresses?! Last time we hired I interviewed tons of people who frankly had zero clue about programming. We finally found a kid fresh out of school who is super smart, but barely takes showers. At least he gets work done though which makes my day easier and that's what counts ;) At worst a CompSci person should be able to go into government contracting. They are nearly always hiring, mostly require minimum schooling, and the pay is usually pretty good. There are some fields that usually require more than an undergrad degree to do much with them, but that's isn't anything new. Psychology is a great example, where you have to get an MS or PhD in order to go anywhere with it. If the student didn't realize that till graduation day, well that's their fault. You're assuming that intelligence somehow leads to employment and income. I believe intelligence is only one part of the total equation. IMHO, the larger and more substantial part of the equation is discipline and the ability to execute. This is HN, so look at all the startups that people do around here. Are they really that much more intelligent than everyone else on this list? I'm sure they're all smart people, but what they really have above others is the ability to execute. While the average american is watching American Idol they are working on their business idea. While the same american is playing video games or posting on HN ;) they are working their website. Obviously some level of intelligence is required, but I just don't think it's as important as many people believe it to be. Whoops, ignore me. I missed withOUT :) Sorry about that. Where is that story about how it's impossible to multitask again... I use Google as my offsite backup, so I would lose pretty much nothing except for my email address. That would be a pain. Best non-programming job I ever had was a waiter in a fine dining restaurant. I made great cash and met lots of interesting people. I also got eat very well and learned a lot about food and wine, something I still very much enjoy today. Also, keep in mind that fine dining is nothing like Outback or Applebees. I happened to be in college at the time, but many of my co-workers were people who waited tables on the side of their regular jobs. IIRC, one guy was a minister, another owned a catering business, and another was a teacher. Another big plus if you're not married is that you meet tons of girls :) I would think that any kind of analytics might fit your description. The problem is that you might end up tied to Excel. Another one might be some sort of civil engineering or any job where you need to physically build something. Also, any job that you have can require thinking if you want it to. Learn about the job and then think about you can do it better, faster, or cheaper. I agree. I replaced a SR MBP (2.4 C2D) with a new i7 and normal tasks really are that much faster. I had expected better performance, but was pleasantly surprised by how much the upgrade provided. It looks like they have room in the MB for an i3/5 and a separate Nvidia GPU since they have a 320M in the new one. The reasoning for the C2D in the 13" MBP though was that they didn't have room for both the i3/i5 and the Nvidia GPU so you'd be stuck with only the Intel IGP /shudder. Part of the blame I think needs to fall on Intel for making it so complicated to support other GPUs now. Honestly, what it sounds like you need is more RAM and/or an SSD. I recently upgraded to an i7 MBP just so I could get the 8GB of RAM. My last C2D MBP could only use 4GB. If it could have gone to 8GB I would have stuck with it and just added more RAM since that would have been the most cost/benefit way to improve performance with my usage (VMs for Windev, XCode for Apple dev, everything in between). Now that I have an i7, my next big performance changing upgrade will be an SSD. I'm just waiting for the next gen or maybe the next gen after that. Exactly. I put a majority of the blame on these companies that for some reason can't be bothered to check an ID. On the back of my debit and credit card I sign it with "Check ID" since the cashier is supposed to at minimum verify the signature. I've had cards stolen multiple times and have had them used before I could cancel them. So much for verifying the signature. This is why I think companies that incorrectly send you to collections or give credit to someone using your identity should not only be on the hook for the money they lost but also liable to the person they are forcing to clear their name. Years ago I rented at a crappy apartment complex. When I left their check out basically meant you always owed them ~$200. I paid and moved out of state. 6 months later I get a collections call saying I didn't pay the bill. I told them I paid it, she said it wasn't and said it was going on my report unless I paid that day. Luckily I paid by check and my bank (like all banks I guess now) keeps canceled checks online for pretty much ever. So now I had to go back 6 months and find this check then call the apartment then the collections agency, etc... A HUGE hassle and time waster for me all because the apartment complex employed incompetent people. The kicker was that the girl trying to collect from me said "people make mistakes and you can't blame them." Um, when I make a mistake and forget to pay a bill you guys jump all over me. You make a mistake and it's still my problem to solve. Obviously I don't expect them to do a point by point comparison of the signature, but they are supposed to at least make sure it's there. Writing 'Check ID' should get them to check my ID every time, but so few even look at the card. This is a funny prank where a guy went out trying to get people to actually look at the back of the card :) http://www.zug.com/pranks/credit_card/index2.html What did a full license of VS give you over just using the Express versions of the tools? From what I've seen unless you have a huge team and need the team features you could probably get by using the express versions. I do agree with that the SQL server licensing is a huge PITA and in your case you really didn't need all its ancillary features and instead just needed a simple, fast data store. The article was a great read. No, the worst thing is buying the car new . When you drive off the lot a car gets hit with immediate depreciation. The first year captures a lot more of that 30%. If you simply buy cars that are 1 year used you save a ton on the deprecation to the point where a 3-5 year loan at 6%ish never puts you underwater if you put a little money down. I don't know how it is in the EU, but in the US it makes very little sense to buy a new luxury car. Many people who like luxury cars also like owning the newest one. This means they lease and/or buy them and only keep them for 1-2 years. If you look in the used luxury car market you can find great deals. So great in fact that I'm amazed anyone buys one new, but that's what people like to spend their money on I guess. The general definition I use for 'underwater' is if I were forced to sell my car today would I get enough money for it to pay off the bank? Nowhere did I mention viewing a car as an investment. There is no rationalization. Of course it's more cost but there is also cost associated with reducing the amount of cash you have on hand. With that said, a car is the second biggest purchase most people make. It would be great if they all had the thousands of dollars to buy a reliable car with cash, but many don't. Personally the last car I bought was used and I got a 6% 5 year loan. I typically make double payments on cars so the loan is almost over less than 3 years in. I did the math the other day and accounting for interest I've done much better by buying the car on credit and leaving the rest of the money in my various investments. Over 2-3 years 6% isn't much to begin with so it's pretty easy to beat with other various investments. Where are you banking that your used car loan is 13%?! The one I have now is 6% and bank rate lists current used car loans for 48 months at 6.38%. You need to find a new bank :) I really hope you're not using dealer financing...ugh. I agree that buying a used car does take a bit of leg work. The last one I bought took me almost 3 months of looking. At the time I bought my last car the dealership wanted $33k for the base trim new. I bought the 1 year old version with 12k miles and higher trim level for 24k. The car was a 4-Runner, not exactly luxury, but a nice reliable car. I'm looking at Range Rovers now and the price difference between new and 1-3 years old is amazing. I also get a mechanic to check out any car before I buy it. Luckily I have multiple mechanics in my family. Oddly enough I have bought 1 new car in my life and it was the car that gave me the most problems. I had it in the shop every other week because of some computer/vapor exhaust issue. When I finally sold it, the engine light had been on for about 3 of the years I owned it. The mach3 is great. Other things I've noticed about cheap disposable razors is the blade spacing. When they put the blades too close together it's a PITA to rince the razor after each stroke. The Mach3 seems to be the perfect balance between the number of blades and the spacing. Look into the details of WIFI and/or cell technology sometime if you want to see something that's best not to know and just be glad it works ;) Obviously avoiding sugar is going to mean you consume less calories and thus likely to lose weight. Sugar is not on its own unhealthy though. Avoiding salt means you're avoiding tons of processed foods and drinks. I would bet that it's the avoidance of those foods that are making you healthier and not necessarily the salt. The thing that you're missing is that MSSQl is much more than just a database server. Now, I agree that if all you're trying to do is install the bare minimum RDBMS then IIS shouldn't be required. .Net though is always going to be required because you can write extended stored procedures in c# and have full access to the .Net object library (very cool btw). IIS is going to be required when installing parts of MSSQL like SSRS or MSAS since they can interact with client tools and users through IIS. Yeah, I was about to mention that MSSQL has had this 'feature' for years. I've used it a lot for retrieving organizational structures from the typical parent-child table structure. The best part of it, is that it is MUCH simpler than either trying to roll your own through cursors or dealing with it in whatever language outside the database. First off, great job! Working out really doesn't take that long. Most studies have shown that a typical non-steroid using weight training session only needs to last 45 minutes to an hour. After that time period, unless you consuming calories during the session the results you can get drop off dramatically from diminishing returns. I agree that the biggest hurdle with people going to a gym is the intimidation factor. I'm in the gym 4 times/week and love seeing people who start and keep going. I want to tell them how awesome it is that they are doing it, but am never sure if that's the right thing to do some stranger lol. If you can afford it the personal trainer is a great idea. The only problem is that many PTs plain out suck. I would try to do a session with one before committing to anything long term with a particular person. There are personality and knowledge factors that as a client you want to find out early. Your story is also very common and is why a friend of mine is opening a gym that will cater to people who need a PT and are generally intimidated about the process. Obviously it will be a smaller niche gym, but I think it will work out pretty well. At some point though you shouldn't want to lose anymore weight. Unless you start out really overweight, simply losing weight shouldn't be the goal anyways. Lowering BF% is a much better goal that reflects your overall body composition. I'm 6' 1" and almost 200lbs and weight wise I could be considered overweight, but my BF% was 11% the last time I had it checked and I've since gotten leaner. In short, don't get depressed about the scale. Look in the mirror and keep making body composition changes. The problem with machines and that most enforce 'bad' form. Every person has their own natural motion that a machine simply cannot match. The best way to learn a free weight exercise is to simply start doing it without any weight. Start squatting and dead lifting with just your body weight (use a broom handle to simulate the bar). Once you get that down start adding weight. There is a very little that a machine will do to help you with exercises like that and in fact it could end up enforcing bad habits. Ah, the dead lift. The single most effective exercise ever invented. I don't remember where I read it, but the quote goes like this: "A kid walked up to me in the gym while I was dead lifting and asked 'what muscle does that work.' I responded by asking the kid 'have you ever watched a football player run across the field and tackle the player with the ball?' The kid responded 'sure.' To that I said 'that muscle.'" I point and laugh at those guys :) Great advice! The 2 angles you generally want for a video are the front or back and the direct side angle. Luckily I haven't had to post and vids because I have a trainer friend who is very good at form and correction. He just adjusted a few things in my DLs and I'm closing in on 500lb DL again. I've tried sumos off and on, but I don't they are right for my body type. I have long arms and legs and I just get so much more leverage with the traditional DL. I do sumo holds though as accessory work to keep my glutes firing properly. And yea, the guy quarter squatting is generally a dumb ass. There are times to quarter squat, but for most people they should never need to. You picked a trainer the right way. If you know what you need to be pushed and motivated then look for that in a trainer. They each have their own styles and personalities just like anyone else. When it comes to random complements it's really me projecting my anti-social tendency while at the gym. I'm there for one reason and it's to work out. I put headphones and generally don't talk or interact with anyone the entire time I'm there. I guess if the opportunity presents itself I'll try and offer a complement in a non-creep way :) There is nothing wrong with yoga or pilates, but they are not a replacement for good old fashioned weight training. If you really enjoy yoga mix it in with weight workouts. Do weights a couple times a week and yoga a couple times week. Also, as someone else mentioned, don't be afraid of doing weights. The only way to gain weight and thus more muscle is by eating a surplus. So many women shy away from weights because they don't want to get 'bulky', when it's the food that makes you bulky not the training. I've worked in numerous jobs in the US and have never had to sign a contract. One tried to make me sign one of those 'anything you invent even on your own time is our property' documents and I told them no to which they said don't worry about it then. The company I work for now was acquired awhile back and the software I work on is one of the main reasons for acquisition. I fully expected them to try and present some contracts, but they didn't. Most likely they correctly thought that I wouldn't sign it without some increase in pay and benefits, and they didn't want to give me any additional money. I go back and forth on things like lol. It's hard to convey in writing when something should be take lightly or as a joke. Without the standard facial cues of smiling it's easy to take something the wrong way. And in general your heuristic is correct, but the gym is an odd place. I'm pretty social, but would prefer no one talk to me while working out. I'm usually so busy watching the clock and focusing on the task at hand that I don't want to seem rude to someone by having to eventually ignore them to finish my workout. You might be onto something. In my old city I used to go to an older gym with mainly people who wanted to workout and get strong. The bars had rust on them and the crowd was all very friendly, not big family friendly but they would all say hey when you showed up. My new gym is a big box gym. It's super nice, and I keep telling a friend of mine that really it's too nice. The people aren't very friendly, but I think that's because there are so many more people working out here that you rarely see the same person enough times to form any relationship. Plus, many people are there to just hang out and act like they are working out. One time I actually overheard a guy ask another guy for a spot and the guy told him no and then walked over to another bench and just sat down. I was stunned and in all my years of working out had never seen someone not help another when asked. Even in their most competitive days I couldn't imagine Arnold telling Lou no if he needed a spot. This has been my experience also. I have a friend who is a SVP at a very large company. She lives in one state while managing offices in 6 other states and 3 other countries. This means she is either working out of her house or traveling to the various offices. The only real requirement (and mainly to keep her sanity) is to live near a city with a major airport. SMS is it's own beast, but call minutes are already very cheap. I remember when 100 minutes was insanely expensive and now my only phone is a cell phone with enough minutes that I never think about it when I'm talking to someone. Carriers could compete on talk minute price, but they know that few people care. Those that do have already moved to something like Boost Mobile or one of the other low cost providers (most are owned by the big boys, so you could say they are already competing with lower prices just with a different brand). SMS messaging while a ripoff from a production cost standpoint is not all that bad from the consumer view. For $10-$15/month someone can do unlimited SMS. From a cost to communicate with anyone and everyone as often as someone likes standpoint that is a very cheap price. Also, people don't really care enough to move providers in order to save $5 when they would rather have either coverage, service or a certain phone. Are the carrier prices really artificially high? I will say they have some wiggle room, but they are walking a fine line of price they need to charge in order to build out the network across the entire US with the lastest tech and still somehow turn a little profit at the end of the day. Net Profit Margin for the 1Q of this year: VZ - 8.49% T - 8.36% S - (10.7%) Not exactly price gouging numbers above. I have no problem with charging for usage, but what I want is a flat rate per GB. Simply charge me $6/GB (rounded up is fine) and I would consider that fair for wireless network access. Of course the companies will never do this because I would only end up paying $6/month instead of the $25. I know ATT did their math and realized that most users are just above their lowest plan, but way below their highest plan. The goal is to push people into the higher plan and hope they use nowhere near that amount. You could always check out moissanite. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moissanite Someone would have to really study the ring to realize it wasn't diamond. Plus it first came from meteorites which puts it high on the geek scale ;) You shouldn't feel uneasy about quitting within 90 days. Most employes have the 90 day provision to fire you if you don't work out, so just use the same logic. I agree. I don't each fast food much at all, but the only craving I get is for McDs fries. When they are done right they very tasty regardless of how unhealthy they might be :) 50s best business move was hooking up with Vitamin water early on. He advertised for them and in return got stock options instead of cash. Vitamin water was eventually bought out by one of the big drink makers and 50 made out with ~100M. I got an iPhone 4 today and even in weak signal areas where I have less than 5 bars I can barely get it to drop another bar (it'll bounce up and down in my testing). I thought on day 1 this whole fiasco might have been a manufacturing defect in the first batch phones, and my experience seems to add some support to my theory To those with a phone that goes from 5 bars to no signal, simply call it defective and exchange it. There is a difference between shipping some defective units and shipping a defective design. Some defective units are expected because it happens. Like the other person who replied to your post, I can't imagine an engineering group putting the antenna on the outside and not testing it. I believe it's an issue. I'm also starting to think it's a manufacturing problem that primarily effects first or second shipment phones. I just got my iphone yesterday and cannot replicate the problem. I thought maybe I was in a good signal area so today I went to an area where I know signal is poor. When not in my hand the phone sat at 3 bars. If I touched the spot I could get it to bounce around from 2-3-4 bars. Never once did it go to no signal. Also, no matter what hand I hold the phone in my particular grip doesn't naturally touch the spot. A friend of mine who also just got his phone has has the same experience as I have. No real issue. Another friend who received his phone on launch day can touch the spot and go from 5 bars to no signal in minutes. The only commonality between the 2 phones that appear to have no problem is that they were bought at best buy from a very recent shipment. The phone with the problem was bought from Apple and received on launch day. IMHO, the biggest problem with the whole situation is how Apple has handled it. Clearly some people have issues, but Apple being Apple has been arrogant about the whole ordeal. This is one time where a little communication would go a long ways. I'm going to guess they still aren't sure of the exact problem and that's why they have been totally quiet on the issue (other than SJs typical quips). Also, the whole design defect thing needs to have some logic enter the equation. Do people really think that the phone went through an entire hardware design cycle and a group of engineers never thought to test of the phone was held? Even the worst developers I've worked with and managed do better testing than that. I think it's much more likely that there is/was either an issue with software and/or manufacturing. I was front row at one of her matches. Her reputation will always be fine with me ;) You keep saying this like it's news. Any platform, and not just mobile, is going to end up with winners and a long tail of losers or those that are not as successful. The current iPhone sdk and app store gives the lone developer a decent chance at making something that is successful though. Apple doesn't advertise the fact that they do keep a list of your purchases. If you call them you should be able to get them to let you re-download all the content you have bought through ITMS. IMHO, Apple should be putting a feature like this front and center, but my guess is that the labels are against it. Who else wants you to buy the same song first on vinyl, then tape, then CD, then digital, then... I agree with you, now if only the movie studios got on board. The day a movie comes out on DVD it should also be available to rent through every digital service out there including Netflix. I wondered the same thing awhile back, although the word 'evil' isn't something I would attribute to a game like Farmville. See my blog post on the issue, "Are Social Obligation Game Psychological Malware?" http://www.thepensiveprogrammer.com/2010/05/are-social-oblig... Google needs to be concerned about Apple, but FB threatens their main revenue stream. As more and more people get on FB and put all their information on FB, those same people have less incentive to go to Google to do any searching and instead will just search FB. It's interesting how the internet exploded and had content popping up all over the place and now the content has ended up self aggregating to a few sites like FB and youtube. I don't believe so. That term has been used for years prior to 2000 in competitive offshore fishing. Interesting thoughts. I had an acquaintance years ago who did a type of HFT. He built and ran a team of people for 5 years or so before 'retiring' with his FU money and traveling the world. With respect to your news about a CEO, what he told me is that any stocks that had news or upcoming news were simply pulled off the table from trading. I always thought that there could be some value in parsing and understanding news, but from his standpoint it simply took too long. His other point is why deal with other variables when you don't have to. Find low news stocks and you find something that is more easily predictable. That leads me to the next point he made, time. I asked him about using exotic analysis techniques and again he said most of their algos were variations of regression testing. Now, he didn't go into how they figured out the variables in their regressions, but he said the reason they stuck with those variations is because they were fast and they allowed them make decisions quickly before the window of profit closed. Last I heard he retired at 30 traveled the world with his wife got bored and now runs a hedge fund. I don't know if how he was doing it 10 years ago would apply to today. Yeah, he learned the hard way that you can't expect to compete in the pros without pro level access. The thing is though that the pros are dealing with ms or seconds when he should have been looking at things outside their range like minutes or hours or possibly even days. The currency market is even more cut throat (hey, insider trading is encouraged! :) ), but I have a friend who works with a single other guy managing about 10M leveraged out close to 100M. All they do is trade currency. On a typical day they make 1-2 trades for their clients and the rest of the time play golf and hang out. Pretty much the ideal job :) They got started years ago while in grad school by writing an algo to analyze currencies. After showing it worked they rounded up a bit of funding and have gone on from there. Ever since then they have just honed and tweaked the algorithm and both make a good living off the commissions from working a couple hours/day. This. The best user feedback is someone actually giving you money for your creation. I feel that I owe each person who buys my iPhone app the best type of that app possible. I wouldn't have down voted you, but anyway. FBs value is in connecting people. Humans are social by nature and FB extends that social nature out many orders of magnitude. Like you, I do wonder if the value is being over hyped. Who needs or even wants 100s of 'friends?' Real friends take time and effort and I wonder if we'll see backlash where people get back to less friends, but closer relationships. I've worn various Oakley sunglasses for years paying $100-$200 each. I usually keep them 3-5 years before they get too beat up to keep wearing. I've tried switching, but I haven't found any optics that I liked as much. I guess it could be a mental thing...dunno. One thing the article didn't touch on was comfort. I hated wearing sunglasses until I bought Oakley Zeros years and years ago. They were so light you could forget they were on. The next time I need glasses I'll go out and try to find some cheaper ones that fit my criteria instead of being lazy and just picking up another pair of Oakleys :) What a great time for me to read this essay and in particular this part you left out. My small team operates as a startup inside of a large company. We have produced more software at a faster pace than any other group in the company. We had a conf call today with the powers that be who have decided they want more process. Why would they do this? Well, while other groups are sitting around talking about resource this and ticket that we have simply been churning out software that meets the operational needs. The problem is that by doing this we are stepping on all sorts of political toes..."why did your team do this it's not your area?" Sigh, I guess it's time to move on so I can get my mindset back to solving problems with software. Yeah, taking credit is definitely a big part of it, but it's more than that. By simply doing what we do we keep making other groups in the company look horrible. I don't think we're all-stars, but in big corporations it seems that just doing your job with a results minded attitude easily sets you above the rest. Also, don't think we anti-process :) I'm a stickler for SCM and testing, but we operate in an agile manner. Most projects start out with a 'hey, this would be cool' and then we iterate based on user feedback. Early on code changes can roll out daily, while the new process wants us to bundle our code and hand it to a 'deployment team' who might take 2 weeks to get around to deploying. How this is acceptable is beyond my comprehension, but it might explain why other groups never seem to deliver anything (or put 6 months on any timeline). I told my boss today that if this goes through that it will likely destroy what makes us so successful and he agreed. I'll just look at it as motivation to work harder on my own ideas and maybe once and for all escape ;) Huh? DPs are simply proven ways to address common problems. Would it make sense for each of us to have to solve the same problems before we can get on to the new problems? Maybe we should all have to write our own programming language before coding our next business. Why innovate when you can just use an existing programming language? Also, it's not as easy as copying a DP. There is a level of understanding required of both the pattern and the problem at hand to even know if the pattern is appropriate. I will take a GoF solution as at least a starting point to my problem over rolling my own any day of the week. It sounds like they may not have really wanted you to begin with and used your high number as their out. If they really wanted your tech/app/whatever they would have come back with something closer to what they wanted to pay. At 6'2" I've always paid for more room when given the chance and a reasonable price. Last time it was offered at checkin I think it was $35 each way for 6-7" of extra room. It doesn't sound like a lot, but it makes a huge deal. I don't really have a bad list. I first look for flights on Frontier then SW and Jetblue. If none of those work out I default to Delta for the skymiles and most of their planes have in flight internet from what I have seen. What always gets me is that long haul flights seem to have less room than domestic flights or the regionals. The most uncomfortable flight I've ever had was from ATL -> Tokyo because the seats were so close together. I ended up spending hours just sitting in the galley with the flight attendants. Just so you know, Rails 3 RC plus all the associated dependencies with rspec now core dump on integration ('requests') tests even though controller testing works fine. It looks like there is a webrat/rspec usage issue. I assume they'll get it fixed in a few days. Here's the rspec ticket to keep an eye on: http://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails/issues#issue/140 >The short walk down a plain street is more difficult for me to understand... what does it really change? It changes you. What wasn't said is that during that short walk down the street you need to leave all your devices and gadgets at your house. Then, simply walk down the street and observe. Be in that moment of walking and focusing on all that is going on around you in that very moment. It sounds easy, and is a very zen thing to do but is a lot harder than you think. My mind is always racing with everything that needs to happen so that it's easy to become vapor locked. I take a walk outside and focus on feeling the warmth of the sun, the sounds, the visuals and everything that I need to do simply unfolds in front of me. It's hard to explain, but works. Honestly? Suck it up! I wasted 3 years of my non-work life 20s playing an MMO (DAoC if you're curious), and I've had more failed relationships than I care to count (in a good one now though). I could have let that sort of thing get me down, instead I use it as motivation. No matter what there will come a point where you simply have to suck it up, and that means doing stuff even when you don't feel like it or you can get away with not doing it. This isn't an insult to you, but you probably had it pretty easy your whole life so you've never had to dig down deep for intrinsic motivation. You've taken the first step of realizing that what you are doing now is not what you want to be doing. The next step is taking action to change, so get off your ass and get to it. I enjoy high altitude hiking/mountain climbing so I'll leave you with this quote that I think epitomizes willpower and motivation: "When I rest I feel utterly lifeless except that my throat burns when I draw breath...I can scarcely go on. No despair, no happiness, no anxiety. I have not lost the mastery of my feelings, there are actually no more feelings. I consist only of will." Messner on the first solo ascent of Everest While you're here :) I wanted to say that your book/tutorial is really well done. I was working through the 2.0 version and simply figuring out what needed to happen for 3.0. Thanks for the link to the 3.0 version. I'll let you know if I any problems or confusing parts. It's utopia in the since that pleasure is used to control people instead of pain. The basis of both novels is control. The people in power always want to control those who are not in power, and that is what the individual must always be on guard against. I look at TV as a type of soma. Imagine if tomorrow TV* was gone. What would people do? No longer could they easily escape from the things they don't want to think about. I'm guessing some would turn to drugs, but many others (I hope anyway) would wake up and realize their own reality and thoughts instead just what has been spoon fed to them over the years. * Like a lot of other 'drugs' TV has many good uses for information and entertainment. The problem arises when large parts of the population watch so many hours/day. That's the only experience I've ever had with Dell and I always thought their CS was fine ;) When you're buying 100s or 1000s of computers from them the level of service they give is much better than the person buying the single $300 laptop. "Sales" isn't that easy to measure. Sure, the sales person might have been the face to the other company, but were they the real reason the sale closed? I've written a bunch of small pieces of software for my current company and many new clients have said the only reason they picked my company over a competitor was my value add software. Did I see any of the sale commission? Nope. I think anyone who is in the HN environment has already realized that the people and, likely more importantly, the ability to execute* is the #1 secret in a successful startup. People outside the HN circle don't understand this though. I have friends who are still looking for that perfect idea and then they'll start working on something on the side. I just don't see it working that way, instead you keep working on the side until you morph whatever you have into that perfect idea. *Execution really is king, but is greatly helped by being smart and fast. Basically if you have all three you can take a whim idea do it quickly and see 'what if.' The faster that someone can iterate through that process the more chances they can give themselves at finding a good business. Who do you think is more likely to spend money in a way that not only transfers but creates more wealth. The government or a business owner? As an aside, what do you think top owners/earners do with their money? Hint, they are not stuffing it in their mattresses. Sentiment plays a huge part of any economy. Whether or not it's true, the overall sentiment is that Obama is bad for business. This leads businesses to hoard cash, not hire, and in general prepare for the worst. The only thing businesses, the market and the economy in general hate more than bad news is unknowns. That article sounds like politics in general is bad for business with which I agree. I think government works best when it's basically staying out of the way and keeping the rule of law intact. Obama is the President so it's easier to say him rather than the current government in general. As it stands there are many uncertainties around new regulations and costs (healthcare, taxes, potential cap and trade). I'm not saying I agree or disagree with any of them, but business hates uncertainty. It's hard to play the game if the rules are constantly changing. Here is more detail of the study in the original article http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/07/13/small-business-conf... "Owners do not trust the economic policies in place or proposed and are distressed by global and national developments that make the future more uncertain," the NFIB said. ... "Nine out of ten small businesses reported that all of their credit needs were met last month, according to the NFIB report. Just six percent of owners said 'finance' was their single most important problem. Rather, poor sales, taxes and government red tape took the top three spots." The OP said business owners and top earners. Wikipedia says that in 2006 the median income in the US was $32,140. I'm going to guess that most here on HN are making more than that (and some probably much much more). It's easier to look up towards the people making millions of dollars and miss that statistically you could also be considered one of those top earners. Are you ready to give up huge portions of your income to the government and let them decide how to spend it? I think the recent hoopla over the financial reform bill and how it shut out small investors from investing in a startup shows how disconnected the policy makers are with reality. Are those the people you want making decisions on the next startup to fund? Even though they revised the bill, they kept the net-worth requirement of $1M excluding ones primary residence. http://www.angelcapitalassociation.org/resources/public-poli... Rails 3RC works pretty well, but you should stick with latest Ruby 1.8.7 for now. If you're having any gem issues make sure you're using ones from --pre since those will have likely have the changes required for the new rails. Bundler does a pretty good job at handling this for you though. Android and the N1 are a good combo. My problem with your statement is that other than activation the iPhone doesn't ever have to be plugged into a computer. Your example only shows that iPhone support on Linux is a not perfect, not that a computer is required. I download music and apps all the time directly to the phone, no computer required. My contacts, calendars and emails are all synced to the Google cloud that then syncs back to my mac. I got CS degree from a liberal arts school. I really considered it the best of both worlds. I enjoyed the art, music, and other arts classes I had to take, and I think they kept me from getting burned out on math/science. I feel that I received a very good education for the money I paid. I agree with you. I remember getting my first job beyond cutting grass. I had gone out and dropped off resumes at all the grocery stores, etc... I came home and told me Dad I tried and needed to wait. He asked me what I did and told me to get back up and go back to each store, but this time ask politely for the store manager and hand him my application. First place I went back to and handed the manager my resume hired me on the spot starting the next day. It taught me an important lesson about really looking for the job and putting the proper effort in. And yea, get a job doing something while you look. I haven't been jobless since before my first job at 15. Depression? Grow up. It would depress me to sit at my house all day for 2 months while borrowing money from my friends to pay the rent. How would some side work suck up all your energy? It's not like you have to think to serve fries, stock shelves or wait tables. Working crap jobs is the best motivator I've ever had to do better for myself. Never done it? I've had a job of some sort since I was 15. I worked overnights while in HS stocking shelves in addition to landscaping during the days in the summer. I put myself through college waiting tables so when I graduated I had Come up with all the excuses you want, but at the end of the day you're still mooching off your friends when you're perfectly capable of doing some job while you look for more work. IMHO, that's not acting like an adult. Define 'rich.' Most of my public place time is in a local coffee shop where I know everyone (owner, employees, other customers) and they know me. I can leave my stuff there no problem and if I need to leave to run an errand I can pack my stuff up and leave it behind the counter. In unfamiliar public places I generally will pack up completely. It only takes a second for someone to steal your stuff and that's the last thing I need :) I'm in the US and can only get 1 bar to drop. Overall the i4 signal is much much better than the 3GS though. AT&T uses 2 different frequencies from what I understand so I'm wondering if one is more impacted than the other? You can add a 3rd person to your analysis. I've had the iPhone 2G then the 3GS and now the 4 and the 4 has the best signal of the 3 by far. In my experience all the cell phone companies in the US suck. Go to any of their message boards and you'll see the same complaints over and over. The nature of Apple tends to draw a lot of hype from both sides and that certainly spills over to AT&T. Personally, I had zero problems with AT&T when I lived in the south east. When I moved to Denver I just happened to move into a dead zone and would lose calls constantly. I used the mark the spot app and complained a few times and they apparently did something on their end to the point where I can't remember the last time I dropped a call now. If I start with full bars it's hard to lose a bar at all because of the 20db drop and how the bars are calculated. When I start with less than full bars the most I can get to drop is a single bar. I've never been able to replicate the youtube video even in areas with a weak signal. My guess all along has been that yes you can get a 20db drop in signal with touch, but that also some phones from the early batches had manufacturing defects. Combine the two (plus the software that showed more bars than you really had) and you can get the go from 5 full bars to no signal problem. I just got an iPhone4 so obviously that would be my recommendation. I don't think you could go wrong with it or one of the new Android phones. Since you're already on AT&T and don't mind staying I wonder if you could buy one phone and try it out for a couple weeks and then take it back and try another. That's the only way to really find out about each (Android vs. iOS) since most discussion on the internet about them has reached emacs vs. vi level. When I used to work in an office we had this kid who worked with us who I don't think washed his clothes ever. He would have stains on his shirts and pants and was just generally disgusting. We finally had to tell him that he needed to clean up. His clothes are now cleaner, but he's still pretty dirty. It's especially noticeable right after a new game comes out that he spends all night playing (WoW, and I'm told now SC2). I'm very OC about this. Anytime I eat or feel my fingers have become oily or dirty I have to wash my hands before working on the keyboard. Of course my keyboard still gets dirty over time, but not nearly as bad as some peoples I've looked at. Ligher roast coffees actually have more caffeine than the darker roast. The roasting process destroys caffeine. Alton Brown mentions this on the Good Eats episode about coffee :) Even then, from my additional readings on the topic the difference appears to be very small. I don't know about Linux since I quit using it on the desktop years ago. Someone responded to me a couple weeks ago in another iPhone related thread and said linux works fine with the iPhone - YMMV though. I know the owner of the local coffee shop I go to. His internet is locked, but he gives out the code to any customer who asks. I've talked to him before about giving away internet and he didn't seem to think it was a big deal. As long as he has people in his store he's happy because they will eventually buy something. He also has book readings on the weekends and recently started staying open later hoping to catch kids who need to study now that school is cranking back up. Last time I talked to him he said the night time thing was doing better than he expected. He is a bit more expensive than the chains, but his coffee also doesn't taste like crap :) Yeah, they just made that change a month or two ago. I'm going to guess that they figured out they were losing business to either smaller chains or mom and pop stores who were offering free internet. I just found this and it makes sense. http://coffeefaq.com/site/node/15 It seems the difference is very small regardless of which one has more. I'll have to check out both books. Good Eats has inspired me more than a few times to spend a Sat. afternoon attempting to recreate what I just watched ;) It would probably help to have something a little more concrete in front of me. Not only that, but you also need to stay at healthy eating habits past the diet. If you're cutting so many calories it's makes it near impossible to keep at it, much less adjust back up to a maintenance level once weight goals are hit. Calories make you fat. The problem with carbs is that they are generally very caloric dense and they are everywhere. Cutting carbs is an easy 'diet for dummies' way of doing it, but I'm going to guess that you put yourself in a caloric deficit by cutting out the carbs, thus experienced weight loss. Just for reference, I eat a ton of carbs are part of my total P/F/C intake and am still cutting down with a goal of 9% BF. The problem with many of these types of books is that the science behind them is very weak. Here is an article where Alan Aragon looks at the problems with the glycemic index (I know you didn't mention it, but it shows the problems with many studies dealing with food). http://alanaragon.com/elements-challenging-the-validity-of-t... I know I've read an article from him dealing with no carb, but I can't seem to find it right now :/ Here is a good article from Alan Aragon about the GI. http://alanaragon.com/elements-challenging-the-validity-of-t... Unlike most books out there, he includes all his pubmed references. Obviously if you're fructose intolerant you need to avoid it, but HFSC isn't the evil it's been painted to be. I like reading this guys blog because it's no nonsense nutritional information with ALL his sources. http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/01/29/the-bitter-truth-ab... And there's the problem. Most people don't drink just coffee, but instead some bastardized triple caramel pump, white chocolate mocha espresso. For the record I like my coffee black (mmm espresso) and maybe a little milk :) Up your calories. Since you're a vegetarian keep eating tons of veggies (snack on them all day if you can), actually everyone should take this advice. Eat nuts, great source of cals, good fat and healthy. Personally I like something better than peanuts. Find a whey protein powder that you like. This will require some trial and error. Drink a serving post workout. In a pinch, chocolate milk will work fine. http://www.bodyrecomposition.com/muscle-gain/an-objective-co... I have found Muscle Milk to taste the best, but it's not cheap. Take a look at www.trueprotein.com for a good deal on protein, but you have build your own mix. If you get unflavored whey you can mix it with all sorts of things to simply up the protein content. Something to think about. Finally, if you're still not gaining weight drink milk. The classic bulk was to drink 1/2 gallon or more/day in addition to your regular meals. I promise you'll start putting on weight then :) One more thing, check your workout. Get a book like New Rules of Lifting or Huge in a Hurry to get a set of great professionally made workouts that will last nearly a year. Intermittent fasting with nutrient timing: http://www.alanaragon.com/an-objective-look-at-intermittent-... It seems that the research points that body comp levels are either unchanged or lead to more fat with the more meals/per day. The benefit of spreading out calories has to do with satiety and hunger not the gaining of fat. From the well researched article summary: § A haphazard/randomly variable meal frequency, not necessarily a lower frequency, negatively impacts thermogenesis, blood lipids, and insulin sensitivity. § Within a day, a higher frequency has no thermodynamic advantage over a lower frequency under controlled conditions. § The majority of controlled intervention trials show no improvement in body composition with a higher meal frequency. Sigh. So much misinformation in this thread. The main person who champions that fructose interferes with satiety is a guy named Lustig. Here some real research is placed up against Lustig's claims: http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/01/29/the-bitter-truth-ab... and http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/02/19/a-retrospective-of-... From the article: "Hold on a second…Lustig is forgetting that most fructose in both the commercial and natural domain has an equal amount of glucose attached to it. You’d have to go out of your way to obtain fructose without the accompanying glucose. Sucrose is half fructose and half glucose. High-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) is nearly identical to sucrose in structure and function. Here’s the point I’m getting at: contrary to Lustig’s contentions, both of these compounds have substantial research showing not just their ability to elicit an insulin response, but also their suppressive effect on appetite [3-6]. But wait, there’s more. In studies directly comparing the effect of fructose and glucose preloads on subsequent food intake, one showed no difference [7], while the majority have shown the fructose preload resulting in lesser food intake than the glucose preload [8-10]. A recent review of the literature on fructose’s effect on satiety found no compelling case for the idea that fructose is less satiating than glucose, or that HFCS is less satiating than sucrose [11]. So much for Lustig’s repeated assertion that fructose and fructose-containing sugars increase subsequent food intake. I suppose it’s easier to sensationalize claims based on rodent data." Insulin is not evil. Studies have shown that proteins elicit the same insulin response. http://www.weightology.net/weightologyweekly/?page_id=319 Man, that sucks. I grew up and lived in Charleston for years before moving to the Denver area (I'm planning to move back next year...yes it's that nice there :)). Like you I also got screwed (though not as bad) by my potential co-founder. He flaked out after I moved here, but luckily I hadn't quit my job yet. There are not that many tech companies in Charleston. I'm curious who exactly were you working for. The situation sounds a bit shady and right up the alley of a couple of companies I know of there. I'm not sure if it's equivalent, but setting up the iPhone to treat your Gmail account as an Exchange Active Sync account gives the iPhone most of the cloud push features (Mail/Calendar/Contacts). I can add a contact on my iPhone that syncs OTA to Google that then syncs to my mac address book. Google voice texting and messages don't integrate perfectly yet, for example if I get a GV text on my iPhone and read it it doesn't show read in GV on the web (unless of course I use the GV app/html5 site to read it). Also contact groups do not sync from Google Contacts. 55-45 is pretty close to equal. His comment still stands that get it would be hard to find straight fructose. In addition, I'm not sure how 55-45 invalidates any of his argument, mainly that glucose is always around with the fructose. Really? I love solving problems, and I'm lucky enough to get paid to solve problems for other people. Often times the solution requires software, sometimes it doesn't. The thing is, if I was able to quit working today I would still look for problems to solve. Sure they may be different problems, but I would still be working even in retirement. I think you're going to see a lot of people work their entire lives because a) they really do enjoy it and b) as long as you have your brain you can keep doing knowledge work. It's not like any of us are digging coal out the ground to the point where our bodies break down. I never understood how anyone could believe the priced out forever argument. A friend tried to argue it to me, but could never explain if everyone is priced out then who is left to buy? It just never made any sense to me even at the high point of the bubble. I was successful at keeping 2 of my friends from making horrible financial decisions, but a third went ahead anyway. Now she's stuck owning a crappy apartment with an upward adjusting mortgage. I'm roughly your same age and have similar exposure to the internet, but have no problems reading a GOOD book or watching a GOOD long movie. Content used to be hard to find. Either you had to get a recommendation from someone for a book or watch whatever happened to be on TV. This led to a lot of mindless consuming of stuff that people simply did not enjoy, but it was all they had. The internet has made me (and many others) acutely aware of the back button. If you don't like the content you can move on since there is so much else out there to pick from. I now view books and movies the same way. If I don't like a movie I simply turn it off and pick another or go do something else. I do the same thing with books. If I'm not into it after 50 or so pages then I put it down and try something else. Why force myself through content that I don't enjoy? I take fish oil capsules now and don't care for the fish burps that can come later even when I take them in the middle of a meal as opposed to after. I couldn't imagine just downing a spoonful of the stuff :) And it shouldn't impede you as an adult. Everyone does stupid stuff as kids and a lot do even more stupid stuff while in college as young adults. I've never known a job to DQ people because of something they did at a young age that could be considered stupid kid stuff. Even government jobs don't care as long as you're up front about it. My company paid for my grad school and let me build my work schedule around classes and big assignments. This is what I thinking about #2. Given FBs currently available event setup and organization tools it would seem trivial for them to simply make it more prominent. I guess there are people not on FB, but are those people going to be on this new service? This is what I do, although it took some practice. Not only did I like trying to optimize something like a flight, but I was also competitive about it for some reason. Now I usually check flight twice depending on how far out in the future the trip is going to be. One time to get a base price, and then depending on the trip (and how many flights I saw while checking the base price) I'll book the second time I check. Do I end up with the absolute best price? Probably not, but it also means that once booked I don't have to think about it again. I thought this sort of thing was common knowledge? Searching and sorting a certain number of items under a threshold is fastest through brute force. The problem is figuring out what that threshold might be and then have the sorting and searching programs make use of it. I remember this topic being discussed back in undergrad. I have been wondering if others were noticing what the OP is saying. I noticed it on the last article about weight gain where I posted links to research and people whose job it is to understand and comment on that research showing that insulin is not some magic weight gainer or the boogey man. I simply got down voted, I'm guessing because the research conflicted their view regardless if they were based in fact or not. I still like HN and just understand that every group at some point solidifies its own social mores. >Seriously? You want to get into real estate in the middle of the biggest depression we have ever seen? When property values are still way over-inflated? Depends. In general when everyone is panic selling you want to be buying. Obviously you never want to be buying crap (bad stocks, bad property, bad anything), but the panic times open up great opportunities for those with cooler heads. Looking specifically at property many people still need places to live, but again it comes down to good versus bad. Should I invest in an apartment complex out in the middle of the desert, probably not. If I find a good deal on a complex in a city near a college, now we're talking. Rates are currently low and a lot of people are being forced into selling which makes many prices low. You can also look at the financials of a rental property and value it much easier than say a residential house. Examining a rental property is much closer to examining a business than pricing residential. Now, the above ignores the work that goes into owning rental properties. Depending on the income level your property targets you may end up spending a full day in court every month throwing people out. Does the owner of the property have the stones to throw out a mother and her kids because they don't pay? Then you have repairs and other complaints. You can get a company to handle most of this, but that does cut into your profit. A better comparison might be to compare countries in the EU to states in the US. Some states use the lottery to provide tuition to any in-state student going to a state school. I'm as free market as they come, but when companies are using a limited public resource (the spectrum) they need to be regulated. The limited spectrum provides a nearly impassable barrier to entry for newcomers and thus competition can't effectively regulate the market. Every country is different. In Tokyo I was through customs so fast I wasn't sure I was through. Last time I entered Jamaica I was shaken down. After going back and forth for a few minutes I realized it was a shake down and simply asked him "how much?" $50 later and I was on my way. To make a long story short I had brought a few gifts for friends who were meeting me there and the customs agent claimed I was bringing items into the country to sell. Um yeah, I'm selling 4 towels? In and out of Costa Rica was interesting. When I went I only took a backpack and surfboards. They didn't say much entering the country and only checked out the surfboard bag. Leaving the country they searched everything multiple times prior to leaving (once at security then again plane side). They were all very polite though. Admittedly I don't do a lot of international travel but I've never had any problems entering the US have always answered the 1-2 questions with yes/no and "I'm glad to be back." The problem with illegal prostitution and drugs for that matter is that since they are illegal a lot of other illegal activities come along with it. In the case of prostitution you have kidnapping, violence, and forcing people into underage sex (and from what I've read most prostitutes start very very early by being forced into it). If the girl is already doing something illegal and gets beat by her pimp what is she going to do? Pimps prey on this thought that there is nothing she can do. Drugs are similar in that by making them illegal you bring in gangs, guns, and even move violence. If someones pot dealer screws them over what is their only recourse? Violence. You also have the violence of territory to sell on, etc... IMHO, the illegality of things like drugs and prostitution actually causes the social effects to be worse then if they were legal. I completely agree. Not only that, but users will typically deal with lots of software annoyances, but one thing they simply will not tolerate is late or lost email. And I have experienced the exact opposite when entering US. The agents have always been friendly and courteous. I wonder if it has to do with what airport you enter the country from. All of my international flights end up going through ATL. "I am not a fan of the iPhone because of its dependency on iTunes. iTunes is an overweight bloated piece of junk and I won't go back to Windows just to run it." You do know they will activate for you in the store and then only time you ever have to use iTunes again is when an update comes out? Now, this means your phone will not get backed up, but if you set Google up as an Exchange server all your emails, contacts, and calendar items are stored on the cloud anyway. On linux you have http://www.libimobiledevice.org/ which worked until the most recent update to iOS4. I'm going to assume they'll get it working again shortly. Doubletwist also syncs music on the iPhone. Then you can always download music directly onto the phone or use any of the streaming apps. Actually you bring up a good point where it's much better for the consumer because mobiles are so hard to upgrade. Joe consumer can buy the cheap laptop today and then pay an upgrade fee later to simply bump the processor up without having to buy a whole new machine. Sounds like a good deal for him. A coffee shop isn't a sit down restaurant so $/table/hour isn't a very good metric. A friend of mine owns a coffee shop and he's told me that most of his business is walk in and outs. He doesn't mind if people buy a single drink and hang out for a few hours (IIRC he said 1 drink/2 hours and he comes out ahead). He even has one room that groups can 'reserve' for an hour or two if they want to meet in a more private setting. Keep in mind this is a very local shop with great coffee, and he runs it with 2 other employees. His biggest complaint/cost/profit issue is the price of milk and how much is used in a latte. This is one of my big complaints about the app store too. I've had one user get a refund on my app, but Apple wouldn't tell me why or give me any way to understand what happened. All I got from Apple was the boilerplate, make sure you app doesn't crash etc... One thing Apple could do to make the app store a much better experience for developers is to set up some type of communication exchange between the developers and users. They could still keep it anonymous, but when Apple issues an update that breaks my app and then takes over 10 days to approve my 1 line of code fix I'd like to let my users know that it's out of my hands. I have also tried adding my direct email in the app and have never received an email from a user. Admittedly, I have a lot less users than you do though. You mean putting a dollar number on a human life? This is done everyday by actuaries primarily for insurance purposes. "Why fly to the moon when you can simply stay here on Earth and watch someone else do it on TV? Why run a marathon when you could drive instead? Why read a programming book when there's a perfectly good movie sitting in your DVD player?" I get asked these sorts of questions about a lot of things I do, and honestly I often don't have a good answer. Why do I keep trying to start a business? Why do I climb mountains? Why do I go to the gym? The best I've come up with is to prove to myself that I can because it's certainly not fun all the time. In fact it's often quite painful, but once you've tasted the elation of success it's like a drug and keeps pulling you back in. It's also the wrong way to go about because once you end up on the friends ladder it's almost impossible to cross the abyss. ;) http://www.laddertheory.com/ladderconstruction.htm Things are finally changing but slowly: http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/16/nyregion/16rubber.html "Under the agreement, teachers the city is trying to fire will no longer be sent to the rubber rooms, known as reassignment centers, where the teachers show up every school day, sometimes for years , doing no work and drawing full salaries. Instead, these teachers will be assigned to administrative work or nonclassroom duties in their schools while their cases are pending." Your long term vision is a good one and one that I have often thought about. Traditional schooling fails many of the practical and soft skills that are so crucial for today. Parents should be teaching these (that's where I learned them), but it doesn't seem to be happening as often as it should. Outside mentors can also help, groups like Big Brothers/Big Sisters as well as coaches, etc... would fall into this category. Well they don't seem to be doing a good job since discipline seems to be the most lacking quality in todays youth. That logical fallacy always bothers me especially in cases where experience and inside knowledge are crucial to forming an opinion. The people listed above all have experience, knowledge and are more qualified to value companies than many other people. Of course it doesn't make their opinions absolutely correct, but it does lend some legitimacy to the FB valuation argument. Life expectancies != a countries medical care performance. For example, no amount of medical care can overcome the US obesity problem. I responded to someone who attempted to show the quality of medical care in a country by looking at the countries life expectancy. The problem I pointed out is that many factors play into life expectancy with medical care being one of the many[1]. From what I have read obesity leads to many early deaths and people who are obese have a much higher rate of disease. The US is one of the more obese countries and is far more obese than Japan. The difference in life expectancy could be attributed to the poor general health of the citizens and not to any difference in medical care. In fact, with how poor Americans seems to treat their bodies it's amazing that many live as long as they do. Perhaps it's through access to much better medical care than available in other countries? [1]Other life expectancy lowering factors that have little to do with the quality of medical care include murders. For example wikipedia states and [Japan] experienced 1.1 murder per 100,000 population, compared with 3.9 for West Germany, 1.03 for England and Wales, and 8.7 for the United States that same year . I use a method similar to yours with a personal wiki and the free Evernote. I get lots of ideas while in the car or in bed and it's easy to jot it quickly down in Evernote and then transfer it to my wiki later. I think your view is spot on. This was large companies engaging in collusion to artificially hold down wages in the labor market. The article mentions that employees should know their worth, but doesn't mention how? The only way to know is to either actively seek a new job and get offers or be approached through cold calling. This ruling clearly helps the employee. The second option, and the one the gov. appears to be attempting, is to keep home prices steady and eventually let inflation catch up. This stinks for people who want to buy because they have to wait, but looks good for the gov. in charge. I'm with you and think they should just let prices fall. I can't find the video right now, but at one point President Bush was asked why he wasn't doing anything to prop up home prices. He responded that it's giving people who were priced out the opportunity to buy so he didn't see the need to do anything. His statement was early on in the recession and eventually he was pressed to do something though. I mostly fly Delta and Frontier and telling jokes is a common occurrence on both. Are there airlines where this is forbidden? If you talk to people in the real estate biz (I too have been looking for a house), you'll find that banks have about twice as many properties sitting empty as they do out in the market, and they are trickling them out because if they put them all on the market at once prices would crater (which would incidentally trigger another wave of repossessions). That right there should tell you that prices are still artificially high. In this case banks are controlling the market to hold them up. By the way, putting them all on the market would not necessarily lead to another wave of foreclosures. If it's the government propping up house prices, kidly explain why prices are stable when there are ~300,000 homes in various stages of foreclosure: Foreclosures are primarily driven by the owners ability to make their mortgage payment. Current house prices have little to do with that ability. A lower price could prevent the owner from being able to sell, but that assumes there would have been buyers at the higher price. Seriously, what information are you basing these conclusions on? Prices have come down, but the government has done it's best to hold interest rates artificially low so that people could refi and possibly get out of the idiotic loans they took on. These low rates have also helped those with money buy houses at the still over priced prices thus propping them up. There are also government sponsored loan modifications that help to keep people in homes that they can't afford. House prices are 'sticky' on the way down by nature, but the government has helped make them stickier through all the help they have been giving. Historically house prices have been set by the average income of a given area (and in general prices raised along with inflation like salaries)[1]. This is because people buy a house based on the monthly payment that they can afford. Low interest rates lead to higher priced homes and and vice versa (as an aside the best time to buy a house would be when irates are sky high and likely to fall because the absolute price of the house would have to be lower for anyone to afford it), but what stays roughly the same is the payment. What happened during the bubble is that money was so cheap that house prices ran way out in front of most peoples ability to afford a house without taking on a crazy loan. Even in areas where prices have fallen, if you compare prices to average income you'll see that many houses are still way beyond the average persons ability to afford them. In addition to the supply situation you mentioned, if you also add in that many people have been permanently put out of the market with banks now requiring down payments, better credit scores, and conventional loans the demand side of the equation has also fallen (and may never return to those levels). [1] Like most rules there are exceptions, in particular location. An area where many rich people buy second homes for vacation purposes may not reflect house price as a function of average salary for the area. Common sense will tell you if you're in one of those neighborhoods versus one where the people living there work nearby. I was going to say just this. I think voice calls in general are obsolete. Unless it's an emergency, email or text me and I'll look at it when I have time. Your story is my goal. I don't need cars or giant houses, I just want the freedom to solve interesting problems and the responsibility of making the business decisions. In Boulder, CO they have a few red light cameras and huge signs before each intersection warning drivers that they are there. It still didn't stop the idiot next to me from running the light. I saw the flash from the cameras as he went through. I guess the point is that you'll always have idiots even with some sort of active deterrent. States and cities are looking for anyway to increase revenue right now. Expect to see more shortening of yellow times and increased law enforcement where fines can be levied. I would love to have an HSA that is completely portable that I could drop some tax free money in each month and save up for when I need to get healthcare (like when I had ACL reconstruction). IMHO, the fact that Obamacare did not expand on HSAs shows affordability is less important than control. There is no single reason, but [edit] doctors salaries are not even a large part of the costs even though they do factor in. Much larger drivers are over use of insurance, and the cost of malpractice insurance for doctors. By overuse of insurance I mean people going to the doctor every time they have a cough and expecting it to be covered and having every routine visit covered. In comparison, I have insurance on my car, but I don't expect it to pay for oil changes. Many people in this country have their health insurance completely backwards. They are over covered for things they should be paying for out of pocket and severely under covered for what insurance should really be there for, a serious, expensive and long term medical issue. When you think about a simple doctors visit and then the paperwork and manpower involved to push it through insurance it's no wonder the costs are through the roof. Many doctors have recognized this and now offer nicely discounted rates for people who simply pay cash at the time of service. "It just sucks that consumers are getting caught in the middle." Yes and no. If the rumors are true, the original iPhone was offered to VZW and they wanted to do their standard load it with crapware, limit standard features and then charge the customer to get them later, etc... game. Apple refused and they ended up stalemating. That lead Apple to then Cingular (IIRC) who let Apple have all the control it wanted, and even gave them a cut of the subscription pie. VZW and others still put extra crap on phones [1], but at least it seems it's getting better. [1] http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/technology/2010/07/android-j... I've driven very nice cars, drank super expensive wine, and done other things that cost lots of money. They were fun for a short period of time, but were not lasting. Time is what I want. I want to be able to do what I want when I want to do it. If the waves are good I want to surf, if I find a cool OSS project I want to work on it. IMHO, that is where real pleasure comes from. All people who create things, whether it's a website or a screenplay, do it for the love of creating that thing. How do you know this? Is there some research to back this up or have you talked to everyone who creates things? Motivation (and conversely demotivation) comes from all sorts personal factors. "Love of creating" is just one of many factors that drive people to do what they do. Great job! You found a niche and ran with it. I'm not an iTunes hater since I use it all the time, but it does have it's issues. The primary issue is that it is SLOW. I have an i7 MBP that everything flies on except iTunes. Now, to be fair iTunes seems to work fine when just playing music. I have a decent library (30GBs +) that it handles okay. The problems arise when doing anything else with iTunes like podcasts, movies, updating apps, or anything having to do with ITMS. Apple has made iTunes the centerpiece of their entire ecosystem. One would think that they would have at least tried to optimize it while throwing everything and the kitchen sink in featurewise. I've always thought that life expectancy was a poor measure of health care quality. My reasoning is simple, the US is the most obese country in the world, and obesity is known to cause numerous health problems and shortens life expectancy. The health problems and shortening of life expectancy ends up having very little to do with poor health care quality (poor health education maybe). I wonder if an argument could be made that given the USs propensity towards unhealthy lifestyles that the US is in fact great at healthcare because the life expectancy is as high as it is? Finally, the best measures I've seen to date on healthcare quality are looking at individual outcomes. For example, if you get prostate cancer what are the odds of living in the US versus other countries. I can't find the exact article now, but various countries do better at various health issues with the US leading many of them. http://www.webmd.com/cancer/news/20080716/cancer-survival-ra... The highest survival rates were found in the U.S. for breast and prostate cancer, in Japan for colon and rectal cancers in men, and in France for colon and rectal cancers in women, Coleman's team reports. I'm going to agree with you 100%. Word and PPT do not matter if the format changes a bit or whatnot (this already happens between different versions of Office). If you need to create a document that keeps perfect formatting, then you need to output in something like PDF. Excel is a completely different beast that has so many features it's very hard to cover them all for all users. A big one we use is using Excel as the front end to MSAS. Normally we would have had to design some user/reporting interface, but instead we were able to use Excel pivot tables to access the data directly on the server. Since all of the analysts are already familiar with Excel and its pivot table interface I just had to show them how to to point it to our MSAS instance. You have to wait weeks/months to have a surgery, but you have to do that in the US There are many things messed up about healthcare in the US, but I've never had to wait for it. I had an emergency appendicitis surgery and from when I went to the doctor to when I was put under was about 2 hours. I've also had a non-emergency knee surgery (replaced ACL). I went to the doctor one day and had an MRI that same day. I had to wait 2 days for the MRI results, but when they came back positive for an ACL tear I had the option of surgery 2 days later. I opted for 2 weeks later so I could get work all set up for me to be out a couple weeks. Now, I have insurance and paid a bit here and there out of pocket, but waiting for care is one thing I didn't do. This is no argument to be made about the US having great health care. I don't know how a place where a random illness can wipe out your and your family's finances can even be considered first world. I didn't claim anything and simply wondered aloud. Also, the article was about life expectancy and quality of healthcare and spoke nothing about costs. Your statement does bring up another question. Would that same hypothetical family prefer to have their finances ruined or have their loved saved from some random illness? Of course the best solution is perfect care at zero cost, but I think we can agree that it is impossible. If the US is actually getting better health outcomes than other systems perhaps the cost is worth it? And to address your specific claim, I've always thought that the government should provide health related catastrophic fallback insurance similar to the way they do for floods. I don't think the government needs to be involved in the day to day healthcare or insurance matters, but I agree that getting cancer for example should not ruin your families finances. WM isn't all bad. In their effort to drive down prices they actually provide the least expensive option for fresh fruit, veggies, and other healthy foods that lower income people typically forgo because of the cost. Studies have found that when given less expensive options for healthy food people will pick it over the junk. I agree and think people are getting caught up with writing complete running code on a whiteboard which should not be what the whiteboard is for. A whiteboard is for writing pseudocode to quickly build algorithms, work on design or solve other 'thinking' type problems. It's not for testing if someone knows obscure syntax issues (there are actual tests for that!). In school we were taught to work through algorithms and other design using pseudocode and pencil and paper. Doing this also helped reenforce that languages are very interchangeable using the same algorithms and designs. I wonder if that is simply not done anymore in school? If you really want to keep wearing something similar to the five fingers over the winter take a look at some wetsuit boots. They come up your calf a bit, have a flat decent sole on them and will keep your feet quite warm. Keep in mind that your feel will probably sweat a bit in them, but that thin layer of water is what will end up keeping them warm. Example: http://www.billabong.com/eu/product-cat/225/booties#_ You should try some Nike Frees. They are very flexible and have the flattest sole of most athletic shoes. Other than the Five Fingers talked about above the Frees are the closest thing to barefoot without being barefoot. The first is having a separate bank account specifically for use with paypal. IMHO, this is crucial. Years ago some friends started an online business selling trinkets and they asked me about paypal. The advice I gave them and still give is to open a completely separate account for your paypal deposits. As as soon as paypal pays you, move that money into your real business account. This will not prevent paypal holding your money hostage, but it will stop them from taking money back out of your account. If you only need to use paypal to purchase things you can use the method above, but it's easier to just hook it up to a credit card. That is correct. The football and/or basketball programs at many schools support the entire athletic department. The schools can then offer many other sports that don't even cover their costs. Every time I asked a question I could split the difference of replies fairly easily, one group would almost be offended that I asked the question, told me "I just learn how its done the mac way", and offer me their sub standard solution, these were often fairly rude. RTFM! Now do you feel that your back in the linux community? :p Pain is an interesting thing. When you first feel pain, it's scary and, usually rightly so, is the body telling the mind to stop something. The problem is that in order to get better in most athletic endeavors, athletes must push their bodies into an area that often causes some sort of pain[1]. A couple things eventually happen. First is the athlete starts to associate pain with progress. This is actually a bad thing since pain should always remain as valid feedback and signal a person to think about the actions they are taking. Second and more import is that the athlete accepts the pain and deals with it. Like most things in life, it sucks a lot more until you know what to expect. For example, getting punched in the face causes pain, but more than that it causes surprise. Remove that surprise and even if the pain is the same, the athlete will now react in a more sensible way from the punch. For reference, I don't do any long distance (5k is what I maintain) running but have always played various sports, trained in MA, and primarily powerlift now (at least until the ski slopes open!). [1] After experiencing all sorts of pain over the years there are definitely good pains and bad pains. IMHO, it takes time and experience to recognize what pains are what :) You make a great point about recovery time. Many people incorrectly assume that if you finish your workout hurting then it was a good workout. The problem is that as you get better it becomes much harder to hurt and it becomes a recovery management challenge. What people seem to have anecdotally found is that more workouts which can be recovered from in a day or two are much better than the giant ones that leave you hobbling for a week. I think this becomes even more important where there are skills involved beyond only strength (like MA). So true on all accounts. I really enjoy hiking and in particular high altitude hikes. I get asked why all the time and my standard joke come back is "because it's there." But in reality I also enjoy the suffering. There have been many hard hikes where I could simply turn around and the only person who would know is me, but I kept going anyways. You're someone who can understand the feeling of simply focusing on your next step and having the rest of the world melt away. After dealing with complexities all day at work it's nice to do something so...simple. Climb this mountain or lift this weight (I also love powerlifting with deadlifts being my absolute favorite). When I rest I feel utterly lifeless except that my throat burns when I draw breath...I can scarcely go on. No despair, no happiness, no anxiety. I have not lost the mastery of my feelings, there are actually no more feelings. I consist only of will. -Messner talking about his first solo ascent of Everest You make a lot of great points. If we are to believe the rumors that Apple offered the first iPhone to VZW, but refused to let VZW screw it up it adds to your point about the carriers being the real problem. I have to wonder if that is still a sticking point and one of the reasons that VZW has yet to get the iPhone. Apple is no less ruthless with its control, but it exercises it for a different purpose: To deliver the most integrated, user-friendly, clean experience possible. While this is true, never forget that Apples end goal is also to make money. What Apple has figured out though is that by making great products that for the most part work, people will buy and buy and buy. It's almost like the carriers have decided that they suck and will always suck so their goal is to milk every customer as quickly as possible before they leave. Apples goal seems to be to get a customer for life, and they do a pretty good job at accomplishing just that. It does sound like from reading Gosling that Apple did this as a way to poke Oracle in the eye. The Mac has potentially become a large enough platform now that it seems Apple thinks they can leverage it against others. There is such a thing as overplaying a hand which I think Apple is dangerously close to doing (i.e. read their new mac app store rules). What did strike me about the announcement though was how nonchalantly it was made. I have to think this was on purpose given how masterful Apple normally is with their marketing. So that leads to the question of why? Was Apple in talks with Oracle that broke down so they simply called Oracles bluff? By the way, all of the knee jerk reactions have been very amusing. Reading comments and stories about it yesterday made me think Apple came down and removed Java from every Mac in existence :) I'm surprised at the generally positive approach in HN toward Apple's recent announcements. Apple is about to have control over the user's system no one since mainframe-era IBM ever came close to. Not only they're about to move desktops/laptops into the App Store's walled garden, they are showing they can drop support for major technologies like Java or Flash if they feel like it. This is not good news for anyone but Apple, certainly not anyone calling themselves "Hacker". The problem is that you're jumping to some serious conclusions. Nothing about the mac app store demo showed banning of applications from a different source. You're assuming that's their plan, but I don't think it is. The app store makes perfect sense from an end user perspective. One of the great things about linux are the package managers. A central location with lots of software that I can install from AND get updates from. There is no flash on the iPhone for many well document reasons, so I'll guess you're referring to no flash on the new MBA. Given that any version of flash is out of date and a huge security hole as soon as it's installed, it makes complete sense to force users to go get the latest version when they buy their machine. It wasn't long ago that the shipping version of flash on osx had a huge security hole that made Apple look bad. What I would like to see if Apple let Adobe put their flash player into the new mac app store. This lets Adobe manage the updates like any other 3rd party developer. As a 'hacker' I look at what is. Right now my MBP works great and has all the support I need. If Apple does end up going down the path of locking out all other software and/or the ability to hack and develop I'll switch back to linux. At this point though, it's much ado about nothing. I used to know a guy just like this. He had a PhD in physics, but was a bartender for a couple years while he did his own thing. Now he's part of some research group. I was thinking the same thing although current app store rules would seem to disallow installing something like flash and Java. I really hope that Apple does end going this way and let 3rd parties manage their libraries in this manner. I always have water next to me. I go through liters/day, more on gym days. I enjoy good coffee. Straight espresso is my favorite, although I will drink regular coffee with just some milk in it. Maybe I'm odd, but enjoy savory/bitter flavors much more than sweet. Diet sodas. The regular versions are just too sweet. I probably have 1 diet soda/day. The fizz and little bit of sweetness seems to go well with lunch. Good beers. I love pale ales, but have been experimenting more with darker stouts. A local bar makes a great coffee stout that is very tasty. I also like wine and tend to bounce back and forth between wine and beer with dinner depending on my mood and current weather. Liquor drink of choice is vodka rocks or vodka tonic. There are very few perfect role models. I would argue that the best roles models are the ones who made mistakes, learned from them and then kept moving forward. People also tend to hear themselves in music. They hear the parts they relate with and block out the parts they don't. I hear Jay-Z and hear a story about a kid who had nothing, did what he had to do to survive and kept working till he made it. You don't even have to go that deep into his tracks to start getting a lot of good motivational lyrics. He has an entire song (with some Notorious Big dubbed in) talking about never getting lazy to keep working and 'treat your last like your first.' #3 - Jay-z is a man who made his money ruining the lives of thousands by selling drugs, and millions more by being a horrific influence. He is a man who has admittedly attempted murder on more than one occasion. He is a man who has used and debased women proudly. He is a man of many transgressions. And I could look past all of them if he did not glorify them so. So I'll assume you have been perfect your entire life? He raps about what he knows and who he his, and he wasn't perfect. If you have listened to more than a lyric or two off the radio you would hear him rapping about being young and stupid and growing up and maturing. Depends on what you use it for. I have 8GB in my MBP, but that's mainly because of VMware. I telecommute and put my own $ figure out what it's worth to me. When I first started I thought the salary was fair for what I thought telecommuting was worth. Recently I've been talking to my supervisor about a raise because now I feel I'm underpaid (and the article just proves along with my other research). The company also cut my bonus to a why bother number and raised my insurance costs. I love working at home, but there comes a point where I can't justify leaving so much money on the table in prime earning years. Since I've NEVER seen the government do anything efficiently, anyone who argues for more government is by my definition arguing for inefficiency. Cooking meals is a non-trivial skill, many people don't have the time or money to learn, they can't afford to "experiment" with cooking, because if their children don't want to eat what they make when experimenting then the children are going to go hungry. Cooking is easy. Saying it's hard it just an excuse. Get some meat, frozen veggies and potatoes/rice/bread and you can easily make a basic meal in 30 minutes. And really, you're talking about the kids going hungry when food is on the table? Growing up I learned quickly to eat what my mom cooked or 'go hungry.' Google is your friend. http://finance.yahoo.com/news/Nearly-half-of-US-households-a... About 47 percent will pay no federal income taxes at all for 2009. Either their incomes were too low, or they qualified for enough credits, deductions and exemptions to eliminate their liability. That's according to projections by the Tax Policy Center, a Washington research organization. Also, the irs.gov site has tons of data with various breakdowns. Well at the college level and beyond I think the instructors really should be more like mentors or personal learning guides. If I want to learn about a topic and have no idea where to even start a mentor should be able to guide me to the proper resources to get going. They should also be able to give me milestones and be around when I have questions about understanding a topic. In my scenario an instructor should also test the student to verify that the student did learn and understand the material. It's completely possible for a student to read something, work with it and still miss certain subtleties about a given topic. Wow, I'm so happy I didn't go to a large school. I went to a smaller college (www.cofc.edu) and think I received a great education. In many of my majors classes there were maybe 20 people in them max. Every teacher knew me personally and had plenty of time for each student. Even the larger lecture hall type classes (for example science classes that every BS had to take) only had 60ish people in them IIRC. I mean, what is the simplest way to prevent another 9/11? Steel cockpit doors and a communications shutoff between cockpit and everything outside. Another 9/11 scenario is going to be near impossible to pull off. Pre-9/11 hijackings often left the passengers with some hope of living through the situation so they would be docile and controllable. Post-9/11 passengers will not be docile and the hijackers will have to effectively control the entire plane with force. There is still run of the mill blow up the airplane style terrorism to watch out for, but that was around before 9/11 and will be around for long time after. The 'war on drugs' has had a lot of bad side effects. Look up the stories sometime of people who were stopped by the police and happen to have a decent amount of cash on them that gets confiscated because clearly it's drug money. Like with alcohol it always depends on the person. Some people can have a drink or 2 and think nothing of it. While others can't drink without going to black out drunk. I look at pot and people the same way. I've had friends who smoked and were the laziest people you ever met. They were lazy pre-pot and only became lazier. I've had other friends who smoke and they became super successful, quality people. A girl I dated in college occasionally smoked with her sister. I would give them grief about it, but turns out in HS they smoked every day with the eventually valedictorian of their school. Oh, and they both finished college with 4.0s in finance. Vicodin (another form of heroin) is legal If you're using Vicodins legal status (requires prescription) as a comparison then pot and cocaine are already legal. It looks like you're from the UK. Do the universities there have different policies than other countries? While in grad school here in the US one of my professors was constantly fighting with plagiarism from a PhD student at a school in the UK. It seemed nothing he did would get them to take action even though the student was clearly taking full rips from my professors published papers. While that is true on a federal level it is quite a bit different on a state level. In CO for example, pot is very simple to get legally. You can tell a doctor you have head aches, back pain, whatever and quickly get a pot card. When it comes to pot it is legally easier to get than an endless prescription of vicodin. At one point they had 'doctors' onsite at the pot dispensaries, but I think they may have recently changed that part. You are right that cocaine is more strictly controlled than either of the other substances, but the original point I was making is that you can't use vicodin as an example of a legal substance when it's not freely available. What researchers should do is look at the prevalence of black markets in states where pot is easy to get legally. In CO pot is easier to get legally than anything else other than alcohol or tobacco. I wonder what that has done for COs black market for pot. 5. Bluray is not dying, bluray players and discs are being sold in record numbers. Record numbers compared to what? Of course when BR uptake has been as slow as it was in the beginning it's easy to set records. I think the OP was pointing out that physical media in general is dying. Of course you'll still have the technobuffs who have 5.1/6.1/7.1 surround in their house and 100" projectors (this is where BR really shines and it's amazing to experience), but for most people convenience trumps the good enough that is current streaming. Even now I believe that Netflix has recently added 5.1 sound to many of their streams and I think they have started to stream some 1080p material to the PS3. For example, their rental policy for video is horrible. I have just stopped renting because I never finish anything. How is it that Amazon can have a strictly superior policy, but Apple's sucks? Is this 100% on Apple though? I know there was some hoopla awhile back before variable pricing came into play where the RIAA allowed Amazon to set lower prices than Apple with their goal being to get Apple to bend to their demands on pricing. Apple wanted to keep everything at 99c, but the RIAA wanted tiers and finally got what they wanted. I used audio as a known example of content producers playing Apple and Amazon against each other. Do you think the MPAA is any less ruthless than the RIAA when it comes to controlling and pricing their content? And they have a tough job. What if the story played out that customs/border patrol found ammunition falling out of a guys pocket and just confiscated it with no further questioning. Then a week later that guy blew up a building? It is their job to determine if someone entering the country is here to do harm. There are plenty of problems with whole airport security thing right now, but questioning this guy further probably isn't one of them. I don't know what's more surprising, that one small change is worth millions or that A/B testing is still news to some companies. Yeah, my company has been doing A/B (we call it Champion/Challenger) testing for years. I think this could work. If you make it something like 60 days that's not too harsh on new users, but will slow spammers down. If a spammer does wait 60 days and post an obvious spam link then gets banned they are stuck waiting again. The only problem here is a spammer that creates a ton of accounts and then uses them all at once after the 60 day threshold. At least you could before 9/11. Pre-9/11 I would have flown anywhere that was more than 3 hours away. Now I would drive up to 10 hours to avoid flying. I read this all the time on HN, but I fly relatively frequently I have never had a problem flying post 9/11. Flying out Denver I can get through security in 10-15 minutes tops. The biggest domestic problems I have had have either been delays at the giant airports (ATL for example) or a single long security line at small airports in BFE. I've been stopped twice for forgetting to leave my money clip in the car (it has a small knife on it). The TSA guy was polite and simply asked if I wanted to throw it away or mail it back to myself. Both times I paid the $10 to mail it back since it was a gift and is engraved. After filling out the paperwork they then put me through the express line so I wouldn't be delayed any further. For a mistake that was clearly on my part they were beyond reasonable. The biggest issue I've had in the last 10 years was getting shaken down by customs in Jamaica. Third world countries, fun stuff. I'm sure there are people who have issues while trying to fly, but I don't think it's as widespread as people like to believe. I recently spoke to a friend of mine who happens to be an executive who travels 3 weeks of each month. She has had zero problems from a security standpoint, with delays from weather being her biggest complaint. I once worked at company that employed a lot of hourly wage type people. One exec wanted to stack rank each group of wage employees each month and fire the bottom 25%. I tried to explain to him the negative morale effect that would lead to lower performance across the board, the fact any employes who were decent would just leave on their own, and there is a significant training cost for each new employee that he was ignoring. But nope, he wanted me to write the system anyway. Thankfully someone higher up with a bit of sense got wind of the plan and nixed it. It wasn't too much later that the original exec was canned. While your premise is correct it's not always that simple. More indexes can slow down updates and inserts. A tables overall usage pattern needs to be examined before just adding more indexes. You might have fixed the 20 minute report query while slowing down some other more critical query that loaded or updated data. Maybe I missed it, but your 'pro' article doesn't link to the study that is referenced. I would like to see what kind of work the people were doing who were tossed. For example, in my experience most companies have way too many middle management. In that scenario it makes sense to cut no matter what so go ahead and use some performance metric (and definitely don't wait a year to do it). Then you have rank and file employees are are actually doing the work. Even in a relatively low skill position the company might have to put in 1-2 months of training to have an employee functioning. Unless the employee is completely horrible (in which case they should be fired anyway, and if this keeps happening hiring practices should be analyzed), from a cost standpoint it makes more sense to coach them to do better rather than remove them. In higher skill positions it makes even less sense to just cut the bottom unless the bottom is doing very poorly. In that case they should have been cut prior to ranking. Where I work now we don't expect someone to get fully up to speed until they have been in our codebase for 3-6 months. If we constantly ranked, fired, and hired again we would only have a few good people at the top end doing all of the work and simply churning money on the bottom end. We might find a superstar who displaces the top, but does that mean you want to fire your previous tops? They were doing fine, and presumably still are, until the superstar showed up. Again, I have no problem with ranking people or with firing people for poor performance. The problem is picking an arbitrary line and firing people who fall below it even if their raw performance is acceptable. But of course, people will inevitably spin this as proof that MacOSX is about to be locked down like iOS. I like Apple, but I don't think it's spin to see this as just another move towards Apple Electronics being only a consumer oriented company. The question is then what else will Apple consider not consumer oriented? MacPros? MBPs? Any device not running iOS? Apples secrecy and the lack of any sort of roadmap only lead to more speculation and uncertainty. This is what I do for building internal software and it may work for where you are now. Look at your existing roadmap and then get feedback from your customers (the ones who are paying for and the who are using the site). Take this feedback and incorporate[1] it into your roadmap. Now go back to work. I'm always apprehensive of 'Hollywood guys.' In my opinion there is just a much higher ratio of BS in LA than many other places. You should certainly talk to them, but keep your BS meter on high alert :) [1] You don't want to let your current customers completely drive your vision since their feedback is going to be based around their exact needs (this isn't always true for example when dealing with fewer but very high paying customers), but you should be able to use their feedback as a stepping stone to understand the bigger picture and if your current roadmap makes sense. Well other people were giving you detailed advice on your site (typos, A/B, etc...) and since you're the only one who knows your current roadmap and any feedback you're receiving you're the only one who can make the big picture decisions going forward. I like the idea and wish you success! I read the linked article and was immediately turned off the by narrowed minded comment under cons. Just because someone disagrees with the authors personal political ideology does not necessarily make them narrow minded. If he was simply talking about racists, bigots, and the like then you can find those in any city as large as Atlanta. This author based his idea on the post here: http://stu.mp/2010/11/your-city-sucks-and-so-does-mine.html I disagree with a lot of what the author said were cons of Boulder. In a pro he says good ski slopes are 3 hours away, but a con is Denver is too far. Huh? Denver is plenty close enough to Boulder to drive to for a concert or to see a professional sporting event if that's your thing. The cold really isn't that bad here either. Does it get cold in the winter? Yes, but it's not unbearable like Chicago or any other mid-western city. When the sun comes out it really does feel much warmer here. I was in Oregon not long ago and I had forgotten how miserable the wet cold feels even when the thermometer says it's not that cold. Now I gotta jet because I only live 1:30 away from good snow and it's opening day at Keystone :D Giving people impossible deadlines that they can only achieve by staying late is the same thing as just forcing them to stay late. That's awesome that everyone got a response. Years ago I interviewed for a company once that was probably a stretch for me, but I was totally honest up front about my c++ skills and experience. I wasn't an expert, but could get around and mainly lacked the things that come along with more experience. I landed a phone interview that I did fine on and was given a multiple choice c++ test from one of the testing sites. After taking the test the site showed me my score, a solid B+. I was actually kind of surprised how high I scored given the numerous 'did you memorize the STL api' questions there were. After taking the test I wait a few days for a response. Nothing. So the next week I emailed the HR lady and received no response. I called and left a message, nothing. I'm guessing they wanted an absolute expert at C++ which is fine by me, but the complete lack of response was the most unprofessional thing I've ever experienced. In fact, until I looked for a development job through a contractor, I only had 10 responses to around 250 job applications. I fully expect this sort of response, but when an applicant starts and completes parts of the interview process the company should give some response instead of disappearing. Software engineering is technical, sure, but it's not that hard It's easy for you or I or most anyone on HN to say that, but my experience proves that it's not true in the general population. Firmware updates break/change public APIs too so that excuse doesn't work for me. Even more fun is when public APIs silently change so scanning the change log becomes useless. It's a chicken and the egg thing. People weren't buying them because they were not competitive with other rack servers anymore. By using your logic Apple could just not update the MacPro for a few years and then pull line because 'people weren't buying them.' Apple created the people not buying them situation though. Maybe the same novelty that any other achievement based game like system provides? They don't provide anything but I was responding to someone who asked what the wow facto was. There really isn't any wow factor, but for some reason people are suckers for achievements. Just look at pretty much any video game today for additional examples. I don't have much MySQL experience, but have lots of experience with other RDBMSs. Large restores take a long time no matter what. They shouldn't take days, but since we don't know how large the events table was we have no way of knowing if a faster restore was possible. A hot restore which it sounds like what they are doing may take longer by simple fact that it's restoring while the table is in use. And DROPs (or truncates) are almost always used if the goal is to remove all the data in a table like you would want if rebuilding the entire system. Something like 100M record transaction is not generally considered a good thing. One of the easiest today is using universal default. If you happen to pay your water bill late then that tells me that you're having money problems so I can expect other bills to start to falter. Some CC companies will actually raise their rates on you proactively assuming you're about to default. I think that's crap, but it's part of having everything so connected. Other big ones that we found are simply changes in behavior. The person who pays their bill late every month is fine, and if they pay late enough to get the late charge even beneficial. The person who pays on time every month, but is suddenly late, big red flags. A person who suddenly starts using their CC card for groceries, but never did before is another example. People also tend to live near similar people. If you're a company providing a service to many people you can start to build models of neighborhoods. If both my neighbors foreclose on their house there is a higher likelihood that I'm also going to be running into money problems. I said it would make a difference. He said it made no difference. Difference in what though? Satiety? Hunger? Weight loss? The underlying method for all weight loss is to eat fewer calories. How someone accomplishes that is up them and may come down to personal preference. The conspiracy side of me says these lower resolution images were purposely released to try and calm the public backlash. I remember seeing much higher resolutions images when these machines first came out. There can be value in simplicity. Years ago I worked for a company that had to do a monthly teleconference with its largest client. The setup and hardware required was expensive and the experience wasn't even that great. It's a testament to how fast technology moves when now anyone with a computer can teleconference. 10x the price huh? Buy a copy of Windows install in virtual box and you now have Netflix. See how easy that was? The point is that NF can be made to easily run on any computer and that you are choosing not to run it. That's a different situation than what is happening with Android. There was a story recently on HN about a guy who splits his work hours into 30 minutes of work and 30 minutes of distraction. I still have my timer I used through college except I did 45 minutes on 15 minutes off. It works amazingly well for things that you don't want to be working on. Now that I work on mostly interesting problems the hardest part is getting into the zone, but once I'm there I can work for hours. It probably has something to do with what the Angry Bird developers blogged about the other day - fragmentation. They are having to make a 'lighter' version of the game for many of the Android phones. The iPhone is susceptible to a similar problem with the 3G/GS/4 out there currently, but seemed a lot easier to support than what the rovio guys have said about Android. You can always use fugitive which wraps many git commands into vim plugin: http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2975 I agree with you, and honestly there are already tons of graphic tutorial sites out there. IMHO, an interesting series about MMOs would deal with the server side, communication protocols, cheat prevention, client management, data storage, etc... Those are the things that take a desktop graphical client and turn it into an MMO. You plug it in into a USB port and drag files over to the mounted drive. I hope that's not the only way to get music on an Android phone because it sounds like a PITA. I don't want to pick through 30GB of music looking for song files to add to my phone. With the iPhone I have selected some playlists that stay on the phone and are updated anytime I plug the phone back into the computer (also works for movies, books, documents, photos). I never have to think about it beyond adding a song to the playlist. I can also tell iTunes to finish filling the phone with whatever music it thinks I might want. From what I gather it uses play counts and date the music was added the library. Great story! Those SR-71s were amazing machines in the air. On the ground was a different story. I remember reading about how they leaked all sorts of fluids on the ground because the body was designed to expand at the higher altitudes and speeds. Amazing engineering. The main point of the article was to pick the right tool for the job. The poster even mentions they are using EC2 for videos instead of wedging it into GAE. Of course Heroku can be easier if you're using Ruby/RoR, but again using Ruby means Heroku is the right tool. Heroku is useless for someone that wants to use Java or Python to build their site. At the end of the day a real entrepreneur doesn't care what's cool or hip and instead one focuses on the end product and how he can deliver it. I think location also matters. Where I currently live my UPS packages arrive in great condition while I've had FedEx packages look like they have really fallen off the back of the truck. Where I used to live it was the opposite. I don't even include the USPS in this discussion because they are SO bad at delivery. I know it's not packages, but I've sent checks to my bank for deposit that were literally destroyed by the USPS. The bank sent the shredded check back to show me why they couldn't deposit it. I routinely get my neighbors mail and they get mine even though I have put a nice sign on my mailbox with my full name. And yes, I have filed complaints with no response. I totally agree with your rant, and want to add more reasons :) First, saying that a couple of devs can turn around an application in a weekend completely ignores the years of software development experience required. Second, it ignores the the specific experience required to develop for an iPhone or BB. Finally, it ignores what type of software. I can code up a simply utility in a weekend for the iPhone, but it won't have any decent artwork or other niceties that people now expect out of iPhone software. If you look at something like Angry Birds you can see a fairly simple general concept that looks great and is executed perfectly. Something like that does NOT happen in a weekend. We're told to come up with strategies to increase the passing rate. This may be a valid request, but it's impossible to know without more information. If we take your total pool of students we can probably break them down into 4 groups 1) Intelligent and motivated 2) Intelligent and unmotivated 3) Not intelligent and motivated 4) Not intelligent and not motivated Nearly all students in 1) should be passing while nearly all students in 4) should be failing. It's the students in groups 2) and 3) where the teacher can really make a difference. This is where teaching styles, more/less work, etc... come into play. If a large percentage of students from groups 2) and 3) are failing then there may be some teaching issues that need to be addressed. Group 4) simply needs to not be let in the class in the first place. Not necessarily. Do you think most programs for a programming classes are written during the exams? What if a student passed every programming exam with an A, but never wrote a complete program and turned it in during the class? One of the junior class valedictorians (there were at least 3 girls, all very liberal arts focused I wasn't aware that a student could even focus on liberal arts in HS. When I was in HS there was some class choice at the high end, but every student had to take some sort of math, english, and social studies every year. Unless I've needed a specific language, like SQL for example, anytime I've asked a candidate to code on the whiteboard pseudocode has always been fine. probably due to communication This is key at all times, not just in a post hoc analysis. If a guy and girl are flirting and one takes it too far some of the responsibility does fall on the other to immediately let them know. When this communication is ignored is when there is a problem. For example, I was out with friends one time at a club and was talking/flirting with a couple different girls. At one point in the night one girl simply grabbed my crotch. She was obviously intoxicated, but once I told her that wasn't very cool she apologized and went on her way. We had been flirting for most of the night, but any girl who does that and wants to hook up the first night I meet them isn't a girl I want to hang out with. It does make you wonder how hard it would be for NF to offer the same browser to people on linux that they could use just for NF steaming? I'm not even talking about a plugin, but just distribute the whole browser as a NF app for linux. Some of the OSS purist are still against any closed source apps, but that doesn't stop closed source game binaries or other enterprise software like Oracle from releasing app that run on linux. Reminds of the joke...if you are talking to woman in IRC chat they are most likely a guy, the FBI, or John Stossel :) It doesn't say if they controlled for existing caffeine tolerances. Take someone who never drinks energy drinks and give them a full can of Red Bull and they'll be so hyped up they'll likely miss on tests like the one in the study. You actually touched on another issue with memory and information retention with respect to the current chemical state of your mind. If you study with caffeine then you need to also take the test with caffeine. Basically you want to come as close as possible to recreating your study environment for the test. Some quotes: "Mountains are the means, the man is the end. The goal is not to reach the tops of mountains, but to improve the man." - Walter Bonatti "When I rest I feel utterly lifeless except that my throat burns when I draw breath...I can scarcely go on. No despair, no happiness, no anxiety. I have not lost the mastery of my feelings, there are actually no more feelings. I consist only of will." - Messner on the first solo ascent of Everest I have never been to Everest (would like to one day), but I climb 14ers in CO all the time. Climbing at high altitude is simply the hardest thing I've ever done from a mental, physical, and emotional standpoint. Once I started climbing everything else in life just seemed easier. My personal rule is that if it's cold enough that I'm tempted to put a shirt on, it's too close to mountaineering and it's time to move south. That's funny. My friends and family think I'm crazy as I research all the things required to do a winter time 14er summit attempt. I'll probably spend this winter practicing my back country skills in general and then next winter plan the hike. I'm also surprised they sold. $212M is nothing to sneeze at, but maybe Heroku was looking 5 years down the road and not seeing the growth or revenue they had expected? It's also certainly possible the investors pressured the sale to get their money back out of the deal. Exactly. My credit union gives me points just for using their bill pay service. So I can get points when I use their CC and then get points when I use their bill pay service to pay on the CC. It even mails cashiers checks to my landlord for my rent payment and gives me points. As of a few years ago my school accepted CCs, but charged a $25 fee to do so. For a time you could buy coins from the US mint and IIRC, they had free shipping. People would buy thousands of dollars worth of coins and then go turn them into the bank and pay off the card while gaining all the points. That's a good point and reminds of a professor I had in grad school. I remember having this discussion with him over beers once and while he could explain how any algorithm worked (or figure out how to explain), he didn't really care. What got him excited was taking all these low level pieces and using them to build things that never existed before and solving higher order problems. While we're at it we should throw out foreign companies who create jobs here. Toyota, Honda, and BMW all have plants in the US...oh wait Someone posted this awhile back and it works great on the iPhone: http://ihackernews.com/ This is a great comment. I've always thought 'reading level' as a bit bogus and looking at the wrong thing. When determining the quality of content I look at it from two ways. Does content convey the idea the writer intended and does the reader comprehend the idea the writer intended. If I'm reading something I would prefer it be written as simply as possible. From a writers standpoint though this can be much harder than just explaining an idea in complex terms. To paraphrase Pascal, "I apologize for the length of this letter, but I did not have time to make it shorter." I like to think length in this case meant complexity. No matter how correct you think your schema is today something will always come up. Surrogate keys also give you a way to always have a single column key to use in joins and foreign key constraints. That's probably the best attitude to take since you can't ever stop the infringers. And if you do try to stop them you're only making it more complicated on the people who do want to buy your content. I buy lots of ebooks and music and the key for me is making it easy to pay for (Amazon and ITMS are great for this). I don't want to jump through hoops to give you my money. Contrast this with the movie industry who I think are setting themselves up in a way that's pushing infringement with all the rules around renting, buying, streaming, and NetFlix. For example, I see a commercial that a movie now 'in stores' so I check NF. If it's not there and I really want to see it, I'll check the iTunes and xbox marketplaces. When I can't find it there I wonder if they really want my money? They are pushing me to buy the movie, but I don't want to buy the movie I just want to rent it and see it once. I think they are pushing many potential renters to just torrent the movie because they have made it so hard to actually give them money. By this point I'm usually so fed up with looking for the movie I forget about watching it until it shows up on NF. I'm assuming that the emails *@gawker.com are people who work for gawker. Do they not enforce ANY password standards?? Good post, and exactly right. Look at anyone who 'wins' and you'll often see extreme habits. Athletes are easy examples to look at because they compete so directly and much is written about them. If you look at a Michael Jordan or a Tiger Woods you'll of course find talent, but also an unrelenting competitive drive that made them practice for hours and hours a day. Their practice schedules were/are not normal even for the professional athlete level. There is a good quote from a forgettable rap song: Losers make excuses, winners make it happen The author of the blog post made it happen even if he wasn't aware of doing it at the time. I don't think you came off strong at all. It inspires me to read about others successes and especially how they got there. Google "Intermittent Fasting" (IF). For many people the hunger pains go away as long as they don't eat at all for long periods of time. It can make it easier to lose weight because you end up eating less calories over the course of day or week. Personally, I can't IF at all because of my activity levels. Missing 1-2 meals for a couple days means I start losing weight which is not something I'm looking to do. Only as long as you need to wait to feel comfortable eating. With weight training I usually drink a post workout shake high in carbs and protein then within the hour eat a well rounded meal. Trying to eat right after very strenuous exercise can leave many people with a queasy feeling. If those same people wait 15-30 minutes prior to eating they can avoid the sick feeling. What you're getting into now is EPOC and used to be thought to be caused by HIIT. Basically, doing short bouts of high intensity exercise you could drain your glycogen reserves and raise your base metabolism (and thus calorie burning) over the course of 12-24 hours. This theory has been mostly debunked. Also, keep in mind that while depleting your glycogen stores may help your body focus on using fat instead of other sources of energy during exercise, it doesn't change the fact that the only way to lose weight is to eat less than you use. Too many people look at these studies (GI, insulin response, and HFCS immediately come to mind) as silver bullets. The only real silver bullet is eat less than you use. There was an article not long ago about a guy who only ate twinkies and lost weight by counting calories. Physically, losing weight is pretty basic stuff, but it's so hard to do because it requires a tough combination of mental and emotional skills and often requires people to change their deep seated (often decades long) relationship with food. Instead of Assange they could have done the 'anonymous' leakers since it's their information that is really on display. Also, given the criteria where is Osama Bin Laden? His actions have done more to change the everyday world for people in the US than any other person in the last decade. I think I understand what the poster was talking about. I live in a decent neighborhood where it's mostly on street parking. The way my street sets up, even though it is a 2-way street it's mostly one way traffic. This leads to people parallel parking on both sides of the street while facing the same way (it's a fine to parallel park facing opposite of traffic). When I moved in over 18 months ago everyone was parked incorrectly. I parked incorrectly for 13 months before one night on the last day of the month we all received $30 parking fines at 3am. I talked to a few of my neighbors and this was the first time they had seen fines given. I along with others parked the wrong direction for at least 13 months without a fine. So, either police never patrolled our neighborhood during that time or they decided to apply the law only when they feel like it, i.e. to meet their quota. Revenue generation at its finest! If you're right about not patrolling then that means they NEVER drove through my rather small townhouse community in almost 13 months. So much for police doing routine patrols. What bothered me about the whole thing was inconsistent enforcement. It's okay to park that way for over a year and then one day it's not. Enforcing an ordinance or law only when it's convenient (to hit a quota) for the officer makes me think the particular law isn't about safety but about revenue generation. If it was truly about safety it would be enforced all of the time. There are just so many WTF moments in this story. 1) Why are police involved with a kid smoking at school? Kids caught smoking when I was in HS got after school detention. 2) There seems to be zero respect for the police officer. At what point did kids quit respecting police and did the police lose that respect? 3) The DA actually bringing charges against someone who just looks to have been idly filming the event. Where are charges against the more rowdy people? 4) The judge letting this case go forward. Still, anecdotally speaking, as a Canadian I find the racism in America to be pretty breathtaking. White Americans, whether liberal or conservative, take it as a given that there's always some part of the city dominated by blacks where gunfire is heard at night and the cops are afraid to go. If you probe even a little bit you find that most white Americans, even nominally liberal ones, think blacks have lower capacities than they do. This seems to me, with my Canadian attitudes, like a shocking abandonment of a large part of your citizenry. Wow, so you just did what Americans are always accused of doing - paint large groups of people with one giant brush. True racism in America I think has shrunk considerably. The problem is that racism is now commonly used to label any not so nice statistics about any given group of people. Years ago when Bill Cosby pointed out that strong families raised better kids he was called racist. He was just looking at the facts that over 1/2 of the single parent families out there are black[1], and kids from single parent families generally don't do as well as those from a 2 parent family. When it comes to bad areas in large cities nearly every city has at least one such area, although racial groups may differ. There used to be places in LA where simply wearing a blue or red shirt will get you shot. This is not something made up or in the minds of white people. Even when I lived in a smallish city it had streets or areas that even police avoided. Heck, even my black friends avoided the area. I also strongly disagree that 'most white Americans' think blacks have lower capacities than they do. That's complete BS. I don't know anyone who thinks that, and I certainly don't think that is true. [1] http://family.jrank.org/pages/1574/Single-Parent-Families-De... I am surprised that people still buy them - what for? I really like the matchbook, clip type shuffles for working out. They are super light, pretty much indestructible and have a built in clip. Write some stuff on your whiteboard then stare at it and then write some more. Even business people will understand whiteboarding as 'work.' If you really want to impress them write some random stuff on post-its, stick them on the whiteboard and mention 'six sigma' every once and awhile. Thing is, I don't want a display. My current shuffle (2 gens old) is completely beat to hell (visible scratches and gashes) but still works great at the gym, running, hiking, in the sauna, actually playing basketball with it on, etc... I'm pretty sure any display would have been cracked or destroyed by this point. The Sansa clip is also bigger than the shuffle. I know I'm a very specific case, but for me the shuffle is exactly what I need. Overall I don't feel I did enough this year. I had high hopes of getting a startup off the ground with a friend/co-founder. After a bunch of lies and general not good things we no longer speak. It really put a damper on the year. Day Job: Wrote a payroll system for my employer that does exactly what they need and saves them millions annually in software fees. This was actually a pretty fun project dealing with individual state/country laws and other legal issues that needed to be codified. Learned a lot about Ruby while modifying ECHI converter open source code to work in my employers environment. Again, this saved a ton of money in licensing fees. Personal Projects: Learned obj-c and a lot about iPhone development. I made ~$500 from a small utility app. The rush of someone paying money directly for something that I created is addicting. Other: Deadlifted 510lbs at a bodyweight of 191 lbs. Hiked 5 14ers. This coming year I will get my startup off the ground even if I have to do it completely solo. I'd also like to hike another 5-6 14ers. Finally, I will hit my long term strength goal of 500/400/300 deadlift/squat/bench. I would have hit it last year, but twisted my ankle playing basketball and that kept me from making my squat :) I would wonder then if you were ever really friends. The people I call friends would tell me if I'm doing something that bothers them and then let me correct it (and vice versa). This is a common problem when looking at the US as a whole compared to many other countries. The US is a huge, very diverse place. When I travel to the NE, then to the south, and finally to the west coast it feels like I've been in 3 different countries. The language while still english is slightly different, the attitudes are different, and the people are different. In this environment it really does make sense to have less federal involvement and more local involvement since each locale likely has completely different issues. On the whole it makes much more sense to start breaking the US into regions when doing comparisons with other countries. From there we might be able to find the real problems and look for focused, local solutions. I got a 26, but I answered the questions as my current self and not who I used to be. If I had answered them as I was when I was a freshman in college I would have scored much higher. It appears that easting less is hard for the majority of people so that they look for other ways to eat less without saying eat less. Like most people you have waaaay overestimated the amount of calories burned during exercise [1]. To burn 200 cals in 9-12 minutes you will need to be doing all out sprints for that entire time and that might not even get you there. I'm in pretty good shape and did a real 1000 calories workout one time with a trainer friend of mine (he has a body bug which does an okay job of tracking calories). It took an hour of high intensity exercise and I nearly puked a few times during the workout. That's how hard it was. [1] http://www.fitsugar.com/Ten-Ways-Burn-200-Calories-1081158 The calorie counters on the exercise machines are generally not very good. They are like the scales that attempt to show you your BF%, directionally correct but number given is not very good. You hit on the rest of the equation though, specifically about what people think is high intensity. Vigorous biking means going all out for 12 full minutes likely with the resistance turned up pretty high. When it comes to elliptical machines they are notoriously bad at making people think they do all this 'work' when in reality it's momentum unless they turn the machines resistance way up. Treadmills do some of this by 'carrying' people along, but they are not nearly as bad as ellipticals. Boxing is very good, but really doing boxing for 10 minutes with a heavy bag is not easy. Notice how long the rounds are in a real boxing match and how tired the fighters are. Reminds me of the only other time I've puked while exercising was doing 2 minute on/1 minute off BJJ rounds. You should actually swap your warmup method around [3]. If you can do a minute full intensity with only 30 seconds rest then that would lead me to believe the intensity isn't as high as you think. Instead do 30 seconds full intensity with 90 seconds rest[1]. Personally, I have to do this on a track b/c it scares me to even try to run at a true full speed on a treadmill (I had a 5.0sec 40yd at one point in my life hah!). 60 second splits with 180 second rest is also popular. I can't find it now [2], but the original HIIT research found the 1:3 sprint:non-sprint ratio as a key factor. [1] http://www.intervaltraining.net/HiitTraining-30.html [2]Darn all the 'fitness' crap on the internet because it makes it near impossible to find anything a second time [3]To clarify - I would actually do a different warmup more focused on the up coming workout and do true HIIT post workout or on it's own day. The hotter you are the more you'll get hit on, guaranteed. I think it depends. I've dated girls that I think would be considered 'hot' and have talked to them about this exact subject. Many were not hit on very often or they were only hit on by the kind of guys that they would never date. The I'm god's gift sort of guy (think Jersey Shore TV show ugh). And no, having some drunk guy yell across the bar he wants to marry them is not getting hit on. Hit on would be a guy coming up and trying to have a real conversation. From a guys standpoint rejection is hard no matter how confident a guy might be. Even if a guy wants to hit on the hottest girl he finds, he may opt for one less externally hot in order to lessen the chance of rejection. Said guy may not even realize he's making this selection. Ah, well you didn't mention you were training for something sport specific :) The study I can't seem to find referenced most effective fat loss with the 1:3 ratio. When I trained BJJ/MMA a lot we did everything for round time which makes total sense from a sport stand point. The rational with 3 is simple. Some of the recent writings from people like Alywn Cosgrove and Lou Shuler (2 guys who I think know what they are talking about) have talked about how useless the standard treadmill warmup is for people. Instead they advocate people focus on dynamic stretching and a focused warmup prior to weight lifting. So if I'm benching that day my warmup might consist of shoulder mobility stretching/pre-hab and progressively heavier bench weight until I'm ready to do my work sets. Running on the treadmill would have done nothing to prepare my chest and in particular my shoulders for what was about to happen. If you love running on the treadmill before working out then go for it, but make sure to also warmup whatever you're working on that day from a weight standpoint. Also, since most people are time constrained that 10 minutes on the treadmill before doing anything else could be better used. When it comes to doing full HIIT, I simply don't have the energy to do it properly and then lift or vice versa. For example, when I dead lifted this week I did 365x5, 405x5, 455x2, 510x1 after my active warm up. I followed that with SLDLs, pull throughs and then some plyo work (high jumps, long jumps, etc...). There is no way I could do any sort of HIIT with the proper intensity after that considering I had a hard time walking :) On days when there is less lower body work I can sometimes squeeze HIIT in at the end of the workout depending on how spent I am. Generally I'll just mix in 1/6 mile sprints in between various upper body sets. My main cardio comes from doing various other activities like hiking, snowboarding, basketball, etc... It's not that simple. What the article describes is a very common problem with people who get healthy and lose a lot of weight. Their 'friends' often end up hindering their goals though often not on purpose. When I talked to a friend of mine about her weight loss the hardest part for her was losing all her other overweight friends. They would constantly ask her why she was getting up at 5am or eating healthy or training for a marathon and then would make comments that it's pointless. They didn't drift apart because their interests changed, she had to cut them out because they were holding her back. I think overall his post was spot on. There is an old saying that goes along the lines that 'you are the average of the 5 closest people to you.' This means if all your closest friends are losers you'll likely be a loser too. It's not mean or egotistical to recognize that people you spend the most time with do in fact influence you. It's also a good thing to remove friends that are holding you back. Sports stars probably need to do more of this. They become famous, make a lot of money, but keep hanging out with the friends from 'the hood' and end up all sorts of trouble. Another good example are people who lose a lot of weight. Whether on purpose or not their friends often hold them back. Losing all her friends was the hardest thing a friend of mine had to deal with when she finally decided to lose weight and get in shape. Not sure if you'll see this, but a great message board (sorta like HN for fitness) is forums.jpfitness.com. A great site with good, knowledgable people. Check it out sometime. Protecting turf is standard big company BS. By posting that you were hiring you threatened HRs turf. Most programmers by nature are pretty pragmatic so we don't see turf wars and often only see efficient solutions. Other people don't operate that way. I see this type of thing all the time in the bigco I work for in my day job. I hate it because all it does in get in the way of solving problems while people jockey for control and credit. I recently had to take 'HR' out of the title of an application I wrote last year that did a bunch of HR functions. The reason? HR didn't like that 'HR' was in the title because they didn't control the application. Talk about wasted cycles that could be used for something actually productive. It's amazing how many successful business types like SJ or PG recognize that people are the most important thing, and still the majority of high level managers view people as completely interchangeable cogs. I probably worded it funny, but I think both SJ and PG have said that people are the most important thing. They both have pretty been successful, yet the majority of company execs still think people are interchangeable cogs (except themselves of course). In companies I have worked in the best performing teams always had managers who worked with an attitude that their people were important and not easily replaceable. This held true from programming teams to basic call center employees. From my limited anecdotal evidence it's clear to me that people are not interchangeable cogs in the machine. Hiring similar resumes will not always lead to same results, but I'm surprised how many managers still think this is true. I don't know why Taubes gets so much play on HN. His science is bad and his studies are cherry picked [1] for whatever narrative he wants to sell. For a large group of people who usually are critical thinkers I'm surprised at what passes for real nutrition science on HN. IMHO, if you want to read good diet information from someone who not only knows what he is talking about, but also uses it in practice every day look up Alan Aragon [2]. I particularly like him because he is a research fanatic and understands the difference between high and low quality studies. BTW, I am in no way affiliated with him at all, but have read his stuff for years. [1] http://weightology.net/?p=265 -great read with LOTS of links to studies that Taubes conveniently (purposely?) ignored [2] http://www.alanaragonblog.com/ What do you think you have shown? Did you make sure to maintain the same caloric intake when you gave up carbs? You lost 30lbs so how do you know that your lower cholesterol was due to no carbs and not simply weight loss? Most people on low-carb diets end up eating less calories, thus weight loss occurs (pretty basic, but it doesn't sell pop science books very well). I agree that no-carb is a viable strategy to cutting calories in a not have to calorie count way [1], but I'm willing to bet if you simply cut your calories and kept the same macro (P/C/F) percentages as before your diet you would have lost the same amount of weight. [1] Going no-carb cuts out LOTS of the typical snack food that people eat and don't realize all the extra calories they are picking up. Are you a coder? Where is your billion dollar application then? If one is so capable of building something, why haven't you built XYZ and sold it for many millions already? The reasons already given - any execution HARD. Executing correctly is even harder. Executing correctly and better than the next guy is even harder still. To further your example - you are saying the architect who makes the drawings are worthless and its the contractor who pounds the nail that is the real builder. Not at all, in fact the architect is part of the execution chain. The just idea part would be the thousands of people that may drive past a river each day and think 'wow, a bridge would be great here.' The architect takes that idea and executes. Earlier this year VZW said they were stopping FiOS rollout and would only finish what they had already announced. Many articles have been making it to the main page that aren't really worth reading. To avoid those I scan the comments first and then read the article. Scanning the comments also gives me some additional background on topics I may not be familiar with. http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405270230341040457515... It sounds like working through the red tape in each community was costing them so much they finally said screw it. Dating sites done right are FAR more profitable than porn sites. That seems odd to me because if the dating site works people will not be coming back. I agree. Frozen veggies are great. The only thing I have read is to not heat them up in the microwave (supposedly it saps out some of the nutrients). Just get a cheap steamer and toss them in there. The best thing about frozen veggies is the various mixes you can get. I usually buy a giant bag of brocoli and then a giant bag of whatever mix I'm feeling. Anecdotal only, but a friend of mine put himself in the hospital once by eating crap for months. It was the first time he was the primary numbers guy on a multi million dollar deal and basically didn't leave the office for months. His meals consisted of soda and vending machine snacks. He ended up with some organ issues that put him in the hospital for a little while and when he got out he had to take it easy for awhile. Few basketball games are blowouts. The logic of sitting your best player(s) in foul trouble is to hope that your bench can keep the game close so that your best player can win the game in the end. It was Alton Brown who said it on Good Eats. A quick search seem says that 'properly' cooking veggies in the microwave is fine. Still looking for a definition of 'properly' though. I'm guessing it just means don't overcook as many people do when heating things in the microwave. Boiling in water seems to be one of the worst methods, which makes sense because the water can easily leach all of the nutrients[1]. Everyone does agree the best way is simply to steam them. [1] http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/250016/how_to_cook_... A recent study conducted in the U.K. showed boiling vegetables that are members of the cruciferous family, including cabbage, broccoli, and brussel sprouts, significantly reduces their anticancer properties. And MW specifically If you choose to microwave your vegetables, use as little water and as short a cooking time as possible to minimize loss of vitamins. That's simply a cover. No way he quit because of a salary issue. On top of that, no way he would have felt ashamed or poor at a cocktail party. I mean, he is directly speaking to the POTUS - likely daily. Many very rich people don't even have that luxury. India is no longer the place of cheap software development. The Philippines and parts of of the old Soviet Eastern Bloc are where the cheap labor now lies. That's a great quote! It ties nicely with others of the same theme. One of my other favorites is: "There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no really insurmountable barrier save our own inherent weakness of purpose." -- Elbert Hubbard Well in this case it really is an income trick. I have friends who do S-corps for this reason and the main thing they stress over is paying themselves a fair market salary. The guy in the article was paying himself barely 1/2 what a new grad would make so it's clear that he was well below fair market. If he had just paid himself fair market he would still have come out ahead and not had to deal with the IRS. If the author is correct and all Qwiki is doing is reading wikipedia and maybe some of the related sources then yes it is unbelievable that they have gotten funding. It also makes me realize that most of my business ideas are way too complex in an effort to provide real value. I throw away ideas like Qwiki because I wouldn't feel like I'm providing much value. I need to shift my focus to creating dead simple, but very pretty websites and see what sticks. :) Often the perception that code quality is so bad that a rewrite is needed stems at least in part from the "not built by me/us" syndrome That plus the lack of understanding of why the code is complicated. Corner cases and exceptions are a huge PITA. With apps on both the iPhone and Android wouldn't it be possible for his phone to poll the FB site in the background without his knowledge? EDIT I know 3G is encrypted. What I'm wondering though is if you ever let your phone join an unencrypted wifi network (say at a coffee shop) would it remember the network and then join again automatically the next time you are there? Use the rejection as motivation. Go build something that Google will want and have them buy you out. You get to become an employee and they end up paying you way more for the privilege of hiring you. I look at a place like Google the same way I looked at grad school. A place to go where you can hopefully meet a co-founder :) Where was a person like you the last time I was milling through resumes? I have all of those with my credit union in the US. Heck, every bill I pay using online bill pay gives me rewards points typical to what using a CC would do. This includes paying bills where the credit union ends up mailing a physical cashiers check. All of the above with no charges, although they may have a requirement to have direct deposit set up. I split my time between a local coffee shop and at home. I simply can't sit at the house all day so on days that I don't go to the gym around lunch I instead hit the coffee shop. There's a small group of older guys who work from the coffee shop and it's nice to have a little chit chat with them during the day. Found out today one of the guys is retired and worked at Bell Labs back in the hey day. Turns out he knows Kernighan and Ritchie and was around when those guys were hacking away to make C and working on Unix. Amazing the people that one can randomly meet. a) Only when it's super loud. I have headphones and like some background noise. b) I work at home 2-3 days/week and the coffee shop the other days. Sometimes I'll hit a different coffee shop, but not usually. c) It's a local shop and the owner has no problem with me or the other regulars that come in. I always buy a coffee and depending on the time a breakfast or lunch burrito (also home made by another local business - super tasty). I also helped her fix a computer problem the other day. There is something a lot different about going to a locally owned shop versus something like a sbux. That seems like the exception in the US though. It's the exception for banks , but credit unions are generally good to their customers. The few dealings I've had with BofA for example left me wondering why anyone would ever deal with them. At my credit union the people are friendly and when I used to go to a branch they actually knew me. If you want to work on grip strength by itself take a small wooden dowel and drill a hole through the middle. Tie a rope through the hole and then tie a weight to the other end. Now use your hands to roll the weight up and down. Another fun one is a modified dead lift. Your plates need to have a lip on them to make it work. Put a plate on each side of a curl bar. Now DL the curl bar by only gripping with your finger tips around the lip of the plate. Personally, my grip strength has increased the most from doing pulling exercises and dead lifts. I'm to the point now where I can DL 405lb w/o straps. I still need straps to get into the 500s though. Learning the minute details of weight training, nutrition, and other (important!) subjects is for marginal gains on top of a base level of fitness which the majority of the population lacks. This point cannot be stressed enough! I've been strength training for years and have seen way to many people over think what needs to be done. Friends who just start working out come to me with questions like 'what if I miss a rep on my workout' or 'should I use avocado oil instead of olive oil'? Huh? It's not that complicated. In fact it's quite simple. Learn enough to do the basic exercises safely and then...GO DO THEM! When you can do them with a certain weight, add more weight. Repeat. As an aside, a close second to the first point is to log everything. It's hard to improve if you're not measuring. The problem is the same one that comes up with diets. People are looking for an easier solution when there simply isn't one. The person who gets to the gym and busts their ass a few times/week will be way ahead than the guy stuck sitting on his computer researching the best way to do finger curls[1]. [1] And another pet peeve. Skinny guys doing 20 sets of curls. Please go buy a book like mentioned above and just follow a workout from it. If you're doing enough pulling like you should, curls can usually be skipped all together. "The things you own end up owning you" - Fight Club The book/movie takes anti-consumerism to a grand finish, but I think there is a definitely a continuum and that most people are too far towards the consumerism side. The real problem is that people equate having stuff with happiness. My issue is I look at people who have a lot of stuff and they seem to spend all their time and money on maintaining said stuff. Owning a boat is probably the prototypical example. Years ago I owned nearly nothing. My apartment living room consisted of a couple of deck chairs and a small TV. My bedroom had a bed and the office had a small desk with my computer on it. There is great freedom in knowing that I could leave and the only thing I would need to grab would have been my computer. My life hasn't changed very much today, except I would add my camera to the list of things I would also grab. Another thing to note is that it's not just owning things, but also the attitude you take towards what you own. Owning some nice things is fine, but you can't let them control your life. You have to remember that they are just things. That's an interesting point to the attachment of not having things. I might have been on that path until a previous girlfriend brought me back towards balance in the other direction. She convinced me to buy a couch and replace my plastic deck chairs. :) I was thinking more along the lines of how people act differently with stuff. A personal example would be my dslr camera. I purposely bought the least expensive that I could get away with, but still have the basic features I wanted (used nikon d60 if you're curious). I take it everywhere and use it all the time because I don't worry about it getting broken or banged up. Obviously I'm not going to toss my camera out the window, but I'm also not going to go nuts if bangs on a rock while I'm hiking. Things are just things. Contrast this with a friend of mine who bought a d3 (~$10k!) and a bunch of lenses that go for over $2k. He rarely ever uses the camera. It's like he's afraid to mess it up. In my mind his camera is owning him rather than him owning a camera. You are correct. Steroids allow the user to work harder and more often. Instead of being smooth from center to edge there is a small 'lip' around the outside edge that can be used to grip on. If you set it up right you'll be doing deadlifts with only your finger tips providing the grip. Does that make sense? Here's a picture of a weight plate with a 'lip.' http://www.promaximamfg.com/(S(smc4ibr3edzbljmooije5c55))/de... Unless there is a certain feature you needed a more expensive camera for (higher fps for sports photography for example) photos are much more the photographer than the camera. Glass is a much better place to spend money than on a camera body. The professional photographers I know or even the guys who just sell pictures on the side use relatively inexpensive equipment compared to what is available for sale. I went to a small state college (www.cofc.edu). I feel that I received a very good education in CS mainly because the classes were small and the teachers were focused on teaching. I just wanted to point this out because I'm sure it reflects my opinions on big-name universities. IMHO, if you can get into a Harvard, MIT, Stanford, etc... then yes you should go. If you can't get into the absolute top, then the school does not matter as much as long as it's an accredited institution. Given how most cell phone contracts are structured I wonder how many users have really used both. I'm not talking about phone geeks and the typical person on HN, but the average user. If a person hasn't used both extensively then whatever one they are using now probably satisfies them (most people are only on their first maybe second 'smart phone'). I have an iPhone and while it has some quirks, overall it works great for me. I've only played with some different droid phones in stores and my impression was that the touch didn't work as well as on the iPhone. Is my impression reality or am I just used to how the iPhone responds so another type of phone doesn't seem right? I disagree with the notion of holding back innovation around productivity in order to just keep a particular type of job (we shouldn't eradicate disease because then what would all the nurses and doctors do?). It might look like the right thing to do in the short term, but will hamper further innovation in the long term. I don't think everyone enjoys or is cut out for computer based or intellectual work and there should be a viable option for 'hands-on' people to earn a livable wage. There were probably lots of people not cut out for factory work when the shift happened from farming to manufacturing. The big difference here that I think most people miss is that it isn't the change from factory to knowledge that's the problem, but the speed at which the change has happened. This speed of change has caught many older workers off guard, whereas in the past the change happened over a generation or two. poorer access to nutrition Based on studies [1], the above is simply not true. Wal-Mart has for example given more people access to healthy foods at lower prices than at any other time in history. Fresh vegetables and fruits can compete on price with less healthy alternatives at WM. Now, this doesn't mean people will chose them over a bag of chips (they study claims there is statistical significant evidence that people do though), but it has removed price as a fairly large barrier. [1] http://www.thedailybeast.com/blogs-and-stories/2009-05-16/do... That's a good point that WMs aren't everywhere, but maybe they should be? You think the unemployed are mostly young? I would have thought that union type manufacturing jobs mostly employed older people? Or to put it a different way, manufactures haven't hired in so long that most of the people being displaced by layoffs are older. I would also think that young people are more likely to have a college degree and the unemployment rates between people with and without college degrees varies by quite a large value. Plus young people are generally cheaper to employ. Word doesn't produce a document that looks exactly like the document you created unless only open and view that document on the same version of word you created it on. Everyone, even HR/business types, inherently know this from their years of dealing with Word. In short, if your format messes up a little bit no one cares. I agree. I've been fortunate enough to work with mostly interesting people over the years where a few have become life long friends. I've also been to offices where lunch was dreaded because most people there you didn't want to have to interact with anymore than required. I don't need to work with best friends, but if I hated spending any social time with my co-workers I would find another job. London everyday at lunch is the biggest hacker fest in the world. I was in London a couple weeks ago and fixed that for you. No because until the public really cares, the cost of doing security right will remain more than the consequences of doing it wrong. Companies are also great at making it the consumers fault. Get a virus on your computer that steals your information? That's your fault for not having a virus scanner, yet somehow MS/Adobe/Whoever is mostly absolved. On a larger security scale look at 'identity theft' and how successful the financial industry has been at making it a consumer problem and not a bank fraud/theft issue. The fact that a lender did not verify someones identity should never be my problem yet somehow it is. I would love for you do that if you also exempt me from outdated laws that were made in the 70s/80s. The 'waste' isotopes are a $4B+/year business. http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123690627522614525.html The fact of the matter is that our outdated laws lead to a lot of waste that really isn't waste. The example of France in the article is very telling. What remains after all this material has been extracted from spent fuel rods are some isotopes for which no important uses have yet been found, but which can be stored for future retrieval. France, which completely reprocesses its recyclable material, stores all the unused remains -- from 30 years of generating 75% of its electricity from nuclear energy -- beneath the floor of a single room at La Hague. I think you're making as assumption that Gates cares about making more money at this point in his life. Based on his other philanthropy it looks to me that he cares more about his legacy as it pertains to changing the world for the better and very little about money now. The flip side of your argument is that if Gates thinks nuclear is the next great thing then why is he NOT investing in it? Personally, I would find it odd if Gates thinks something is the right way to go and didn't invest. It would signal he's not very serious about the issue. Apple seems to have a lot of odd processes with respect to code and development tools. One super annoying one is having to re-download the entier Xcode bundle (4GB+) every time they make a minor change. My point is also to counter the outrage over usage-based pricing. What is so unfair about the idea of ISPs charging per/KB similar to how an electric utility charges per/KWh? I don't have any problem with usage based pricing. ISPs don't really want that either though. They want to push users to a high priced tier and then hope the users don't use the entire bucket each month. Look at AT&T cell phone data plans for example. They used to have a $30 plan that was 'unlimited'. This plan really had a soft cap of 5GB, so $6/GB. I find that a very fair price. Then they changed to 2 plans, one for $15/250MB or $25/2GB. I bet they did some analysis and found out that most users use 300-500MB/month so they made the plans to push people into the higher plan with the hopes they would not use the data. If they were really concerned about high usage they would have just moved to a flat $6/GB (or something similar), but then most people would ended up paying $6-$12/month. In fact, just remove words. Keep removing words: This is great advice for all resumes because of the TL;DR problem. Professional resume builders, recruiters, and HR people have all told me the same thing - every single word should be there for a reason. Remember that the person reading your resume is likely reading 10s or 100s of them. If they see a wall of text they will just move on. You also hit on another point, be specific. For example, I would like to see your shortened version of ArcObjects in a quick points at the top of the resume and then very specific support in following descriptions. To the OP, so what if you used ArcObjects daily for 3 years, explain exactly what you did with that tech. If you can, use specific numbers (users and dollars tend to jump out). it's all about you you you and not about the potential employer. This is great advice. Every piece of software I've written for my current employers carries some dollar value either in cost savings, revenue growth, or employee productivity gains. While some are not always easy to quantify, I do my best to come up with numbers and make sure they are on my resume. A woman on my team works at home with her 2 very young kids. She has a sitter come in every morning and stay most of the day. I think this is the only way to make it work if you have a job that requires any sort of time commitments. The upsides end up being the same as most work at home jobs. You save time not commuting and you can see your kids at lunch. She's also there if an emergency arises. Another friend of mine works at home and she does something similar. It's funny to hear hear 5 year olds say that they can't bother mommy when she's in her office because that means she's working. Exactly. I'm far from a cave-dwelling nerd (sometimes I wish I was more of one) and am very interested in different languages and how they can help me view problems in new ways. Similar to living next door to a correctly functioning coal plant? http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=coal-ash-is... The result: estimated radiation doses ingested by people living near the coal plants were equal to or higher than doses for people living around the nuclear facilities. At one extreme, the scientists estimated fly ash radiation in individuals' bones at around 18 millirems (thousandths of a rem, a unit for measuring doses of ionizing radiation) a year. Doses for the two nuclear plants, by contrast, ranged from between three and six millirems for the same period. And when all food was grown in the area, radiation doses were 50 to 200 percent higher around the coal plants. Or how about eating tuna every day and ingesting the mercury that primarily comes from coal burning for power generation? Actually skilled blue collar type workers make a lot of money. If they also have business/management skills they can make tons of money. I have a friend who was in CS in undergrad until he realized that he can't sit inside all day. So, he dropped out of college and learned concrete (did go back and get a civil engineering degree). He's now next in line to own the concrete business he's a part of when the current own retires. Sometimes he works 12 hour days and he usually comes home dirty, but he and his family also have more money than they know what to do with. BTW, he's also that kind of person who can fix/build anything as mentioned in the original article. I apologize if my original replay came off a bit snarky. I agree with you that it's really a shades of grey issue. I certainly don't think nuclear is the end all be all of solving our long term energy problems, but it's also not the boogeyman so many people try to make it out to be. As far as pollution goes, my opinion is that modern nuclear is the best thing we have right now to bridge the gap to true clean energy (fusion, thermal, whatever). To connect this with your original comment, burning coal is like smoking cigarettes. 1 certainly will not kill you, but the aggregate effects of many plants (China was building 1/week at some point!) over many years is the real problem. The biggest advantage of nuclear that I see is that it mostly concentrates and contains the waste. If we fully reprocess (something the US can't do now b/c of laws) there will still be some nasty stuff to deal with. Even then, I would much rather have it that way instead of just spewing the nasty all into the environment the way many coal plants do now. 5-3-1 is awesome. I made some great gains on my DL. 525 1RM weighing 195 :D Doing Huge in a Hurry now to put on a bit of size and cut down before a vacation to Mexico. With Apple rumors are pretty much all you have until a specific product launches. Other things I've spent money on (that I'm happy with): heated slate floors for my bathroom - nothing like 85deg toasty floors when you get up in the morning; Benchmade knives; our latex foam mattress. Probably more things I can't think of at the moment. If a person does any amount of cooking a nice set of knives is one of the best things a person can spend money on. They make preparing meals easier, faster and safer. One thing that I have spent good money on is sheets. I spend 6-8 hours/day in bed sleeping so why not be as comfortable as possible? I think frugal people also recognize the importance of good enough. One of the easiest places to see this in action is when buying wine. Going from the $5 bottle of wine to the $10-$20 bottle of wine often yields huge quality increases. When you start going from the $20 to $50 and $100+ the changes are often barely noticeable if at all. Most things that we buy have a similar scale and the key is finding that spot that is good enough for the best price. Cops know they can get more out of you by being non-confrontational and mirandizing you well after you've told them everything they need to know to make up a very damning arrest report - you'll never get a warning. It's also easier for the cops to flat out lie on the police report once you start talking. If you refuse to talk and ask for your lawyer you have removed all opportunity for the cops to gather evidence directly from you and/or simply lie about it later. It's much easier to defend knowing you said nothing rather than you talked for an hour and can't quite remember just how you said something. Personally, I want to live in a world where law enforcement is the ally, not the enemy. I would like that too, the problem is that because a cop wields so much power one bad apple really does ruin the bunch. As a citizen you never know if you're going to get the cop who does his job well and isn't out to get people or the cop who is drunk with power and can't wait to flex on someone. I resist the idea that carbs (and HFCS for matter) need to be demonized. The article mentions peoples tendencies, but one tendency the anti-carb crowd relies on is how people want to find a smoking gun or silver bullet solution. The article doesn't really do much to prove anything since rarely did the elite eat the same thing as the peasants. Throughout history kings and queens usually ate much better than the peasants. This would include more meat, alcohol, spices, sugar, etc... Sigh. A good criticism of Lustigs demonizing fructose: http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/01/29/the-bitter-truth-ab... Key takeaway that Lustig ignores - USDA numbers by the way: Total energy intake in 1970 averaged 2172 kcal. By 2007 this hiked up to 2775 kcal, a 603 kcal increase. I totally agree, the problem is that it's harder for people to eat healthy than simply pick a single thing and demonize it. Plus, telling people to eat healthy doesn't sell a lot of books. I'll listen when I have some time later. Does he also address the dose dependent problem in his cited studies? Of course if I'm drinking 6-7 sodas a day that's generally going to be a problem, but it doesn't mean sugar is evil. Too much water can kill me also, but I don't see people saying water is evil. Fad books sell to a lot of people over and over. Of course you can get rich helping people to just eat healthy, but it's harder and you likely don't get the repeat buyers. But write a book saying x is evil or fat is not your fault because y is evil and you'll get tons of buyers. The article says "Mummy Says Princess Had Coronary Disease." This leads me to believe they are talking about Egyptian royalty, even if they were not called kings and queens. Probably, but the problem is if they didn't change much they are probably not high profile. The millionaire next door type of thing. I get 3 paid weeks of vacation per year. More would be nice, but unless I'm going to do something (spend a month in Europe for example) I get tired of being on vacation after a week or so. Also, when it comes to single days here and there my boss just tells me to take them. His way of hoping I pick up the phone on a Saturday when something breaks I guess :) I recently travelled to to the UK and France for 16 days and was happy to return home. I had a great time on the trip, so maybe I'm weird for not wanting to be gone longer? If I actually lived in Europe more vacation might be nice because it's so easy/cheap to visit other countries. Like I said above, maybe I'm weird :) I can only relax for a few days before I get stir crazy. I need problems to solve and things to think about. It probably helps that I don't hate my job and have a lot of free time already. A long time ago I realized that I didn't want to be that person who lives for the couple times a year they get a vacation (even if you have 4 weeks I don't want to hate the other 48). Instead try to live in places where I'm on vacation all the time. Right now I'm in the mountains and at the end of the summer I'm moving back to the beach. Willpower for me is the exact opposite of what you were expecting. Having willpower on the simple things leads to having it on bigger things and so on. I also think willpower is learned just and takes time just like building muscles. It takes practice and doesn't follow a linear trajectory. There is also a personal aspect that each person must find on their own to help them keep going when the ability to maintain willpower becomes tough. It's not unethical (as suggested by another commenter) because this is how you are able to afford a flat fee. I agree and want to expand a bit. Even if a change or addition only takes me 10 minutes of my time now, it's important to remember the months and often years of experience that I'm drawing upon to make that change so quickly. Explain to the client that they are not only paying you for your exact time, but also for your skill set and ability to do a job quickly AND correctly. All of those qualities cost money and clients who don't want to recognize that fact are toxic and should be dumped (as suggested by the poster I'm responding to). Not really. The goal is to hire people who get the specific job done for the least amount of money. Lots of companies pay lip service to wanting exceptional people, but they pay crap and have a horrible work environment. This sounds very similar to federal drug laws and now the new healthcare mandate. States are growing tired of being told what to do, especially when a majority of their populace disagrees with specific law. Not long ago many states passed amendments re-asserting their rights as states. I think this would have been a great time for a large influential state to take a stand, but instead they backed down. I can still hope that CA will step up and do more than passively ignoring federal drug laws, and instead make drugs legal and throw out the DEA. And once you're convicted there is even more additional lying and frame-ups while in prison: http://www.westword.com/2011-02-03/news/211-crew-rapes-extor... If this takes off, people probably won't wear condoms most of the time, and the number of people being diagnosed with STD's will skyrocket. I don't understand this thinking. To me condoms have always been about STD protection and not pregnancy prevention. I'd like to think for most people this idea will not change. I mean if you barely know a girl and she tells you that she's on the pill so you don't need a condom that should be a giant, screaming in your ear red flag to put your clothes back on and run home. I don't see how this will be any different if a guy tells a girl the same thing. The US. Keep in mind I went to college over ~10 years ago. From college on most women I know were on some form of birth control to the point where I assumed most women are. Post high school, condoms were never about stopping pregnancy but avoiding STDs. I think you're right in a traditional fast food sense (McDs, Wendy's, etc...), but there are a lot of sorta fast food restaurants around now. I'm thinking a Chipotle, Noodles, Panera type of business their customers could make use of ordering from a phone. I would be blowing $$$/week ordering grilled cheeses for unsuspecting friends. I don't know if I'd say he switched back. It looked more like the win7 UI was contained in it's own tile, and only came about because he ran a non-win8 app (Excel). Pretty smart way to maintain backwards compatibility. One thing that did jump out at me was that it seemed to be best suited for a tablet and NOT a desktop computer. Hopefully MS keeps building on it and the new desktop doesn't turn out to be Bob 2.0 :) it ends up not being used properly Here is the key. Plenty of school districts get tons of money yet it never reaches the students. The money ends up stuck somewhere in the administration. Where I grew up the public school district took tax money and built a huge administration building on prime real estate in the cities posh downtown area. This all was while textbooks were falling apart, school buildings were falling down and there was a already a working administration building in a different part of the city. The new building was dubbed the 'Taj Mahal' by local media and it's still a joke. I would be interested if that salary included only teachers or also administrators. Some districts have nearly a 1:1 ratio of administrators to teachers. To me that sounds really high. but I've relied on basic human decency all my life and it has turned out fine for me. This may work if you're starting out by yourself, but as soon as you involve another person you have to have contracts. Too many people I know have lost their best friends over relying on decency. When money is involved spell it out multiple times in a contract and have it reviewed. Removing any confusion early on will prevent huge headaches later. It's not like you won't be able to use .NET - they are just adding IE9 into the equation Exactly. I write a lot of .net code for work and haven't written a UI in anything other than HTML/JS in a long time. Too many people seem to be reading HTML/JS and thinking entire apps will now have to be written in them, and I just don't that's true. Luckily for me my parents supported my constant questioning of nearly everything. Neither were very religious, but my mom did go to church and made me go to Sunday school and church. Eventually I was thrown out of Sunday school for asking too many questions [1], and at that point laid out a pretty good argument why it was a waste of time for me to continue to go to church. That was the last time I was a part of any organized religion. [1] "The bible says so" is simply not a good enough answer - ever. To me a much better answer is simply that a person wants something beyond themselves to believe in even though they know they will not ever prove it to be true. I may disagree with that, but I can respect a person who is honest with themselves. combined resources of the NSA, FBI, CIA The problem is that all these combines resources mean less outside of the US. They mean even less in an old eastern bloc country, Russia, or some random 3rd world. I don't know would have been a fine answer. The problem is that I was never told I don't know and was told either the bible says so or I says so and your going hell. Keep in mind some of my friends (who also went to church with me) went to a Metalical concert (showing my age lol) and were immediately condemned. Even as a teen at this point I realized what BS this was. How could a God who is supposed to be all great, all knowing, and all powerful condemn someone for going to a musical concert. (metalica? really, I've been to more tame Slayer concerts lol). I dated girl in college and watched her and her friends get sucked into religion because they had never seen how it worked before. I went to a couple of services with her and LOLed at the preacher when I knew more about the bible than he did (those years of sunday school paid off). I don't have a problem with religion except when it's complete BS. Axioms are fine in logic, mathematics, physics, ... so why not elsewhere? The axioms that I believe in are provable. Things like 1+1=2. There is no proof that created the world in . So tell me an axiom, preferably religiously based, that I can go out and prove. Religion by its very definition is faith based. As soon as you start proving/disproving it, religion simply doesn't exist anymore. Your analysis is dead on. I forget the movie but I remember seeing that it was 'out on DVD.' I decided I wanted to watch said movie so I checked NF (streaming or disc) and it didn't have it. I checked Comcast OnDemand, not there either. So I checked xbox live and even itunes and it was not available. At this point the only way to watch the movie as to either buy it (rofl never) or pirate it. In the end I just skipped the movie because it really wasn't that important, but look at the effort I went through to try and hand over my money. Number one rule of business is to make it frictionless for your customers to give you money. Movie studios do the exact opposite and then wonder why movies are pirated. Yep, could make itms match almost like a $25/year unlimited music service. Go find a bad recording of what you want then let it get 'matched' and you'd be legal and have a good copy. Why is buying a movie "rofl never" ? More expensive ($10-$20), and I'm already paying for other services to rent movies from. I also haven't bought a movie in years. The large majority of stuff simply isn't good enough to own, and even if it's good I rarely sit down to watch a movie again (if it's on TV, and I have time, and it was good I may watch it again). I also don't want to deal with physical media at all. And selling it afterwards? So now to watch a movie that is supposedly out at retail I need to buy it (go to the store or wait for it to be delivered), watch it, and then resell it? Add to the fact that many DVDs still have unskippable previews and the entire process is very high on my personal friction scale. All this and I'm in the US. It's even worse if someone is in another country. And people wonder why so many people pirate movies... I know what you're thinking. Provide the bare minimum for the complete ITMS library and release it as a torrent... Let them go after Netflix and Kindle with the shakedown (June 30th is the deadline). What happens to the big boys will be telling. I don't think 30% across the board is going to stay. For a small developer the 30% is probably worth it to get into the store, a small amount of visibility, payment processing, and quick customer access. For the big content providers like NF, HBOGO, WSJ, NYT, Kindle, etc... who already spend huge amounts of money on payment systems, advertising and support the 30% is an additional middle man that provides little actual value. I think at least for the big content providers Apple will blink because at the end of the day Apple needs content more than the content needs them. Watches are one of the items that spending money on isn't that bad of a splurge. Nice Rolexes hold value pretty well, and antique ones are collector items. Not that I would ever buy a Rolex. Suunto's [1] are more my speed and are like having a mini-weather computer on your wrist (altimeter, barometer, compass). They are not $15 casio cheap, but way cheaper than anything like a Tag or Rolex and actually useful for my mountain climbing :) [1] www.suunto.com http://www.amazon.com/Suunto-Observer-Wrist-Top-Altimeter-Ba... VSS did this with all files by default. Does that put VSS way ahead of its time? :) Groupon customers are poor tippers And that stinks. I was a fine dining waiter at one point in my life and lived on tips. Because of that I always tip on the full value of the meal regardless if I have a gift card or coupon. People didn't have to migrate though. I know we still have some internal VB6 apps floating around that work fine and do the job they were made to do. Of course they are on the 'upgrade to .net eventually' list, but so far there has been no rush. It's classic human behavior to look for some cause of whatever is happening. Sometimes it's to transfer the blame (smoking your whole life and lung cancer is somehow not your fault) and other times it's simply looking for any explanation because we as humans want explanations (it's gods plan, everything happens for a reason, etc...). The thing is, with diseases such as yours or others that are hard to find the cause and/or cure/treat you have to become your own doctor. First, realize when people offer up suggestions they are trying to help you. Second, while 3 doctors may have spent their career studying something it doesn't mean that a specific diet or treatment will not help you . A friend of mine has hives. He's seen a ton of doctors and none of them have any clue what is causing them. Other than having a few hives almost all the time he's perfectly healthy. So he has had to become his own doctor and at least attempt a process of elimination with foods and other things that he comes into contact with on a regular basis. At a minimum he gets some illusion of control and is working a process that may find something. I'm actually starting a new startup centered around patients sharing their experience with various treatments. That's a great idea! After helping my friend research I think the most challenging part of what you're doing is getting people who are cured to talk about their experiences. It's the old problem that those that are happy without any problems are not the ones who post all day long :) I would love to see some offshore wind turbines, but as soon as that's brought up the rich people from both the left and right decide they don't want to ruin the views from their beach houses. It seems like so many people want everyone else to be clean while being dirty themselves. Except that if you're not actually guilty how big of a risk is this? It's a huge risk. Many cases are tried purely on circumstantial evidence. Wrong place, wrong time happens more than anyone would like to admit. Cops and prosecutors are human and because of that they make mistakes, have egos, and can care less about the truth and more about convictions. Guilt/innocence has nothing to do with needing a lawyer. The lawyer is there to make sure the police do their job correctly and that you don't incriminate yourself. I, like the other responses, cannot stress enough what my lawyer friends have told me. NEVER speak to the police without a lawyer. Period. To the court. But to the cops it most definitely does imply guilt. Wow, horrible advice. Getting a lawyer tells the cops that you're not an idiot and they better do things correctly. Remember the whole reason the police are talking to you is to gather evidence. And who cares what the police think about a lawyer. No arrest warrant has been granted because someone got a lawyer. After arrest it's worth it - they already think you are guilty. But before arrest it's not. After an arrest while not too late, is much later than you should have gotten a lawyer. Getting a lawyer right away would likely have prevented any arrest unless there is actual real evidence against you. Skipping the lawyer means the police (profesional interrogators) get to talk to you for hours looking for anything incriminating. Not a good idea, since even an innocent person will have inconsistencies in any story told over and over and doubly so with someone trying to 'catch' them. So please stop giving this horrible advice about not getting a lawyer. Remember, anytime the police are speaking to you they are gathering evidence and view you as a criminal. NEVER speak to the police without a lawyer. Of course the cops on a TV show are going to say that. They know that many cases hinge on what a defendant says to them prior to getting a lawyer, and often that the defendant is his/her own worst witness. If no one spoke to the police without a lawyer present it makes the cops job much harder (as it should be) and prevents them from tricking people into self incrimination and/or flat out lying. Consider this. Many police interviews are still not video taped. If you and a cop have a discussion by yourselves and what was said comes into question who will the prosecutor, judge and jury believe? That reason alone means you always want a 3rd party present. If you are innocent and don't speak to he police without a lawyer then fine, let them try to connect the dots. I don't think that's true. Shipping is really hard - basically the end result of execution. A perfectly run project can still suck to work on at the end. The problem is that for most people the fun part of working on a project is the discovery phase when you're building something new. The last 20% of squashing bugs and going from "the code is working" to the "code is shippable" is generally not a good time. And then if you got a 3dfx Voodoo Graphics card you would get translucent water and bilinear filtering on the textures.... It's hard to explain to those who were not around the revolutionary change that occurred when GLQuake + the Voodoo card came out. It was one of the few 'holy shit' moments in my technological life. I knew then and there that everything changed going forward. I've read those articles when they were written, and have even read the book Death March. Those situation are obviously not how things should be. Patio11 responded to Abrash saying near the end of the project there were rough patches and that eventually they all were tired of working on it. No matter how well run a project might be there will always be rough patches and you'll likely be sick of working on it at the end. Quake is a great game, but imagine running the same level or even worse, same portion of a level all day long looking for obscure bugs. Even if you planned for this time, doing this for weeks is going to suck at some point. It's just the nature of working on a long term project and taking it from working to shippable. "It’s our job to help translate their vision to the development team in a way that they can understand and accept" "Similarly, we need to speak on behalf the developers to help reign in the designers, at times." "I deal with the god damn customers so the engineers don't have to. I have people skills; I am good at dealing with people. Can't you understand that? What the hell is wrong with you people?" :) Looks like they are adding people in rounds. This morning I added some friends to circles trying to find out how to get them in then later in the morning all of them were added. I did the same thing again and it had appeared to stop working. Late this afternoon all of the additional people were added. Basically add everyone you want to circles and make a post. They'll likely get through the invite within a day or less based on my current experience. This article is dead on. I already have many google apps open all day and g+ will integrate with those nicely. A friend already exclaimed this morning that the google apps integration is what will kill FB (if that's even possible - myspace still has users). He then set out to move over those he actually cared about on FB to g+. I especially like default use of groups and how it forces users to think about privacy from the get go. This is very different from my FB experience years ago and why I quit using FB. G+ person zero in my social circle bought their invite on ebay for $2 this AM. He put everyone else in a circle and started posting. All those in the circle had received invites from him by the end of the day. Google appears to have learned from the Buzz backlash. G+ pushes privacy by default from the first person you put into a circle. You can't 'friend' someone without first thinking about who they are, what they mean to you, and what you want them to see. This alone is a big step up from FB where groups are a hidden, not often used feature. As will be mine and the rest of my friends that I care about once another round of G+ invites goes out. Could it be worded in such a way that makes the rights granted to Dropbox only usable for making Dropbox functional? You have to tell it a time zone or else the calendar app will not know what time you mean (and really, time without a time zone is meaningless). What you are doing is using your current time zone as the default so when you enter appointments from another time zone you're actually entering them incorrectly. Any calendar app should allow the entry of appointments with time zone. Based on my G+ usage it's not a gimmick at all. They seem to still have scaling issues (and bugs). Friends changing their profile pic can take hours before it stops bouncing back and forth between the new one and old one. The point is, they are still bug hunting and fixing (still can't edit your birthday for example) and it doesn't make sense to let the whole world in until they have solved the most obvious ones. Have you thought that's because many people do buy currency and items? There may not be in G+ yet. I know you can share with just 1 person if you want. What they need to do is implement the reverse of +Name, so if I add a group I could then do -Name and it would be the whole group minus that person. Or even +CircleA -CircleB would only get me those in A not in B. Bringing set logic to the masses! :) FB won social networking. Game over. Youngsters today and the lack of history being taught in schools. History is full of winners, who after a period of time became losers (or at least not the same level of winning). Basically returning results and ordering by the +1s your social graph has possibly already marked? If I search for "AT91SAM9G20 datasheet", I doubt anyone in my immediate social graph has even seen what I'm looking for, let alone +1'd it. That's true, but then how many competing documents are going to pop up? The social graph helps give precedence when their are many results. The Libya example is interesting. If you want outside of your bubble there is no reason you couldn't reverse the order and try to see news that none of your friends have seen (or at least +1ed). Yes, I've already sent feedback asking to allow me to view/hide the comment list and disable them completely. Events are a specific case of integrating G+ across all google products. Once g+ gets integrated with gcal, it should only take minor changes to implement events. I have had fine service with Comcast. The thing to remember is that Comcast is basically an umbrella over many companies generally separated by state. To further complicate things one area within a state may have better equipment than another area. Educators that have low expectations for certain students will not challenge them and hold them accountable for their work and studies. I found this true even as a student in the 'gifted and talented' program through high school and most of middle school. It wasn't until college (and even then only math/science/cs classes) where I was really challenged. I'm sure many people mean to kill them or they keep them for awhile as pets and then at some point they escape. Look at FL with all the boa constrictor/python problems they have. What is corruption like in China? IMHO, that would likely be the largest hurdle to starting a business outside the US. Not sure if it's out of fear or just good business sense. When they entered the cell phone market they had nearly zero phone related patents. This opened them up to litigation and licensing issues around basic phone functionality where they have no leverage because they have no patents to cross license. After getting a taste of what it takes to play in the cell phone market they know they have to have cell phone related patents for leverage when setting up cross licensing deals. My personal axiom: Boring/Uninteresing work leads to me working more on my personal/startup projects. Thus, I should be looking for a job that has nothing but boring work. :) That's true, but you should able to manage your team as you see fit. If it doesn't work then you get the blame. Nothing is more demoralizing that being a manager, but having little to no control over your team and being blamed for the failures. I'm amazed how many business people I come across that ignore or simply don't realize that you can only hold people accountable for things that they have the power to change. If you are 30+ and not had that big win yet, it might be worth changing your expectation and working on something that has a higher chance of being moderately successful so that you are more likely to walk away from your career with something. This may or may not be what is going on with the founders of MeetingBurner, but it's precisely where my head is at as I turn 30. Completely agree. The other part is that someone who is in their 30s is likely to have seen the inside of a few large companies and have a ton of ideas about nagging niche problems that can be solved. Your water and electricity utilities most likely also have caps on how much water or electricity you can use before they cut you off. Most utilities cannot just shut you off. Many states have laws that determine when and how. The biggest thing about a utility though is that you pay for usage. If you want to leave your lights on all day, they really don't care as long as you continue to pay your bill. Personally, I don't see a problem with metered broadband, and only have a problem with the current pricing structures. Look at the mobile space to see how messed up it can be. Companies set prices at a usage level that is just below what a person really needs so they force people into the next tier with the hopes the person will not actually use it. Instead, I would support a flat rate per GB. I've seen numbers like $6/GB thrown around for mobile (it would obviously be a lot lower for line connected broadband, but you get the idea). If we do end up with broadband treated as a utility in the US, I would bet that it will be metered and charged for usage. It's the most fair way to support the system and will naturally prevent people from doing something similar to leaving their lights on all day. They are not likely to turn you off, but are likely to stop by and write you a ticket for violating the water usage ordinance. Bandwidth certainly is a scarce resource as is the equipment needed to support it. Fiber doesn't just magically appear in the ground. Switches don't grow on your street corner. These things have to be paid for and maintained. It only makes sense that the highest users pay for more for the infrastructure. It's the current pricing schemes that I have a problem with. I think the $6/GB came from the original unlimited plans in the US that were $30/month and had soft caps of 5GB. Pretty much all those plans have since disappeared. The point is, I think most consumers are fine with metered data if they feel like it's mostly fair. Yeah, I tried a few before seeing your message. Hopefully people post more. Thanks! I got in. The problem with this essay is that is paints us as slaves to our genes. Reminds me of what a friend of mine used to tell his girlfriend when she would catch him looking at other girls walking by. "I can't fight thousands of years of evolution." :) The divide isn't between SV and the unemployed, but between the educated and uneducated. From politifact: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2010/aug/... For those with less than a high school diploma, the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was 13.8 percent during July. For those with a high school diploma but no college, the rate was 10.1 percent. For those with some college experience but no college diploma, the rate was 8.3 percent. And for those with an undergraduate degree or better, the rate was 4.5 percent. That's less than one-third of the rate for high-school dropouts -- and it's exactly as Tyson said it was. ... These aren't exactly comparable, since BLS does not release seasonally adjusted figures for those with advanced degrees. But we'll provide them anyway. The unadjusted July rate for those with masters' degrees was 4.9 percent. For those with professional degrees, it was 2.0 percent, and for those with doctorates, it was 1.9 percent. Technology has always disrupted the low end of the workforce. The big difference this time around is just how fast the disruption has occurred. It took years for farm equipment advances to remove the need for farmhands or cars to remove the need for people who do horse shoes. The internet and computers in general have put entire types of work seemingly out of business overnight. The 'new' economy is one where everyone will need to take control of their careers and constantly be thinking long term. The downside of this sort of economy is that the people who have no ambition will suffer. The upside is that those with ambition have an easier time than ever to try out their ideas and have huge upside potential. It's not so simple as get education -> job & life of ease. Of course it's not that simple, but it's definitely important to realize that unemployment numbers are not the same for everyone. Recognizing that a lot of the unemployment falls within groups that have little education means that a tech startup is going to do very little to address unemployment. It's not a bad or good thing with a tech startup, just a fact. What the numbers show is that we need more jobs that require less education. I only scored 24k which seems low based on the statistics at the end. I also only selected words that I absolutely knew the definition of, even though some I think I knew based on the root. Memorizing trivia words is just something that has never interested me. Instead I keep a thesaurus and dictionary handy at all times :) And for a real life example, just take a look at Fannie May and Freddie Mac. Having done all of those things it just isn't enough and always leaves you wanting more. It's similar to having a customer write you a check (not through some job, but directly to you or your business) for the first time. You want it again and again. 1) Skydived. It was awesome! 2) 4-5 years ago I decided I wanted to be really strong. I can deadlift over 500lbs now. 3) This is a great thing to do, especially by yourself. If you pick the right activities you can actually hit all 3 at once. A solo wintertime hike of a 14er is perfect (dangerous, physically challenging, lost feeling). A lot of people didn't understand why the CEO who recently died on Everest was on Everest at all. It's because he had to get away from his mundane, which to him was being a successful CEO. I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all the kinds of things you can't see from the center. - Kurt Vonnegut There's more to "in shape" than strong. You're right. Strength is just what got me started. I play a lot of pick up basketball, surf, snowboard, hike, etc... When it comes to just regular running, 5k is about my limit since it bores me so much :) The life as a gift thing I totally agree. I've wasted a lot of time as a youngster, and only in my 30s have I realized it. My wife is always telling me I'm too hard on myself (and really who isn't?), but there is so much more I want to accomplish. I really do feel like time is running out, and the squeeze only gets worse when trying to plan for a family. My philosophy. Buy a nice monitor (2 if you can afford it). Buy whatever hardware is reasonable for ~1k or less. Repeat yearly. This will always keep the developer with a good machine without spending too much money. With the way HW is nowadays, it's possible to go 2 years on each machine. The story changes if you need laptops. After using LOTS of laptops over the years, if given a choice I'll only use MBPs now. Unfortunately, we seem to have forgotten that in the US as part of the adversarial position between law enforcement and citizens. It's sad that our system has become more about winning and less about finding the truth and laying down justice. Here's a horrifying case where police and the prosecutor worked lied to convict a man who ended up in prison for 10 years before being release: http://www.denverpost.com/news/ci_18385647 There was another story (not surprising in Denver again) where over 10% of the police force has been reprimanded for lying while on duty. This includes falsifying evidence, police reports and even lying on the stand. Most were still employed for some reason. Your right about the system being designed a certain way and that's how it should work. The problem is that the state has so many more resources, and if you add flat out lying to the mix, the system breaks down. I'm of the opinion that since the state has the burden of proof and virtually unlimited resources that they should also be striving for the truth above all else. When it becomes more about convictions and less about justice, the system will fail to the detriment of all of society. It is more important that innocence be protected than it is that guilt be punished, for guilt and crimes are so frequent in this world that they cannot all be punished. But if innocence itself is brought to the bar and condemned, perhaps to die, then the citizen will say, “whether I do good or whether I do evil is immaterial, for innocence itself is no protection,” and if such an idea as that were to take hold in the mind of the citizen that would be the end of security whatsoever. -John Adams I agree and will personally never buy another desktop. With laptops I budget them to last 3 years as my primary machine. I've owned 2 other MBPs, all of which are still in use by the people who I either old them to or gave them too. The original G4 PB is still kicking strong with a guy from work, my mom loves my old SR MBP, and my current i7 runs great to the point where I could see it lasting 5 years by simply replacing the HD with an SSD when prices are right. No doubt an update is forthcoming. :-) Hopefully that doesn't mean waiting another 3 weeks for Apples approval. It always amuses me to see non-handicap people taking the elevator at the gym. If the pushup is done properly the shoulders should be in the correct alignment. I do agree that I would add pull ups and then some band exercises to make sure the shoulders are kept in proper form. The other thing I would add is core work, and not just strengthening, but also correcting posture (pelvic tilt). All of the above just scratches the surface on how to correct the bad things that happen to your posture when sitting at a desk for hours each day. The people I follow Twitter style post a lot (almost too much). I find myself rarely checking twitter now. About 1/2 my friends that have moved stopped posting on FB and have let everyone know they have moved. They still check FB, but only post to G+. I've definitely seen a swing towards G+. Amazon pays Apple $100/year to host the Kindle app, and only the app. All of the books that someone may buy sit on Amazons servers that they host and distribute. Amazon also manages its own payment infrastructure and everything else that deals with getting a book into the Kindle app. Both companies benefit from having the Kindle app in the app store. Apple gets to brag about how many apps are for sale for iOS devices (thus sell more devices), and Amazon gets to sell books. We could always look at it from Amazons POV. They are providing the content that makes iOS devices more desirable for consumers. Why isn't Apple giving them a cut of each device sold? The real standing up would be if Amazon had refused to remove the link and let Apple reject and/or pull the Kindle app. Exactly. I was hoping that Amazon and the other large content providers would simply call Apples bluff. Let Apple shoot itself in the foot and remove all the big content reasons that people buy iOS devices to start with. I'm glad someone brought this up. I think it's NJ that has a lot of jug handles and they do a pretty good job at eliminating all left hand turns and once I understood the term they were easy to use. I also think they would be easier to implement on existing roads. This isn't much different than many people who go to an office each day. The problem is the management/job that puts attendance over performance. If employers would put performance over all else, it wouldn't matter where someone worked as long as the work was done. So you mean a he said/he said case? I'm pretty sure they investigate those all the time (most assaults would be this way) and have even less potential evidence than they would with a phone. but it's become so ubiquitous that having a Facebook profile has become necessary to participate fully in online life. I must not be participating fully in an 'online life' then. When I look at my non-tech friends I do much more participating online than any of them do and they all have FB accounts and I do not. I think in recent versions this is true (the problems being mainly CSS). 4-5 years ago I remember doing JS DOM manipulation and at one point IE taking 100x longer to do something than Firefox. It was so bad that FF was instant and IE was unusable. There's a difference between trying to rent out something that the owner lives in and takes care of and squatting on something that has been abandoned by the owner. The problem is that many of the properties are likely in legal limbo through foreclosure, bank ownership, and auctions. Once a new true owner finally takes over it might have been years since the last real owner. That's when squaters rights start to come into play. That's been the thought of most of the country for a long time as many either move to the coast or want to move to the coast and just can't afford it. A great second choice (first for some) is a mountain city like Denver (or nearby Boulder). Or, if you really don't care about mountains or ocean then a city like Austin at least has great weather and overall vibe. To each his own, but I will never live in the middle of the country and will always either need to be near the beach or mountains (I did the mountains the last couple years and am again near the beach). I think people take the ignoring customers as an on or off thing, but no company ignores what their customers want (including Apple). What a good company does is never listen to only a single customer. What a good company does is listen to all customers and take that knowledge and solve the over arcing problem. Each individual customer is likely only seeing part of the problem and thus only asking for partial solutions. The problem is that they simply do not have the visibility to know the entire problem, and that's where a good 3rd party business comes into play. The problem with a large up front capital type of company like wireless is that you have to convince someone to give you that capital. If you're begging people for money and reputation is your only collateral, then an MBA from a big school helps (plus the likely connections you formed while attending said school). It certainly doesn't help as much as say already having been a CxO at a wireless company, but it is just one more checkbox to help convince people to give you money. I think Google is leading the charge when it can with respect to Android the software. Many of the patents that Apple is going after other players with have to do with 'look and feel' of the hardware. In those cases I'm not sure Google has the standing to step in since they are not the ones who created the hardware. I've had days like that and they're horrible. It's certainly not something I would equate with extreme privilege unless I was flying around on my private jet. That's only HTC. Apple is also going after the Samsung tablet, which runs Android, using look and feel. Most people don't have the courage to try and fail. The fear of failure holds them back from their true potential. Having courage advocates trying even though you will likely fail the first time and probably the next. The point is you keep pushing forward and learning. Through failure comes learning and finally success. This same attitude is seen in those who are elite in any discipline. Athletes who want the ball at the end of the game, do not do so because they never fail. They do so because they have the courage to give it their best and still come up short. Michael Jordan said it best: I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. Writing begets writing. The process of sitting down and figuring out what to say is something that gets easier and hopefully better with practice. Often, the act of writing something forces me to commit to a particular thought This is the main reason I write things down. Writing something down forces me to commit and defend a certain idea, even if only to myself. Writing it down for the world to see forces me to defend the idea to additional level of scrutiny. In short, writing something down helps me keep from BSing myself. When people set out to design a data driven application, they usually end up updating and deleting records. FTFY... It's not hard to build history into a SQL table design. You can even store events in a...wait for it... SQL database. I have built numerous systems backed by SQL databases that have complete history retention. Answering questions like 'who had id 'X' on this date 3 years ago' are easily solvable with basic standard sql. I certainly don't believe SQL databases are perfect or the tool for every job, but in many cases they work just fine until you get into very large datasets. Admittedly, I only deal with databases in the 100s of GB range so I have yet to personally run into the scaling problems that a Google or Facebook have and the SQL backed systems I have built work just fine. premature eulogizing I mentioned this to a friend the other day. If I only read all of the stories coming out about SJ I would have assumed he died and not just left his CEO position. Interesting that you think it's Amazon that is cheating the kids in CA and not the politicians (or other huge lobby siphoning money from the CA tax payers). With that said, state sales tax has always been about collecting tax if the business has a presence in the state. This works for Amazon all the way down to the mom and pop that sells across the internet to people in another state. Most (all?) states have a line item on their tax forms where the tax payer can write in a value on items they purchased out of state and need to pay taxes on. I'm guessing very few people fill that line in. It touches on another problem that no one wants to pay taxes (they always want someone else to pay), yet they want more and more services from the government. Because of freezes and VM corruption. I've been using Fusion for years and never had any problems. It's worth the $40 (look around for a $10 off coupon code), if you're using the VMs for anything more than hobby/testing random OSes. Full price of $49? Or just plug in the fusion20 code and pay $39. It seems it's really the other way around and that they are giving everyone the upgrade price until the end of the year. immediate boss resigned The CEO should resign. Either the company lost $2B and is now pinning it on a 'rogue' trader or their security is flat out incompetent. Either way, all of the CxO positions should be tossed out. The whole things stinks really. $2B is A LOT of money to lose. With that sort of money flying around and the amount of power those involved likely have, it's easy to see them leveraging the criminal system to CYA and stick this to some underling. I don't think those situations are analogous at all. Did the rogue trader lose $2B on a single action? This also isn't just about what the rogue trader did, but how long it took the bank to find out. Sure a rogue Google employee could change the index to only point at porn, but how long will that go unnoticed? I don't know Googles internal processes, but other than a select few people do they have relatively junior guys hot patching untested code directly into production? is this about the lack of accountability or is this strictly about the loss of money? It's about both really, and the amount of money is important. Stealing is stealing, but when implementing checks and balances I would assume they want to find situations that deviate too far from the norm. A million here or there in their type of business likely wouldn't have been noticed for awhile until a quarterly or yearly full audit had been done, but $2B? To me that shows hubris and incompetence, or compliance. Accountability comes into to play if the higher ups knew what was going on and let it fly because they had made or were hoping to make a lot of money off of the situation. It didn't pan out, so blame the trader and wash their hands of the it. I agree with you. I think what people are thinking as a 'larger' screen is really Apple shrinking the phone around the current screen. Apple is crazy about thin and small and I'm sure they want the iPhone to be more like the iTouch if possible. I'm with you. I think the main people who are all over LTE are those that want to replace their hard lines with cell. The problem is that the carriers are going to cap and charge big money for LTE so using it as a primary connection is likely not going to be cost effective. Actually replaceable batteries don't make the point moot at all. I certainly don't want to have to carry around spare batteries just so I can use LTE. If LTE is as hard on battery life as suggested, that makes it a very real problem regardless if I can carry around spares.