good stuff man. hope you make it. Financial Times, NY Times and local news papers may help. Are you currently looking into VC or are you bootstrapping your startup and growing it organically? Reality Check. Anyone who was half serious about this application is hurt somehow. The reason why it sucks is not so much due to the fact that you are not going to hang out with "startupreneurs" and PG but because this was a competition and your product was judged not as good as those that made it. That is what hurts. Maybe you can take a step back today and take a look at what you are doing and ask yourself "How can I make better, more simple and scale it?" or "How can we make people see that this is better than other products out there and a business can be built around it?" because if you believe it is great, than maybe you fail to present it the proper way. Take the rest of the day off. Get a drink, socialize, shut that computer down and relax. Tomorrow your head will be clear and you can start working on your startup again. Not because it will make you a millionaire, or because it will get you respect, but just because that is what you love to do and without it your Puzzle is just not complete. Ciao' If you are working on a startup and you live in Atlanta, we should all get together, talk about our ventures and help each other. Three entrepreneurs so far. Hi. What are going to do now? What was your idea? Ours was a DIY mobile content aggregation & distribution platform. Grab your favorite content on the web. Mix it, mash it, make it mobile, distribute it. hi BL, like your input. send me an email so we can discuss off site. What's up Nandan. I can't see it. Email me at globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net. We can set something up. I totally agree. Nothing complicated. I don't know about anything that makes me pay to chat. I am not too far from perimeter. Send me an email and we can set up something for all of us. Globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net PS. John. C cool que tu parles francais. On devrait vraiment se rencontrer ASAP. Watch out PG. here comes the Acombinator. can some 1 create a dedicatd browser IM plugin so YCNews usrs can chat EZly using their usrnm? What's up. That sounds ok. Guys can you all send in your email addresses so we can round up. Your profile does not show your email addresses. Or everybody can just throw in a place to meet and time and we vote for the best. That way no one will spam noone in the future. What's up Brian. I posted this thread. Send us (our team) an email at globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net and we can make sure that the round up works for all of us. You can also leave your address and we will send you an email. So far we got contacts from Brian, Matt and Nandan. No Matt, Thank you, as well as everyone else, for participating. Anyone could have said "forget this guys". I think that if we get it done right, we will all benefit from it. I am not sure if one can find a missing element of their startup, but I know that being around people who have a similar goal cannot hurt. Update. On top of our team, we got Brian (and friends), Matt(and friends), Azromej, Nandan, and Jonesmc ( si on peut te joindre, sinon je ferrais une update avec la date et le lieu ) Hi everybody. I am sneaking this comment while on my boss time. Man I hope he truly the last one I ll have. We are getting a good response. Now meeting up is only a matter of making sure everyone make s it. So far most of you want to meet sometimes next week (frankly I am so exited that I would do it tonight, but it would not work for the rest of us). Most of us are suggesting midtown. That is fine. As soon as we know the best time and date for all we will email and put another post on yc news. PS. Everybody seems to have dbe some work with RoR. Well I hate to say it but I am not a coder(please don't be mad), although I like to learn about coding languages. Well maybe this group will throw in some help. LOL. Can't wait to meet you guys. Update. Nate from Wamily is IN. That's what's up. Please Help. Thanks Nandan. That is a very nice way to start helping. (lol) Ok. this is not about funding, but it sure can get you more funding then you would want. The point is if you have a great product this launch pad could help you get tremendous attention. BOy boy. Zenter. I still would not care. Google is just bluffing right now. And it hurts me how many people cannot see that the big Giant has lost its way. One of the first American Billionaires once said he could answer any question asked. He called in a meeting and ask each journalist to come armed with top notch questions (of course industry related ), which they did. The day of the meeting they were surprised to see 16 phones at the Great Entrepreneur 's desk. For each question asked he pick up a phone and call someone who then, somehow, provided the proper answer. If you cannot code, need to start a startup and do not know the moral of this story, then you probably should go sit back and think for a few weeks before jumping into the middle of the ocean. Do you believe (like me) that Google has lost its way ( in anything other than search ) and is going into acquisition just in Hopes to find the company that will put it back into the road? I have. Same for all his posts ( still did not get me to YC ), Still it seems tome that most of us are buying into this google thing. Depends what you want him to do. Things can be learned and you can always use an extra hand. What you want ot worry about is "why is he getting into it?" In the "world is Flat" T.Friedman states P+CI. That is Passion + Curiosity Intelligence. Your startup and mine have less than 5% chance to succeed and yet we believe like no-one else that 5% is big enough to go thru this journey.We like the money, but if money is your first drive then you will eventually quit at some point when evrything says it is going to be over in One minute. At that point the co-founders who were in it for the money will walk out. The one who were in it for the passion and the challenge to learn and master the ultimate startup language ( not Technology, but "loyal and satisified Users") )will get 2gether and ask themselves " How the F &$ we got into this mess and how the F%^$ can we clean it up now, make it look good and have more users? I dont know if this exist or not, but it is a great idea. We all need to remember the ones that are gone. Personaly I have experienced it in my family and it would be nice to have a space where I can upload pictures and videos and have others come in and share their stories about that one person. This is a good way to "rendre Hommage". Go for it. You could put this up in less than a week. Do you think you may be closer to success if you spend less time on YC News or Digg? Maybe use that time to clean up your messy code. Just a question. Man. don't you know that you can use Dapper to create your own RSS feed of webpages. That's why they ain/t doing it. DIY ok. you are an exception. Is Twitter a service that adds value for you or just a trick to get you hooked so they can make money of you later? NIKE " JUST DO IT " How would you PIMP twitter? Can someone build a match.com for people looking for co-founders. We are having a hell of hard time finding one. Please don't tell me craigslist. ;) hard reload First of this is not about Hacking or web2.0. This is about why I decided to have a startup. You don't have to read.But if you do, thanks for your time. For a long time I thought I wanted to have my own business. I starter with Import-export. That did not last a year and left me with more debt than what I make in 9 months. I am still paying for that matter fact. Then I thought I had a gift for seeing what will be a hot in technology. I remember talking to friends about web based word processors, mobile voip and niche social networks before this things were what they are today. But soon after I realized that most people thought of it too, but like me they did not do anything about it. I found myself running left and right, getting with developers and working on cool projects, only to abandon them and getting into something bigger. I am a Dreamer. I dream of products in the day and gather people to implement them by the evening. And that is it. After it is done I keep fwding the launch. I realized that I was not a business man. So why starting a startup? Well I think I want to be a Teacher, or a role model. I would like to build a successful startup, but I would love to sit on the other side of the table and listen someone who has nothing more than an idea and $1.75 to pay the bus fair to come talk about their idea. I think I would love to sit down in the coffee shop and get so excited about his/her idea that I can yell "You are a FUCKING Genius KId". I think I would love to tell her/her to call someone who had something similar and get with him/her to build their startup.I think I would love to be woken up by the same entrepreneurs at 3 AM, just because the servers are down and they are freaking out as users in Russia are assaulting them with emails. I think I would love to help him/her calm down and find a solution to the problem. I think I would love to relax sometime in my beach-side coffee shop and laugh with them about how 3 years ago they had only an idea, a passion and $1.75, and today the only think that worries them is "how the HELL are they going to keep 1, 2, 3 millions users happy?" But before doing all that, I think I need to be in the same situation the kid is. I must start with nothing and build something. I must really be tired and know that the only thing that is keeping me up is Passion. I must be nervous at launch and wait for the first 1000 registered users. I would be a fool if i was to give advices to someone if I don't know how they feel at the time. The problem may be different, but the feeling is the same. Maybe you feel like me. Maybe you like to THINK and CREATE, but adore to SHARE. Maybe instead of sharing features like WEB2.0 standard, you want to share your experience and help someone else become successful. Maybe you just want to smile and tell the entrepreneur. "You got yourself, myself and my wife's money into a HELL of A MESS, Now ROLL UP your sleeves and let's FIX THIS THING" That's why I am starting a STARTUP. Bubble here, Burst there? All bubble & burst mean is more opportunities. Yes. you heard. This Tech Startup Stuff is just like real estate. People make money when the market is hot, but people make more money when the market is fucked up. Why? Because everyone else and their cousin are scared and know someone who lost all their savings. If you see startups shutting down and former entrepreneurs looking for jobs, do yourself a big favor, KEEP GOING or START YOUR STARTUP. Those who made money after the market crash of 1929 were not who sold the days before, but those who bought the days after. Accordnig to a Unviesrtsy reseacrh waht mattres the msot is the fisrt and lsat lettres of each wrod. Waht do you tinhk? simply "wikipedia" email to sms gateway and you will see all results. This option is fine, but if you use it too much, you will considered spammer. So if you are trying to build a lasting business, be careful with it. Ok. I have a question. I am not a coder, but aren't digg, yc news, reddit all using a repeated statement as easy as Select count (story_votes)/ story_age(which is sysdate-date_added) "alias" from table stories order by alias desc GET a DELL. Just kidding. just kidding. Common we can use some laughter. Internet Startup co-founder asking. I have no coding experience (except for sql queries) what is a language I can start to learn so I can better understand my business/ Tell that the programers in eastern Europe. Thanks for your answers. What do you think is the differnce between a tech startup and a tech enabled one? Which one is yours? Dude. Evry freaking second counts. So please save your pointless remarks. Asswer the question or skip it. That only depends. Some people are good only 3 hours a day, but you best believe that they will outdo most programmers who put in 8 hours/day. Nevertheless I would advise you to quit your job and focus full time on your startup. Whether he was a founder or not, you can tell the Man is highly intelligent and would add to any team. He is a three edged sword. Philosophy, Coding and most importantly social skills. 1- DEMO EVERYWHERE When rock stars have nothing more than a a beat-up old van, they sing for everyone for free or money. DO the same thing. Any chance you have Demo your app. 2- FORGET INVESTORS (just for a little while ) Have you ever heard of Bing Jong? No!! You know why? Becasue he made only 3 songs and went around every record label on earth trying to get a million dollar deal. Forget it. Launch it. Investors will find you faster than you can spell FAST if you are good. 3-RECORD SONG EVERY DAY AND RELEASE THEM Rock stars always record and release. Why would your audience want the same features? Improve them, Give them something new whenever possible. Bonus: And always remember this one, if you paid a starving rock star all the money in the world to throw his guitar over the bridge, You would probably end up in the water. Never Quit. dude. This is exactly the problem. When someone thinks differently, they become quickly part of the other group. This is 2007. Every single one of us is supposed to be an activist on his own. As long as you are not taking away from others it is fine. Make your point, Defend your point. If 5 people in room always agree, then clearly that room is clearly not filled with intelligent people. Dude. relax. Well Russ. The point is not the number.It's like saying your startup has only 2% chances of succeeding. It is just to say something the majority. In my case what I am saying is that not every one has the same opinion. And that is exactly what makes the Internet powerful. If we all wanted the same opinion we would read USA Today, but no we come here and find people who think completely differently from others. But the best thing is that within that group, they still think differently from one person to the other. Again, if they are 5 people in a room and they always have the same ideas and principles, They are never going to learn from each other. There is clearly something personal going here. Let's all remember there are too many IP addresses. People will speak freely, anyone who is trying to go against is still living in the 60s One sure thing is that YC invests in companies that enables the average Joes (like me) to do things the simple way. It has to be dead simple to use (well I am sure there a few exceptions). I am not sure I would use Weebly, but it sure can help several people with little technical background. Does anyone knows if Weebly lets you use a custom URL? VC If you think about it YC News is nothing more than a RSS reader, but an intelligent one. Users search and find information all over the web (not only where you tell them because you sure do not know all the places where good info resides) and bring it to you. Nice. And all you RSS reader wants you to do is submit an interesting comment or story every now and then. Sweet. Why does it look so much like Reddit? It seems to me that Weebly has a long term strategy. They are trying to build a good user base. As they improve their service those non-technical users will learn how to build more complex websites and eventually some applications. It is sort of like starting a Kinder_garden with the goals of adding a Grade each year so your students won't have to look for another school. A big LCD HDTV. hook up computer box to it. Hook up a wireless keyboard to it, Next thing you know Reading YC news from the couch. TAKE CLASSES AT A COMMUNITY COLLEGE. You might be able to teach yourself from a book, but that only works for a very few people (ususally those who are trying to learn a new language rather than someone with no experience). I tried to teach myself some SQL (with no database or programming experience), it didn't work. After 6hours/week for 4 weeks at school, I was doing ok. Heck that was 3 months ago, and it has tremendously helped me. Now, I am looking into a taking some java classes at a technical school. The classes are cheap and you will get more than the fundamentals in 2 months. The rest will come as you practice and work along side a developer on your project. I downloaded HH a little while ago. Good for people with no experience. 2 side projects for fun. 1. Mobile search. No website. If we did it would be a one static page site. 2. Image recognition. Also no interaction with a website. As far as goods, I would stay away from it. Logistics r pain in the butt. Code code code, blog, blog, blog, call, call, call, give, give, give, and hopefully sometimes later cash, cash, cash What happened is that someone was offended by one of your comments and they go around and make sure that you loose points. the worst thing is that some of them will follow you for a couple of days and keep doing this. The best solution is to simply write a script that counts how many time we voted down the same user's comments and do a ratio. We are a Mobile Media Startup. Think of a stripped down SplashcastMedia meets your mobile phone. We are launching soon. we also have fun Mobile pet projects on the side. I got rejected by the YC and it still annoys me ever now and then, but the article is good and right. Ok maybe sayuing billionaires is a bit too much, maybe most of them will sell for a few millions but if you think about it when they start they second with the money form the first, they will have better chances at making billions. GO YC. And next time invite me to San Fran Dude Logos are so 1990s, just write the name in bolder and bigger font that is it. Several writers claim that because technology costs have tremendously dropped in the last few years, it is easy to create a successful company. Man. Common. It's just like saying "Sneakers cost $15.00, now everyone can be the next Michael Jordan". Yes, it is easy to put something up on the Net, but I bet you turning that website of yours into a successful business is going to take more than a nice design and private beta. geeks. Love it. Love it. Love it Hi Guys. We are a mobile startup that also writes a blog about the industry.If you are a mobile startup, we would like to profile your company. EMail us. cribornament (at) gmail (dot) com cribornament (dot) com dude, if you cant convince the one who decided to spend the rest of her life with you, how are you going to convince people who dont know you to invest in your company? YC totally got a recipe.Paul G.tell us what it is. It has to be more than "Make something people want". You just add the app and ask a friend or two to do the same, then you can test it. PRWeb thank you. That would be nice but it doesn't test the functionality from one operator to the other. Nice. but cost too much. Thanks for the link. Yospace is really cool. thank you Not too bad centercode. Thank you Merlot. Email us at cribornament at gmail dotcom I wonder when people are going to get it. We have been talking about "IN-vertising" for ever but NO, NO, NO. We still want to guess what the user wants. No software can tell what a user wants better than the user him/herself. I believe we should spend more time and resources providing users with services that let the user initially decide the ads they want. For me send anything that rhymes with coffee, mobility, startups and thick women. Block the other ads. If I feel like buying a car in the next few weeks, then let me pull the firefox or IE plugin and tell it to serve me a few VW Golf ads and listings. Would it be hard to build such a plugin? One thing I will give the YC guys though is that you can make some hell of user friendly website. I know what the site does within 5 seconds. Anyone has a few spare hours to spend on my website? Yes it is. If there are 4 cars dealers in my state who have what I am looking for, they can all serve ads to me, then I compare and buy the best car with the best payment option. All good answers. The reason I am asking is because we made such a software for java phones ( and we can port it to more phones) and I was wondering if that feature is enough to launch a startup around it. What do you think hmmm sounds nice. If you are asking for things to do,then it is clear that you are now unchallenged by your company. By some land near the city and staret building a house. I personaly like prefabs that you can put together.Then stuff that bad boy with books from the earliest centuries to the latest "the world is flat". Read about topics other than "javascript". Subscribe to newspapers. I like FT,NYT,WSJ,USAtoday and some magazines like DWELL. It hurts a lot my friend. Have you not received that email from ycombinator after they made the 40 some invitation calls? Or have you not launched a product and have 100 users after 5 months (knowing that 95 are from your friends network)? That being said, startupreneurs are usually go-getters by nature. It hurts us more to stay inactive than to to fail. So it is more like choosing between two pains. THIS (startuping), my friend, is an incurable illness. The only way to stay alive is do work on something you like. If you do not, you are slowly making yourself weaker. I am. Overhear lets you talk about your workplace in general thats it. I want a place where i can say I HATE being President of a Multinational ... My dream job would be to open a coffee shop and have special drinks like MAC latte, GeekMochachino....I dunno. some place where the future "tech billionaires" will come hang out and trade me some stocks for free coffee.... That is a good start. Who ever wants to do it should add audio and video support. just so I can say this SH?? out loud. That would make me feel good. budddy. 80% of all people dislike their jobs. Now Hating is totally more then disliking, but disliking is the start. Sure enough. And because most wont change their job, there is your opportunity to do something revolutionary. 1 The first was a mobile game distribution network. Developers upload their games and tag them. Publishers get a widget they embed on their site and displays games relevant to their website content. If their audience like a game, then they simply input their phone number in the widget and hit SEND to my phone. It didn't work because I kept changing my direction and I wanted to wait until everything was perfect to launch. Big mistake. Several months of development out the window. 2 An location based SMS coupons. User registers for offers they are interested in and add zip code. Advertisers choose a radius to distribute their ad and send it to all users within the perimeter. Too easy to copy and SMS business is costly. Still got some interest from some VIP in the mobile field. The real reason was I got bored with it. 3. A RSS to SMS/IM content distribution. It failed because i just kept changing direction. On top of that the idea was not unique at all. PS> Now i am working on something truly unique. Well at least it hasn't worked so far although a few carriers and handset manufacturers have tried it.If I do not get a call from PG after launching this one, then I will be xtremly surprised. I am already working on my own project. Plus I only like to work on mobile tech. But if no1 does within 2 weeks I am gonna use joomla and put this up quick Yes. I am speaking from personal experience. It took me forever to find a technical cofounder. If I had technical support in the beginning from experts maybe I could have sold and market it.there are lots of people who know what they want and how to build a company, but they just can't make it. Correct me if I am wrong. But I believe in those situations they would fund your idea and let you hire techies. Now how can you hire a dev when you do not know what ajax is? So the program would will provide the best teams and ideas with technical support. People who know the differnce between php and ruby and scaling and browser based etc.... Hire developers for 2 months and work on the apps. Invest 15,000 for development like PG maybe. I mean guy launched truemors for 12K Dude have you ever try hiring a developer? It can be really hard for someone who has never done it. 40 percent of the time they get played and let with half a website. I work for an Indian firm and everyday we get people who complain about how some other dev messed up their project and they must launch soon. I got your back. Give me 20 months unless someone do it right now. Partner. "Difficult takes a day, Impossible takes a week." This is how revolutions are started Yep and to those who dont believe than you must believe the following "Build it and they will come". I dont. i ll answer that when you answer what exactly is "talented developer/programmer". We can both write books on the subject. I am just glad the reddit guys didn't think it was impossible to change the way we get/submit news or any web relevant content. By saying it can't be done what you are really saying is I am not up to the challenge . Now I am not saying this is easy task. Thank you What do you mean? Good point. The issue is easily solved by making developera part of the program by choosing whcig projcts they would like to work on the most and why Call me crazy but it feels good to have PG comment. To get back to your comment, I respectfully disagree. that is like putting a limit to the power of thought. Think about manufacturing. How many clothing line make millions of dollars and are highly successful, but the founder can't even use a sewing machine. Same for moms who make millions because they thought of a crazy fork-knife combined and hired a manufacturer to make a prototype. Or how many people own a Italian restaurant and are American and never been to Italy and don't know how to cook. It all start with what if if I can say that, then I just need to get up and go find someone to make it. Excuse the typo, suretype is still at its primitive stage. Not at all. If I make your prototype and help you launch it. If it is a good product then eventually you will be able to add technical cofounders and they can come in and help even more. It also shows that you are good at something other than thinking and you are already trying to make your vision a reality. That alone, my friend, is worth millions. Doubt it let's go to a vc and you got an idea and I got the prototype. Would you like to bet on it That is called being optimistic I believe. It might never make it through the first 25 users. Maybe it will suck to death. Money from s startup or from the lottery, it is totally arbitrary. All I am trying to say is that such a program should exist. Dude. If we move our thinking process from this is not going to work to how are we going to make it work then a solution will emerge. I mean common, we are at ycnews where people challenge the Impossible. So you are telling me that if you find someone who gave away 5 % of his stock to get an alpha product out, asuming you like the idea, you still would not consider being a cofounder to his startup ? The way startups are made today is almost the same 1.have a unique idea 2. Work hard at building the alpha and demo it 3. Get funded and grow it. Etc.... All I want is to have step 1.5 get someone who understand your vision to help you build the alpha. Thinking of a unique clothing line isn't that different from thinking of a unique web app. If you doubt then I suggest you grap a grab a pair of loafers from cole haan and compare it to one from banana republic. Look at the threads inside. Look at the cut and drive with it. If you think it is the same then you are as my friend who cannot understand the differnce between hotmail and gmail. Designing a jcrew sweater for complicated people like me is as hard as designing a web app. You are looking at major clothing lines, but maybe you should digg underground and find brands that are less known. The restaurant argument is harder to prove. So you got that one. And even if designing a sweater was easier than building a web app, I can argue that you can distributing your service is 25 times easier than distributing your sweater. Thinking of a unique clothing line isn't that different from thinking of a unique web app. If you doubt then I suggest you grap a grab a pair of loafers from cole haan and compare it to one from banana republic. Look at the threads inside. Look at the cut and drive with it. If you think it is the same then you are as my friend who cannot understand the differnce between hotmail and gmail. Designing a jcrew sweater for complicated people like me is as hard as designing a web app. You are looking at major clothing lines, but maybe you should digg underground and find brands that are less known. The restaurant argument is harder to prove. So you got that one. And even if designing a sweater was easier than building a web app, I can argue that distributing your app is 25 times easier than distributing your sweater. That's what I thought the talented Mr Blader. going around down voting isn't making a point is it? Its like the bully hitting the weak kid because he cannot respond intelligibly to his questions. Please speak your mind. If you cannot convince me without down voting, maybe you need to read a few blogs about how to get IT out of the brains. It is a very short distance, but for some it is a long way so they just go with the next best thing. In this vas that is down voting. Because you cannot hit me physically you are trying to get points away. I believe that is showing your level of maturity and if you are truly honest to yourself I am challenging you to put your startup name here and I will put mine. We should all agree to disagree. If you do not like my comment then do not read them. Excuse my freedom of speech. Ok I apologize. I feel bad now. That part was supposed to be fun. As I said before noone knows what the outcome is. It doesn't make sense to go through all my comments ever made and down vote them. If you do so all that's gonna happen is some friends are gonna go and do the same to you and vote up my comments again. At the end no1 is going to benefit. Now please tell us your startup since you are so sincere about down voting me and I will tell mine. You are acting like a groupy 99% of entrepreneurs are working on web apps. Is there any1 here whoz tech startup involves building hardware. That is cool. Waiting for Demo Day No particular reasons. I just think there is a huge opportunity is the field and they usually require more capital. And I want to see someone go against the titans of hardware. Thank you, I just got 44 points back. good one.As a matter of fact I know who went around and down voted other users, but giving his username will not help my startup or any1s so (B....) I hope you have learned your lesson. thank you. I just dont want to pay $100 for it. I will try them. NO joke. When I am ready I am giving Bryan a call. Mr Kennedy expect my email in 6 months. Force yourself to sleep and it is most likely not going to happen. What I found helpful is to ACCEPT that you cannot sleep, but you can RELAX. Get your MIND OFF RUBY and think about that HOT WAITRESS you have been dying to ask out on a date. Imagine being on a date with her and start SMILING, I promess you will go to sleep within 15-30 minutes. Loosing your wife Never Ever Give Up. That's right, although I believe as an entrepreneur you should worry sometimes. Well at least for me it helps sometimes. I agree. This thing is going to be a Power Plant. Thank you all Can we get some hints here? That's like the third best thing after not making it ( the 2nd being we reviewed our product and made it better) Dude. I need more than that. Anyone could have predicted that. Thats not info Weeblyrocks. It is totally ok to have a different point of view. Most of the time if you explain it intelligibly you will end up with more friends. It's not about what you say, it is about how you say it. And remember that just because people do not know who is saying what; that doesn't mean that they cannot be hurt. Reading is good. Correction. Reading is GR8. The only issue is that you have a few hours in a day to focus on your startup and you tend to translate any minutes and hours into features and debugging, thus sparing 20 hours for a book can be an issue. Also one issue is that 95% of books in any given category are mostly copy and paste books. What I suggest is to ask 3 people you consider as role models WHAT BOOK WOULD YOU RECOMMEND? You will end up with 5 or 6 titles, but they will be way more helpful. If you admired me I would suggest "THE MYTHICAL MAN MONTH" "WORLD IS FLAT" , and I have not read the following one but every one here talks about it "FOUNDERS AT WORK" I agree partially, I am not saying that you shouldn't read the most you can. I used to read one book a week. I found that when you read different subject, then that is good, but when you read the same subject over and over again, you usually end up with the same data or you end up with so much information that you can hardly act up on it. Reading to learn about entrepreneurship is good, but DOING is much better and I still believe that reading 40 books about "lisp" is not going to make you better than reading 5 great ones and using the rest of your time practicing. Although the point of reading is not solely to gather information, it automatically comes with it. The server between our ears stores it all. No delete. Rarely. At the end if you want to read 30 books that are truly valuable to you, then read HISTORY before and after the major World War and Market crashes. Read about Ricardo competitive advantage theory. Success alone is word we shall use with care. Successful at is better. And you are successful when your grandkids' kids read about you (of course in a positive manner) in their class. Most likely you won't be here to know that you have succeeded. Cool. I live in Marietta (vinings). The bottom line is that social networks are mostly a waste of time. Geek and Social do not really go together. You usually have a small and close group of friends and you sure do not need FB or MSp to connect with them. I have a FB profile and that is because I have a Facebook application and my only friends are a few users and my co-foundrs. But remember that just because you are not using Facebook does not mean you should not look for opportunities in the environment. If you can build an app that will generate a nice return within a few months, then do it. learn to love.... We do not love jobs, what we have is Passion for our apps. We do not want 2 b offered Jobs, we want to Create them. We do not want to work for Google, maybe they can buy our startup, but we will leave as soon as we can. We do not want to work with 100k other employees, we want to work with 100M users. We are artists. We create it. They enjoy it. That we love. maybe http://sribd.com THIS IS TRULY A GLOBAL PHENOMENON. And what we see now is just the start of it. Loving it man. I do not know about Portland, things are slowly heating up in Atlanta. Amen. Good. Simple and straight fwd. You will see a 15% growth once you add other features (maybe Gmap, Google calendar syncrho, etc...) and you will see a 90% growth once you read and apply this http://particletree.com/features/the-importance-of-design-in... IF your customers are the everyday internet consumers then forget charging, unless you want to turn into a call center. You guys make me feel soooo not smart at this point. great writing. everyone should read it and try not to just scan through it or you will miss a very valuable lesson. At techcrunch you miss 90 % of startups. You only get to read about companies the editors believe are different. HERE, we are all the same. My karma could be 2 and still my story or startup could be on top of the listing. Seriously guys Tichy has a point here. I am a big fan of YC startups ( even though we did not make it this time and sure will next one), but telling us about the night before and the day after is not really "feeding one's intellectual curiosity". So please let's try to stay around The "Hacker News" theme until we change it to something broader. PS:"Matt, this is not personal at all. We just want to know what's for diner" Flickr, Zoho, Flirtomatic. It is not hard to start a startup outside the valley, it is simply "harder". It won't be easy no matter where you are. My winners are Anywhere.fm and Dropbox. The minute anywhere goes mobile they will truly change the way we listen to music or anything audio. If you think about it one day people will laugh about the Ipod. I never really grasp the concept of putting all your songs in a box. It is like carrying all your savings in a briefcase rather than a debit card. Anywhere will soon ( i hope) start streaming your tunes using edge, gprs or wifi enabled phones. wacth out Jobs. My winners are Anywhere.fm and Dropbox. The minute anywhere goes mobile they will truly change the way we listen to music or anything audio. If you think about it one day people will laugh about the Ipod. I never really grasp the concept of putting all your songs in a box. It is like carrying all your savings in a briefcase rather than a debit card. Anywhere will soon ( i hope) start streaming your tunes using edge, gprs or wifi enabled phones. wacth out Jobs. Maybe it means " play it (any song ) anywhere on the best web music player ( which would be the Anywhere music player)" so translation play that song anywhere you are on anyhwere. Then again I may be wrong. yeah right! a startup is your life buddy. Anything else you do is considered as an escape from that life. Some escapes are nice (like when you have sex or go for a walk or drink) and some suck (like when you go to your day job) Thanks. and my bad on the star. I know the feeling. You may feel like shit, but wait until you stop working and you will soon feel dead. I rather feel shitty than dead. you know that songs that goes like "don't stop. believe it....." The issue is that individuals are forced (by family, school or the system) to work at things they do not enjoy, therefore the value they produce is not proportional to the amount of energy spent THINKing or DOing. The main cause of all these problems is the system. 95% of people are brainwashed and asked to follow a path that someone else designed. It is not always a bad thing to follow another path, but at least know who the heck designed it. The consequences are people make money and are not happy, people go to work and count down the hours before they can live. To them work is going from 9 to 5 ( or any schedule) instead of accomplishing "step n today". Now most of those 95% won't get it. If they did, forums like this one would not exist. Sometimes the beauty of life lies in " some of us not getting IT" (where IT could be anything). Acquisition 101. Thou Shall Not Give A Price First 102. Thou Shall Triple Any Offer 103. Thou Shall End Up With Double What They Offer zzz. Oops i missed that, I was sleeping Well, first you get to rethink your idea and ask yourself" WTF is wrong here?" Then you start tweaking it here and there, making it simpler (but better) and a few months later you find that maybe the original idea wasn't all that, and the current one is more solid. Now you have been working hard to make the necessary changes and you are going to launch this Fall. BTW the letter hurts. Brainstorming is a waste of time. sell your car, move with your girlfriend/boyfriend and code till you get a call from Yahoo. Nope. Entrepreneurship and ethics go together. Chances are you can make more than 35k working as consultant or some odd jobs rather than working for someone else. That could be your first step. There are lots of people who would love to know what you know. Put a simple web page and offer consulting services and go to Odesk, Craiglist. Soon you will have a better income and more time for your startup. Coding is a lifestyle. You can learn how to code. Anyone can. But by the time you have learned enough to build your idea, it will have become obsolete. get a co-founder maybe or hire a firm to do the work for you and take it from there. You are less likely to succeed, but at least you will not sit down some day and say "I should have tried". Take it from a suit. Phone manufacturers and wireless providers still do not get it. Real coders will do anything in their collective power to provide users with what they are being robbed off everyday. Instead of investing in locking software, they should be open from the start. Lazy people have the best ideas. Lazy people always try to cut the process short and find the easiest way to do things. Now this is a gift and a curse as they never act. This is how we all get to hear stories of someone saying "Oh I had this idea n months ago. They stole my idea" you cannot find time. What you can do is send them my way. my number is 404-gogmail You guys. We all know you are all super intelligent and well educated, but this is exactly the problem that comes with being too smart. You make things a bit more complicated. Outsourcing = letting a third party handle a piece of your production. Offshore = outside defined geographical limits. The expression is offshore outsourcing. I am not so technical, but I think ajax could help here. i hate it when the page reloads 25 times just to see them all. this is exactly what I am talking about. Thank you for the scientific expose. they look for Men Well said. Do not ever respond to someone who calls you names. It is also ok to add "panache" to your headline. Everyone else does it, but I would specify in the subject section what I really mean. We do not want to hurt anyone feelings, and historically people have gotten more by asking rather than forcing someone to give it to them. what is this doing here? http://dwell.com it still hurts, but Thank you Thank you Gibsonf. Sometimes it feels better to tell your problems to people who do not know you and can be frank with you. I appreciate all the advices. Thank you everyone for your support. After posting this and answering 2 comments, I turned off my laptop and went to sleep. I didn't do sleep right away. My girlfriend told me everything ( well according to her ) and what was in her heart. I didn't really like what I heard, but at least I felt free. Now that I think about it, maybe it isn't that bad a little bit. When feelings are involved everything doubles up. We are now on the same page and it is better to get out now than latter. The car, the phone I will replace. It is ok. I start realizing that maybe not being connected is not that bad. I think I am not going to replace the push-email enabled phone for a while and enjoy my new found freedom. The job, I don't care. I am happy now. I can concentrate on my startup and I have been doing some consulting ( self proclaim consultant )work, but I was scared to go at it full time. Now, that is what I am doing and at least I enjoy it. Thank you guys. Maybe I will never see all of you in real life, but you have made me feel better. Everyone needs someone. And sometimes that someone, or "those people" are the ones you argue with online, the ones who don't have a name but a username, the ones who take a moment away from their precious time and support you through hard times. Thank you all. Does anyone know if you get some feedback when you apply early? Is that the day they emailed me back that rejection. Take it from someone who quit. If you want to climb the corporate ladder than definitely go to college and sell your parents house to finance it. It will be worth it. I've seen it work. If you want to build your own ladder (as what I am doing now), then I suggest you check that college thing again. I look around and I see my friends who graduated from school and they all make 1.5 to twice what I make a year, but not for long. The difference shows sometimes in our lifestyle and the way we look at the future. They see title, I see users. They see corporate car, I see users. They see 401k, I see Acquisition. Their biggest dream is to make Project manager or CEO. Fuck it I am CEO, and my wildest dream is to get that call from Sergey asking me for advices. My startup and I are moving to Japan. These guys aren't waiting. This speed will have so much impact in their culture and work in 10 years that other nations may sit and wonder wtf happened. I sort off have a website for the consulting stuff I do now, but because I sometimes get crazy here I would like to keep that aside. As for what I do, I had 2 jobs and left one lately. Now I am focus on my main one, as a part of a mobile software devel team ( I am not a coder, just a talker, but I sure know how to bring in deals ). Now did i not say this. This is one startup product I can honestly say I am jealous of. Boy why did I not think of it? I am gonna start being a hater (lol). Just kidding. Love it. Keep up the good work. If I was a rapper, I would say "PG you the Truth, man". I wanted to say "you the shit, man", but that sounds bad although that means a good thing in music language. Cool. So the hardware nuts go there and talk about building stuff, then they look for the parts on the site before buying it from the site. f??k yeah it is. Yes it is. It is actually a gr8 thing. Being envious is nothing but desiring the same thing someone else has. Of course I want what the sergey and Larry have. I certainly want what the zentel guys have. I also want what the anywhere FM guys have. But it is not that I want their product or money, but I want to be where they are. I certainly do not want them not to have what they have. Now that would have been horrible. As long as you want to have the same as the other guy without taking away from his success then it is ok to want it. Actually I would advise you to wake up every morning and tell yourself I am going to build a company that people want just like anywhere.FM and zenter and delicious and flickr and all the other successes did. I can recall PG saying to us being successful mean getting the founders rich Remember that album promoters who will use your site are most likely the one who promote their own work. So i would make that clear and loud. Instead of spending time and $ running around with posters and Flyers, this is the one place where they can do it all. I like the SMS thing in it. You could add another simple feature where they can upload a piece of mp3 and distribute their own ringtone too. Good job man. It is true that some names are completely ridiculous, but at the end i doubt that it really matters to users. What this blogger fail to realize is that some of the companies with the coolest names are completely worthless also. Touche This shit is fucking truth. I am no saint, but i tell the truth most of the time, when I know it will get me in trouble. I cannot stand fucking liars. It's like being scared of someone or what they are going to do. What you will realize is that by always telling the truth everybody around you will envy you for it. Seriously? I never tried IILWY. I think, as Blored mentioned, that the problem here is their presentation. At the same time the quality of this videop is poor, so that is working against them. Maybe we need to see a good presentation b4 we can judge. That being said, I still think that online dating stuff is for teenagers and really old people. Anyone in the middle can do fairly ok by wearing a bleu shirt (most attractive color to women), a nice watch, going to a bar and shut up. You will find soon more women trying to figure you out, then you can find online. Clearly this guy is outside his mind. You might have a bad experience with a few white, black, poor, or rich people, but this certainly does not mean they are all the same. I have experienced similar situations several where people ask me stupid fucking questions or make ignorant comments just because of where I am from. I usually do not respond to such low level of maturity and knowledge and the few times I do I make sure they leave the room felling way less intellectual than I am (although I am not so smart, maybe a little bit). Sorry you got screwed by poor people, but not all poor people are the same. There are several stories we can tell about rich people screwing other rich people, in fct I am sure there are more of those cases than his. I just wanted to say that most people who read news.yc, read techcrunch as well, so maybe we should stop posting what we already get through our rss readers. just my 2 cents ou should connect with hacktracker and see what you guys can do together as far as mashing up your services hackermatcher When you start hearing "How did you do it?" If you gotta ask, then you are clearly not. Set a goal. Reach it. You are successful at that. That is the broadest def you can get. My point here is not my posts. I am asking your opinion about working hard in general vs having others to do it. It is just as asking self-fund your startup or using other people's money. I rather use your money.I personally do not think I work hard anymore and I would like to keep it this way. You are bringing a very good point. I was not implying that one should not work at all and run a sweat shop, but rather break the whole process into piece and find people who can do it better than you at a lower cost (physical, mental and financial). As I said earlier it is more like using my money . to fund the company or use Angel's money. I will go with other people money and now I also think I will go with other people hard work if I can outsource mine. At 26 I feel old. OK. Can someone tell me what are they going to release? And I do not want he classic "email analytics" answer Good idea, Bad technology, Bad implementation. For this to add value it must me something totaly mobile. It has to be a small GPS app that user can have on their phone, that detects their proximity to one of these spot and send them a text message or gives them a call. I just gave a quick look. It looks decent. O boy. Now you got two option. 1-Die trying (and as they say, if you do you won't care anymore) or 2-Become successful. I see you choosing option2. Take it form a non-technical co-founder. Nate, your co-founder doesn't have to move. You can. It is even better this way. I am working on my startup and my co-founder is a good thousands miles away from me. He handles all technical aspects and I do the other stuff. I read and learn a lot of stuff, so we can communicate technically, but the truth is if I was close to him all I would do is waste his time. So move and do your technical thing, Let me stay where he is and do his thing. Communicate a lot though. And do not start to IM with people like us unless you want to take a break from coding. I only talk with my cofounder at the end of his day, that way I know I am not in his way anymore. One question. How did you get the domain name? If she truly loves you, then she can help you when you think about giving up, or need her to handle bills while you build your ladder. If she does not, or is selfish, then keep liking here and keep loving your startup. Ilike. You need to get out there and kick major butts and get the most content you can get. Maybe you should get hot colege chicks to post on "meet people". gr8 job The truth is that those people deeply envy you. Just smile and say " I am alright now" This story makes lots of sense. Most of these millionaires live on a month to month basis, there4 they need to save every little dollar. To me money buys time. Forget a Ferrari, get a prius. besides, the new millionaire means 5M+ o Man. I love this place. I really do. This is a one stop shop to Learn, Teach, Laugh, Cry and more important a place to Fight. Now I am learning how to cook on the budget. Did I say I love you guys? All of you. thanks will chek although i believe 1600 is way too much for me. thank you for the details woooooooooooww. Thats all i can say. woooooooooooowww 25 + dropout twice. Never going back. It is truth that we have evolved, but if you want to take it in that sense. Imagine 5000 years from now, would you think it will be easier for human beings to read those images or English, Chinese? Imagine a lady in Romania, a kid in Senegal (West Africa) and a adult in Antartica. If they all received the same message in images or plain English ? Which one would they be more apt to understand assuming they never spoke or heard english? The point is not even that. I think we can make messages say more and be more interactive. That's just my thought and I like your constructive criticism I agree with you. Although I believe the real value of this dictionary and communication tool may be well beyond what all of us are thinking of right now. I think advertisement is totally different. For example, when you have basketball player selling you a Gilette razor, it makes absolutely no sense to me, same as Tiger Woods selling me a buick. That's wack. I mean a graphical representation that actually has a meaning, like the simple ;) When you see a picture of someone who smiles no matter where you are, it means happiness. Thank you for your input. If you see a chair you know it is a chair. It doesnt matter if it is a couch or a chair with 2 legs, the concept is that you understand that it means "something I can use to lay my buttox".What I am trying to do is not giving each word an exact image, but each image a unique meaning. Besides think of Africans uploading 1000 photos to describe the word Pain and Americans as well. Wouldn't that be good data to use and understand how we all understand pain itself? So how is Portland as far as starting a startup. I wanted to move to the valley, but it is somehow to damn expensive and I honestly do not like noddles, I am already skinny enough, SO how is portland? If you do not need it, then why try? Maybe you could simply save yourself the anxiety and code some more. I think we ought to stop fooling ourselves. Technically you do not need anything, Heck you do not even need a startup, but if you are applying to YC then you probably need it Now, if you do not make then at that point you do not need it anymore. Thats what I heard. I do not think it would bother me much. I can stay in for the day and only go out at night. Why can't we be friends? 1.Twitter (inside valley) vs Jaiku (outside valley). Jaiku is the winner so far. 1.google docs (in) vs Zoho (out). google is a winner so far although i use Zoho can someone tell me how to access this site (send a link other than homepage). I keep waiting forever, but nothing but the voice Dude, you guys are making it so freaking hard on yourselves. You have the right to be in the US for up to 6 months I believe without a working visa. Assuming you are a startup who the fuck knows that you are working when you are not supposed too. I say come in as a visitor and while you are here for "fun", make the connections and taste the waters. If everything is running smoothly then you can contact the Immmigration in place and make the necessary changes. YOu will be surprised how much can be done if you sit down with them live and tell them you are building a 100 million dollar company, but you need his/her help to do it legally. That's my take Powerset is simply a bunch of hype and money thrown in the windows. You can build an engine much better overnight using the Yahoo answers and AnswerBag APIs. voip startup, nothing social about it Me. but my co-founder is a coder. I say don't waste time doing all this stuff. How to build a natural language search engine. YahooAnswersAPI + AnswerBag API + index all FAQ webpages + index YELP and similar Q&A sites. That is it. Then when you get bought for that secret underlying technology send me a check. Matter fact don't. Send it to a educational charity in Africa or the 100 laptop project. Edit: I know this because I got one of my co-workers to do it for me in the past using only the Yahooanswers api and believe it anyone who tried it loved it although it was more fun than helpful. no need to. UPDATE: textmarks has an API. wow. there a total winner then http://textmarks.com/dev Sorry I was sleeping> Anyways here is your answer. 1. If you are broke, like me then consider using an email to sms gateway. you will need to know the subscriber's provider. It can work if you are offering a one-way sms service such as updates. Watch out for SMSC spam catchers . 2. If you have money, but no time then you can use a provider such as Clickatell or Verisign and they will do all the background work. All you will need is an access to their API plus a monthly fee of 500-1500/month on top of SMS fees. 3. You have money plus time plus contacts then Forget all these guys and provision your own short-code, then start emailing your contacts at Verizon and them to give you access to their SMSC. When people say "I don't know how twitter pays for 250k SMS/month" they don't know that Twitter is probably paying less than your startup will for 10k SMS. that is the advantage of working directly with the carriers. SMS is super cheap for them. 4. You got money, but want to be careful, then I suggest http://mobivity.com or http://textmarks . This service charge you for zero to only a few bucks and give you a unique keyword plus short-code. You can easily talk to Greg Harris who is the CEO of Mobivity and he is very open to entrepreneurs looking to use his service which is why he has an API.I mean he will literally let you launch a product competing with his. Textmarks doesn't have an API to my knowledge but you can certainly email Ariel Poller. i would try something like apoller or a.poller@textmarks.com. Be smart when you choose a provider that offers a short-code.When you rent a shared short-code, it can change at any time and now your 50k users have to know your new short-code. If you are doing a interactive SMS service, that can suck. If you are going for the private short-code, then you are safe as a long as you can shell out 1000/month. If you are proficient with Mobile applications, the best way to go is to build your own messaging application. Now when someone sends you a SMS or you send your user a sms ask send them a link as well and ask them to download it. there you have it, no more SMS fees for that guy and your messages can be 500 characters long. OOps I gotta go make more coffee. Email me if you like and I can be more detailed, i just went on here without knowing exactly what you are doing. "the pressure is on, but guess who ain't gonna crack" I know I am moving. I am almost sure that there is less evil, hatred, jealousy, envy and competition anywhere outside this world. Let me stop ou there buddy. the rocioromero house are very nice, elegant and open. You can truly tell that this house is designed to let you breath. Seriously all the extra we are adding to house is to personalize them. Why? Why trying to be so freaking different. I am a victim of that problem as well, we need to all relax and spend less on material crap Indeed it is an experience. you have been around for 20 days only. You will see a lot creepier. Here and on your way to success. If you run away from YC because of my 15 lines, I doubt how you will do as a startupreneur. EDIT: Sorry sbh i shouldn't comment on the 20 days. that was a lil mean. Guys. I apologize to anyone who felt this is too serious for this audience.The item wasn't focused on YC, but to whatever you are seeking. What I am saying is that in every journey they will come decisive moments, but what is more important is how we react to those moments. I wasn't suggesting that you should eat, drink, sleep and breath startup (although I do, but then again, I am no role model) as in a cult but really simply showing people what I have experienced here http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=47232 . In other words there is more to YC then being accepted thank you for insulting my little bitty of intelligence. touche. Are you a VC? 1. good for VCs 2. Failure due to market characteristics as well as team mismatches are simply the result of that Trial period. A consultant would come back after looking into the market and the team, and say " they don't fit" . 3. Because VCs don't want ot be in the Market Research business, they look for young people who have the time and energy and have been researching the market with their product in closed beta. Then if the result of that "market research" is promising, then they invest. That is what I was saying.Several bloggers and professionals are screaming Bubble because money is being thrown at startups again and there are popping everywhere. My point is that 1-if you understand that the same amount of money is being thrown at consultant to research the feasibility of a market, then you understand that the money is not much, 2-Just because there is lots of startups out there doesn't make it a bubble.There are way more clothing lines, then startups and somehow the market is absorbing. What will happen is the same as in all markets, if your product doesn't offer any added value through (functionality, price...) you will simply end up being dead before you can even close one round. End of your market research there. "as long as they are not...fun" Man you are the definition of introvert. Selective. Extrovert will kick it with anyone and make them "not boring'. I am not getting at you though. I am a introvert. i like that. it is funny that you say it. Sometimes we spend hours trying to figuring soemthing or days trying to get something (or someone in my case) and the minute you stop trying it all happens. I think by trying we are making it hard for "anything" itself to make it happen so just "let if flow" specially when your friends say it. Answer that question once when you are single and no mortgage, but if you have a life partner and house.., you may want to answer it a few more times. great then great great Syncing is very important and I am working on a downloable mobile app that will sync your mobile and web life as well as your friends into one. thank you I am sorry to say that but I want mobility. I dont want to drag a laptop or PC around. Listen "adult" the way I see it is very simple. If you are offended you are probably one of those hackers I am talking about. If I made a similar statement and said that NBA players need to play better, I am sure Steve Nash wouldn't feel offended, the ones who will (like you) are probably the other 80% who quite frankly are just above mediocre. Now, Prove me wrong and show us what you have that is sooooo useful. Thank you. Now we are getting somewhere. I didn't intend to insult anyone. Seriously. Sometimes we must call the cat by its name. Ok saying "do something useful" may have been a little harsh. Sometimes we need a mean voice to sparkle the energy, not some nice/sweet talk. Think "Hitler" he did a lot of bad, but sparkle lots of Good ( from people who wanted to prove us that Good still exist) around us. That is not to say we need the bad, but sometimes I takes a mouth like mine. I didn't point to anyone in particular. When people post comments like "You are crazy to build your startup around Facebook" I understand it and do not take it badly. All I do is go back to the lab and tell my team " Hey guys, noone is happy Let's build something good, something that adds value". We all say we like feedback, but we want to dissect it. No. Take it all the same. Now If my team had the expertise to solve this issue, I would not ask for action here. We have Mobile expertise and we do not ask for help here. That's all guys. And remember I am not a hacker so maybe you can simply say " He doesn't know what he is talking about. After all I am still unproven" (until I launch, then yo will love it. Something actually useful) Edited: PP. I could ask people to all follow a new religion named "Zigajaga", but they probably won't. I am not demanding you. I don't know you, and honestly after today, your username won't remind me much, but all I was doing was asking you guys to help. Now you can look at the first layer and say "Oh just another ignorant one", or you can say "What can I learn from this post"? The answer will be "Am I doing something useful?" or "Do I really need to write a script that reads a post and knows to send it to me or trash it or block the username forvever?" and that would be building what I ask you to? Not Demand, Not Forced, But asked. At the end, seriously, I got love for all hackers. I trully do, but if that means I can't be honest and straight with you guys then it certainly means I was wrong in the first place. staunch. Blaming the way I express myself is not gonna get us anywhere today. The fact of the matter is you understood it, now let's do something useful plz. It's hard to extend your life span as they are tons of factors, out of your control, that affect it. However, you can try to simply live. Most likely, anything you engage in (including too much sport) that is supposed to help you live longer will ultimately shrink your lifetime. Just live. We are programmed to live as long as we want to (unless a car runs us over). The trick here is to not fight nature, not follow society, and definitely master the differences between "need" and "want". Personally I hate offices. If you are really close to your co-founders, you can rent a house together and turn it into your headquarters. Geez. You scared the shit out of me. i was thinking "Facebook" "There has to be more money in selling cars than in selling online text-ads". Now that was funny. Your concept is good but I think you are simply going after the wrong niche. Web2.0 guys have bookmarks/tabs and once they fire FF they probably have all tabs open and they can use the google search box on the toolbar. You should apply the same concept to sports for example and create startup page with the hottest sport website and links ...Then go after teenagers and launch the Gossip or Hollywood startup page...Before you know it you will have all these niche communities. That's just my 2 cents. This is a great service. I do not have much advices as I do not know about your industry but I can clearly see the value. Too bad I just moved from Smyrna ( I lived on Paces Ferry & Cumberland) or I would use it. Good luck, It's always nice to see startups from the ATL I see 20000 new startups by next summer. The article is great. The only problem is that we hear the same story every hour or so. What some of us fail to realize is that most startups were not started as startups. As a matter of fact I would say that the majority of successful entrepreneurs did not start with the idea of owning/running a business. Usually engineers/hackers work on a app in their past time out of curiosity and build a product. The business or startup naturally follows. Maybe if we skip the insult we can all come to an understanding. I do not think you deserve an explanation from me, but I will still give one for the intelligent and respectful others. Most successful companies today were started by engineers who were working on a product/service as a project. After realizing that they are sitting on something valuable (and most likely this happens by accident), they start to look into building a company around the product. Several people wake up and have the intention to start a business. I think that most people who want to start a business first then try to find a problem to tackle are the ones who need this sort of article. And they are also the ones who are more likely to Fail. I am not being rude it is just a fact. I think this is a bad idea. Just my thought Why is it that every time you state your opinion (even in a respectful manner) someone has to down mod . Oops. You forgot to explain why. Use your own remede It all depends on the "Mother". If she loves you sincerely she will support you and the kid will not even know if you were there or not. At the end they will all enjoy the success. Besides a kid can be a motivation to become even more succesful. Good question. I must admit that I was against the change in the first few days, but slowly i started to learn more through links that related to science, philosophy and even architecture. There are still some parasite links. If you open your house to everyone you can rest assure that some people (who love disorder) will walk in and try to destroy it. Overall I still like HackerNewsNetworks and although I am not a Hacker I can still acquire a tremendous amount of knowledge. Tupac Still Ballin. Whooooo. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Gw0z87x-Ds thanks. can you give us a short introduction to your startup? i think most programmers intentionally dress down because it is almost as if they hurt their intelligence as a human being if they cared too much about anything as worldly as clothes, cars..(anything material). So they just do the bear minimum. The thing about it is that I rather build a $5M startup than having someone else sign my check. Plus I would hate to entertain people for a living. Thanks. I think i can start with Red5. "from your previous posts I'm assuming you want to do audio capture" Yep. Capture then push to the phone. I am certainly not a millionaire, but I have a few friends who are and judging from the way they are, I can guarantee you that anyone who says " there is more to life than money" is telling you 95% bullshit. That is unless you live somewhere Capitalism is not KING. Drupal. Don't. Good idea. I think now we are really heading somewhere. This is could be a start to fixing all the clutter and mess on the Web. I do not see "news.yc". I am not happy. Maybe that is good sign. If i went where 99% of the population goes to do things, find things, see things, then I must be in real trouble. What's up there. I have a mobile app that mines your phone and sends it to the server. it is up, and runnning and I have 1 corporate client. what is a good way to contact you? Not really. It's like asking an architecture firm to not rent office space. relax. there are thigns you know you know, things you know you don't know, and things you don't know you don't know. The latest is the scary one. I think PG and 'em should go full force and add Spring and Fall rounds. wsj is nice. PBS is good as well, but i treat morea s a source of information and not breaking news. agree on techcrunch. pitiful definitely tumblr i think youtube. why don't you just avoid writing one. the reason why people go to these site is simply because of the "mr me too" effect. Everyone goes there because everyone else goes there ( except for -i- and a few others who are more likely to be found in place like this one, although every now and then, someone from thoz sites escapes and find themselves here ) This is the only crowd where "money" comes almost last. i think we should kill the signup process for most websites anyways. few need it. we are soon launching an email startup and we will not require registration, username or passowrd, and we are still expecting users to login/out securely. i ll tell you when we launch. and most importantly pizzeria nice I think the author is omiting one important fact in those successful businesses : Time. Yes buddy, when Microsoft and walmart first launched they were only cool to a small group, but quite lame to the vast majority. They could not understand the value of home pc or super sized stores that cuts the local shop business in half. Maybe not so much for walmart since it provided instant gratification through cheap prices. It took time to educate the users, and the masses before getting significant traction. Google was the cool product a few years ago, today it is becoming more and more lame, but more and more attractive to users. Therefore, if you are product fanatic and you got techcrunched now you have earned the respect of the small smart crowd, but you need to educate the bigger crowd. Explain them that their vision has been imperfect and you are here to change that and this is how.... Now Personaly I don't like to work on something revolutionary (unless it could involve redistribution of wealth, world hunger or something similar), I don't want to pay for someone else's r&d, but I encourage anyone who is working on something cool to keep going, because I may sell for 5 millions in 9 months, but you will sell for 10 billions in a few years and you will be more likely to finance research for mental disease such as (greed). I think any civilization that is a tiny bit more advanced than us (and trust me it really isn't that hard) would wipe us out of the universe, and i personaly would not blame them. you have to sit back and think who would want to share the universe with creatures who hate, envy, kill their own, lies, cheats, destroys their once perfect habitat, pollutes, steals.... anyways my message to you the aliens is "back the f k off before you contract Humanitis. your most advanced doctors would NEVER be able to cure it" nice. i will probably try http://honolulu.craigslist.org/search/cas/?query=w4m thank you all. i end up having a menage a trois with |the big switch| (just how i like them) and |nescafe|. history tells us that recession is a time when creativity is at a all time high and you have a lot less competition. go for it. Frankly this whole startup hub crap just gots to be over with. I mean we are talking about tech companies and we still can't overcome location. Like we are real estate agents. Boulder has to start somewhere and I think they should push it. There will be a time (soon) when hubs won't exist anymore. Startups won't need to move, even after acquistion. You are absolutely right. Some people still think that yc funding has little value to startups, but most of us here believe the opposite. Let's give techstar some room and if we can't support, let's not throw stones at anyone who is trying to fill a void. see i think if we all sit down and say SV is the IT and fold our arms it won't work. there needs to be some of us who say "it can be another way". people and money, no matter how abundant in SV, are resources that can and should be distributed in a better manner. before bollywood, first came hollywood. now what if Indians said "we can't compete with the billions of dollars and actors, and connections in CA?" it all starts with "what if?" which one is Sergey Brin wife? Way to rub it in buddy. Now, I got go and work even harder. that's mean. And quite frankly it is very low for anyone to attack people in such a manner. If you cannot say something that adds value maybe you can save the keystrokes to promoting your gambling site. Man please Dude, if I ever come down to the level you (which won't happen in this lifetime) I will say you are an idiot. But I will never be at that level, so I will never say it. But just so you know, a lot of people won't work at your startup for too long if they have to put it with your brains. Idiot. anywhere was a winner from the day it launched. congratulations guys.... quite frankly i think it is a trial and error process. there really is no proven technique. think it, build it. build it fast. assess response then react. news.ycombinator.com i think this firm can get the word out faster than you can imagine nobody works at starbucks? ok i do not see Thomas Edison on the first page. wtf is up with that. one month away from launch. improved messaging system 1. i think over the years you will see several more companies like ycombinator. you may even see something better. that is just how it goes, but in the long run, seed fund will die. and companies will go straight from doormroom to acquisition. add the fact that acquisition will be in the low millions and high hundred of thousands. maybe email is really boring verdict. the idea is good, but i think you can improve your description and make it more interesting. the second improvement is the layout. just by having another digg layout you are putting yourself in a "us-too" category. an interesting layout would be to have stories placed randownly as squares (like modules) and instead of having them placed from top to bottom you could be creative and increase/dedrease the font size of the letters as it gets more/less votes. don't require registration (maybe you don't) . user pleeeease xobni or inbox backwards now how many users does news.yc have? i know something else it turns off: freedom no degree, can't code, rejected from yc funding 3 times, and still working on my startup. neither geeks. you guys forget about us sometimes. what is this? thank you sir i get about 8. try taking power naps, those will boost your energy. Broke Coder: Can you build a startup from ruby, coffee and noodles. just use textmarks. they offer an api for developers and all messages in/out/unlimited are free Xobni is a product we need more than we think we do. i can't wait for the gmail plugin. Google is not the starting point for many. Search is, and Google happens to be the leader in Search.. And i bet you Email is more a starting point than Search is. If Xobni established itself as a leader in this segment they have created through Email, then they can definitely be the starting point and maybe as big as Google one day...... a hell of a lot i have worked on several mobile products and streamed music to a mobile phone thru a java app, but streaming video is a bit tricky due to the phone specs and the connection speed. i do think with my body when it comes to women. to b specific now Haiwii, b4 Phoenix, b4 Atlanta, b4 Cali, b4 France (not really..just walk through) b4 DAKAR, Senegal, West Africa... what is "smart"? and please do not give me a link to wikipedia. okay? I think i am missing something... launch. while some people worry about a tech bubble bursting, this what happens in the financial world. i think we are in deep shit. there is no way that such robots paired with artificial intelligence do not take over the world. we are a few years away from it. humans will self destruct not by killing each other, but by creating robots that will be out of control. Twitter alone won't have much value today or tomorrow. but pair it with fireeagle and you can build a nice location enabled digital timeline. if room quantity > number people living in the house + 2 then it is a waste. in fact i would say these people are pretty dumb. no matte how much i make i wont buy anything other than http://napaprefab.com/ but hey that's only me. Anyways, I made a web app and finished a licensing scheme for it but I'm having second thoughts. are you serious? Launch. Launch. Launch.Let the market decide "how high" the barriers to entry are. what interests HN users if not their own startup? answer: YC funded startups. first time we see images in HN. video is next. Here. Post the link, thats all we need, and get ready for some harsh constructive criticism an virtual programmer ie a software or call it AI that creates software based on my desire. so i will give simple specification and it will turn it into software, i can refine the code, save, go back to previous version.... Chop up some raw chicken ....this one is a winner. maybe "Let Our Options Go!" or "The American Semiconductor Industry: Winner or Whiners?" or "An Entrepreneur's View of American Competitiveness" show me a software that can turn "go into my facebook account and pull the pictures that are tagged fun" into a working application. Think what natural language does for search. i want the same thing for programing. matt, try laying off that caffeine. this is a great idea. i always find myself searching for people or products mentioned within articles. great. could it be like snapshot where we could see maybe a bit of the content then if we are interested, we can click for more and be redirected to wikipedia. she did you the biggest favor. you just added another 200 applications to the next funding cycle. Hope your inbox can handle it. you just made it on techcrunch. good job. you should check this out http://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=carpal . clearly carpal has some issues other than business guys. imo he needs attention sooo bad that 80% of his posts are somehow about someone attacking a product or a group of people. carpal get a life man and please if you cannot add to our intelligence do not take away from our precious and scarce time. and yes i am a business guy with 0 programming skills and i would never want to work with you even if that meant my startup would never come to life and you were paying me to work on it. YC startups are like Moroccan restaurants. it is a four course meal and i takes 4 hours to eat diner. they start small, but by the time they serve the entree you have been prepared enough to know how to eat it right. (EDIT: plus throw in the belly dancers) If you have been following the YC startups you will surely get that what you see at launch is not what you get 9 months later. Just take a look at justin.tv. certainly when it launched you could be like wtf is them dudes thinking. why would i want to watch his life live when i got my own to worry about. off course a few months later you when they launch the live video streaming platform, you say "oops, i did not see that one coming" then they assault you every week with new features including mobile streaming then you are like "ok these guys saw something n months ago that i am just seeing now". the moral of the story is "Thou shall not be an innovator. Thou shall copy and have a bigger Mouth" very nice and clean UI. Perry, i decided to learn how to program about a week ago. tuesday night i started with HTML (dont laugh). i think it is important to know those basics before you go on and learn server side scripting. i tried hackety hack before and php, but the problem is you want instant gratification so you wont stop. thursday night i stayed up an extra 3 hours past my normal time and created a nice html document with my pictures linked from tumblr, added an email form, comment form and submit buttons. off course the form did not submit anything to the server, but now i am hoocked, and instead of pinging developers and killing them with "what's the status" now i know within a few months i will be able to start creating simple web apps. so start small, then once you got html, xhtml and css locked, move to server side scripting. there seem to be no correlation between the percentage of educated people and the GDPP. just by glancing at this nations starting with Russia moving towards China, i can state with confidence that a nation with more educated people does not innovate more than others. one thing i would like to know is why some nations are simply more educated than others? and what difference (economically, even politically )does it make if one country is more educated than others? 3 countries out of 30 make an exception, not a rule. i am not saying these countries are not innovative, but to my knowledge France, Denmark, Norway, Ireland, Korea, Japan and Canada are not more innovative than the US.they may be more advanced in one field like telecom, or medecine, or car manufacturing, but as a whole these nations are not more innovative then the US or India, therefore a more educated nation does not mean it will innovate more. GDP per capita has the same denominator as the graph: it is the populatin itself, which is why i did not bother looking at the GDP only but the per capita. well maybe they did not innovate in the sense of creating something new (although we heard of stories that claim that a few British mathematical and scientific discoveries originated from Indians). But they are one of the leading countries in IT services. to me using someone else innovation to become a leader in that field, makes you as innovative as the creator. The point i am trying to make is " Education does not make one country better (economically, politically) than another". my unproven theory is that it can actually be bad for an economy in general if a vast majority of the population has a college degree. salaries will plunge, competition for positions will increase, degrees will loose their value, physicists will flip burgers, an emigration will increase drastically. off course that is until the nation can find a way to sell its talent to other countries. think India selling its IT services to the US and Europe. this is the same as the "are ideas worthless?" debate. Your business model is nothing more than "your idea of how you will generate income". therefore some may think it is only as valuable as your experience and your credibility. a buyout is an exit not a business model. your plan will remain secret as long as you are not making money. my advice is tell your investors how you will make money if they ask, and let anyone else figure it out on their own. thank you PG ;) for adding competition from another 100 super-smart-and-hungry-geeks who can't wait to launch the next world-changing web application or hardware or whatever it is they are working on. and "good-coding" to you guys, i think you will need that more than "good-luck". "roger verbal kint" my hero number 3. roger verbal kint or kizer zoze although he is a totally fictional character . * $7B is nothing, go for the big fish* if 10% of Hacker News readers morphed a $7B industry of a $ 7 B piece of any industry we would be talking about an impact in the trillions. how big is the fish you are pursuing? agreed. "build something enough people want" and the money will follow. never failed so far. common theme is "build something people want". i guess you could call that a common philosophy as well. the internet is a ginormous trailer park. it is open to anyone without limits. some people park their trailer for no particular reason. some bring their lunch wagon to sell food. some have a movie wagon. lots of wagon do not charge the residents for their service, they just love to have a lot of people around their wagon and figure a way to make money from them later. you can live the park anytime you want. you live there for life for a mere 5.99/month... ....and so on.... Guys, relax. this guy wrote the post when most people did not know about the YC program. Give it up to him for knowing about the first funding cycle. I think a few 150 applicants knew about it.Most of people here did not hear about YC or PG until after their first demo day. The author's opinion was the result of a rejection. If you read thoroughly,you will see that he is not dissing YC or PG. He felt that his idea was better than those funded, and frankly any entrepreneur who truly believes in his idea would think the same. Ask any YC rejects and they would show you at least 5 YC funded who they believe have an idea less creative/profitable than theirs. That is their mistake. Most investors ideas do not mean as much as the team ability to execute against them, and YC is not different as far as that. I am certain if you contact the author today, he would laugh and simply say "I thought I knew it all back then" AGE is the reason. SOFTWARE is the YOUNGEST OF ALL SCIENCES. I doubt that the reason has a lot to do with valuation and acquisition. The simple reason is AGE. the WEB is still young. Seriously the web is really less than 20 years old. And please do not tell me that NASA and the NSA were using the internet 50 years ago. Medecine has been around thousands of years. Same for Architecture and Mathematics etc..... But the science of Computers and Computing is still an INFANT. Whether there are more acquisitions in the future or less, there will be tons of more Computing Innovation just because the field will MATURE. We still have not grasp the full potential of this field and frankly i think Google is just a drop of water in the ocean of possibilities. becasue this is exactly what they intended to do. Have the entire YC community talk about it and cr8 some interest about their program. It seems to work. right on. then implement a search feature One thing i know is that Matt writes pretty damn well, and he also does a bit of Google search to prepare his posts. constructive criticism please. Double Wow, I didn't know Sribd is bigger than Yellow Pages tell yourself that you "owe" it to the millions of users whose life you will make a tiny bite easier/better. it is a mini-purpose. as far as funding i suggest you find a co-founder. that will double your chances and reduce your efforts in half. You need not to talk much. I have read somewhere that if you listen 90% of the time and talk 10% of the time, people will find you very interesting and socially adept. Life as an introvert can be quite hard. Very good idea. I would touch up the design using better colors and that's about it. Huge potential. MM is doing the wrong startup. He should be writing more and I bet he will have a decent size audience. Although i think he mostly likes to be on the opposite side just for the hell of it, i still like to read his post and sure knows how to defend his views by backing them with data. MM is sure making or writing "something people want": controversy. I like the "links" this can save me a tremendous amount of time. if some1 is offended by "u" than they r clearly complicatd and taking life a bit too seriously. and besides isn't this web 2.0 where we have flickR and Youniversity I think those are more morphed than my "u" Figurative speech. I read all the stories that catch my attention (maybe 1/5). i totally agree. unfortunately this is how i earn part of my income. reading all sort of tech news, gathering the info, and use it to help clients get on the boat. thanks for http://filtercurve.com/aggregator/news . i got enough to go for another hour. "we". I think your comment implies that you are a veteran of this community and that I am the fresh rookie who needs guidance. Well, I guess you have learned quite a lot in the last 58 days and 12 submissions to be in a position to "we" me. Seriously, I am going to try to make you happy and write properly, but in return I am hoping you will tone your expectation as far as grammar and spelling a tiny bit. Look at the design of this site, it eliminates anything not necessary, but if you must insist that I hit shift about 11 times, just so you understand me no more than if I did not, then I will. Lastly since you are that upset about the capitalization I would suggest you stop looking at your username because your golden rule doesn't apply there, and neither does it on the reply button. EDIT: Even the sentences in your comment are not well structured. what if reading is doing? reading is (can be)very productive. Take an analyst who reads a tone of data and makes decision for a company. Reading in this case is very much like doing, because without it he could not make any decision. Of course you could argue, he can simply use a decision making software, but what does the software do? READ data and make decision based on what it READ. Your Karma speaks for itself. 428 days. 268 karma points. 1, really 1 submission. r u kidding me? I would prefer you to use a different username. i am 100% sure jkush is not your real name, but is close to it. now why don't you drink your own koolaid and not morphed words. You have done the same with your username as I have done with "u". jkush. are you serious? what is "moar"? Drink your own koolaid go ahead. be my guest. if this makes you any happier. i could give you a good 200 and still be ahead of you. frankly i can care the less i am not running a popularity contest, i think that is what makes the difference between YC and other communities. you can downmod all day, i can really care the less. what do you think will happen if i ask 10 people to go and downmod you all day. i outsource by trade, so believe it, when i say you will end up with 0 karma points in less than 57 minutes. Dude, I am not asking you to tell me how to improve my job. Maybe in another post I will. If you cannot answer my question, then you should hold your peace forever. I am not interested in your advices. Post news links or Comment on someone else's posts. that's all. What crap? Defending my position is nothing crappy at all. Some users being offending by punctuation is crappy. Like we are in a beauty pageant.This user is talking about downmoding all my previous posts that have nothing to do with this one. What is crappier then that? Disappointing. "Learn-to-Hack" could be a good startup. I am sure anyone who reads HN and cannot code would love to learn how to. If you are a good hacker and you love to share your knowledge you can certainly build a loyal community may you start "Learn-to-Hack" blog/web app. Now having said that I think it is important for people who cannot code to know that "Hacking" is a lifestyle and not really a skill or a profession. At least that is the vibe I get from the ones I know. I think Hacking dates back to thousands of years back. Like hacking "fire", "huts". Hacking is now refered to software I guess. I dont think you can learn to be a Hacker. As a matter of fact I am not even sure that all coders are hackers. I think what he meant by hacker was "coder" or "programmer": someone witht the ability to turn a concept/idea into a working web/desktop/mobile application. Therefore in this case "hacking" is a skill that can be learned just as martial arts or cooking. Edit:Hacking does not start or even end with coding skills. Hacking is so much more than software that the YC app asks you what have you hacked that is not related to software. Chefs are hackers, so are youngsters who pimp they ride. Hacking is what happens to us when we start asking ourselves too many times "what if?". It just happens that here we answer those questions using ruby/lamp/.net/ajax...... Kannel still requires you to have a SMS provider or paired it with a modem as you mentioned. All it really does is give better control over your SMS in/outbond flow. I would recommend 41411 if you are going to server the US as well. I have used it with different applications, and still do. They have an API and you can get up and running within minutes. Best part, it is free. Every one comes up with reasons why startups fail/succeed. I still do not believe there is a set of reasons why businesses fail. Idea, ability to execute, great engineering team and the rest are just opinions.There is no way to tell what will/will not succeed. You can only weight opportunity vs risk and there are so many other factors that make the equation much more complex that the only only way to know what will or will not make it is to actually take the journey. Just do it. Anyone really serious about being humble would pay his laywers big money to make sure he never appears on the WSJ. I mean seriously this is what they call "substract to add". You give the impression that you dont care for material goods, although ou have spent a lifetime acquiring them. aS a result you become even more famous and richer. If you call living in high class hotels reducing consumption then I totally agree with you, And they simply said he is letting his houses, cars... go, but they are not saying he is giving them away. Want to impress? Commit half of your fortune to charity NOW and the second half gradually for the next n years. 3 billion? End Malaria, Darfur or something. In my opinion having 3 Billion in the bank or tied up into businesses doesn't make you so different then having cars, houses and boats that are worth 3 billion. I consider W. Buffett humble. Leaving in the same house you purchased when you were not even a millionaire, let alone the second richest person on earth. Seriously there is not one person on earth who needs more than 5 million to survive. I say pledge the remaining 2.995 billies. And finally is it truly humble to say that you stay in 5 star hotels across the planet. I do not know what is technically possible, but I am absolutely sure that to say Google will remain the All Mighty of Search is similar to saying " Hey, I am short sighted". Search is painful and will ultimately die and give its place to something else. Think Ford's automobile vs "faster horses". In the short term, Input will change from text to voice. In the long term Search will give place to Suggestions and Decisions. Sort of like a game. Machines will have so much data about ourselves thru Facebook, Disqus (and the multiple other places where you exist) and become intelligent to the point where they will be able to predict our behavior and make suggestions. Example: Xobni will read that you want to go to Paris in June with your girlfriend and suggest deals on a daily basis. Google is already doing it with Gmail and it proves that Search is truly archaic and the innovators should focus on the power of suggestion. Search will die. It is a middle man in the flow that is Thought>Search>Suggestion>Decision. Someone will figure a way to jump from Thought to Suggestion>Decision with no need for Search. You are right, but Science fiction illustrates what we cannot build or prove YET. I am sure 2 centuries ago, there were stories about a Man who walked into a Big Bird's mouth and went to the Moon. That was science fiction then,but today it is reality. Take "no books". Use this time to physically get in touch with the rest of the world. Spend time with you, then with total strangers. Now if you are an introvert like me, this will look scary, but I think it will do you more good then reading. Enjoy your vacation. Some people need a "chill pill". What made Paypal? Distribution. Wait and see what sort of monies this guys will collect when they have a distribution deal with hosted blog/site/wiki services (wordpress, sixapart, weebly.....) Go on Ivan and team. This is outrageous bordering idiotic. I still don't get why youngsters refuse to be intelligent. To the point where you endanger your health and freedom. Startup entrepreneur usually live in the same condition but for different reasons. They want to build a small empire, business, or just help people etc.. But to live in eat ramon for lunch and diner just so your mail is sent to a Manhattan address goes beyond my understanding. Maybe that was too harsh. I apologize to them. it is like being an artist (let's say a painter). You spend 9 months day in and day out painting a "Mona Lisa". You better make sure all the notables like your work. If not you may as well have been working for the love of it because the guys who walk in the gallery will only eat your cheese, drink your wine, have a quick look at your painting and at best comment about it. But no money will be spent. Well unless you manage to sell them premium wine and cheese. EDIT: @Diego. Had I read you comment, I would probably write mine differently. Apologies. Tipjoy is the Adsense of tipping. I don't care what the doubtful minds think, I see Millions down the line. EDIT: I may be mistaking, but it appears to me that the first day Adsense rolled out, they earn 10 bucks, and they had way more followers than TipJoy. I know I am buying this stock. I think the biggest shift in deciding where to live is happening "online" rather than "offline". I am an online nomad. I never lived and never will live in MySpace. I do not like the MySpacians message (Hey lets try to see who has more friends and hookups). I sometimes spend time at Facebook. I lived there for a little while until I realized I am not so much into keeping in touch and I had no friends in the few hours I spent in college. When they open their borders, that's when I found that I do not like the Facebookies message (You should throw more pies and send more kisses) I vacationed at Twitter, but it is not really my cup of tea. I still dont get their message (Life is a popularity contest). So Where do I live? Well, I live mostly in HN. Although I sometimes get into arguments with the habitants, I have yet to find another city that beats the intelligence, vibe, energy and support I witness here. I take a daily ride to Techcrunch City and NYT, but I make sure I come back home to HN and mingle with the people who live here. "disruptive"? You have to remember that ZYB started a couple of years ago. Why would they do that? "ripped off" is somewhat accusing them of stealing something from YC or taking away from them. "something original". YC started a trend,and you can bet there will only be plenty more incubators with a similar formula. They don't need to be original. They just have to follow the leader. YC can keep being great at recruiting talented hackers and hopefully become the "Ivy League" of incubators. Start working out and you will sleep well whether you want it or don't. Guaranteed. "People here don't really like the word autodidactic". What fact do you have to back your statement? When you are dealing with a community you should be careful when saying "People here". "Try and keep it to a fifth grade level". Now why would you insult someone intelligence when they reach out to others for their opinions, and help. Congratulations Be careful.That's all i will say. ;) already added you at sign up Very helpful. Thank you. That is his opinion, and I doubt it would stop someone from buying the product. Mr Arrington bashed Ning on of his first reviews and said it was headed it to the Deadpool. Well, 560M dollars later, Ning prove that Mr Arrington opinion is just that. He can help you with a lot more traffic than your servers can handle, but he won't stop people from hitting BUY if they like it enough. Tylenol PM Lyime, I am really sorry for your loss. I had a similar experience. I worked at a spot a few years ago. I had one particular guy stick his neck out for me and help me a lot. We worked side by side and he would drive me home almost every day after work. I would never forget. I was sick on Tuesday and he was very caring and asked me several time if I needed anything. The next morning I came to work and found he died. He collapsed at home and when they got him to the hospital they found he was at the final state of diabetes and he never knew it. I was shocked and did not cry right away. I was extremely hurt and I felt better when I stop trying to be tough and cried when I wanted to. Acceptance will help you. Think of the good moments you had and cry about it as well. It will be good. I wish you the best and always remember "what does not kill, makes one stronger". Get a Business Graduate with Hacking skills. They exist. When hiring for a startup you can afford someone with A or B. In the worst case scenario you need someone with A and B. In the best case you need someone with A and B (assuming both are skills), and Passionated about what you are doing. It turns out that the majority of talented people are not "willing" to startup, but you can find one if you look hard enough. http://hellomynameise.com http://friendfeed.com , although I believe it solves a problem by slowly creating another (noise) What I would really love today is an Intelligentsia. Something similar to a closed and secret community of smart people (which you find here) who share ideas, links,thoughts, solutions to our everyday problems. Think of it as a closed, secret invite only HN. What is your argument against sleep.fm, what have you built that solves a problem? I am not attacking you or defending sleep.fm but since you brought it I thought you could share your views. You are absolutely right, although it seems to me that to a growing number of users Downvote = "I disagree" or "Everyone is downvoting so I'll follow" or "You cannot disagree with this particular user so I'll downvote". I think downvoting should not be. It is an unnecessary evil. A "dichotomy". Fighting for Peace using nuclear power. The best way to fight comments/posts that add no value is to Remain Silent. If you hit someone, there are very likely to hit you back, but if you ignore them they are more likely to take their rants and stories to Digg or somewhere else. Well said edw519. Silence is louder than Downvoting. What I mean is I do not need to downvote nor comment if I believe it is not worth it. I would suggest limits on the number of karma points we can use each week or day (with no rollover) and eliminate the downvote feature. In the case a comment or story is inappropriate, it can be flagged. "I almost never downvote....The only time I downvote is if something is extremely inappropriate, .....I never downvote when I disagree....If I disagree, I reply with my disagreement.....Not much to learn from downvotes.......". You explained why you believe downvotes are not the best option in your book. That is what I agreed with. I apologize for going further and adding "Silence is louder than downvoting" as it may imply you said so. "Exactly what did you mean? Just tell us, openly and honestly, and let us surprise you with our open response. For a community that puts a premium on the clever smarta$$ retort, we still value sincerity above all." I have always been open, and honest, and sincere. And being open and sincere and honest has cost me a few karma points and so will they again when I hit "reply". I respect each and everyone here. "So instead of worrying about the rules of the game, why not just explain what you meant and let the chips fall where they may. In a forum like this, that's pretty much the best any of us can do." I take it you thought I was being sarcastic. I agreed with you and I failed to explain why I did. Again I have been participating "in a forum like this" for a few days and I respect anyone here and I would not undermine anyone's comment or post. EDIT: I apologize if some users (Thaumaturgy...)have a hard time understand my writing. Indeed English is not my first nor second language, but I am trying my best to improve my communication skills. Thank you. First, he just ignores ....very popular right now. Next, he seems to ignore..... many-minds because "physicists agree that there's an external reality" ... So for the sake of according with physicists' intuitions,.... doesn't accord with physicists' intuitions You should applaud him. To discover or innovate you must "ignore" and make "no assumptions" nor "judgements" only make "observations". Only a very few people do this and sadly that is why most discoveries and breakthrough are made by accident. Reddit's "divide to conquer" strategy is already paying off. It is clear now that every news site with a small community will launch their own in-site Reddit. It is a good move. Instead of swearing I believe he could write a post titled "How to improve Scribd" and share his frustrations with the Scribd team. That may have a better outcome. If someone has put a certain amount of energy and passion into a product noone should undermine the result. Luckily the team is made of smart folks and they won't ask the author to go chill because they have nearly 3 million happy uniques to worry about. I am not sure how Matt's startup is doing but I know his blog is gaining more traction and I can see it rise to a healthy and dedicated audience within the next 12 months. Matt may be that one guy who makes a million in profit from his blog. I know. This guy is way too comfortable. She is one a "handsome" woman. There’s pretty much nothing I’d rather do outside of family time than spend a few hours talking with the entrepreneurs who run OUR companies about their businesses and the opportunity and challenges facing them OUR? Okay. I think he totally meant well, but I could not resist. I found it funny how one little word can have a big impact. I totally get what you meant (+ you are have one of the highest rating 4.3/5 on TheFunded), but it was just funny to me and I could not resist. I should I have added a smily at the end of the comment. :) edw519 I do not know who he is outside of HN, but he sure is somebody here and I follow his comments/ http://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=edw519 . May I also add the one and only http://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=mattmaroon So can you confirm if he is PG or not? Just kidding ;) Those who know won't tell. And those who tell don't know. Sounds simple and useful. Can we please get a few invites? Humans are born rational, but we teach ourselves and others to loose our rationality through cultures, civilization and traditions. Conduct the "umbrella" experiment with a child about 3-5 years old. His answer will be " I do not know". Honest, right? As kids we always expressed our feelings and thoughts properly and truthfully through words and actions. But, somewhere between the age of 4 and 9 we start to have others think for us. We are thought sets of realities that mostly make no sense to us (as children). By the time we reach 13 we already have all this new man made reality that we are supposed to live and think by without much questioning. So this creates a massive database of words and actions we go to first to express our thoughts and feelings. By doing this we ignore our highest truth. We create a conflict between what we put our there and what we really feel and know inside. There begins the war within ourselves. We almost cannot reverse engineer in months what we have created in millenniums. I do not think this mass change in the way we think is going to happen in our lifetime. But we can stop stopping our kids to think for themselves. Stop giving them sets of realities that are contradictory to their real honest and pure feelings and thoughts. You would think this would create an anarchy, but we will land far from that. If anything it will only add uniques thus valuation thus offers on the table thus better deal Conclusion. If you do not want to be executed, be(come) a woman with a high school diploma or at least a GED. Given the fact that the consumption of video and audio will only increase I would like to see a remote control specially made for that purpose. It should not be hard. Maybe it will be an improved mouse. I looked around, but could not find anything that would satisfy my need. I may go on and get a prototype built. This is a great application of the live microblogging concept. People simply love to get live updates about sports specially when you at work. Every live game spectator has a mobile phone, I can imagine them sending thousands of updates per game. I do not care for sports, but this is one great idea. Wow lets you create YOU. Unlike the outside world WoW lets you create YOU as you imagine it in your wildest dreams. A 360 degree control that cannot be found anywhere in real life. The game is fair, you are who you want to be as long as you put the necessary effort into it. I can guarantee you that a lot of players would respond to their screen name if you called them out in the street. You think they escape their bills and work and family by playing, but it is the opposite. They escape their WoW life by doing mundane things. 1 Dimension items could be best measured in time maybe. 3 Dimensions items could be best measured in matter at a specific point in time since matter is constantly moving. This is just my thinking. I use Xoopit. It is the best thing that happened to my Gmail. it creates a photo album on the fly and organizes you files so you can search through it easily. Their latest Search plugin is simply great and lets you find/view media files related to a search term. I can see Xoopit being bought by Google. As far as Xobni, I am still waiting for their Gmail plugin. Why do you want to delete your account? It could. If you are unhappy with something in particular maybe it can be fixed. I just think each and every one here is very valuable and if they must leave, they are also taking away their contribution (submitted links, comments). So if there is something that can be done to avoid it, then why not? Now on the flip side, if you are firm, then I totally respect your decision and you should be able to delete your account as well as all your links and comments. Did I not say this 3 days ago (on a less scientific note) http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=227331 ? I said something similar 3 days ago. Perhaps you'll find it relevant http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=227331 and 169 days ago. Perhaps you'll find it relevant as well. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=96720 This is not a matter of consciousness. It is a matter of speed between the read and the write abilities of the brain. The brain writes faster than it can read, thus creating a latency. The nice thing about this application is that if one does not write for a while they can simply email "Where have you been? What's new?" and the user is very likely to hit REPLY. The rest of the story is that your answer is turned into a new post. Very interesting. How did Humans first contracted the virus from monkeys? Does this findings mean that if we cannot find the cure for HIV, ultimately our system will grow immune or resistant to it? If so how long would it be before Humans can get to that point? 100, 200, 500 years? Daylife.com is running an API contest Beautiful. I just added the feed to my Snackr feed reader. The result is pretty nice. Well we already know that sometimes you can get prescription marijuana pills if you are hospitalized. You just cannot buy it over the counter. Do you want to start doing dumb stuff? You do not have to do dumb stuff to become popular. Also being an athlete or better looking than the average person does not make you dumb . That is simply a stereotype. As for the rest of the article I agree with it. EDIT: Smart kids are unpopular simply because they spend as much time as any other kid focused on what they love, and what they love IS unpopular. And this related to what their society values. It happens that the western society largely values sports and beauty. This is reflected in models' salaries, as well as athletes' compared to the earnings of a physics' professor . If you are from a society that values education more than entertainment, then smart kids are the popular ones. they don't waste their time on the dumb stuff you need to do to be popular. This implies that people who are popular spend their time doing dumb stuff. ANd who are those popular ones? If you're good looking, a natural athlete, or the sibling of a popular kid, you'll automatically be popular . So if people who are popular do dumb things then they are dumb , since smart people do not waste time doing dumb things. The "50k Euros" can be very reasonable. Actually that is probably the very most you could get from any angel investor for a product without proven traction. What bothers me a bit about SeedCamp is that I do not see their companies doing well so far. Then again I do not have any metrics besides Compete/Alexa and blog reviews. So I guess we should give them a little more time and see how well they do. "Your brain has a mind of its own" The problem with people who are shy is that we are swamped with advices from people who are not. Seriously. Stop. EDIT: That being said I can give one piece of advice to guys who are shy. Work out. Work out. Work out. You will be amazed how much NATURALLY produced testosterones can affect your behavior. Confidence is like a roller coaster: lots of highs and lows. The few times I hit the highs (for reasons that make sense only to Moi) I am still shy. I believe we are shy because we make too many assumptions and judgments about our surroundings. And most of the time those are totally wrong. Until then make use of your bicycle and work more often from home. Twitter is best understood as a "human-powered rss feed". You subscribe to a few people and you watch the river of links pouring constantly. Twitter can easily keep people connected with their environment. I do see value in Twitter even if it is solely through Twhirl and FriendFeed. As Matt mentions Twhirl is a beautiful application. I do not have any followers at Twitter (frankly there would no need since I only updated twice in the last 1 and 1/2 years save 100 updates a year ago from a RSS to SMS app I was having cooked by a friend), but I do follow about 13 key players and I love it when the little Twhirl screen pops up with a fresh title and a link. If possible, maybe YC could do a third session per year with a smaller batch. Ok let's do one thing. No more post about the topics below for about one month: - "motivational" post, (you may ask if you need it, but unless someone asks please do not freely give any for 1 month) - "Twitter related" post (let's let this guys Be ) - "I quit..." (Good, here is a candy and now please go work on your Google meets Twitter killer app) * and finally Ask "Do I really find this interesting?" before hitting Submit ( I will do this one more often myself) :) YC is an idea that is hard to scale. Maybe HN needs to change its name to Hacker Advices. I think I clearly stated that this was the last time I would ask this question. If you have an answer other than this genre I will be very thankful, otherwise hold your peace for ever. Wumi, color does not have much to do with popularity. Popularity depends on what you do better than the average guy and where you do it. In America (where Hollywood and Sports are kings) if you play football better than 98% of your schoolmates you are likely to be popular. The same does not hold truth for a top programmer within is high school. In some parts of your continent, yo could be the best soccer player in the neighborhood, it would not matter. The kid who gets the girl is the kid who scores As in school, although that kid is not much worried about girls. * Way before launching you should contact them* I could not agree anymore. That is right, but most of the time what is being built is really not anything revolutionary. Then you end up being stuck trying to sell the same idea 50 other people are selling. I guess that is where creativity comes to play. Correct, but I did not want to narrow the responses. I was looking to get answers from different users with different products. Moconews.net is a great source of content for those who are in the Mobile sector. I would assume their audience is made off executives, developers and other key players in that particular industry. ContentSutra focuses on tech- related news in India where I believe the middle class accounts for 200 million people. ContentSutra could grow into its own network of news channel in India. Techcrunch could sell itself anywhere around 50M. They could also raise capital to hire more writers and expand their network. If you have a Nokia or a Blackberry you can use them as modem. I have used a BB to get connected plenty of times and the connection is fast enough to read HN and post comments. I am assuming most of Chatterous traffic is happening offsite. Intergating SMS, IM and Email is one big challenge. A mobile application could fix part of the problem and be cost effective to the user (given SMS costs). From HN to YC to TC to HN. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=140841 Congratulations SlinkSet team. Hard work pays off. EDIT: I just spent more time at SlinkSet and I think they definitely have a business model in hosting their app as a HELP FORUM (excatly like the one they have on their site). Writing a FAQ is very hard and you always leave some questions out. By hosting this feature for small businesses, they can also gather a lot of information about those businesses and their customers. This is the kind of article I need to read in the morning. It gives a sense of purpose. We are seeing a shift in our collective consciousness. The system we are part of is not the best. In fact it is arguably the worst system since the caveman era. We are the first generation that truly believes we can, need and will improve our world without hurting anyone. I think this article have just created 300 new positions in SV, and soon we will see guys commanding 80k to chat with your users while playing WOW. Once again HN proves that its community is not only made of smart individuals, but caring and thoughtful individuals. I am glad I am here. Wheels, HN readers are primarily problem solvers. The only thing that separate us from other problems solvers is that we do not mostly using software. If you cannot see the relation between this problem and how software can help solve it, then I suggest you look again. Even a self-centered hacker could see opportunity here. In all fairness you have submitted 4 articles in the last 70 days i do not know how much that says about the "HN for the rest of us". If you want to see less articles as this one make it to the top, then be my guest and SUBMIT.