I've been going 10 years so far at something similar, and while I've taken a lot more than one photo a day on average, I'm still working on a mechanism to extract the interesting ones from the documentary chaff. I am trying to attack the problem by using extensive metadata to organize along different dimensions, but the resulting explanatory notes sort of ruin the magic of the mystery: http://james.lab6.com/photos/ SF is a writing style, not a set of technologies. Hence why Neal Stephenon's Baroque Cycle is SF despite including no SFnal technologies (except maybe an allusion to just one), and why The Time Traveller's Wife is mainstream, despite being about time travel, the most outlandishly SFnal concept there ever was. There is one important network effect they seem to be neglecting - the "big ball of mud" network effect of having hundreds of Excel spreadsheets all linked into each other, forming critical parts of the finance infrastructure of megacorps. This kind of end-user-computing nightmare is so hard to migrate away from that most companies can't even conceive how to do it. However, regulatory schemes like SOX in the USA and Solvency II and Basel III in Europe, are forcing the issue. Big banks and insurers won't be allowed to carry on running critical finance operations on such a fragile stack, so there are currently huge migrations away from Excel happening all across the financial services industry. Software like SAS and Business Objects seem to be the anti-Excels of choice. There will obviously still be Excel on the desktop, used for ad-hoc data manipulation and visualization, which is what it is actually good for, but this type of usage is much easier to replace with something like OpenOffice. Why does Google no longer offer the option to permanently remove a specific domain from your search results? My personal search quality would be dramatically improved if I could specify even a short blacklist. In fact, dear lazyweb: is there a browser extension or greasemonkey script that makes Google return 100 results at a time and then filters out the best 10 based on a blacklist? > The problem, says our source, is in relation to the "flimsy" hardware keyboard mechanism, which fell short of operator standards. It surprises me that operators would have such strict standards, given the junk I've seen them try to sell over the years. Maybe they are learning? I'd love to see other designs that have been rejected before hitting the market. For those of you worried about losing your life to another simulation game, I present: How Dwarf Fortress cured me of my Dwarf Fortress addiction once and for all - even though I've never played it: http://james.lab6.com/2010/05/25/withdrawal/ I would think IT departments would be more concerned with the cost of regression testing applications with a new piece of infrastructure. Same as with IE6. I've not come across an IT organization that wouldn't love to upgrade to the latest piece of kit, IF their customers were willing to pay the cost - remembering that much of the cost will be in terms of repaying technical debt incurred by short-sighted decisions to skip best practises (coding to standards, producing documentation, refactoring, ...) "very proprietary" does not usually imply "very strong". To be fair, understanding regular currency isn't exactly trivial. Most people seem to get by without understanding the finer points of banking, quantitative easing, M1, M2, etc.. And one might consider the ability of governments to manipulate their currencies for political reasons to be a security flaw. Nobody understands economics well enough to predict what Bitcoin will become. For a start, both of those pieces hinge on the dangers of a deflationary spiral. But it is far from clear or agreed how such a spiral would work, or whether it would encounter a natural limiting factor. To the extent that deflation might cause a decrease in demand, it's not even clear that that's a bad thing - because we live in such a consumption-oriented economy it's hard for economists to even conceive of - let alone analyze - the idea that people might only spend money when they need to. Before 2011, I'd never been athletic and I don't naturally have a runner's build, but this year I started entering road races - first a 10K, then a half-marathon, and now a marathon. By committing to running the race, I am incentivized to train hard. That's a roundabout way of saying that I do a lot of exercise. I can't recommend this highly enough for so many reasons, but to answer your question, one particular benefit is that I've found this regulates my appetite to the point where I eat only the calories that I need . Do you have an example of mathematics that could be made more accessible but hasn't been? That's totally the standard way that all mathematicians think about n-dimensional spaces. I've never heard a mathematician claim math is the universal solution to all problems... sounds like you had a bad high school experience. Do you need a math-hug? :) Not sure what it means for a particular technology to "die". A lot of "dead" technologies are "alive" and kicking in the Enterprise world. Perhaps "undead" is the word you're looking for... Windows 7 is version 6.1. Welcome to the world of model versioning, where nothing means anything! No. I just don't go back to websites with annoying ads. I have yet to come across a website with utterly compelling content and also utterly intolerable ads. Brazil has a 60% import tax. Not sure if this applies to everything but it does to individuals and small businesses. Brazil is on fire. Flush with oil money, 90% of electricity from renewable sources, a bottomless pit of energy and enthusiasm being held back only by corruption. Large corporations run lots of browser-based applications. To upgrade these applications, or even to regression test them - even in virtual environments - costs money. Any money they spend on IT comes out of their profits, or is added onto their prices. Would you pay an extra 5 bucks to buy your car insurance from a company that has ditched IE6? Bitcoin now is like the internet was in 1985. There is a huge stack of infrastructure yet to be built in order to deliver on the early pre-hyped promises. I don't think anybody understands this domain well enough to predict the outcome; it's very clearly in an experimental phase. It may well be ridiculous to believe Bitcoin will replace the dollar (much as some believed the internet would replace all manner of things which still happily co-exist), but surely more ridiculous to dismiss it when the experiment has barely begun. No, there is a very simple, well-defined and difficulty-independent metric of Bitcoin mining performance: hashes per second. Asking what specifically caused the crisis is like asking which hamburger caused your obesity. This is a problem that has been building over decades, and it will take decades to solve. What's wrong with booting instances from EBS-backed images? A lot of capitalists also promote growth, but growth is not a necessary condition for capitalism. Any hints from Amazon on whether they intend to provide Elastic IPv6 addresses? Well the headline at least is correct: even in a dire emergency, panic is the wrong response. The first two changes feel related. What change do you suppose they made to their infrastructure that has enabled these features? How do you scan 230,000 pages of paper? Given an arbitrarily long or short sequence of numbers, random or otherwise, it is possible to find a polynomial which interpolates them, hence gives a reasonable rule for finding the next number in the sequence. Glad to see the i8k mentioned. I have one, its screen is indeed an incredible thing, and it's still working in tip top condition today. I find tech kit either breaks within weeks or lasts forever. This question should be answered with a challenge. " You won't use math, but your boss will." There is a huge economy of scale working in Google's favor: deduplication. The more users they can de-dupe across, the cheaper their raw storage becomes. To compete, perhaps smaller backup services could agree "reinsurance" contracts with each other, exchanging lists of file hashes... It sounds like your [X] is sed and lex. Your comment sounds clever, but I have read neither. Could you please elaborate? So after a very brief read of Wikipedia, the voting-via-hashpower mechanism of Bitcoin seems to me to be a form of social contract, whereby users consent to be governed by the rules laid down by the majority. How is one supposed to go about debugging these freezes? None of the comments on the bug appear to offer any insight into the actual cause, or offer much help in narrowing down the possibilities. Technology is definitely a force amplifier, so I guess it's not surprising that it will amplify pre-existing anti-patterns. Those early reports of the Galaxy S3 being lawyer-ugly were overhyped. I'm typing on one now and I find it quite sleek. People use the word Socialism when they mean something like "perversion of incentives". We perceive that Socialism incentivizes bad choices, like having more children than you could afford without government benefits, or making investments that appear less risky because you assume a government bailout will protect you. As you point out, the nordic countries show that perverse incentives don't necessarily follow from Socialism. And indeed, America has its own non-Socialist perverse incentives such as encouraging pollution by not enforcing payment of the environmental externalities. But all things considered globally, more socialism does tend to imply more perverse incentives. Bitcoin is not backed by anything at all, which is part of what makes it such a fascinating experiment, and part of why it is so successful at challenging peoples' assumptions about what money really is. A bit like us having a 4ZB hard disk from the future? I can definitely tell the difference between that and infinite. The Europe (Ireland) location is pretty high up the "nothing interesting ever happens here" scale. Best of luck to them. I hope they succeed to the point where interesting ethical issues are raised. Doesn't Windows accept forward slashes in most situations? $0.10 per IOPS-month? Is that per volume or does volume size enter into the equation? I.e. would two 10GB 100IOPS volumes cost twice as much as one 20GB 100IOPS volume? Wow, this is the first I've heard of the balloon mission. I wonder how long the balloons stayed afloat after the batteries ran down... If nobody is interested in Windows 8, I expect the next best option is Windows 7 for the next 10 years - the new XP. I put Ubuntu 12.04 on a Lenovo T410. It's not thin and it's not that speedy, particularly when it comes to 3D graphics performance, but everything worked out of the box with absolutely no configuration or fuss, and on that basis I would recommend it. They might get away with Aardvark, Excel-style... What percentage of the world's population was using the internet in 1983? Sci-fi has trained us to expect all the things you mention so when they arrive we probably won't feel that anything much has changed. Doesn't help in the dark, which happens to me every night as I put it onto charge. Dave Lister: Sometimes I think it's cruel giving machines a personality. My mate Petersen once brought a pair of shoes with artificial intelligence. Smart Shoes, they were called. It was a neat idea. No matter how blind drunk you were, they would always get you home. Then he got ratted one night in Oslo, and woke up the next morning in Burma. See, the shoes got bored just going from his local to the flat. They wanted to see the world, man, y'know? He had a helluva job getting rid of them. No matter who he sold them to, they'd show up again the next day! He tried to shut them out, but they just kicked the door down, y'know? Arnold Rimmer: Is this true? Dave Lister: Yeah! Last thing he heard, they'd sort of, erm, robbed a car and drove it into a canal. They couldn't steer, y'see. Arnold Rimmer: Really?! Dave Lister: Yeah. Petersen was really, really blown away by it. He went to see a priest. The priest told him, he said, it was alright, and all that, and the shoes were happy, and they'd gone to heaven. Y'see, it turns out shoes have soles. -- Red Dwarf, 1988. Isn't the modern replacement the web browser? A browser these days can do anything a C64 could do, in a safe, easy to debug environment, that comes preinstalled on every PC. If Bitcoin becomes the currency of the entire future economy, the initial distribution method will have been proved to be a non-issue. More likely, Bitcoin will be one currency amongst many, and the early adopters will sell their windfall gradually according to supply and demand. Could they not simply be rocky outcrops that are covered and uncovered by seasonal sandstorms? Yeah these do kind of look like they have shadows. Plus a rocky outcrop could still be fairly flat and cast minimal shadows. I say it's rock and call Occam's razor on the other theories. This is the main reason I'm skeptical of central government databases. Not because of the miniscule chance of them enabling a police state, but because of the very great chance that the data will not be properly safeguarded. Digital lock with built in dynamo (pull down lever?) to generate the miniscule power required to operate it? While physical media formats and hardware interfaces become obsolete all the time, it's something of a myth that file formats do the same. Even proprietary formats can usually be read by digging up a copy of the software that created them (in theory this software may be lost, but typically it is not). The one major exception is DRM'd files where the keys have been lost. Search for zfec. Allows you to split a file into N chunks, only M of which are required to reconstitute the original. Protects against N-M independent errors/corruptions. There is no such thing as intrinsic value, whether economic value or moral value, whether of goods or of people. Value is subjectively assigned by people, according to the push and pull of their own internal motivations. So it is meaningless to talk about value without asking: valued by who? Some people (say, my family) are hugely more "valuable" to me than others. I'm assuming handset and service cost are just two of your provider's costs among many: infrastructure, salaries, debt, risk... Cost per TB for storage is a tiny proportion of the total costs of a data warehouse. "Organic" - is there a "green baloney detection kit" that outs stuff like this? Worse, they'll go public with the world's most awesome restore-from-backup service and everyone will love it, for the low price of incriminating yourself in future crimes (but you're not planning to commit any crimes anyway, right?). This is a tempting option in so many situations, not just software. But it never works because you can never wipe the slate truly clean. The state of the world is dependent on the previous state of the world. I work with the English language every day, and so I have no respect for the rights of people who can't even spell the word "need" correctly. Is that what you're saying? :-) And makes clear that DRY is just a handy catchphrase for the design principle of normalization. Along with the environment, what other aspects of our world are fundamentally socialized? I'm thinking things like risk of asteroid impact. Damaging but not fatal. Bitcoins are divisible down to 8 decimal places so the value would just scale up according to the reduced supply. And 8 decimal places is a software limit; a revised protocol could increase that. SQL is an excellent tool for a data warehouse, or any situation where there is value in separating data design from application design. In such situations the infamous o/r impedance mismatch is arguably a good thing. All quite true but I'll drop in here that the Fields medal is only available up to age 40. 12 years ago I quit gaming because decent titles weren't available for Linux. I now have a great job and family, part of which I attribute to spending thousands of hours learning about life and technology instead of playing games. Give it up people, video games = fast-forwarding your life. (Actually I'm not really suggesting being that strict. I did return to play the occasional top title like Portal 2, but on a strictly controlled diet. Gaming should be a small enough part of your life that such DRM is a non-issue) I don't get it, don't you have to buy, cook, eat every day even when you are working? There's going to be a major demand in Cyprus over the next few days and weeks for a non-bank store of wealth. More likely they'll take the hit now, then if the crisis passes, launch lawsuits against the government to claim it back. Or a political party will adopt a manifesto pledge to return the stolen money upon election victory. > because the price is going up too fast to ever be paid back, and if it ever stops going up, people will be dumping it too fast for an interest rate Is it implausible that these two forces would reach a relatively stable equilibrium, like stocks? What attack are you referring to? Seems odd to describe this as a polynomial-time attack, and I would argue incorrect to describe the result as "broken crypto", as this has little to do with the cryptographic components of Bitcoin, and is more a fundamental design limitation. As a workaround, merchants will just demand more confirmations for higher-valued transactions, like waiting for a check to clear. Checks and physical cash also wouldn't meet your definition of formal security, but seem to work in practice. Not a fatal issue. A plain $ sign is very often used to mean a non-U.S.-dollar currency, with minimal confusion due to context. I tend to think that capitalism is what helps prevent people from getting into desperate situations in the first place (e.g. by letting a family accumulate wealth so that the children start with a buffer). But it has no direct answer for people already in desperate situations, hence the necessity of charity. Actually I believe the main driver of the recent price increase is several high-profile (in the tech world at least) organisations starting to accept it. I found one of the comments interesting: that the monkey/ladder experiment could be a myth. I think they already did, and it's called Pirates of the Caribbean. The MI games draw heavily from that theme (which predates them, in the form of the ride). There may not be room in the market for another variation. I don't quite buy the analogy. Seems to me that part of the problem was having tokens that could only be exchanged for one thing, and even then at a fixed exchange rate. It's not yet clear whether Bitcoin is money, or whether it is some strange new hybrid of asset and currency for which conventional wisdom does not apply and for which historical analogies fail. There was a time when I would have felt seriously behind the times using my 3.5 year old PC. Maybe I just have different priorities now, but I no longer feel any compulsion to upgrade. I'm not aware of anything that a new PC can do that my current one can't, besides an incremental, barely noticeable speed bump. On a related note, am I right in thinking that we are currently in the longest ever gap between new HD capacities? 4TB has been the top size for two years now. Isn't it more plausible that public debt is caused by government deficit spending, which causes economic growth, but a temporary kind of growth that is only as good as the government's ability to continue spending? Is there evidence for or against the existence of multipliers? Sorry if this is a basic question. You could then multiply by 2 trillion to work out their total data volume under management, which I believe they consider commercially sensitive information, but I can't quite put my finger on why. I like conversation starters like this but the headline is extreme linkbait, which tends to insult the intelligence of readers. Just my opinion of course, but it seems that designers who think primarily in terms of the application will prefer to use an ORM to abstract away details of the storage layer; whereas a designer who thinks primarily in terms of data will prefer to write SQL, with the application being just one of many possible applications of that data. Am I the only one who finds email signatures entirely obsolete nowadays? 99% of the people I email already know me, and can look up any of those details in an address book or social network. On the rare occasion I'm making first contact, I'm more likely to take care over communicating further contact info in the body of the email. If that's 1 billion new objects created every day, then I believe that puts them somewhere in AWS's top 1 customer. The docs really are great. I once downloaded the whole lot as a PDF and read it from the beginning on my phone during downtime (like 15 mins on the train). Read all the way through to the parts that discuss internals then stopped. I now appreciate it as a relational database, not just as a storage backend. Not so sure storage costs have dropped so much. Hard drives aren't getting bigger (4TB is two years old now) and electricity and other data center costs have risen. Sorry if this sounds harsh, I mean no harm, just asking you to consider... There are plenty of women out there who would be happy to date you. You are the one filtering them out. Consider women over 40 and women with children. Those groups have huge problems finding men. Works both ways. I believe a krait is a kind of snake if you want to go for that angle. Ditto :-) There was a Python freighter too! Kinda interesting, but really not a big deal. The distribution mechanism is working as intended, just faster. Do you have a citation showing a fall in standard of living since 1970? Sorry, I wish I had time to watch an hour-long YouTube video :( I was hoping that, if this claim were true, it would be easy to demonstrate with a graph or some numbers. Reality check: for all the ills of warrantless wiretapping, computers are still an overwhelmingly positive force for enlightenment, empowerment and liberation of people across the world. Nobody's claiming computers can't be used for evil. I'm just saying let's not lose sight of all the good stuff they enable which is orthogonal to whether or not their users are being monitored. Unless the engineers are concerned about detection and choose somehow to radiate in only one narrow direction, pointed away from any nearby stars. Does a shell/python script that writes a httpd.conf file count as a configuration API? Really, how can they get away with the word "unlimited" in the title there? The limit is mentioned in the first paragraph: 360TB/disc (whatever a disc is... though I assume it is something which does not exist in unlimited quantities). Still, nice work! Data storage capacity is a great metric of our digital quality of life. No disrespect to the students involved, but that experiment has not been reproduced in a rigorous test environment as far as I'm aware. It would be an extraordinary result so I would be disinclined to accept it without extraordinary evidence. Dishonest linkbait headline. It would be helpful if file managers gave better cues as to file size. A barn is obviously different to a letter, but a one byte file is normally given the same icon as a one terabyte file. While I share your optimism, there's a very large gap between "demonstrated in the lab" and the point where you can laugh at that assumption. Are there any proven life extension techniques beyond calorie restriction and regular exercise? I see a lot of possibilities and early research projects, but essentially nothing in the way of results. You work to pay for what you want. If you want less, then you can work less. Those millions of Buddhists are very happy to live in a capitalist world. I'm no expert but in the UK there seems to be wide consensus that giving directly to beggars is counterproductive, to the extent that charitable organisations spend time and effort putting up posters round cities reminding people of this. Exercise and training make sport unfair! Top athletes spend hours and hours at it, every day, often forsaking a normal life and education, sometimes even ruining their bodies in the process. And in doing so they gain a decisive advantage over those who don't spend so long training. While it makes me uncomfortable to think of anyone being forced into a new language, I like the idea that this increases the number of people who can talk to each other. I use KeepassX on Linux, Windows and Android. Sure it is, just use an external CPU in the docking station. Yes, it would be very useful to have a single OS image that could scale its user interface and capabilities to the hardware it finds attached at any given moment. Your first line of code is much better. It optimizes for clarity, presenting the programmer's intention in a simple logical sequence. It also likely optimizes for programmer time and mental expenditure. Most people in history have lived under various degrees of oppression, and most have found it preferable to not living at all. The problem of population growth exists regardless of life extension technology. The solution we are headed for already is that a lot of people will simply starve to death. I believe the simpsons had an internet cafe named The Java Server. Not sure how it works in the US but last time I bought a new phone in the UK I calculated the total cost of ownership over 24 months of various options, including buying the phone unlocked plus a SIM-only airtime deal, and getting the phone-plus-airtime on a contract. The contract worked out cheaper. That's a subsidy isn't it? "I don't understand" is an idiom in which the user feigns ignorance in order to paint an opinion as so irrational that the only explanation for it being held must be some unknown mitigating factor. With the holder of the opinion typically absent, no such mitigating factor is offered, and through a kind of proof by contradiction, the user hopes to score a victory for his opposing viewpoint without having to actually come up with any arguments. Nice idea for a battery-free wireless feature, but then I guess we'd be complaining about this security issue. I wonder what the FBI will do with the seized bitcoins! I'm very much not convinced by the idea that banks have technology at their core with a mere wrapping of business functions around it. Having worked for a bank for many years, I'd say it's exactly the other way round. Management of capital, liquidity, risk, etc. are the true core banking elements. It is also simpler, in the sense that it presents a left-to-right order that visually illustrates the pipeline, without the incongruous left-facing angle bracket. If you compiled the source and obtained exactly the same binary as is offered for download, would that prove the binary was unmolested? I'm guessing there are many reasons why the binary might turn out to be different for non-suspicious reasons (different compiler versions/flags/environment...?), in which case would it be hard to enumerate all those reasons and rule them all out as the cause of a difference? Plus I guess Visual Studio could be backdoored to recognise the TrueCrypt source code and insert malicious code? Large orgs want guarantees and certainty, and so typically look for software support from other large organizations. Easier to hold IBM to account than a small independent vendor who may have gone out of business by the time you need them. Yes, this is an expensive approach. Who is selling support for Puppet and Chef? I'm surprised how often that's repeated given that it's not true at all. Obscurity is a totally legitimate security technique. Maybe not the strongest one, and hopefully not your only defense, but it's clearly got some value. >someone other than the people doing the work get to decide how the work is done and how to spend the surplus of value that work generates. Who do you mean here? Foreman, manager, executive, owner... these are all real jobs that do real work. Owners ensure the efficient allocation of capital. Their job is to pull investment from unprofitable activities and move it to profitable ones. They may only make one or two decisions a year, but those are weighty decisions with large consequences. With good decisions may come large profits with what looks to an outsider to be little effort, but they may also lose it all with just one mistake... appointing the wrong CEO, or failing to liquidate the company when it ceases to be profitable... Now there may certainly be issues with corporate governance and conflict with non-financial goals like environmental sustainability, but that's a wholly different complaint to the suggestion that there is a non-working class at the helm. I'd probably put it down to mathematics and comedy writing both being high-IQ activities. I read that people on their deathbeds, when asked about their regrets, wished they hadn't spent so much time worrying, and had spent more time with their families. Not that I disagree with what you've said, but browsers aren't a platform for learning to program on a tablet. It's important to note that that $450bn isn't just ploughed into the ground each year. That's the wages of taxi drivers, truck drivers, mechanics, engineers, and all their associated support. While losing all that will be a net win for the economy, we're talking about millions of people becoming unemployed. This is not a new problem. Automation has already rendered a very large part of the world's population economically unnecessary. You might wish to physically transport key material for a one-time-pad-based interstellar crypto system. Low wage does not always imply low skill. You can find low wage employees who are extremely skilled at what they do. Their problem is that their skill, however high, is common, and so the laws of supply and demand drive their wage down. I feel obliged to mention that I have an i8k and it's still working beautifully. You could always defund the government by giving your taxable income to charity. But I expect most people think they deserve their income more than the government doesn't deserve it. Amen. The whole concept of collectibility is highly dubious, and most "collectibles" are declared such by marketing departments trying to push completionists' buttons. But the collection will never be complete while there is still a supplier making money from every sale! This happened in the UK to stamp collectors who took pride in owning every first day cover. Royal Mail realised they could increase revenue by massively increasing the number of new stamp designs issued, and collectors railed against the escalating cost of keeping their collections complete. See also Warhammer, Disney Inifinity, and a bunch of other pay-to-play endeavours. Unwise indeed. Don't give 100% away, just give the taxable part away. Don't most countries have a personal tax-free allowance? Trouble is, without evidence it's hard to distinguish between plausible-but-true and plausible-but-false theories, and Occam's razor usually finds the prosaic explanations simpler. Technology is a force multiplier. If there was a gap between the most and least able before, it will be larger now. I feel that using cockroaches like this might be justifiable for the purpose of research, but doing this for what amounts to entertainment is quite dark. People can do both good and bad things. I feel this is very obvious but rarely acknowledged - perhaps due to our immensely polarising media which can only deal in simple narratives. What happens to farmers who don't buy new seeds and just reuse seeds from their current crop, licensed or otherwise? Are there examples of them being pursued by patent lawyers? I too see unemployment (or rather, the diminishing demand for labor) as the key political issue of the 21st century. I can imagine a point by which the vast majority of humans simply aren't needed to provide services to the owners of capital. I don't have any answers. What is a better proxy for military power: manpower or manufacturing capacity? I'd argue that war has become as high-tech and automated as everything else, and you no longer need a large standing army to dominate. Then neither the West nor East will have jobs and millions more will join the ranks of "human surplus"... To do a PhD you have to be smart enough to be able to do one, and dumb enough to actually do one. I don't wish to minimise his situation but it seems like he considers his father's suffering not quite as bad as his own suffering were he just to do the killing himself and take the jail sentence. Ebooks may just be like digital cameras were in the 1990s: full of promises, but some way off a compelling replacement for film cameras. How long before iPads come with hundreds of 600dpi screens, each double sided, flexible, 0.1mm thick, and stacked in a hinged pile to form a truly digital book? I've seen a lot of genuine charity motivated by religion, but we seem to have thrown the baby out with the bathwater on that one. We talk about the disincentive to work. But do we actually need that much work doing? Are there actually jobs for everyone? Seems like the main problem a basic income scheme might cause is simply overpopulation. Kept waiting for the punchline where the friend has moved to Las Vegas and a total replan is required. Sounds like a situation where X-Sendfile could help? I keep extensive paper notes, mostly in sequential "lab book" style, pages dated and numbered, with a different colour pen for each day of the week. I don't fuss too much over structure beyond that, and anything for wider distribution I write up on a computer. I've seen people struggle with tablets and laptops for note taking, but I find they are some way off the free-flowing UX of pen and paper. I'm a big fan of Tap Log. Semi-structured notes and logging, lightning fast. Not free. Only tried on Android. How good can this tech get? Could you print an ultra-high dpi image, put ultra-fine lenses over it, and turn it very slowly to get several minutes of video? I personally see a danger in over-narration. History and journalism alike are written by people trained to be storytellers. But why should there be an overarching story? The real world is messy and rarely breaks down into simple, digestible narratives. There is no beginning, middle and end. There are no villains or heroes. There are, at best, subplots. Trying to connect the dots is what fuels conspiracy theories - which are typically compelling because we believe deeply that somebody has to be in control somewhere, that there has to be order behind the chaos. Perhaps there are patterns if not stories. Perhaps statistics could tell the story properly, if we had any good data (we don't). History stories typically gloss over nuance, with the aim of producing a more manageable summary. In the local dialect, you might call them the ultimate leaky abstraction. I don't have any solutions so mope over! > Are we all in this together or are we all not? Who is "we all"? I'm sure he's thinking of "all Americans", but if the idea is to help people you don't know who are less fortunate than you, what is the moral basis on which we restrict that generosity to just Americans? Nations and citizenship are arbitrary divisions. If someone is in need, help them, regardless of what their passport says. That's not socialism, it's charity. And charity is capitalism's solution to suffering: aid, given freely. Edit: though when it comes to the environment, capitalism has no answer, as the environment is fundamentally socialised. It costs very little to merely survive. A warm coat and a bowl of soup twice a day is survival. I see the collapse in demand for human labor as the key political issue of the 21st century. So many of us are just not required by our economy. If you are an American taxpayer, you can withdraw your support by giving away to charity all of your income above your personal tax allowance. Is there actually something non-deterministic about PHP? If not it seems like a better programmer would simply be aware of the language's less elegant features and work around them. Who said PHP was a good tool? I'm responding to the parent comment asserting that being a better programmer won't help you, which is clearly not true. All our tools are deficient to a greater or lesser extent, and part of what defines the skill of a programmer is working with the tools you have, working around their deficiencies, and resisting the urge to engage in architecture astronautism. If you have a choice, sure, don't use PHP. But if you don't have a choice, PHP won't stop you shipping a quality product. One of the main problems humanity would have in recovering from a collapse of civilization would be the absence of fossil fuel reserves that we used to bootstrap civilization the first time round. Could this process be run in a low-tech manner to synthesise the oil necessary to get us back up running again? Maybe I'm just That Guy, and maybe your example is from a non-critical system, but if you are dealing with a highly available mission critical system, any change carries a risk, even the act of deployment. The tension probably arises from disagreement over what is critical. Servicing technical debt sometimes costs more than refactoring. Sometimes not. A good manager/programmer can decide which situation they are in and act accordingly. I would be interested to hear how HN readers approach charity. I personally am constantly struggling with questions like: once my basic needs are met, how can I possibly justify not giving the rest of my income to life-saving causes? My working theory is a combination of (a) my basic needs are actually quite high when you consider the many potential rainy days for which I must save, (b) I don't know enough to donate with confidence that my money is doing more good than harm (this Gates letter addresses some of my concerns here), and (c) I must simply come to terms with being selfish to the point where I would rather spend money on a candy bar than a life-saving vaccination for someone else. Their m1.small is still a pretty good deal if you're in need of root access to an OS image, and your capacity needs are very small. Anyone aware of anything comparable? If you feel pride because of the achievements of your compatriots, you should also feel shame because of their crimes. I guess some people are happy to accept that shame if it means they can share in the pride too. But I suspect most people who feel proud of their country would wash their hands of the shame by saying the crimes were nothing to do with them. Fairweather collectivists! If we can never be judged then you cannot judge those who support our current system of inequality of rights and wealth - they are just acting according to their two variables. What language features would you have or not have if you designed a language with knowledge of "modern JIT technology"? Do you mind if I ask what your use case is that demands an upsert? Without knowing much about your actual application (i.e. treat the following with utmost skepticism!), my instinct would be to separate the fact of observing a name from the fact of the observation count. I would keep a log table and a summary table like this: CREATE TABLE namelog ( name TEXT ); CREATE TABLE namesummary ( name TEXT, seen int ); Then each time you see a name, log it: INSERT INTO namelog VALUES (%s) Then on a regular basis, run a housekeeping/summary process like this: CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE prevsummary AS SELECT * FROM namesummary; TRUNCATE namesummary; INSERT INTO namesummary SELECT coalesce(a.name, b.name) as name, coalesce(a.seen,0) + coalesce(b.seen, 0) as seen FROM prevsummary a FULL OUTER JOIN (SELECT name, count(*) as seen FROM namelog GROUP BY name) b ON a.name=b.name ; DELETE FROM namelog; This of course is grossly space-inefficient, but making the logging process INSERT-only should enable a great degree of concurrency - and you can tune the summary process to run as often as necessary to keep memory/disk usage within your available resources. If concurrency isn't an issue, then your initial solution is probably fine. It definitely splits a longest road but does it obstruct you in building further? The space of possible JPEGs is vast. You might find that there is less commonality between any given JPEGs than you expect, even considering a corpus of billions, and even when most JPEGs are of similar subjects. Dropbox has an unlimited plan for $795. Interesting point for me is that those who serve over HTTP only are not vulnerable, which I think is a good case study in the risk of complexity. A lot of security experts have been calling for HTTPS everywhere, on the basis that it is low cost. Clearly there is a cost to the extra complexity, and in this case a bug in the security layer that results in a worse situation than if there had been no security layer at all. MITM is only one type of attack, which is largely irrelevant to public sites serving non sensitive information. But server memory is always private and could assist in escalation of a further attack. Solution 3: cease trusting StartSSL certs issued before 2014-04-07? This is implied by the request itself but is it possible to implement? They increased mine to 2TB, no questions asked. This was a new term for me, though I recognise the behaviour. I think the term will help fight it. Reminds me of the phrase "false balance" which was also new to me recently. Names are so important! > It's perfectly possible to drive very fast without driving badly I do get what you're saying, and it's clearly true on some level, but your statement rings all kinds of alarm bells for me, most notably that almost everyone considers themselves a good driver, and many feel that their skill justifies that they be exempt from the rules. But people are terrible judges of their own skill, and I would urge anyone who feels justified in driving outside the normal speed range to seek independent verification that their driving skill is outside the normal range. > Using clock speed as a simple way to determine which CPU is faster than another is just plain wrong. But neither of the posts you've replied to in this subthread have recommended that. The assembly version looks simpler and more maintainable than any of the C versions. What's the overhead of using it? Having to rewrite for each architecture you target (likely to be only 2 or 3)? If this level of optimisation matters to you then I guess you'd be down in assembly anyway? If you pay for the business account, you get unlimited space. If you actually do use multiple terabytes, then the per-GB cost is pretty good. What a legend. I love reading about works of obsession and solo perseverance over time. Possibly derived from the Usenet habit of putting an "Ob" footer reference to a piece of pop culture, to demonstrate hipness. Are there stats on whether having a disability makes you more or less likely to make a purchase in a given product category? E.g. does having a disability correlate with not having a job, which correlates with having less disposable income, which correlates with making fewer purchases? Or does a disability correlate with going out less which might correlate with spending more time and money online? bash enable sounds like a potential attack vector for executing code on a filesystem that would otherwise not allow it. There are countless examples of where allowing non-ASCII identifiers makes code more readable in non-English languages. For example a Brazilian coder might write país = "Brasil" Without the accent, pais means fathers rather than country. Imagine how constraining it would be to code in a language that disallowed vowels in identifiers (perhaps because it had been designed by Hebrew speakers). That's how most of the world experiences Python 2. I think the point re rich-vs-poor is that efficient pricing should be decoupled from wealth redistribution initiatives. An inefficient allocation of resources only has the side-effect of kind-of sort-of assisting the poor. The real solution is to efficiently allocate resources, and then separately take action to correct economic injustice. Does that mean men from a mainstream western community are unsuitable marriage material too? The NSA's problem is that new threats are a form of innovation, but that it's hard to predict innovation, and harder to target surveillance towards people planning a dangerous activity if nobody has seen that activity before. New ideas are a threat. So perhaps their method is to define Normal, and then monitor everybody Abnormal, on the basis that dangerous innovation is more likely to come from the Abnormal. Enthusiasm for Linux isn't as abnormal as it used to be, but it definitely puts you in the "dangerous 1%". That question/argument is a fine case study in some form of bug in the human mind, the name of which I know not. I'm sorry, I don't see clearly what a tuple should be. What would be different about Python tuples if they were true tuples? So why does Python distinguish between a list and a tuple at all? With total respect to what you're saying, I'd just like to say that I care about games and other non-mission-critical software. I am continually disappointed by buggy glitchy unreliable applications which have clearly been rushed out to meet a release window. It's as if we've all been trained to accept poor quality, based on the excuse that "it's not handling payments or running a nuclear reactor so it's OK to be sloppy". There's definitely something to a theory of notebooks. I have my own system and I'm always on the lookout for tips that I can use to enhance my system (which is very minimalist). I can never seem to find any example pages (scanned or photographed) from others' systems. This article in particular could have really used a picture. I sort of understand why, as the contents of mine are usually confidential. I absolutely love seeing extensive handwritten diaries, journals and notebooks, especially those of little historical importance. I like those more than the notebooks of the famous and the accomplished. Perhaps the appeal of the mundane ones is because they might well be that person's greatest lasting work, however minor. It's not even that I enjoy reading them. More knowing that they exist, that they could be read, and that the author has lived on in some small way. >The main problem with raw SQL is that what you really want is a genuine programming language. In my experience, if you take a data-oriented approach (where you add value through structuring/modelling data), SQL is just fine. If you take only an application-oriented approach (where you add value by making use of data), you may be tempted into viewing the database as a dumb object store, and SQL starts to creak. Having said that, in the cases where I have wanted composable SQL, SQLAlchemy has done a fine job. So little litter. So little clutter in general. >One thing that’s even more important than the latitude to ditch a tie is the latitude to chose the best tool for the job. I hope they don't lose sight of the fact that in a large organisation, "the job" includes not just the technical solution, but also maintenance and management of that solution across potentially long periods of time by potentially many different people, integrating with many other teams, with limited resources, in a domain which you as a developer don't necessarily have a deep understanding of, and against a background of legacy solutions that can't easily be changed, and with large-group politics in play. In other words, people don't choose Java and Windows because they're idiots. It's because there are other forces at work beyond just picking the technically optimal solution. This is what information war looks like. Disinformation, propaganda, FUD, distortion, lies, astroturfing, bias, plausible deniability and false flag ops - from ALL sides. How are we as information professionals supposed to deal with this? I have no way to form an opinion on this conflict as everything I read has been filtered through a media (social media included) which has either no means or no motivation to prove the trustworthiness of their message. No, I'm appealing for help in trying to understand the situation. You seem to have a strong opinion on the matter. How have you come to that in such a hostile information environment? Edit: on second reading, your comment seems tantamount to accusing me of being "one of them". Everyone seems to have picked a side and is part of the fight. Where's the verifiably objective and neutral commentary? Hi there. I'd love to hear a little more about what kind of methods of organisation you employ for managing such a large volume of data (particularly the parts which aren't downloaded from somewhere else). Not so much in terms of the storage infrastructure, but in terms of directory structures, links, indexes, etc.. Do you have millions++ of files or just a lot of very large files? I'm asking because I feel that not enough is published on the subject of personal filing/archiving systems, whereas it's something we all do and there's a lot of best practice sitting out there uncaptured. My own approach, if you're interested, is to treat the filesystem as a repository of bytestreams, loosely organised by YYYY folders and then a single level below that, A-Z. I then read everything into a database, deduplicating by file hash and have a 3NF-modelled metadata layer (with 6NF history tables based on the anchor modelling concept) in Postgresql, also with a Django front-end. Only the file hash is stored in the database, not the binary blob. I keep things in sync using Dropbox's delta API. Or at least, that's the plan. I've only implemented it as far as photo storage is concerned. Haven't yet figured out if Dropbox can be part of the general solution - security and privacy concerns. Here's a seemingly rare example of something that has unambiguously and significantly improved the lives of millions of poor people across the world. What lessons can we learn to try to repeat that success? Can you elaborate on the latency while writing with the stylus? I've tried all generations of the Note up to 3 and I've found the very-small-but-still-perceptible lag to be incredibly off putting. I also assume they have still not been able to imbue the screen with any kind of friction feedback. For these two reasons I find paper a superior input technology. iBeats smart headphones with voice-only UI. "Wish we could say more". Now that the iPhone has a big screen, there's only one feature it's missing before I'd be happy to trade in my Android: background camera upload syncing for Dropbox that doesn't cut out after 10 minutes. Edit: would appreciate an explanation for the downvote. Does iOS already allow this and I missed it? Is there anything stopping you writing your own client that uses the Dropbox API? If you think you have found the silver bullet then you are still on the journey too. Are you saying there is an elite group that is publishing something close to truth? Who do you mean? Everywhere I look it's just another battlefront in the information war. In many ways UNIX is built on the philosophy of keeping everything in-band and leaving it up to processes what they do with their inputs. Specifically, "everything is a file" vs "everything is an API". It's not about text vs binary but about well-specified, documented and understood, versus ad-hoc, convention-based, "infinitely extensible", and taught-through-blogs. > ... contained, repeated elements in an object Pardon me if I'm just sniping on the word "object" here, but if you think of your data as objects then you will find the relational model restrictive. In my experience, objects are an application concept, closely coupled to an implementation. If you can conceive of your data in implementation-independent terms, i.e. as entities and relationships, then you can put a RDBMS to effective use. I think this point of view ignores all the boring, unsexy, non-headline-grabbing progress that has developed 1950s inventions into what we have today. Progress is the aggregate of millions of very small advances. What in your opinion counts as modern mid-range hardware? http://www.postgresql.org/docs/devel/static/ddl-rowsecurity.... I found the dev documentation to be much clearer than this blog post. Coming up with a competitor to CSS, HTML and JavaScript is a fruitless "if I were king" fantasy. The way forward is to develop what we have to make it better, incrementally. Local maxima be damned, there is no alternative. Arm holster is the way to go, like a Pip-boy. I wonder if the free rider problem will exist in the zero-privacy everything-public world that we seem to be heading towards. Free riders respond to being outed as free riders. I feel a warning is appropriate for JPEGs. Removing EXIF data would definitely not be considered lossless by most photographers. Same goes for comments in all file formats. Neat idea but I'd be happier to use it if I knew it was an unqualified benefit rather than having to think about whether it might strip data I need. Might have a name clash issue with Sungard's iWorks Prophet, a commercial financial modelling tool. Concerned. Memes are in-group signalling one notch above the crudest kind such as football chants, a few notches below the more sophisticated kind like quoting Shakespeare, but all ultimately with the potential to exclude and confuse - which is definitely the opposite of what a technical spec should be trying to do. I was hoping to read about a text format with a parity bit! This seems to be a wish list of features rather than any actual technology. Do you have any Peak Oil articles from, say, 10 years ago that predict those four effects? I interpreted norm as different to rule. Sure, no need for a rule here. A norm is a convention. This norm sounds like a good guide to having a focused, mature and productive conversation rather than a noisy juvenile fight. Without wishing to detract from your point, people also frequently (on their death bed or otherwise) wish they had achieved more in their life - which might imply they wished they had worked more. See also the web work of Jorn Barger (coiner of the word blog), predating all of these examples, such as http://web.archive.org/web/20130409060532/http://www.robotwi... (original website seemingly now defunct), and his attempts at linking Joyce with AI. For what it's worth, although English is based on a small alphabet, we read whole words at a time (rather than one letter at a time). So although we are bewildered by the idea of learning thousands of characters, we exercise similar skill in recognising tens of thousands (out of a total of millions) of English words. I'll stop short of a comparison between sushi mastery and programming but I recognise the feeling when the more advanced your skills, the further you recognise you are from (unattainable) perfection. Check out zfec - dead easy to add erasure coding to your backup scripts. My cold storage files look something like Archive.tar.gz.gpg.split.fec. Although I don't split across too many failure domains, it still protects against isolated bitrot. I think the images are from the camera they sent down after detecting a debris field with the sonar. Is there any truth to my suspicion that the web of hyperlinks (on which the famed algorithm relied) is significantly weaker and reaches fewer corners these days? Certainly feels like content is migrating to the walled gardens and there are fewer and fewer personal websites injecting edges into the open graph. When you say out, do you mean there is actually one for sale that I could buy today? My experience of The Hobbit was that the 24fps version felt like being in Middle Earth, and the 48fps felt like being on the film set - which strictly speaking was the more realistic experience, but far less satisfying. Could death have evolved by natural selection as a method of favouring the new generation's adaptations over the old? Is a society collectively fitter when there is less resource competition between old and new generations, and new mutations have a better chance at a fair trial - a way of jumping out of local maxima? Window making being a terrible job is new information to me. What was so bad? Is the scope just well-formed strings or would you consider adding binary nasties like null bytes, mal-encoded characters, or even just newlines on their own? What about XML billion laughs strings, or parser-busting very long runs of parentheses? Does this make solar a great industry to invest in because of the growth potential, or a terrible industry to invest in because the prices are racing to the bottom? At scale, tape still has the lowest cost per byte of any storage medium. Really hoping 6.0 and the new Nexus phones have pen support so I can get over my disappointment that the Galaxy Note 5 won't be released in Europe. Don't wish to detract too much from NASA imagery, but their website is totally broken on stock Android browser. Looks like you get a lot more memory than on the cheapest Digital Ocean droplet (2gb vs 512mb), and more storage too (50gb vs 20gb). I make that about 43TB of smartphone HD video, based on his stated walking distance and speed. Is the suggestion that people are channelling addictive behaviors from smoking to eating? This is exactly the reason. Big-name insurers trade in volume business. The more they standardize the product, the cheaper they can sell it - not a whole lot different to any other industry. That's not to say they don't attempt to have sophisticated pricing models that ingest all kinds of underwriting data points, but there are costs to that complexity too. There is a broad market in specialist insurance which caters to the non-volume cases. It just costs more because you have to expend more effort-per-sale (and of course because non-volume also tends to mean that the risks genuinely are higher - e.g. homeowners with prior subsidence claims). Hey if anyone from Dropbox is monitoring these comments: nice work, but there's something missing that I've been waiting for: API access to comments. I'd love to recommend using the new Dropbox comments feature but I can't until I know there is a way of getting that data out after putting it in. I'm not entering metadata into a system that doesn't have fully programmable export. Been burned too many times. Pretty please? The trouble with that calculus is that the deaths are caused by the pollution rather than the faking of data. If you want to blame someone for those deaths, you need to blame every driver who contributes to that pollution. Is there a source of md5sums for the release tarballs that is independent of Sourceforge? From a software engineering perspective, no. From a software ecosystem architecture perspective, yes. I work in Finance, which is littered with the apparently-still-living corpses of people who have made a ton of money at the expense of family life, and now have nothing worthwhile to spend it on. Y'know a lot of the best, most robust and mature software out there is a generation old... Maybe that's just how long it takes to get large scale software right. Does anybody have a view on whether the 1GB limit on TOAST data could ever be raised, thereby making the large object facility further obsolete? The 5 year period of this study will be a significant limitation. An important part of a guaranteed basic income is the guarantee . If I was in a programme that I knew would end after 5 years, I would be very concerned with things like maintaining my employability when the 5 years are up. In other words, while I would love to dedicate 5 years to non-commercial art and science, my option to do this is severely curtailed if I'm expected to re-enter the same old job market with 5 years less experience than my peers. But overall I am thoroughly supportive of doing the experiment anyway, as we do desperately need more data on this important concept. Additionally, I wonder if basic income can be effective while there are still shitty jobs. Right now, somebody has to clean the toilets, because there aren't yet robots that can do it cheaply enough. If you introduce basic income so that nobody has to do the shitty job, nobody will do it. But one day there will be robots that can clean the toilets, and then there will be no shitty jobs left to do - and perhaps only then can basic income take hold. As an otherwise-happy Dropbox customer, it does concern me somewhat that there has been very little innovation in the core product for several years. They seem focused on building a halo of lock-in services instead. Have you tried asking to pay for more space? I would be willing to pay for a package somewhere between the 1TB pro account and the very expensive Business account. Files will never go away. Many years ago I became so disillusioned with the state of photo management (churn, inscalability, vendor lock-in, lack of Linux support, etc.) I built my own. Have never looked back - I will never enter metadata into a propriety system again. Auto-tagging AI makes me a bit envious though. I've never heard of a 14TB disk drive. Is that what you mean? Who makes these? But that's not an SMR drive. True, it's just that they also tend to shout about upcoming drives and boast that they are previewing to select customers. Case in point, HGST marketing is in full swing on that He10 but good luck finding any stock in a mainstream retailer. I work for a major bank and Oracle is on its way out here. Trouble is, when it's running your general ledger and is tightly coupled to your core banking operations, migration to another platform can be a decade-long process. Unfortunately I didn't say we're moving to something better cough SAP :( > continuously readjust the grinder and brew parameters to match the weather and beans. I say this as a total coffee outsider but... You're kidding, right? Is that really a thing or are you describing audiophilesque insanity? I fit the description of the perp. I take a lot of photos and don't spend a massive amount of time browsing through them. But I do this because I know that one day I will be old and frail and won't have the physical capacity to get out there photographing any more. At that point, I will be content with task of organising and curating them all. How much do we believe that the Dorian Nakamoto denial comment on p2pfoundation was from the real Satoshi? http://p2pfoundation.ning.com/forum/topics/bitcoin-open-sour... Because that was posted in 2014, and Kleiman died in 2013. I was fully expecting this to be about websites which are 30% content, 50% advert, 20% broken, with subscribe-to-my-newsletter popups, clickbait links in the middle of the "content", and the final third of the page inaccessible until you sign into Facebook and complete a short survey. And Hacker News is one of the ugly, difficult ones? I don't know, it seems like a valid figure of speech to me. But I would agree that the writing in the article is distractingly amateurish. I saw someone using a 5mx on a train a month ago. It was still fully functional and he was perfectly happy with his 96MB CompactFlash card. Would email providers block chat-over-email after you sent 1000 or so messages in the space of an hour? I've certainly seen edit-war victims post links to their dispute, and most of the time they are just bitter that their poor quality contribution got called out. I also use script to log both input and output of every terminal, and the timing option to record the timing of that input and output too. Naturally stored with caution, and with a shortcut to a non-logging terminal for dealing with anything sensitive. There is probably an immense volume of interesting artefacts buried under buildings which are themselves historic (and as such will never be excavated). > nuclear weapons, of which there are signs or legends of prehistoric use all over the planet Er, are there? Northwest England. It created industry itself but has been relatively quiet recently. Socialists don't support socialism for its track record. So this will not change anyone's opinion. I used to check in on the project every couple of years but results seemed to have dried up, and participation seemed to have been falling, in line with projects such as RC5-72. These projects were born in an era where there was such a thing as spare CPU cycles, before aggressively efficient power management became widespread, and before your compute cycles could generate cryptocurrency. I am still very sad to hear of the data loss. Hmm, I would probably rate a teacher with 40 years experience much more than twice as valuable as one with only a few years. Value is determined by supply and demand, not function. Check out the icon used for Speed Camera on UK road signs. It still has bellows! Doesn't seem to cause a problem. Do people think these stories are anything more than mythic fiction? That's about 10TB an hour. Do they install at least one hard drive every hour, continuously? I personally find that the term "IT" has become a bit of a code word for "Enterprise Wintel", and that anyone working outside of the gravitational pull of Microsoft prefers to describe themselves as working in "tech" What a breath of fresh air is a 1999-era web page. Fast loading, simple, readable. I read the whole thing on a mobile and had no problem whatsoever. Extinct doesn't mean the language becomes indecipherable, just it has no more native speakers. I'm not sure machine translation would help. I have had many a conversation with non-native English speakers on this topic and one theme that crops up often is the idea that it is easier to think "advanced" thoughts in English than in their native language. But digging a little deeper, I think what is really happening is that these people learned "advanced" topics from English-language textbooks, papers, seminars, etc. and so they only have English vocabulary, phraseology, idioms and context for that topic. I think a 10x programmer is someone whose efforts increase profits by 10x. A lot of people think they are 10x programmers because they can optimise something that nobody really cares about. Just wondering, is there any example of technological innovation that meets these criteria? I understand Juno flew as close as 4,200km. Are there any pictures from that distance? The closest here says it was taken from 38,000km. Well there's a reason they say 70% of programming is done in the library... Well, don't they say that to do a PhD you have to be smart enough to be able to do one, but dumb enough to actually do one? Innovation doesn't mean breakthrough. Also, innovation isn't just having the idea. Innovation is actually doing it. Junior developer: can use a computer to solve computer problems. Senior developer: can use a computer to solve business problems. "Sort of" is right. I remember this being announced years ago, with press releases very much implying it was fully functional and proven. Seems it is still a prototype. Relevant: https://www.savetherhino.org/rhino_info/thorny_issues/dyeing... Relevant: https://www.savetherhino.org/rhino_info/thorny_issues/dyeing... I like it! Comes with a built-in eternal holy war over whether 0x16 goes top left or bottom left. I think you are referring to the 250 year plan? Could you elaborate on how that looked in practice? I see a few PR pieces on the web but they don't go into any detail. Web browser + view source + notepad is definitely the modern introduction to coding. Have you considered Amazon Cloud Drive if it's for personal use? OK, I'll bite. This article is overblown in its criticisms and has some issues of its own. 1. The article itself recommends that "a tool is supposed to do one thing and do it well". Well, xz is for compression, nothing else. If you want to check integrity, use a hashing tool such as sha256sum. If you want to recover from errors, generate parity files using par2 or zfec. 2. The article claims xz was chosen by prominent open source projects due to hype. No, it was chosen because of its favorable size/speed tradeoffs. 3. It's not clear what the author means by "long-term archiving". Archives professionals (as in, people who are actually employed by memory institutions) will tell you of many factors (all unmentioned here) that have a bearing on whether a file format (particularly a compressed one) is suitable for use in data preservation. 4. The section on trailing data is particularly bizarre. By claiming that xz is "telling you what you can't do with your files", it seems that the author considers it perfectly reasonable to append arbitrary data to the end of a file and expect it to continue functioning. Is my normality detector off today or is this just a wacky thing to want to do? 5. The article is written by the author of lzip (which it compares favorably to xz), but does not disclose this. Admittedly it is hosted on the lzip site, but overall the article comes across as an opinionated hit-piece designed to sow doubt in a competitor. Doesn't one typically write to tape drives with tar, rather than writing a raw file? Were there many prominent open source projects using the LZMA format before the creation of xz? Debian, for example (which is where this particular flamefest originates), adopted[0] xz the year following the stable v5.0.0 of XZ-Utils[1]. My impression was that the whole 7zip->p7zip->lzma_alone->xz journey was concluded before any "xz hype" began. [0] https://lists.debian.org/debian-devel-announce/2011/08/msg00... [1] http://git.tukaani.org/?p=xz.git;a=blob;f=NEWS;hb=HEAD It's requirements negotiation round here. You are not counting the cost of your expertise in networking and DIY. Most people don't get that for free. Is your recommended negotiation approach to lie? Otherizing - great terminology. It is important to remember that all of history's "monsters" were human beings. Calling them monsters is pretending that it couldn't happen in your own culture. It could, and vigilance is required. Luckily, the prices are low enough that you can just test your workload on each. Is there really an imaging technology that is high enough resolution to capture the detail of a modern CPU? And if so, would that be sufficient for an audit? Aren't CPUs dependent not just on the layout of circuits but also on the material properties of the components, which might not be apparent just from images? Name suggestion: Pythoff. It'll cost waymo' than a regular car. They've already lost 80% of me. What I find almost as interesting is the handwritten "computer log". I think developers could benefit from keeping a kind of lab book documenting progress, as much software construction is experimental. I use KeepassX on my desktop PC and have been looking for an iOS app that can open the database. I found one but it occurred to me that I have no idea who wrote it or whether they can be trusted with my passwords. And iOS offers no way to prevent an app using the internet, so I couldn't be sure it wasn't leaking my passwords back to HQ - unlike on the (Linux) desktop where I can run it in an environment that I control (relatively speaking - no need to point out that I haven't personally audited the kernel). Am I being overly paranoid? How should I be approaching the issue of trusting the developers of password managers? Is there an open source iOS client? I would love to audit it but I lack both the time and knowledge. How would I verify that what I've audited is the source for the actual binary that the App Store delivers to my phone? You're not obliged to pay attention to any of the sequels. Countless Shakespeare productions and remakes and reinterpretations don't diminish the original form. No but you are saying that a bad sequel can make the original worse. I don't think so. The original is still there, untouched, and you can hone your skill at putting yourself in the context in which it was originally released. And not just archive it, but sign it, time stamp it, verify it, etc.. I see little to prevent someone using ML to auto-generate archives worth of fake history. Imagine a purported DB dump of Reddit with billions of subtlely fraudulent comments scattered throughout. Hash the content and store the hash in the Bitcoin blockchain. It's been 17 years. I think we need to know: did he ever find a girlfriend? Quite. When you accept a dependency on proprietary software, you open yourself to the risk of the vendor withdrawing support. Looks like that risk materialized for some users today. This is an "I told you so" moment for a lot of Free software advocates. The signal to noise ratio was poor, but there was some signal. It would be a tragedy for it to be deleted. Enterprises are also professional cost cutters, so if AMD can provide enterprise-class features for less, then they will find a market. I understand that one motivation behind not providing crime breakdowns by ethnicity is to avoid providing information that might be used without context to justify hate. But it is also a little racist to try to hide the problem, as if criminality is inherent to the ethnicity and cannot be solved, so may as well be ignored. I wonder what Sungard/FIS think of the name, which is the same as their commercial financial modelling/forecasting tool. SAS is also a huge iceberg, without much in the way of open source culture that lends itself to visibility. A lot of SAS happens behind closed doors at megacorps. I'll add my view that I don't see this as being all that surprising. Didn't we all expect that this is the sort of thing that TLA's get up to behind closed doors? My main complaint is that even though I'm otherwise fairly well aligned to the US (ideals, principles, culture and such), I'm not a US citizen and therefore get treated as an enemy :( It's a different set of risks. Digital is easier to make fireproof (store copies offsite) but vulnerable to new threats such as automated bulk deletion (e.g. a backup script gone wrong). > An interesting recent example of this phenomenon is the religion Rastafarianism where the notion of paradise is a state of affairs where whites are slaves to blacks. Are you sure about that? Sounds like you might be stating the position of an extremist subset of Rastafarians. I think RAID 5/6 will be dead before btrfs. Didn't someone once say 640K ought to be enough for anyone? Me personally? Yes, RAID-1. You seem to be under the impression that economics is somehow objective? Why would you think that? It's about value, and different people value things very differently. Is there any chance they might miss an opportunity for optimisation by throwing out the sugar, thereby discarding information about the prgrammer's intent? Or does the sugar carry no such information? Twatting? Apple-Nintendo seems more likely in the context of offshore cash reserves. You can't compare CPUs from different architectures (ARM vs Intel) based purely on clock speed. There are a lot of other differences which mean things like the A10 generally aren't faster than similarly-clocked laptop chips. Language change that shifts populations away from their historical niche and towards global systems conflicts me. One the one hand I find it sad that whole bodies of literature will pass out of understanding. On the other hand this seems like it will make it slightly easier for the Kazakh people to interoperate with the rest of the world. In the end I believe the greater good comes from enabling more people to talk to each other. (I know, it's "just" a script change, not a new language, but I feel the two are sufficiently related that the point stands). I'm inclined to agree with you regarding this not necessarily being a no-true-Scotsman fallacy. I think there is a meaningful difference between proclaiming to be veg*n, and proclaiming to be trying it. I wonder what proportion of the cohort here were in each group. I laughed at the thought that you might one day use a ride sharing app and forget to specify that you wanted a car . Not that I really disagree with you, but I find that "risks", "constraints", "end-users", "systems administrators", "testers", and "the business" are six separate forces, each pulling in their own direction, and you can't put them all first. I hear a lot of people claim they are such good drivers they should be allowed to drive faster. I don't trust their self-evaluation of their own skills. Can you give an example of an application core where the database is just a technical issue? But new phones are incredibly sophisticated devices requiring a lot of investment to create and bring to market, so maybe even billions a year of revenue might not be enough. I often come across problems, like intermittent graphical glitches, in Ubuntu Linux applications and think to myself "maybe I'll try fixing that bug". I start digging casually, and find that the real issue is not in the application but somewhere in the graphics stack. Or maybe the kernel. Oh no, it's in a closed-source driver. Then I despair and start thinking thoughts like "wouldn't it be nice to rewrite all this from first principles? That way I could get it right!" Then I do some more research and find that all this flaky software is built on proprietary, minimally-documented hardware with its own stack of bugs, except those bugs will never get fixed because the IP is top-secret and the only ten people who understand it have already moved on to build the next product. So RISC-V/lowRISC is enticing because it promises an architecture that is powerful enough to be more than a toy or academic exercise, and also fully open from the ground up, which the public can iterate on and finally fix bugs - or at least understand them. (Yes I know, I'm mixing complaints about GPUs into a CPU conversation here...) I'm also encouraged by the slowdown in Moore's Law - alternative architectures have historically been steamrollered by Intel's phenomenal process engineering capability. If process nodes reach a plateau, the mad miniaturization march of the last 50 years will pause for breath and let a much wider and deeper variety of hardware hackers get involved. And am I reading this article correctly when it say the Trace Viewer app is visible to the user, so they can see all this logging? That's the most terrifying bit. Is it irony that in our current age of handled-daily-but-never-washed smartphones, telephone sanitizer could actually be a useful job? Screenshotting or PDFing of a website is an increasingly important archiving tool, to supplement wget. I've come across a lot of websites that won't render any content if not connected to a live server. Sounds suspect, as I think airlines would take the hit on seat design if it meant halving their fuel costs. I'm a huge Amiga fan, but what is there to learn from it that couldn't be obtained by working at the lower levels of a modern system? Your incredulity would be fully justified in the 1990s, but with every year that passes, it is becoming harder and harder to fully isolate computer systems from other computer systems. I'd like to think I wouldn't let untrusted devices near my power plant, but I have some sympathy for those who struggle to keep their stuff secure in a world where security is ever harder to achieve. Can't think of a better example than Daft Punk's Harder Better Faster Stronger . Very repetitive lyrics on paper, but so much more when rendered as audio. I wish them the best of luck but I can't help feel the entire premise of the company is based on a pun. What would such an intervention involve? Shoot the bad guys? Which are the bad guys and how do soldiers identify them? Some of the metadata links to a site called "semium" which now appears to be a domain squatter advert. > assuming that a certain process is followed The challenge is to avoid pushing all the risk into that assumption. It's easy enough to build a system that never breaks if you're willing to assume perfect behaviour on the part of its dependencies, environment, users and operators. Relevant XKCD: https://xkcd.com/915/ Beware over-training your ability to discern differences. Such subtlety might give you an advantage in some fields... or it might remove your ability to enjoy basic food and drink. A true meritocracy might be even harsher, because those at the bottom would still be downtrodden, but this time they would deserve it. I'm a bit out of the loop on these sorts of discussions so apologies if this is retreading old ground, but... let's asssume I want to engage in some form of population monitoring or profiling. Based purely on available facts, what actually is the best indicator of propensity to commit terror attacks? Is it being Muslim, spending time on Islamist websites, being a marginalized single man, something else, or is there in fact no pattern distinguishable from random noise? Surely this must have been studied extensively? Can someone fill in the gap for me here? 1. Website is run on a commercial basis. 2. ??? 3. Therefore it is not accessible from the UK. I am a happy user of Calibre and am grateful for the work the author has done, but I've never heard a convincing explanation of why it is so slow when adding books and updating metadata. 10-15 seconds to add a 500KB ePub. I have apps that will transcode 4K video at a higher throughput than that. What's it doing?! HEADLINE: Out of the box support for being run in VirtualBox. DESCRIPTION: I tested the stretch release candidates in VirtualBox, and while I did eventually get them working, I had to follow the instructions in several bug reports from across both the Debian and VirtualBox probably project websites. I don't mind following instructions, so if there is a reason why this can't be achieved seamlessly with zero configuration, then I would at least like to see some official instructions prominent on the Debian website. COMMENT: Debian is awesome, thanks for everyone's hard work! Farmers have known for centuries that diversification increases security, for a small cost in efficiency. I've always assigned it pretty low probability on the basis that we have no examples of infinite objects existing. It really doesn't feel like the story of music and movie rights has ended. I can still see many plausible and distinct outcomes. Could someone write a whitehat worm or virus to get into all those vulnerable Windows systems and close the door behind them by patching the hole? > So I've come around to the idea that the database is a better thing to put at the centre In my admittedly limited experience, applications come and go, but data lasts forever. So I find it unusual when a database is not at the heart of business software. I'm still on my i7 860 with nothing compelling me to upgrade. Intel's biggest competitor in 2017 is Intel from 2010. Which one is it that names the language officially? I am working on such a thing. Would you be interested in testing it? I feel the author would have been in his element playing Dwarf Fortress. That article claims the opposite. In the last month I have hired 4 people in specialist technical roles. I reviewed 15 CVs. All were from men. No women applied. There is clearly something filtering women out. There is something deep in the supply chain of labor (by which I mean education) which results in women being siphoned off long before they hit my company's diversity and inclusion policies. I believe these policies are reasonably effective at tackling unconscious bias, but they are unable to affect the underlying talent pool. My personal theory is that specialisms are risky (good pay if you can find employment, no pay if not), and men are more likely to take risks than women. There is research to support the latter point. Casual googling digs up this for example: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/James_Byrnes2/publicati... But how many of those self-taught developers managed to do so with the aid of a love of mathematics/detail/technicality that survived an encounter with high school peer pressures? And even though it may be hard to find the flaw, it will be easy to verify that it is a flaw. You might be interested in Crime and Punishment by Dostoyevsky. TL;DR: enemies are people too. My local zoo doesn't feed its gorillas with local fruit because they say the local fruit is much higher in sugar than the fruit they import for this purpose. Or follow the automotive model: put greater liability on the end user. End user is then obliged to pay for insurance, incentivized to pick safer suppliers, and feels the consequences of their own bad behaviour (it's not the ISP's fault that you keep opening .exe email attachments). We could do it with current tech if we expanded lithium mining and the charging networks. Fidget spinners are literally revolutionary... What's the problem you're having with Excel reading TSV? Works fine here. This is why I always go to the comments on HN first. I can usually rely on the top comment to do one or all of the following: * neutralize clickbait * provide an instant endorsement (worth reading) or rebuttal (not) * warn of slow/heavy/ad-ridden user experience Glad to see these making their way into retail channels. I've been a little frustrated reading articles in the consumer press about HDDs which are only ever shipped B2B. They say history repeats itself, and I feel we have been here before. Is the web framework landscape not a little like the Windows desktop in the 90s? What does history say will happen next? A good analogy. Also the lesser clickbait offense of using the word “just”. Not a wholly insane request if they were interested in the file metadata as much as the file data. A while back I asked HN if there was any way I could trust an iOS keepass client. The answer was no, on the basis that you have no way of auditing whether the open source code built what’s in the App Store. Nor is there a way of preventing a rogue keepass client app from accessing the internet and exfiltrating your database and password. Has any of that changed recently? The fact that I don’t have a Mac. I used to read a lot. I had a long, long to-read list in a spreadsheet, and I would add items to it faster than I would tick them off. Competing demands for my time cured me of this list, and I came to view reading not as something indisputably virtuous (as my schooling had trained me to do), but as just another form of consumption. There is such a thing as too much consumption. Junk books are no better than junk food, and even a diet of classics might be no better for your head than constant fine dining is for your gut. I now take more care in choosing to give my time and energy to reading. I once worked on a Finance project which had grand aspirations and decided it was going to Do Things Right by starting with extensive specifications. The developers insisted on all behaviour being specified and documented before they would start coding. Of course, a truly exacting specification is equivalent to code. So the users who had been tasked with describing the required functionality ended up inventing their own DSL and “coding” the entire system in Microsoft Word. Needless to say, they were the only ones who understood the spec. IT cried foul. Business cried “this is what you asked for!” Cue months of arguments over what constituted a proper spec, during which the users essentially taught themselves how to code. The software eventually ended up being written by transliterating the DSL into actual code. It worked, but remains to this day an unmaintainable mess. Begone, foul clickbait headline that thinks it can excuse itself by putting a question mark at the end. Why is the light reduced by a huge amount during an eclipse but the UV is still at dangerous levels? Strictly speaking you can’t read XML without software either. Even a simple text editor is software of course, but you’ll also find XML files in arbitrary character encodings, and you absolutely do need non-trivial software to parse and display “plain” text in UTF-8. Happened to me with a Samsung “Smart” TV which used to have Skype on it, but Samsung removed that app for no reason that benefitted me. And I have a perfectly functional Epson printer/scanner whose only drivers no longer work on Windows 10. I could go on and on. That’s just what came to mind with 5 seconds thinking about it. I’m with you, but the reason these documents aren’t free and online is money, of course. These archives, libraries and institutions are chronically underfunded. Scanning is expensive. They use copyright as revenue generation to plug the gap. I’m certain the academics that work there would love to publish all of history online for free, as long as you can tell them where their salary is going to come from. Exactly my scheme! You are going at about the same rate too: I’m on about page 1500 since 2009. My one difference is that I don’t keep my notebooks. I scan them then discard the originals. I’ve got so much material hoarded that the only way I can afford the storage is to keep digital copies only. I don’t recall the Opteron stealing anybody’s lunch. It was the Athlon that outshone contemporary Pentium III chips. It’s a sign that we are still in the software dark ages when security is so poor that a continuous stream of patches is the only way to stay safe. The shape doesn’t seem all that incomprehensible to me. Just look at the great variety of rocks we find lying about the Earth. The universe is a big, violent, energetic place, with countless opportunites for rock to be squashed, worn, melted, smashed and congealed into any conceivable shape. I can totally imagine this being a shard ejected from a collision of two larger objects. The trick is that normal everyday summation is only defined for convergent series, so a slightly different definition of summation (called zeta function regularization) is used to assign a value to this divergent series. Physicists seem to be suggesting that our universe behaves in accordance with this second definition of summation. What’s a good way of learning statistics for someone who is more into pure mathematics? I always avoided stats as much as possible because I found the classes extremely un-rigorous. I couldn’t get to grips with what the notation really meant, and there seemed to be a lot of hand waving on the way to results. I’m not doubting that stats is rigorous, just my exposure to it so far hasn’t been. Can the author, or anyone, cite some modern examples of great quality software that we can look at and learn from? That might once have been true, and it’s far from perfect, but the Thames is a cleanup success story: http://www.bbc.co.uk/earth/story/20151111-how-the-river-tham... It looks like a bug on the lens... I can’t help wonder if there is a way for Big Wire to exist in a way that doesn’t cause them to undermine democracy, society, free will and all the other apocalyptic end-game scenarios promised for Google and Facebook. Is there no way for long distance telecoms to just exist as a legitimate service that people pay for? Could also be a genuine error like a fly on the lens or a bug in the viewfinder software. This story got picked up because there’s actual video footage. But unfortunately only one video. If there were multiple observers, why can’t we see multiple videos? Isn’t it in the dark? Isn’t he just witnessing it on the tracking screen? Damning with faint praise if the best we can say about our actions is “hey, at least we’re not as bad as this globally cataclysmic asteroid impact”. I’ll be doing a slightly-silly personal challenge that I made up: walk 7,777,777 steps, write 777,777 words, do 77,777 jumping jacks, 7,777 press-ups, eat 777 different types of fruit, achieve target weight of 77kg, and run 7 10K races. https://medium.com/@7sevens/the-seven-sevens-challenge-c7b7d... I think yes, if you choose your definition of fruit. I chose it to mean any amount of any part of the fruit, in the botanical sense. I wrote more here: https://medium.com/@7sevens/1st-january-2018-fruit-and-runni... I did one of the races today, and it counted for about 12,000 steps. I did exceed my step target for the day, but it wasn't easy. I'm counting species, not varieties. I wrote more here: https://medium.com/@7sevens/1st-january-2018-fruit-and-runni... You can’t put a man on the moon but your grandparents could. Do Intel even sell any non-vulnerable CPUs? I’m not sure the text/binary distinction is that useful. ASCII is much simpler than Unicode encodings, to the point where text can even become an attack vector. A fully featured UTF-8 parsing and rendering engine is a sophisticated thing. Does it matter whether one or the other is classified as text or binary? Not as much as it matters which requires the more complex code to process. > A giant banner in the main hallway read “A better life. A better world.” But all I could think of is how much I wanted to be back home in the real world where, even if it’s primitive, most technology just works. To be fair, most real world tech doesn’t just work either. MM is widely, though decreasingly, used in legacy finance: https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/181917/mixing-us... It’s also used by finance-outsiders who want to look like they are finance-insiders, a bit like how people will casually write GOOG and AMZN instead of Google and Amazon. I wonder if Wine is now capable of running more Windows software than any one version of Windows is? This is the difference between “freedom from” and “freedom to” - two very different concepts of freedom which are disserved by sharing a name. I used to run my own blog, but I became disillusioned with the direction HTML/CSS/JavaScript was taking. I lost confidence that my content would continue to be readable in future browsers. I know I could have customised a solution that perfectly preserved the content, but it would have been a lot of work, plus ongoing maintenance. Now I have a Medium blog and I export articles to PDF for safekeeping. Dead easy. How do these types of projects get around the fact that the new source code is clearly a derived work of the old game? I’m not saying they copied code, but they must be copying the design or the game would be a different game. > Mark utilizes a novel feature in JavaScript that an plain JS object is actually array-like, it can contain both named properties and indexed properties. Where can I read more about this feature of JavaScript? Was it just lucky that the core didn’t directly impact the drone ship or was it designed to aim to the side in the event of the landing speed being too high? Better choose your utility metric carefully, because I’ll bet 90% of the world’s population aren’t necessary to achieving most people’s ideas of goals. It could still happen. Mobile phones have been riding the CPU speed improvement gravy train for a decade or so, but there are signs that this is coming to an end like it did for desktop CPUs. There will be increased demand for faster software when the hardware stops getting faster. Optimization is vertical integration. Guess which mobile phone manufacturer is best placed to pull that off! Beware a pure meritocracy. In a meritocracy there will still be people at the bottom, and they will be told they deserve to be there. You don’t really need the huge overhead of a block chain for that. You just need a hash and some redundant storage. Saved you a click: 8357 (estimated) I always click on the HN comments first, whenever an article title has even a hint of clickbait to it, and I am nearly always well rewarded for it. I’m not going to disagree with your overall thesis, but there is something I find oppressive about the idea that society manages 75% of your life, rather than managing your own life during adulthood. Can you say more about the annotation aspect? I’m a lead architect at a major financial services organization in Europe. We’ve just completed a large SAS upgrade project. While we had no interest in SAS Viya, SAS legacy remains an important part of our landscape. It’s not a tool for programmers. It’s a toolbox for people doing other jobs, who happen to know how to program. Would we invest in SAS if we were starting today from scratch? No. But none of SAS’s biggest customers are starting from scratch, and things like continuity, risk, and embedded institutional expertise are incredibly important to these customers, in a way that might not be obvious if you’re coming from the fast-paced world of startups who have the luxury of starting with nothing. In the endgame though, I can’t see how SAS will be able to resist the cost pressure coming from the Python/R/Hadoop/FOSS-in-general ecosystem, as those tools continue to mature. Even COBOL will die one day. I think the problem is that a notary might have trouble being convinced that your fountain pen ink is what you say it is. I suspect that in your example you would observe a number of different apparent orientations, but that there would be some types of apparent orientation that could never occur. Your insurance will cost more because implementing GDPR is costing insurance companies a lot of money. One example of the increased costs due to GDPR are that data subject access requests are now free to make. In the UK they used to cost £10. A small amount which never really covered the cost of fulfilling the request, but enough to deter frivolous mass use. Now that such requests are free, there is no deterrent and companies must introduce a scalable process for dealing with them (or risk being swamped and unable to meet the 30 day deadline). This will actually be easier for companies like Google and Facebook to comply with, as they are digital natives. Financial services is an industry struggling with a burden of legacy systems, and even paper-based processes still. This one GDPR provision alone is causing much expense and heartache. Reddit is the current era’s equivalent of Usenet, and we don’t have a robust archive of that either. That’s a style of web design I’ve seen before - lots of colors, different font sizes, wall of text rants... something about it screams mental instability. See Time Cube for an extreme example. Could this harvesting technique power battery-free AirPods? What is non-beta science? I think “bug” used to be slang shorthand for the more professional term “defect”, and under that definition the Notepad change would accurately be described as a new feature. But the word bug has been coopted by the masses to have the wider meaning of “doesn’t meet user expectations”. Those theories are also too exciting (and hence likely to be overbelieved). A more mundane reason might be that interstellar travel and communication turns out to be impossible (or near enough). Does anybody know of a project to develop a converter for OneNote files? Tricky to say what it should convert to, but PDF or HTML would be a good start. Even OneNote’s own export routines don’t faithfully preserve the content (e.g. embedded files). Does such a thing exist? A similar calc with LTO-8 tapes comes out at 126PB per Model X. Not as dense, but the advantage is that tape robots and tape libraries go a little way towards automating the load/unload. Every word has a rich history which, if traced back far enough, will lead you to a source that is likely only figuratively related to what people currently understand it to mean. So we’re already in that future and we seem to cope alright. Sadly, all the Lunar Orbiter missions ended in an (intentional) impact with the moon. Seems unlikely the film would have survived. Does anyone know where the OED draws the line on niche jargon and slang? There’s a lot of self-conscious neologism and silliness in in publications such as The New Hacker’s Dictionary and Urbandictionary, but also a lot of genuine words that have genuine meaning in niche communities. It’s also worth mentioning “selection by postcode”. My daughter goes to a state school but our area is comparatively wealthy, so the intake is biased towards wealthy families. What examples are you thinking of with “Everyone slowly goes back to the old technology?” Come and join the multitudes working in big corporate legacy application support, where the applications all have It is a great relief to have several items on the list encapsulated into just one. It’s also deeply practical. Imagine trying to manage a container ship without containerization. Archival Disc doesn’t appear to be available to buy yet. Inertia is vast for the core systems that power large organizations. But these legacy systems do eventually yield as new requirements render change non-negotiable. Those ancient, messy, arcane, yet somehow supremely reliable systems tend to become frozen reflections of the organization they serve. It does eventually make sense to replace them when the organization has changed sufficiently that the reflection is no longer accurate. New regulations, new products, new markets, new acquisitions, divestment, outsourcing... these are the real drivers of change that move an organization’s technology forward - not the new tech itself. For me as a non-American, this scene is where most of my knowledge of baseball comes from. For all the talk about bullshit jobs, I don’t recall seeing a single example of one that made me think “yep, that job is clearly creating no value for anyone”. Dog washer is mentioned. Sure it’s a luxury, but bullshit? There are clearly people willing to pay for that service. The scope of Ubuntu’s bug tracker is vast. They accept bug reports against any package. I guess users will see packages as part of one integrated whole that Ubuntu is taking responsibility for. But I do wonder if there is a better way of Canonical delegating some of these bug reports to upstream. What are some great jokes/one liners/scenes that will make me laugh? This is why more content needs to be digitally signed. Imagine if you had access to archive.org and ran an AI fact-changer over it. How would you and I know? Permutation City is by Greg Egan. Did you mean to mention Snow Crash? They’re both excellent. Sound architecture and open source are both necessary. A good design convinces you it’s intended to do the right thing. Open source allows you to verify that it’s doing the right thing. True, code audits are rare. But open source software is at least in principle verifiable. Sure, so you also need open source hardware, reproducible builds, and a verifiable supply chain. You need openness and transparency end to end. Nobody’s achieved that to date, but that has got to be the goal. When a job disappears due to automation, it’s bad for the person losing their job, but it seems to be good for everybody else. Is this always the case? Is there a tipping point where automation becomes not good for everyone else? I love my iPhone 8 Plus and I think it can take some great photos, but the saturation marketing of how it would be equivalent to a DSLR set me up for some disappointment - particularly in low light where the “watercolor” effect washes away a lot of detail. That’s the point. It’s very obviously a weak cover story. The message you are supposed to be receiving is “we are above the truth”. Are you saying PDFs are a threat? More so than a web page? While I don’t agree with this law, it’s not dumb. Security is about defence in depth. A determined attacker might have a way around this law, but perhaps not every criminal would know about this method, or think to use it. It’s easy to scoff at blunt-tool laws because you can think of a way to undermine them. But law and society are built on a patchwork of imperfect systems which can individually be broken, undermined, manipulated or worked around. In aggregate, they do achieve some semblance of a result, because they are layered together - even if each one alone provides only a marginal element of security. Having watched a 4K movie, I can confidently say 640K should be enough for anybody. Really pleased to see this kind of work being done. My experience of desktop Linux has been on a downward trend in recent years, with so many little graphical glitches and oddities popping up at every opportunity. I believe the root cause is the deep stack of components that it takes to draw on the screen, with little mutual understanding across boundaries, and some black boxes that cannot be understood by OSS devs anyway. Unless we’re in an infinite simulation like an idealized Game of Life grid. Western education drills into us the mantra that reading books is virtuous. It certainly is something that children need to learn how to do, like eating and sleeping. But like eating and sleeping there are limits to the benefit you will get from reading books, and I don’t think this is widely recognised. The prevailing opinion still seems to be that reading is unreservedly Good For You. Why do I say that? Because reading is ultimately a form of consumption. The quality and quantity of that reading matters, just like it does for eating and sleeping. Someone who spends all day reading isn’t necessarily in any better position than someone who spends all day playing video games. Don’t get me wrong, I do love and recommend reading books - but the right amount of the right stuff. Canonical need to be clearer that the LTS releases are the real releases, and the interim 6-monthly releases are more like developer previews. Full time job and two kids here, and ain’t that the truth. Does that 18 billion include the smartphone industry? I think phones are the real successor of the mass-market element of Kodak’s business. Hey, I don’t know your situation so this may be nonsense, but what you describe doesn’t sound so PC. The guy’s code worked? Doesn’t sound unreasonable that the project leader would want it merged. Put the technical debt on the backlog, get on with writing other code that works. The project leader presumably had a team to manage. Seems perfectly understandable that they would want all their team contributing, even if some team members were vastly more productive than others. The alternative is over-reliance on key personnel, or back to the recruitment treadmill (both of these are risks and uncertainties - which it’s the PM’s job to manage down). The project leader should want his less skilled employees to grow their skills so that he may one day have a greater breadth and depth of talent at his disposal. It might even be reasonable for the leader to want his most talented developers to do nothing but coach junior colleagues - particularly on a typical project that isn’t rocket science, where 5 average developers will be more useful than one rockstar. Like I said, I don’t know your situation. My point is that the behaviour you describe seems like it could be quite normal and rational and not motivated by PCness at all. My iPhone usability peeve is the lack of an authoritative, comprehensive reference manual. I know lots of intelligent people who lack “technical affinity” but are nevertheless perfectly capable of reading. The iPhone gets a lot right in terms of discoverability and usability of 90% of its functionality, but that last 10% is frustratingly hard to find definitive answers for. There’s also a further 10%: The functionality you think the iPhone might or should have, but doesn’t. Good luck getting any official source to confirm though. You are left to trawl helpless forums. Have you got some examples? I don’t think “reinventing” is entirely fair. Along the way, the PC vendors made this technology affordable for the masses. That’s huge. Just on the tattoos point... tattoos are like starting smoking. Not morally wrong, but they have permanent consequences that children are ill-equipped to judge. (To be honest, I’d go further and claim that a lot of adults don’t grasp the consequences of tattoos either). > Storage is cheap It’s cheaper than it used to be, but it’s not so cheap that you can give away a free terabyte of it to millions of users. The announcement explicitly calls out that storage is a huge cost for them. Not that it excuses bad behaviour of fans, but I think there are a lot of people genuinely concerned that GRRM is going to die before he finishes it. They’ve seen it happen before with the Wheel of Time series.