It's about the negative externalities of engagement optimization. No, the children will be commodified. It's systems-level thinking applied to people. Reader beware though, once you start down this path, you can become adept at spotting this pattern emerge in many other human systems. It depends. Left and right is as real as any social construction. Like many social constructions it shares common features: It's hegemonic. It's the basis for identity. It's socially reproduced. It's used as a wedge by elites to maintain power. Substitute politics, race, gender, nationalism, etc. Same pattern. Despite it being socially constructed, there are still real material disadvantages when people don't conform. The choice between putting food on the table or non-conformity is real. I'm missing something here. I could create a coded message that required apeace to decipher. That doesn't necessarily mean that I'm you. Thank you for pointing it out bluntly. For people like me, it does help to read the unwritten rules. I'll let my naivete lead me to learning something new. Wouldn't 50%+1 attacks still be a concern? We might have different ideas about what social reproduction means. I believe social reproduction occurs every time a social interaction occurs which reenforces social norms through social accountability. How many children people are having is more of a sexual reproduction topic to me. If any restriction is intolerable then what remains? It's a form of operationalization and that's a valid critique. My hope would be that there are some studies on the validity of the technique. That being said, there's probably better ways. Additionally, I'd find it fun to riff on ways to make it better that have the same time/budget constraints as the original. Not sure, I follow. That doesn't make any sense. He argues for ZoomWorld, so his mileage may vary. Sure, but take it a step further and analyze it. Does Instagram, knowing this information, have any obligations when making choices that affect teen's mental health? Would making choices which negatively affect teen's mental health be an ethical action? One such choice could be segmenting user's by mental health for the purpose of advertisement. Is such a segmentation ethical? What if doing so increases Instagram's profit (say for example teens who struggle are more susceptible to ads), does that change your answer? Should that change Instagram's answer? My point is that we are capable and obliged to dive deeply into these questions. 22% of teens[p24] of a total 22M teens(DAU)[1] are negatively affected by Instagram. This is 4.1 million people - not a small number. By stopping short and simply saying teens are twice as likely to benefit than suffer ignores the 4.1 million teens who are suffering. I'm not sure they take much solace that 8.2 million feel better off. [1] https://www.wsj.com/articles/facebook-knows-instagram-is-tox... Lack of evidence is not the issue. A more fruitful line of questioning is starting with "What function do courts server and for whom?" Not much to critique, though it would have been nice to see the author outline the hegemonic nature of the idea that competition between individuals is the natural state of the world. What a strange way of looking at the world. When did you choose to have that perspective and why? Hmm, I always thought conformity-culture was the cause of social accountability of outliers. My go to example for this is the highly individual valuing, yet Patagonia vest wearing finance bros. Conformity without collectivism. It's a thing and it's much more insidious than the collectivism-conformity script we got growing up. A similar grounding exercise[1] I like is saying out loud: 5 things I can see, 4 things I can touch, 3 things I can hear, 2 things I can smell, and 1 thing I can taste. It takes just a minute to complete and consistently works. [1] https://copingskillsforkids.com/blog/2016/4/27/coping-skill-... One way to understand this would be to ask people in the form of a question. Dear HN people who form this category, why do you demonize big tech while supporting unions who have killed rivals? I can't help but laugh because your last line perfectly describes inheritance, a practice whose abolishment was demanded in The Communist Manifesto. I don't like this pattern in calls to action. The pattern starts with an implicit hopelessness of affecting any external change and results in all responsibility being assumed by the individual. This is an antipattern of change. It does not need to be perpetuated because it reproduces the permanence of the constructs we want to dismantle. Even more importantly, these entities are fully aware of this and craftily guide the masses toward individual responsibility as a default, knowing that it won't affect real change. The antidote to this is critical collective action which realizes the impossibly of change as itself an impossible stance to take. Of course not. We both agree that organizing doesn't appear out of nowhere and that it takes real work to mobilize people. The call to action of installing adblockers in this particular case makes people feel like they are taking real action, but it's equivalent to "hope and prayers" and that doesn't work either. My point is that "If you can't stop Facebook snooping" is a self-limiting assumption. Of course we can stop Facebook from snooping. Facebook's ability to snoop relies on the social, political, legal, and economic assumptions all of which are constructed by people and therefore aren't immutable constants. Our progress toward changing that is realizing that all of these things are things we made and therefore can change. You can absolutely get rid of the legal concept of capital. It's supported and encoded by a set of laws. Delete the laws. Whether or not this is the best approach is up for debate. Of course, the legal code is simply an artifact in the construction of capital, but by no means sufficient to its existence. I'll go even further and throw in the idea that human tribalism is innate is itself also a construction that can be dismantled. > I'm baffled trying to figure which specific laws could be removed to delete capital from our society. Sounds like a fantastic project filled with economic, sociological, political, and ontological questions. What's the space of categorizations and which categorizations have the most compelling explanatory power? As an example, here's a statement[1] in the tax code which defines "capital asset." Enjoy! [1] https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/26/1221#a I'm curious how much time you're spent "doing monads" compared to reading about monads. The reason that I bring this up is that monads didn't click for me until I had hands on experience with a few different monad instances and could see the abstraction take shape in different ways. If that doesn't apply to you, that's ok too. It's fun to understand other people's methods of conceptualization. That's an interesting narrative framing. I'm reading Berger[1] at the moment and of course the social reproduction of knowledge is a component of the work. Pg. 76-77(in the linked copy) parallel your description of this process though on a longer timescale. In social media spaces, the playfulness and joking nature of the progenitors, becomes habituated, and eventually institutionalized over time. What's surprising is the speed at which this happens. In Berger's conceptualization is that this happens over the course of lifetimes, while in the social media space, this happens over the course of months. My final point is that this is the reason why "jokes"[2] are insidious. They will attract people who earnestly believe they aren't just jokes which normalizes harassment. [1] The Social Construction of Reality. Berger, Peter http://perflensburg.se/Berger%20social-construction-of-reali... [2] A specific kind of harassment designed to habituate abuse while also taking advantage of plausible deniability by ostensibly also being a "joke". It's definitely possible you've already done monadic things in code. If it's any consolation, I would not have ever been able to grasp monads by reading tutorials alone and the monad laws are simply too abstract for me to have envision a concrete usage. I learned without touching Haskell at all and it's my opinion is that Scala + Cats is a much easier onramp to monads than Haskell. You sound like a kind and curious person. If you ever want a one-on-one walkthrough please reach out to me (email in bio). Everyone deserves the chance to understand something if they want to. That's how I describe it too: Potemkin Retail. The elders don't like the other comparisons that we make to being lucky that there are at least bread lines. That means the store has bread that day. Your ethics are my opportunity. Bruce's Beach is another example that's easy to reach for. For anyone to assume that this hasn't happened is to admit to not studying history. The consulting and training industry captured the c-suite mindshare and sold process over people. Joe has every incentive to convince other people to minimize paternity leave. Morality is for the working class. Read Berger(1966). This is reification in it's most basic form. Weird comment. Why lead with a false dichotomy and then slide into everything is a gray area? Maybe pick an example and go with that? It isn't a trade off. That's the falseness of setting it up as two mutually exclusive and exhaustive choices. There are better ways to make a point than hyperbole. My backburner project of providing Clojure bindings to React running in GraalJS has gotten to the point where it technically works, but I'm not sure if the marshalling overhead is worth it. It's been fun pairing it to a terminal emulator and writing a blessed-like[1] using Clojure though. [1] blessed - https://github.com/chjj/blessed Umm, the right to be free from slavery. I'm saying freedom from slavery was an increase in freedom and a greater good. That's the point. A net increase in both. That's why it's a false dichotomy. > Ml based systems will always make errors Sure, but error should be randomly distributed. This is stats 101. Any decent ML practitioner will check for this before releasing a model. Great seeing this here. Papermill has been part of our datascience CI/CD process for the last couple years. It's been a solid building block and it was fun getting our notebooks building in Github Actions. I believe we're mostly in agreement. What's not acceptable to me is using "All models are wrong" to imply that it's ok to not understand ways in which they wrong, to be willfully ignorant of their failures, or to devalue transparency. As a professional and practitioner, I have to a responsibility to engage in transparency and honesty when I deliver a model. Part of that is understanding and designing failure modes. That's simply good engineering. Donating with stipulations is such a weird thing to do. Either you trust the acceptor, or you find someone else to donate to. Why give money to someone if you don't trust them to use it wisely? Also mixed in with strawman. > Exaggerating (sometimes grossly exaggerating) an opponent's argument, then attacking this exaggerated version. The claim in this case being, "residents should have reasonable access to sunlight in their rooms." And the exaggeration being penthouses. I agree with it being common. However, I can't stop referring back to http://paulgraham.com/donate.html I'm simply not convinced that cancellations of mild controversiality represent a significant proportion of total cancellations without evidence. São Paulo's been living it for 14 years. I'd love to hear from residents how they feel about it too. In agreement. Far too many "debaters" do not acknowledge this truth. Identifying a problem and proposing a solution are two different things. I get that actionable statements are appreciated, but they aren't a requirement. Conflating the two rhetorically sophomoric. Another way of putting this is the burden of proof to also provide on a solution is not on the problem identifier. Asking as much is implicitly making the argument that the problem doesn't exist because the solution doesn't yet exist. We can all agree how absurd that is. A lot of us actually mean capitalism because we believe that the incentives it creates are inherently baked into its structure. For example, the construction of capital markets inevitably lead to labor exploitation through a natural series of actions and reactions. That's anti-capitalism 101. Anyone who has worked at a heavily funded startup knows this. They may not have the words for it, or they may even like it, but they cannot deny that the situation creates the incentives. I really wish I could, but this is essentially asking for a distillation of Capital Vol 1 in a Hacker News comment. If this is something you're interested in, I encourage you to read it from the source. It spells out exactly this. If that doesn't quite suit you, feel free to reach out (email in profile) and I'm sure we could find a way to convey this conversationally. We're not just competing with big corps, we're competing with each other too. It's not a competition for dollars though, it is an intensifying competition of austerity. Every downsize, skipped meal, and acceptance of worse conditions legitimizes itself and races to the bottom in answering the question, "what's the bare minimum needed to support life?" Every workaround, make do, and acceptance rachets down and squeezes everyone just a bit more. I banned my boss from texting after hours. He texted me during hours for a legitimate reason. Moments after the issue was taken care of, I blocked his number. If it ever becomes an issue, it's easy to frame as a healthy way of enforcing boundaries. Everyone should block their boss by default. The tweet is a specific case of the general idea that "Market inefficiencies result in price-value disparities." If you believe this, the tweet naturally follows. The author assumes the audience already believes this. Not unless the Westphalian model is deconstructed. Deconstruct the idea that this is the best we can do - our current political economy is not some inevitability. Human nature, politics, and economics are not fundamental facts. These are ideas are inherently self-limiting. They are constantly reconstructed in social interactions. Anyone telling you otherwise is unaware of how social knowledge works or has a vested interest in maintaining this illusion. Spread this idea and the idea of it spreading to everyone you know. Things are impossible, until suddenly they aren't. Yes > Otherwise, you may need to work longer or find a supplemental source of income from a part-time job, Eweka suggested. Dying with the most amount of debt is the ultimate fuck you to austerity. Reap the earthly rewards and avoid consequences. Why should I grind myself to dust to support a system I reap no rewards from? If the answer to this relies on a categorical imperative, that system doesn't deserve to exist. > Which means those jobs have to pay more The assumption being made here is "all other things being equal". All other things are never equal. It's a common refrain here to setup a weird dichotomy between freedom and some other X. It's a thought anti pattern - a rootless piece of social knowledge that people were told at some point that never went examined. There are so many cases of freedom AND X, that it's easy to disprove. I'm still not convinced[1]. 1. https://www.bmj.com/content/363/bmj.k5094 5300 words and I'm still left wondering, "Who are they?" People have names. Thank you. I've been trying to convince people that coal power isn't bad because solar exists and is gaining production share. As long as alternatives exist, coal does nothing to the environment. It is very difficult to convey sarcasm through text. If you thought my previous comment was devoid of all reason and thought, may I direct you to its parent? I cannot wait to for game mods to enable right click, save as functionality in games. The problem of rug-pulling irl generally being illegal. You did a good job demonstrating how the reification of social institutions works. > I think the root of it has something to do with the higher ups wanting and forcing people to work so that they can profit out of it. In the same way we think the divine right of monarchy is an absurd way to justify feudalism, someday we will think human nature is an absurd way of justifying our current system. If my neighbor had a QoS config which meant my use did not degrade their bandwidth, then it would be ok? I agree but for a different reason. It's simply not effective. Unrest can never be ameliorated by squashing it because censorship will always be routed around. Any attempt at pushing it down will result in it popping up somewhere else, sometimes in a different form. The only remedy is improving the material conditions for the majority of people. In every revolution we've seen, the elites are unable to comprehend or unwilling to compromise, and in every case, the longer it drags on, the more dispossessed they eventually become. US state population trends starting in the 1840s are currently generating increasing unrest as a function of the structure of the US senate resulting in a rule by minority. As the chamber becomes increasingly unrepresentative, the ability to reform it becomes increasingly less probably due to the structure of constitutional reform. In a more perfect world, US population geographics would be modulated by representative power. That however, is not the case. State and local governments increasingly sort voters by self-selection bias. Further entrenchment and unwillingness to compromise will be gasoline for the current tinder. What an excellent story about the working class reaping the rewards of automation. Had the business developed the solution, they would capture the difference instead. Whether it's true or not is irrelevant. At worst it is a parable. The lesson is that automation is not our savior. > that implied portrayal of "wife sits at home goofing off all day because machines do all the real work" couldn't be the norm. The history of women's work is a history of unpaid labor. The reality maintenance machinery supporting this is powerful. From devaluing industries which see a change in gender participation, to not classifying certain tasks as labor, the mechanisms of maintenance range from insidious to ridiculous. Understanding what happens if that reality is not maintained is important to understanding why it is maintained. If you happen to have, or know of a list of the others, I'd be very interested in reading it. Natural proclivities is a post hoc rationalization using the sociological process of reification. The process of gaining knowledge assuming a social construct will always suffer from a tautological fallacy. Any attempt to break the cycle is a epistemological illusion. And in today's world, right click, save as. The only problem with this is the same reason taxes are compulsory. Repositioning your review mirror to reflect their headlights directly back into the driver's eyes is not a solution (tested empirically). Have you considered pivoting out of the baking industry and into something more profit-positive? There are material incentives to using them too which are baked into policy.The 1033 program requires that all equipment issued through it be used within one year of the date it is granted. In addition to being "fun toys" there are real structural incentives too. I checked against a Vox article before posting but neglected to cite because of perceived bias. I'll see if I can pull up an original source. Edit: States are apparently required to file an LESO operation plan. Here is an example from the Minnesota LESO operation plan Section III. C. > ... are required to utilize property within one year or schedule its return https://dps.mn.gov/divisions/hsem/homeland-security/Document... Parent is arguing that we should understand what incentivizes people to break laws and fix that. ie: do rootcause analysis, employ systems-level thinking and take preventative measures. As an aside, wording seems to be an important part of formulating these requests too. There was an interesting example used in coaching correct requests. Don't say you need blankets to keep detainees warm. Instead say you need blankets so that LEOs can provide detainees with warmth. Important apparently bc the property is primarily for the benefit of LEOs. Unfortunately it's blockhead[1]. I wish this was a joke. 1. https://investors.block.xyz/governance/leadership/default.as... This feeling of frustration is familiar. What helped me was shifting the way I approached the problem. Rather than tasking myself with manipulating social structures directly, I've found joy in teaching others to recognize the structures, recognize the processes by which their reality is maintained, and formulate tools to expose their weaknesses and dismantle them. Ideas spread like seeds in the wind. Our collective mental soil is so ready to accept them. Construct an self-reinforcing reality aimed at dismantling the current enabling structures. That's exactly as hard or as easy as it sounds. Is it possible to de-capitalize heathcare? Not in this economy. Take Walmart as an example. If a country, it would rank 25th economically (above 188 other countries and the likes of Austria, Argentina, Norway, Ireland, and South Africa).[1] Walmartian central planning scales at least that far. 1. https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3524078 How are the current economic agents solving the NP-hard problem of economy? It seems like they are are just as incapable as a computer (assuming the substrate independence of computation). It should double every time. The data realm has a fun set of metaphors. For example, DATA IS A PHYSICAL MATERIAL. It can be CLEANED, MINED, EXTRACTED, FILTERED, POLISHED, PIPED, etc. > Namely, though low productivity growth may be leading to rising inequality, it may also be that rising inequality is reducing productivity growth, by stifling “the ability to harness the talents of potential innovators across the income spectrum. "The ability to harness talents" is a weird way of saying people don't want spend their time working to benefit someone else. When the value extraction knob turns up, the incentive to work goes down. When you're getting cucumbers and the other guy keeps getting grapes[1] it makes sense to stop playing the game. 1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_9RjDqJ7Zs I thought ad hominems were looked down on here. Has something changed? If radio equipment manufacturers built their business on choosing which messages to promote would it change things? Yes, we understand the incentives. My kids want to stay up past their bedtime, but I still say no because of the consequences the next day. I'm sure you agree that simply because someone wants you to do something it has no bearing on whether it was the correct choice or not. Lost? It was dismantled and it was done with intent. Let us not forget the people who did it and how they did it. "There is no such thing as society. There are individual men and women and there are families." - Margaret Thatcher It's much harder to build something than it is to tear it down. Fantastic advice! Lately I've been re-thinking how I've made friends throughout my life. I had some things right but some others were misguided. Creating intentional spaces was something right. I put myself into situations where I could be friendly with workmates during lunch and definitely felt engaged and friendly with the people there. Over the years though, it felt more and more hollow. We've had time to step back and think lately. I realized what was missing was emotional openness and that comes with a little vulnerability. While being friendly with workmates is nice, it isn't the place to show emotional vulnerability. I had set myself up to never be able to turn associates into friends. It finally clicked as to why people keep their work and friends separate. I'm glad you found your groove. The quality of life that comes with having deep friendships is incredible. I hope stories like these inspire others to take a step toward realizing deep friendship. I remember the same. However, as I've gotten older and everything has become political, the non-political path has gotten smaller and smaller and has all but disappeared. Even more importantly, I've realized that it's not healthy to have an entire social diet composed of polite conversations. Emotional vulnerability and openness is a necessary ingredient for meaningful social engagement. An opening move into politics is still an out of pocket move, but never engaging openly stunts a potentially deep bond. Please don't mistake my including that quote as asserting that Thatcher single-handedly lowered social trust. I used it as an example that sums up a broader ideological goal of a larger group of people. We both agree on the implications of such a change. Maybe you agree that some people pushed for systems which resulted in this conclusion and some occurred by other factors? > I'm not entirely sure who pushed for these changes. If a historical analysis isn't your thing(and I get that), the next best thing anyone can do is look for it in the present. Anywhere we see people pressing for the individualization of responsibility, assuming the inability of groups of people to affect positive change, or the "I'm not responsible for anyone but myself" attitude, we see a person with this mindset realizing a reality where everyone is more distant, alone, and lonely. I get the sense that it would be many other things easier as well. The only reason he would be fired is because he's terrible at masking. Until we get suffrage for minors, banning cigarettes is peanuts. > it's pretty much all that matters, probably, as of today Not really understanding this. What does it mean? I'm wrapping up Ásta's Categories We Live By[1] and it's been fun learning about models describing the mechanisms which construct social identity and how people agree or disagree on their construction. Using the article as an example, we can see the institutionalization of age as a label though government documents, policy, and law, but there is also a communal construction presumably by way of Ratelband's friends and family celebrating his birthday and keeping track of his age. Even today, people at least self-identify as an age whenever they "lie" about their age to others. Who or what is the ultimate judge of age? Unfortunately I mean this in a technical capacity. Just like an umpire who is the judge of what is a strike or ball in baseball, who is and who do we want to be the judge of age? In a lot of ways self-conferral is the ultimate form of individual liberty. Why would I want someone else enforcing on me properties about myself? 1. https://doi.org/10.1111/ejop.12744 > exited your mother's womb The problem with this is that it is arbitrary. Why this and not date of conception, or date from first heartbeat, or date from first word, or date from walking? Any response will attempt to reify the construct, but that doesn't actually do to constructivists what non-constructivists think it does. > that kind of does sound excessive I don't know about you, but I'd have to compare it to cost of living references and public employee's per capita to begin to have an understanding. Even if I had that, there are many other factors I'd want to explore: what's the impact of CoL and commuting? What's the impact of employees not living in the jurisdictional area? What are the structural systems which function to determine salaries, both as an interaction with labor markets and those that have been institutionalized? If I was hired as a consultant to make judgements on SF public spending, in short, I'd do my due diligence. That's right. I enjoy phrasing social problems in the language of software engineering so I'll do that here. The structures which enable these salaries are a Chesteron's Fence[1]. Shooting from the hip ignores second-order effects[2] and is a thought terminating rhetorical pattern. It's the equivalent of trying random code to fix a bug without doing root-cause analysis. If I tried to do any of these on a development team I'd expect someone to take me aside and kindly explain the consequences. For some reason (which I'd be happy to understand) all of these valuable mental tools are left on the bench when we move out of development and into other realms. They are powerful techniques to understand systems of all types -- we should aspire to use them whenever we can. 1. https://fs.blog/chestertons-fence/ 2. https://personalmba.com/second-order-effects/ Proportionally speaking that would put teachers in Todd County South Dakota where the median home value in 2020 was $26,900[1] at an annual salary of $3,842. If the argument is that teacher salaries should be a linear function of average home values and that a $1M/yr salary doesn't make sense and a $3.8k/yr salary doesn't either, I'm not sure where you want to go from there. 1. https://www.credible.com/blog/data-insights/county-in-every-... Kind of? Do you think the market for firefighters is a monopsony and if so, how does that shape the firefighter labor market? This feels risky, like a reply to a rhetorical question. For me the difference between the two is the acknowledgement of human authorship. Chesterton's Fence assumes human authorship leaving open the possibility for change, while the The Divine Right of Kings/Mandate of Heaven explicitly buries its authorship in an attempt to crystalize it as immutable. Feel free to disagree, but it feels like we're drifting away from the plot. A lifting a phone ban won't change the structures and incentives at play. This is an attempt to again shift responsibility to individuals. Let's imagine how the scenario plays out if workers have access to weather alerts. Each worker has a choice to make: either bring it up to their sup, ignore it, or walk out. Maybe y'all have more experience working at amazon warehouses than me, but I don't believe for a second that warehouse management is going to let people off the job. Management's incentives simply don't align with that possibility. If they did, this wouldn't be an issue. The other options have even worse consequences for workers. I'm not so sure. Take vhs rewinders for example. VHS cassettes and players were obsoleted by DVDs and DVD players respectively but there is no analogous new tech to the rewinder. It was a dead end. Maybe I'm splitting hairs. The real fun is talking about other peoples' plans they aren't supposed to talk about. That's the best part about the internet -- there aren't any real consequences for doing so. Fibre has its own challenges -- crystalline structure, IoR homogeneity, and polarization effects can affect the entire audio spectrum. I wish I could say it's better, but ultimately ju/st a different game. Someday we will invent a transmission medium which preserves the fidelity of satire Growing up I was told hundreds of times "not to believe everything you read on the internet." Parents, teachers, relatives, and older folks all told me that. It was a cliche, and us younger people made fun of it being a cliche in the same way we made fun of downloading cars. Even so, it stuck with me. Then it stopped. No one said it anymore. What happened? It's not all roses though. Aristotle's teleology for example, made it's way into both religion (with enormous harm via Thomas Aquinas) and the sciences. We're still trying to stamp it out of the latter when it occasionally still pops up in places like evolutionary biology. > We need work. Not sure I follow. It's amazing how these little bits of social knowledge ferment the flavor of the story. It's a lot like learning to taste beer or wine. Once you take the time to sit down and learn to pay attention to your senses, you can identify things like acetaldehyde, diacetyl, and mercaptans. It's fun teaching people how to sense things they weren't aware of before. The author seems to have done a little trick. By assuming this little fact, it serves as a rationalization for Dad's emotional neglect. It explains his behavior in retrospect, and I get why that makes sense. But that doesn't mean it's true, it doesn't have any predictive power because it reverses subject and object. "We need work" is a social fact, nothing more, and it's only true as much as it's believed to be true. To me it stands out like pickle in pancake, maybe it can for you too. Everyone agrees that people need to do certain things to survive. What complicates this line of thinking are the social facts that are assumed when we conceptualize work. The way that work is conceptualized is culturally specific across space and time. The construction "eating implies survival implies work" doesn't imply that our culturally specific conceptualization of work is implied. There are many interesting ways to have conversations about work means, how it changes, and what factors influence how people think about what work is and isn't. Thank you for laying this out. Exploring these are the ideas I had in mind when exploring the work-survival substitution. If I may also point out, the conceptualization of work is self-reinforcing too. Jobs are defined from the assumption of the work-fact. This in turn transforms peoples' subjective experience of work into definitions of work as an objective reality. "We need work" and "we things to get done" are different things in my mind. I agree just like anyone that we need certain things to get done to survive. "We need work" is a curious little phrase though. It's setup in the same way as "we need food", or "we need safety and security", or "we need to feel loved." The framing is that of a basic human need and it's my impression that's how many people see it. It's interesting that the language follows suit in a Metaphors We Live By[1]-type of way. 1. https://www.biblio.com/9780226468013 It can just be bad. Requiring a superior alternative us another kind of trick. Identifying problems and providing solutions are two different things. Combining the two is a clever way to set an artificial bar on what can be discussed. It's much easier to simply ban suicide. To not care about others is psychopathy . They typically don't care what others think save for how it impacts their ability to do what they want and this is generally seen as a social net negative. Systems that incentivize psychopathy deserve to be dismantled. At least or better carbon parity than existing systems, feasible transaction rollbacks when mandated by law. Sorry, not willing to accept these bugs as features. /gen The best thing you can do is organize your workplace. Job hopping allows businesses to eat the market at the edges and eventually squeeze those demands out of the labor pool. CPI includes housing as "Owners' equivalent rent of primary residence (OER)". If that inspires confidence in anyone, please, I'd like to hear how. I was being a snark, but I would still genuinely like to hear why someone would feel confident in the method. Their peers if they're nice enough will let everyone know "Don't ever show up with an offer or you'll be fired." So it happens rarely if at all. You may already be a listener, but I've found great joy in listening to Mike Duncan's Revolutions[1]. It makes it easier to pick out what structures, people, and events today might make their way into history books(or podcasts of the future) one hundred years from now should things go pear-shaped. There are many points to be made, but one that tends to go less appreciated is that in the period leading up to the dramatic revolutionary events there isn't a constant increase in tension. There are flare ups of course, but they punctuate years of relative peace. Just because tensions die down for a bit does not mean things are getting fixed. Quite the opposite, it lulls people into complacency. That is, until the systemic deficiencies paired with personalities unable to address them collide and everything falls apart. 1. https://thehistoryofrome.typepad.com/revolutions_podcast/ A work stoppage is more realistic than direct combat. What are they going to do? Force us to work? For example, with the way supply chains are right now, how much leverage do transportation/logistics workers have to force a change? Fascinating! Any more info on which industries and by which means people would be forced to work? Is that simply one aspect of cultural dialectics[1] or am I missing something? 1. https://textbooks.whatcom.edu/duttoncmst101/chapter/intercul... > What ends up in the university libraries used for the Google n-gram data varies with trends in Google’s book-inclusion policy, editorial practices, library policies, and popularity of genres. As none of those effects can be excluded it is important that we find the same trends for word use in the New York Times. The interesting line of thought here is that NYT articles have fairly clear authorship (and to a lesser degree editorship). Do individual authors follow a similar trend (implying that people are changing) or do authors stay the same (implying that the NYT composition is changing)? In short, how much is personal change, and how much is churn? It's a lot like how the ocean is should be the most powerful homeopathic medicine due to dilution. The Search for Planet X[1] is a board game where players solve what amounts to a logic puzzle. The puzzle is generated procedurally and shared via seed amongst the players. The players then interact with an app to extract facts or constraints, keeping track of their own information as well as other players' queries in order to derive the game terminating[2] fact (the location of planet X). The game is, of course, deciding which new facts or constraints to learn. 1. (2020) https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/279537/search-planet-x 2. Among other ways to win points within the game > One thing that makes some vetocracies illegitimate, however, is that a small group of people wield far outsized power relative to their numbers. >I agree the US Senate should have a supermajority voting requirement You might be looking at things differently, but to me there is a lot of friction between these two statements. The US Senate is the perfect example of a small group of people who wield outsized power relative to their numbers[1]. The small group of people are the small[2] state electors. The combination of rigid state boundaries, fixed representation, and population migration are necessary and sufficient conditions to power imbalance. Redistricting states, proportional representation, or serfdom are the antidotes[3]. In my mind this is the preeminent issue of our time. It is strife with dilemmas which culminate in an inability to make any meaningful structural change. The problem with these situations is that absent a viable legal path toward change, extra-legal change is an inevitable result[4]. 1. https://www.bloombergquint.com/view/senate-power-imbalance-t... 2. In population. 3. With obvious pros and cons and palatability. 4. See all revolutions ever. They just classified by UI. The good news is that humans are self-documenting. Touch-consent is as easy to do as asking a question. Not really sure what the big deal is. Not sure where you're getting that from. I would like to assume positive intent and the best interpretation of your position, but it's really difficult to not read this as "If we have to get consent for touching someone, then we have to get consent for all interactions. Therefore touch-consent is non-viable." Please help me understand how you aren't saying that. I'm trying to say this in the nicest way possible, but filling in the blanks with assumptions and then arriving at this conclusion is not the right approach. The right approach would be to talk to real life young people and young adults in this position and come to an understanding based on their experiences. The nuances of medical gatekeeping are at least a book-length treatise, probably multi-volume. Please, talk to some trans people in your life and parents of trans people with an open mind. Middle ground positions sound ok, but this this a squishy topic with infinite dimensions and designing systems that try to take a balanced approach do harm in unobvious and subtle ways. What do you think their agenda is? /gen > Does it really matter how much more harm it causes? Yes, the quantity and quality are the most important part of this whole discussion. Anyone should have a handle on these before drawing conclusions that intend to reduce harm. I'll make an analogy. How many times have you had to remind someone to profile before making optimizations? Studying harm is the profiling and making changes to reduce it is optimizing. > Why would you assume I have not? That's fantastic! What did they say about this? > There is literally no medical condition out there that is treated this way. There's literally no medical condition that intersects society this way. Why apply a blanket approach to all medical conditions? > looking at each case individually seems kinda middle ground to me. It sounds nice, but the outcome is that individual practitioners will exert their individual biases[1]. This is why we have things like DSM[2] in psychology, and in this specific case WPATH[3]. 1. Don't mistake this that my goal is zero biases. We're talking about reducing harm, not eliminating it. Let's not let perfect be the enemy of good. 2. An example of standards 3. https://www.wpath.org/publications/soc The Social Construction of Reality[1]. This book helped me in my personal life coming to terms with my identity. But it also helped me understand the art of discourse much more deeply. It gives the tools to easily and quickly identify implicit assumptions in arguments and drill down into why and how they are made. It also makes it very clear that people in general construct very poor arguments. You may already believe this, but just how poor they are is almost unbelievable. 1. Berger, Luckmannn1966 ISBN 978-0-385-05898-8 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:BookSources/978-0-38... A few years ago I momentarily set mine to Spanish just to see how it worked. Now, once every few weeks I randomly get a Spanish response. 99.9% of responses are English, just the odd ball Spanish one. I'm never going to file a bug report; it makes me smile. Part of me thinks I keep using it because of this. I guess, not really? But this results in justifying any existing rule and that conclusion is incompatible with my existing world view so I end up viewing it as an artifact of rhetoric rather than a result of logic. Thank you for the recommendation. I've also recently read Ásta's Categories We Live By which references Searle quite a bit. So it definitely tracks with the line I've been going down :) If we're going off pet theories, mine's got to be the lasting effects of a lifetime of lead poisoning[1]. Difficult adult personalities[2], emotional regulation[3] and emotional intelligence[4] are linked to childhood lead exposure. I'll be the first to admit that this is a strong stance, weakly held, and that we're probably never going to have conclusive evidence as to the likely infinite factors at play, but it's still fun to try to explain the clear patterns of behavior associated with these people. 1. p. 6 http://leadsafedemo.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/LEAD-PLAY... 2. https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2019/01/190123112330.h... 3. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6450277/ 4. By way of Takeuchi, H. et al. https://www.nature.com/articles/s42003-021-02435-0 Survivorship bias. All the wooden ones disintegrated over the millennia. Same. I spent 5 or so years working on a project when I (sh/c)ould have been working on myself. I knew I needed to be doing something so I manifested that change externally which made me feel like I was making progress on something - something apprehendable. What I needed to do instead was realize what those needs were, where they were coming from, and address them directly. Now I have a lot of catching up to do back-dropped with the emotional texture of lost time. Genuinely interested in hearing what other people get out of it. I couldn't get past Carse's overwrought use of chiasmus. After finally reaching the end, he places a coy little phrase which falls flat because he spilled the beans 66 sections earlier and it irks me to this day. This is a really good example of not liking a solution and resolving that conflict by denying the problem. Was there a single point in your life where your worldview crystalized or was it an evolving process? I'm genuinely interested in how people arrive at the place your at. Obviously a lot of directions to take this, but how is climate different from say the ozone hole story? To me it bears the same hallmarks. We don't fully understand the atmosphere, should we have left the problem alone? Who are we to say what the right size the hole should be. To top it off a lot of people seem to be afraid of it and claim it will mean the end of most life on earth. I'm curious how either you frame it as a different thing. Is it that we do understand ozone dynamics, or that people weren't afraid of it, or something else? It also generalizes beyond social networks. Another way of viewing this is simply medical student syndrome[1] transplanted onto the substrate of social media. Learning about a new thing biases people in a way that they over identify that thing. As a parent, I've experienced this in the last year. It was pretty easy to identify and correct for. Teens try out novel behaviors regularly. It's a good strategy for figuring out identity and maturing, but it does have these weird edge-cases that being on the lookout for and gently applying reality maintenance mechanisms corrects for. 1. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/in-excess/201609/bri... This solution doesn't reward enough money to service providers, it doesn't put enough personal responsibility on individuals, and it doesn't involve enough punishment for people to take it seriously. It would also be too much fun riding the booze bus home and we can't have that. The problem is that miners are buying GPUs. Without denying the problem, how can the market fix this? Sorry, not following. Can you explain how efficiencies in GPU production interact with network difficulty to produce lower GPU prices? I'm not finding much in the literature. Network difficulty adjusts to pull the demand curve to the right. That makes the GPU market supply-constrained. Any increase in supply will be met with a lower price equilibrium which will result in more GPUs bought and used for mining. Which results in a higher THR which will be met with additional increases in network difficulty which will pull the demand curve to the right ad infinitum. I'm not sure how much more economics 101 I can make this. As long as GPUs are part of the system, the GPU market will be supply-constrained. The supply and demand curves will continue to drift to the right. How does that make miners not buy GPUs? > you can't get around that there is just a lot of extra money in the economy right now and no amount of finger pointing is going to stop prices from rising. I tend to agree on two points, there is more money, and there are higher prices. However, there is a blind spot hiding in here which is easy to pass over and that's the assumption on the distribution of that extra money. The reason that this is important is that food scarcity for whatever reason, demand or supply constrained, is often the tipping point in an abrupt political developments, and we would like to avoid those if possible. It doesn't matter how. It matters when. Save yourself a few minutes and skip to the end where the author makes the argument: If I vaccinate now, then I will be encouraging vaccine mandates in the future. It really comes across as "if anyone tells me what to do, I'm going to do the opposite because if I comply they can tell me what to do again in the future." I get that this mindset is prevalent, but I have no idea where it comes from. Anyone with a similar outlook on life have a chance to shed some light on it? Was there a pivotal event or a series of situations that accumulate? Having not gone through that, it's hard to relate. This is much more laid out than the article. Thank you. The author would do well to be more clear on their real point - so much of it is buried in the epilogue. For reference, they seem to be: - Medical procedures [should not] be forced onto people without an impenetrable foundation of evidence to support them - Vaccination status should not limit people's ability to dine in restaurants and board planes with impunity[1] - No one should be shamed for not being vaccinated Part of me wonders what they author thinks would be an "impenetrable foundation of evidence", but if it's written similarly, we may never know. 1. This was difficult to tie back to vaccines directly. It seemed to be based on an idea that rational actors should be able to make individual choices. > It allows for minimal disruption to thinking process Willing to dive into this a bit more? My personal experience is different so I figure this is a chance to learn something new. The subjective character of typing experience for me is like riding a bike, driving a car, walking, or speaking. That is to say that unless I'm mountain biking, off-roading, on a balance beam, or trying to say a tongue twister, for the most part I'm unaware of the intention-execution-results loop, and the intention-results loop is all that consciously exists. My paltry 50-60wpm doesn't feel like an impediment to putting thoughts into text, but maybe others feel differently. Maybe they enjoy non-monetary rewards? One of the joys of the internet for me is experiencing peoples' self-less creations. More of that please! The answers are also in the code which opens the door to speedruns. Not sure if you lurked much before creating an account. This is not my first account - I've been here since 2014. HN took a strong left turn a couple years ago. Before that it leaned more tech, and before that more founder/entrepreneurial. If I had to guess, it comes from this change in user distribution as HN is a decent way to keep a pulse on tech and IC's simply have more labor concerns. (this is a weakly held take. just spitballing) I asked for "An apartment with only bathrooms". I got 2 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms, a kitchen and a living area. Not good. Rights are a social construct. Why couldn't we simply construct those examples as new rights? This is like posting your SSN to make yourself immune to identity theft. Corporations are a pattern of relations (social and economic) that are socially reproduced and codified by the legal system. The current body of law is a strange attractor for among other things, the reproduction of corporations as they exist today[1]. The way capitalism is coded is at the expense of experimenting with other systems[2]. Instead of experimenting with alternative systems of economic organization, we see an ongoing attempt to level all forms of alternative economic organization. In effect, the notion of "capitalism is the only known way" becomes a prescriptive rather than descriptive - a normative statement rather than a observational one. If we were truly looking for more advanced forms of organization beyond the status quo, I would expect that economic imperialism would not exist. Instead, even more aspects of basic society are capitalized and in recent decades also codified using the inflexible mechanisms of computer code. The last remaining hold outs do so at their own expense[3]. So no, I don't think we're exploring the possibility space of superior economic technology, we're stagnating. 1. As a self-preservation principle 2. See M. Fisher, Capital Realism - https://libcom.org/files/Capitalist%20Realism_%20Is%20There%... 3. Market, political, cultural, economic forces all contribute to the complete and total capture of universal capitalism. Those who wish not to comply face political, social, and economic sanctions from the individual to national levels. When EDA involves rendering tables or graphics, notebooks provide a faster default feedback loop. Part of this comes from the assumption that the kernel holds state and data loading, transformations, and viz can be ran incrementally and without switching context. That's not to say that it's not possible to do with a python repl and terminal with image support, but that's essentially the value prop of notebooks. Terrible for other things like shipping code, but very good for interactive sessions like EDA work. Personally, I find myself prototyping in notebooks and then refactoring into scripts very often and productively. I've found myself in a data science group by merger and this(what type of artifact to ship) is a current team discussion point. Would you be willing to let me pick your brain on this topic in depth? This is an excellent argument that nothing should get better for anyone. An NFT can be performance art if created intentionally as a dramaturgical action in the crypto theater. Why would the majority of people want that? There are more than just those two interpretations. Super determinism, for example https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superdeterminism I can think of many simple yet incorrect definitions. They have as much utility as this one. It's easier than that: an engineer is someone who does engineering. I'm not convinced there is much utility in conferring the attribute of engineer to someone who is not practicing engineering when it's just as possible to say "She studied engineering" or "She majored in engineering" to denote the status of having an engineering degree but not engaging in the doing of engineering. Distasteful sure, but why would a company let distaste stand in the way of profit? This is corporate realpolitik. The only bad move is to leave opportunity on the table. A society seeped in commodified self-critique renders impotent any critique of real substance. That's what's so intriguing about the current political economy. It has effectively packaged up critiques of itself and folded them into the spectacle. Through this lens Severance may be a harbinger of future work critique films. Given the state of labor relations it's easy to imagine an appetite for films that give viewers the cathartic release of work tension they hunger for. In the context of the first statement, it's also easy to see the dangers in this pattern of behavior. I have the same shared trauma response. Really does have me thinking back to my school years and trying to grapple with the two opposing feelings of "that was a lot of fun" and "gosh, why is it still giving me nightmares?" Git+DVC is an option. I haven't personally used it, but I'm prepared to explore it when my team stumbles onto the problem of "code and data need to be in sync or things will break in very terrible ways." I like the hate example. In the same way that another poster mentioned local minima and metastable solutions, I see that unfolding in the current socio-political landscape. There is a metastable solution we're currently refining. That memeplex becomes an increasingly difficult well from which to escape. In a sense there may even be an ideological escape velocity to some of these memetics attractors. On broader scales, the dominant mode of production is a metastable state. In the same way we might experience false vaccum decay, the current mode of production may undergo the same kind of spontaneous transformation. What's even more interesting is that it has done this at least three times already. The gist of the argument is that utilitarianism provides unintuitive responses in certain cases therefore, we should default to deontology. The utilitarian edge-cases are not unfamiliar to me, however deontological systems suffer from failures too. Perhaps the author is not familiar with the nuts and bolts of deontology? Deonological failures present themselves as conflicts of duty or moral dilemmas. It's not difficult to contrive these ourselves or easily find a ready-made list. To that end, the author's conclusion of defaulting to deontology is logically inconsistent - it merely avoids them by not bringing them up at at all. Why default to deontology then? If this framing doesn't escape moral conflicts then it's no better than utilitarianism! Surely he should be familiar with logical reasoning then as well. Yet the argument present here is 'A bad, therefore B' without any evidence that B doesn't also have its own problems. If he is an authority on deontology, he would do well to provide evidence by way of his writing. Try to steelman this: the reification of the construct of time makes it appear as an independent objective object. That need exists, but clocks aren't the only way to solve the problem. This is HN after all. Disrupt time. Sell store availability as a service. APIify that shit! Tinezones are a great example. Why should zones be moulded to fit any geographic or political boundaries? Surely time is above petty human inventions like national borders. If time was a permanent unyielding fact this shouldn't be possible. Yet we bend time when it's convenient by reshaping the zones by which time operates. I love this argument. It's the same with science. We shouldn't collect evidence that overturns the current theories because in the future we might collect even more evidence that and overturn future theories. We must remain intellectually stunted lest we make any progress at all. There is no time outside of our ability to measure it. Every such measuring device is a clock. Separating the two is a pointless reification of time. Our awareness of such events is itself a quantification. Just as we can estimate distance we can measure with more refined instruments. The same applies to all physical quantities. I'm making the radical constructionist point based on Berger and Luckmann's The Social Construction of Reality. Nearly all knowledge is socially constructed and appears as though it isn't through the process of reification. This is different from the realism-idealism divide. That is about as simple as I can make it. It is probably just as useful as saying a spinor is a square root of a vector. While simple, it doesn't do much to illustrate the point. A background in constructionism can however be had at the expense of reading 189 pages. If there is money to be made in black boxes, black boxes will prevail. This sentiment is summed up perfectly in a Mitchell & Webb Sound titled Identity Theft[1]. 1 - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CS9ptA3Ya9E Are there any downsides of being connected you can think of? To be free of the spectacle of the modern world, what a delicious treat! How rich. We will of course never read the emails of any manhunts botched by the LAPD. It is interesting that it is obvious to you. Did you grow up in an unconnected region and then become connected later in life? How would your perspective change if that was true. Is this speculation or have you spoken to someone who had that story? I find it fascinating what facts are assumed by societies. That the current way of life is the best is a reoccurring theme amongst societies with very different conditions. To me it is more of a defense mechanism that rationalizes it more than anything else, but that's just my opinion. I would very much like to be free of spectacle without having to live in the woods. What is it that makes society and spectacle inseparable in your mind? I like these questions because they directly address social assumptions. I read part of SotS with my partner outloud. It became obvious, while apprehending the text's ideas, that internet denizens are already intimately familiar with them even to the point of DeBord's perspective as being a bit dated. Social media, and TikTok in particular, push the limits of SotS which is mainly mass media focused. The opportunity for a critical theory of social media is ripe. In this thread, I will 1/13738 Adjacent to this there is now MLOps too. We all know it's just going to be used by men who ate a whole burrito. At least when it goes down it won't take out the Eastern or Western Interconnections. For historical reasons my team uses Makefiles for executing data science workflows[1]. They are auto-documenting which makes it not just helpful on me when I forget an underused target, but it's perhaps even more useful when onboarding new team members. Rather than directing them to some out of band docs, it's convenient to simply direct them to use make to get the help they need[2]. 1. There are reasons, like consistency of interface which I value even more than autodocumentation, but that is outside the scope of this discussion. 2. For small orders of help. The (US)left is an internally fractured group. There are many highly politically engaged US Leftists who would like nothing better than to see the left less represented by institutionalists. This internal division would never make its way to mass media because it isn't in corporate interests to display it. Corporations love strong institutions because businesses are built on the legislative and judicial institutions which create constructs that benefit those same corporations. The end result is that most people see a very watered down version of political views centered on corporate interests regardless of political leanings. There's probably a Chomsky book on this or something. This is a good opportunity to employ steelmanning. > Interestingly, Sprocket has shown zero interest in probing this new feeder for weaknesses. It’s almost as though there’s a psychological effect of the imposing structure that is keeping her from even trying. Imagine this effect worked on people. Could architecture or user interfaces be designed to dissuade people from probing their weaknesses. Where would it be used? To what effect? Just a silly thought. The Ethereum team must be well aware they are late by about 240 years. This reads like how government power is derived from the consent of the governed, but with some of the words switched out. I hope we are saved by the crypto folks aversion to existing institutions such that they never mingle their ideas with the our present legal system to mechanically enforce their social constructs. A base under the control of a crypto superstructure is a form of hell I wish to avoid. If you supply a higher hash rate it means you consensus more. The feeling that it is being dishonest comes from believing the world is just. It isn't. Meritocracy is a myth made to extract value from labor in a way that makes workers feel good about it. When I read this, I think, "Good for them. They found an edge by reexamining the rules and disrupted the model." Blaming individuals is foolish when a system incentivizes actors to play optimization games. Unfortunately social differences cannot be controled for differences in socialization. People instead reach for essentialism as an explanatory model. Essentialism is a rationalization not an explanation that better falls under the umbrella of reifications than as real and true knowledge. Agreed, and parent would do well to avoid framing these differences as innate since it is not relevant. Morals don't make money. Spotify has one responsibility and that's to it's shareholders. Companies that put morals over profits lose to those that don't. Making a public show to exert pressure is an act of free speech. Just because someone doesn't agree with the intent or consequences doesn't make it not a speech act. As a free speech absolutist, I will never stop someone from saying that free speech should be curtailed. To do so would be antithetical the the principle of free speech. It's almost as if free speech absolutism alone isn't a complete and consistent framework. Deciding that speech acts which call for the curtailment free speech are permissible makes the system inconsistent. And deciding that those speech acts lies outside of the system in which they are constructed makes the system incomplete. How is it an airline maintaining their own no-fly list different from causing a ruckus in a store and being told by the owner that you weren't allowed back? That's the beauty of private enterprise. They can do the same things as an authoritarian government without any of the anti-authoritarians being able to make their claims. The end result is the same and it's even harder to stop. Any claims that airlines will compete on not having a private no-fly list are baseless. It simply won't be a point of product differentiation. Thanks for clarifying! What an interesting perspective. I've never heard about people who determine the validity of laws based on their ability to remember them. How did you arrive at this way of thinking? And if people wanted to, they could simply charter their own planes if they are put on a national no-fly list. As long as the incentives to push racially(generally identity) framed politics remain the same, I don't expect the results to change. A media system financialized by ads will remain aligned to drive impressions. Proposals which rely on asking businesses and people to change behaviors without changing incentives are destined to fail. Until then, asking media to stop driving outrage is tantamount to asking them to stop making money. Representation is really at the heart of it. What the article left out was that Doreen was asked by mods and by the community(by poll) not to participate in the interview. She did it anyway. The broader social epistemic question of "what makes someone a representative?" or "How do people gain the social status: representative?" is the most interesting part of this. Reddit itself plays a role in the construction of representative status by visually framing mods in the sidebar under the subreddit rules section leading people to mentally label both as the rules and rule-makers of the space. There are examples of mods in other subreddits also being representatives, making it natural to apply that syllogistically and generally to all Reddit communities. If a mod created the sub, and actively participates, but is disavowed as a representative, are they still a representative? Would this have changed if the interview had gone well? How does representation work when communities disagree? Antiwork members don't see Doreen as a representative, but individuals outside of antiwork do. Does that make her a representative or not? It's fascinating that what is obvious to one person is a tremendous number of questions to another. Likewise parents should only parent. That is why I call the cops on my kids when they fight. They need to learn that assault and battery are serious crimes that I'm not equip to handle as an untrained person. It's best left up to people who are trained and specialized to deal in the matter. The article gives a false impression that those being tracked have the tools to discover that they are being tracked. It lists two ways. One is that "the AirTag itself begins sounding an alarm after it has been separated from its owner for a time." Which is how they are designed, but not necessarily how they used in practice[1]. AirTag speakers can be disabled, and are resold this way for this use. The second way is more insidious. It shifts the responsibility to the people being tracked by making the claim "After a period of time, the victim's iPhone would show a notification that an AirTag had been tracking them. If the victim has an Android instead, then there wouldn't be the same on-screen notification." That's not exactly terrible for iPhone users, but offers nothing for the 66% of people[2] who are not iPhone users. It assumes that Apple's manufacture of such devices is inevitable - that nothing can be done to stop it, so everyone else must live with the consequences. Especially people who have already opted out by not purchasing an iPhone. The suggested behavior for these folks? Buy an iPhone to ensure you're not tracked, or what? 1. Silenced AirTags with disabled speakers are popping up for sale online (gizmodo.com) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30196371 2. In the US. Yes, even though such measures exist, I personally feel that strongly puts the social imperative on the person being tracked and that is wrong. If I hear the phrase, "but she could have scanned for AirTags", I fear my blood will boil at the implication that someone thought the person being tracked was in anyway culpable of the consequences. > that's about as meaningful as tarot cards As a non-supernatural tarot practitioner, binary political labels are objectively worse than tarot. Maybe I'm in the minority here, but I came to tarot by way of procedural narrative generation. In that vein, tarot is a fantastic way of providing a space to temporarily reframe psycho-social conflict and construct compelling narratives within a consistent framework of narrative-semiotic objects. I'm more than willing to admit this is likely a minority opinion, but it has helped me in re-examining things like perceived intentions, what is the true conflict, how would I feel about particular outcomes in a way that checks my gut instinct to reactively reach for the most convenient answer or one that makes me feel the best. No, not at all. It's a small group itself within a niche community, so I don't expect anyone outside of maybe 50 people to have ran across that particular framing. :) As a crypto unbeliever I hate this too. Legal enforcement legitimizes crypto as property. It expands the definition of property by institutionally conferring the status of "owned" to a functional configuration of bits distributed over thousands of computers. Do we have this concept for other things? yes. But I'd rather like to contract the space of property rather than expand it. In the context of crypto-as-property constructivism, I'm neither an absolute institutional nor a communal conferralist. Presently, it appears like there is much more communal conferralism constructing crypto as property, I'd like to avoid institutionalization. In practice, this would not look like prohibition, rather the avoidance of extending existing property laws to encompass crypto assets. ie: courts and lawmakers saying, "No we're not going to get involved." Unfortunately, any future crisis where crypto can be blamed is a convenient way to extend to crypto the legal construction of it's status as property. Since you brought up prohibition, I'll take the bait. We already have prohibitive socio-legal constructions which few people use to form the basis of "prohibition has never worked, so we should not prohibit it." Some examples that are socially and legally prohibited are: murder, rape, incest, slavery, torture, buying and selling of children. I'm unsure if you believe that the prohibition of these acts has also never worked as intended and should be left unprohibited. Likewise it's fascinating to me to see today an assumed, "expansion of property and its financialization are natural progressions of human societies." This factoid is itself baked into the fabric of our current society and presents itself as assumed knowledge. In reality no such natural progression exists any more than people believe that the universe is just, or that nature is cruel. Thank you. My yes (which was left off of the quote for some reason) includes intellectual property. I, like many people, are aware of the concept of intangible property. Dollars in my bank account are another example of intangible property. I'm curious why you included a statement about IP existing for a long time. Is there something about the duration of existence that makes something important? Descriptive statements are notoriously difficult to transform into normative statements. It's simply that people who begin thought experiments with one island, two people, and three cows tend to reach absolutely unhinged conclusions about how the society should work. Not wanting to live in a world governed by those systems is why I intent to frame them as such. Before we get to the part where some responder concludes, "you should go live in the woods then", I'd rather they did. Another way of putting it is this. Expansions in the legal concept of property are consequently expansions in the dominion of the state. I might be missing something with this analogy. Is there a legal component to accessing digital content that re-enforces its concept of being property? /gen There are general similarities in computers mechanically enforcing access that applies to crypto-assets and digital content. I'm specifically interested in how the legal system confers additional properties or re-enforces these properties in digital assets that legitimize the properties institutionally. Would evidence of a prohibition against an inanimate object change your mind? And what would this evidence convince you of? What is your current belief and what new belief would you have if supplied with that evidence. We never really spelled out exactly what the claim was. My understanding so far is that "I currently believe prohibition of inanimate objects has no effect. If supplied with this evidence, then I would believe prohibition of inanimate objects would have an effect." edit: also under what criteria would be used to judge whether a prohibition "maintains the 4th amendment protections in US"? Any specific relevant cases? If I go hunting for evidence, I want to make sure the goalposts are not moved. What is a necessity of technology? I'm saying that state legitimation of crypto conferring ownership status is an expansion of state power. State power should not be expanded. Help me understand. Are you saying we would be better off if there were fewer trans people? What would happen to you had positive views about trans people? Would your life be any better or worse? > The fact that many people bring their best selves to this social network —make LinkedIn worthy of more of your time. Maybe I'm in the minority, but I always saw LinkedIn as a digital stage where half of the participants knew it was about putting on a performance and the other half had no idea this was going on. The author seems to be in the latter half. I'm on the fence on whether luring people like this out with "tell me more(about your incredibly naive and bigoted takes)" is worth it. On one hand they are clearly bursting at the seams with garbage and cannot hold back at the opportunity to implicate themselves. Never stop an opponent from making an error. On the other hand, it has the potential for readers to mistake their drivel for substantive discourse. I don't owe you (nor anyone) genuine Socratic methodology. This is the internet after all. :) I will happily guide people into earnestly saying terrible things and then point it out. No one is being forced to say anything they don't believe. This is a spitball take, but I'm trying it out because I'm more interested in learning how it plays out than actually making a point. Socialization is moving at a slower pace than the shift in economics. The trade deficit starting in the 1970s has overwhelmingly affected goods [1], resulting in the exporting of goods production overseas and leaving the US with a service-based economy[2]. The US at the time had a greater proportion of gender-dependent occupations[3]. The export of goods-producing jobs tended to disproportionately affect men as a result of this gender-occupation dissymmetry[4]. At the same time, people have been socialized with system of gender values. In the past these gender values were congruent with both gendered occupations[5] and gendered occupational values[5]. However, as the proportional of service occupations grew, a portion of men found themselves socialized with values[4] incongruent with the values associated with occupations now available to them. The lag between value socialization and economic realities represent a point of friction and frustration that is expressed as a feeling of being undervalued economically[7]. 1. https://www.stlouisfed.org/-/media/project/frbstl/stlouisfed... 2. https://ustr.gov/issue-areas/services-investment/services 3. https://flowingdata.com/2017/09/11/most-female-and-male-occu... 4. https://statusofwomendata.org/gender-differences-in-sectors-... 5. ANN C. MCGINLEY Masculinities at Work (2004) 6. https://www.annelitwin.com/masculine-and-feminine-workplace-... (this isn't the best source, but it is hard to find an example of how gender values connect to goods-service work and how that has changed over time) 7. Gould, R. 1974. Measuring masculinity by the size of a paycheck. In: J. Pleck & J. Sawyer (Eds.) Men and masculinity (pp. 96 – 100). Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall. Just wanted this to die down because this is like meta-meta discourse at this point. I love this tactic because it gets people to earnestly say what they believe. More people in debates should say what they believe. The problem is when people don't want to reveal what they believe. These people know their assumptions and conclusions are socially unacceptable. Socially unacceptable beliefs make people feel socially isolated. This isolation creates a pressure in them so great that when someone asks them to continue speaking, they cannot stop. They are so used to being told to stop that they don't know how to handle someone asking them to speak. By now it's clear that the trap has been set. When they reveal their true beliefs, they temporarily forget that they are in front of an audience. They have unwittingly been made part of a performance they didn't want to be in, but at this point it is too late. The audience here is the true judge, and the audience is a harsh critic. The audience enjoys the theatrics of the villain performing their grand reveal and they enjoy the justice in seeing them make this critical error. So many subversives couch their true beliefs in meta-irony. finger on nose "Am I joking about these reprehensible beliefs or do I really believe them? We'll never know but we're making it ok to say them. uwu." The end results are the same. Either they will learn not to say them - eventually eradicating the belief, or they will say them and the audience will learn from them not to believe them. As you are well aware, I'm ok with both. Web1 was coincidentally distributed[1]. There weren't very many structural impediments in web1 to stop to the centralization that brought about web2. Much of what I see in web3 is a reaction to web2's centralization. Web3 is an attempt to build systems which are inherently distributed rather than coincidentally distributed in order to re-appropriate power and decision-making. I'm not entirely sold that web3 actually solves the problem or does so in a strictly better way[2]. The value proposition for web1 was, "invest your time and money for access". The value proposition of web2 was a response to the time and money investment in the form of "we'll make the web easy to use if you give us ownership."[3] The value proposition of web3 is what exactly? Is seems so far like it's "You'll regain ownership, but you have to accept these negative externalities." It's still early days. We may yet find a better lens of critique. 1. It was physically distributed intentionally of course, but the digital objects and relations were merely coincidentally structured as product of this physical form. 2. Even ignoring the decentralization of wealth extraction that is grifting and rugpulling. 2. Or more generally giving up power for access. It's amazing how normalized tv watching is for some people. It's as expected as the sun rising or setting. My kid broke the family tv out of anger 4-5 years ago. We simply never replaced it as a natural consequence. We also stopped watching broadcast television sometime shortly after Lost's imfamously poor ending. There are some situations where I come in contact with televisions today. They make me feel frustrated because they sap away my attention. I read more, I do hobbies, and I spend more time with people and have better relationships. It feels like an easy trade-off. The end of overtime exemption status. No one should be allowed to work off the clock. It is legalized wage theft. Not to work with this guy. Is the argument "Because time-theft exists and operates in the opposite direction to wage theft they cancels each other out"? If I'm misinterpreting it, then please correct me. How do we do it outside the workplace? Assume it is. Workers: We don't want to do labor unless it is tied to more pay. Employer: No, we want you to do more work with the same pay. Workers: Ok, we will do less work then. Employer: Ok, work longer hours then. It sounds a lot like what we already have right now. There are better questions than "what about time-theft?" Sure, but before punishment, how is it decided what causes harm and what doesn't? My point is that this is a group activity. Ascribing the status of harm causing behaviors happens in aggregate. This is in contrast to workplace decision making which happens hierarchically. Democracy is a superior version of decision making right? Why should that idea cease to exist the moment someone steps into the workplace? Who has an interest in perpetuating the myth that workplace democracy is untenable? We run whole countries with the input of citizens, surely that could scale down to a workplace, right? Even in the emergency room there is always at least two people giving input. The patient can always not consent. In an employee-employer environment, shouldn't employees have at least some option to not consent as well? We already have voting with one's feet and yet here we are. Workers should be able to collectively bargain on whatever they want including input on the ethics of what they are asked to produce. On the contrary. I did gain an understanding. Correct me if I'm wrong, but your position is to maintain the status quo w.r.t workplace decision making, correct? This conversation ultimately leads to "We cannot ban anything because someone people might eventually ban the wrong thing", so it's not terribly interesting. It is a garden path argument toward a discussion destination about negative liberties that ultimately rests on framing negative outcomes as, "Look at all this terrible outcomes, but at least we were free to do it." I'm not sure what's appealing about that. It's ok to say, "This is currently a bad thing, let's address it now." Anyone can come up with what-if scenarios that ultimately paralyze any action from being taking. This whether deliberate, or unintentional is a strategy for maintaining the status quo. Here is a poor construction from right to property to right to privacy. 1. Assume the right to private property. 2. Acknowledge that some property is not just a tangible object, but can include a configuration of objects. An existing example of configuration of objects as property is crypto currency as private property or database records reflecting you bank account as private property. 3. Acknowledge that property ownership represents the exclusivity of possession. 4. By 2 and 3 the ownership of intangible property is the exclusive possession of a configuration of objects. 5. Acknowledge that the configuration of objects is isomorphic to information 6. Acknowledge that communication is the transmission of information 7. By 4, 5, and 6, Private communications is the exclusive ownership of the transmission of information. It's just that a slippery slope can be constructed for any problem. The ability to universally construct a slippery slope results in absurd conclusions. Either no changes can be effected(a universal maintenance of the status quo), or slippery slopes are an invalid method at making conclusions. That's why they are categorically uninteresting. I'll use this conversation as an example to demonstrate the absurdity. If you accept someone's argument on one topic then you may find yourself agreeing with other things they say including some terrible conclusions. Therefore, it's better to never accept anyone's argument. There are much better ways to discern whether to accept or reject an argument. It would take a lot for me to agree that market solutions optimize for just outcomes. Effecient outcomes, sure, but not just outcomes. And before Winston Churchill quotes get involved, no, absence of alternatives are not a valid justification for existence. US laborers suffer from the Triffin dilemma[1] by way of the US dollar acting as both a global reserve currency and a national currency. Should US workers have access to an alternate currency, there is a possibility that the trade deficit wich began in the 1970s could be addressed. Though this would put the US government in the position of controlling the world's reserve currency, but not exerting control over domestic monetary policy which I really don't see happening. 1. https://www.investopedia.com/financial-edge/1011/how-the-tri... We're definitely thinking about things differently. For example, Disney owns Frozen by way of copyright. However there exists many copies of Frozen on blu-ray and those copies are held by many different people. Disney's ownership of the content places limits on what people can do with those copies: not show it to large groups, not make additional copies, etc. That's why people get worked up about the Eiffel Tower at night. Wow. Imagine if this happened with the Bible instead. The implications would be enormous. If the universe was infinite I would also expect to see the age of stars and by extension galaxies uncorrelated with space and time. Instead we see younger and younger stars and galaxies as we peer farther and father away. It's as if we are standing in the savanna and as we look through our binoculars we see younger and younger giraffes as we look into the distance. At some point there will not be any more giraffes to view as their age intercepts zero as a function of distance(and time). I'm guilty of this. There is a certain way to write HN comments that won't get you banned and have the appearance of being a well-reasoned discussion but which at the core are no more substantial than 2000-era flame wars. HN taught me how to write discourse in a particular style and voice, but it's the same process that's behind other stories like "Google Search Is Dying"[1]. Incentives for well-reasoned discussions tend to result in the appearance of being well-reasoned[2], rather than actually being so in the same way that SEO results in the appearance of good search results more than actual good search results and in both cases they modify authorial behavior to superficially produce content aligned with these incentives. It's still fun though if you put on the airs of intellectualism knowingly so, then every post becomes a bit of performance art. You can subvert the expectations of the medium in subtle ways that say things without necessarily spelling them out. Treating it as a role-playing exercise detaches things just enough for me that I don't really take things to heart anymore. 1 - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30347719 2 - Such as sprinkling in footnotes like this one. And that's just one that they caught. How many invalid bibles are lurking on peoples' nightstands unknowingly rendering their readers' faith invalid? Thanks for digging this up. What a fantastic distillation of the texture of discussion here. I've been sealioned here, I've read the transphobic, genocide-supporting, and misogynistic takes, but those are not the worst encounters. There have been some utterly spooky encounters here. One in particular stands out as being like a conversation with an otherworldly being. This individual clearly had some amount of speech&debate practice and was equipped to take whatever was said in the worst possible interpretation, but framed in the most detached unaggressive manner. It was the conversational equivalent of quicksand. It keeps me up at night that some people out there roam among us. The mod team is incredibly good at removing them, but next time I see one I can clip it and send you a link. They typically last 30mins to an hour before getting flagged. I would rather not get into that discussion here because it could quickly turn into a "that's not really trans-erasure" argument. However, if you are interested in a link to a flagged&dead comment, I can work with you to send you one that I saw just six days ago. I'm not disagreeing, but this is a very good jumping off point for what is an enormous discussion in the philosophy of programming right now. You've identified the correspondence between the programming language support and relevant monadic constructions. There's also the principle that programming is about applying relevant abstractions. The point of contention revolves around the question of "Should monads be available to programmers in the abstract where programmers are supported enough to write their own monads? Or should monads be reified into language constructs, thus making it a up to the language designer to choose the finite set of available monads and syntactify them into language constructs? A vocal camp wants monads in the abstract and feels like reified monads as language constructs completely misses the point. The other camp is happy to accept new syntax and keywords to get their work done and see monads as ivory tower language enthusiasm. The choices that language designers make increasingly put their languages on one side or another of this dividing line. > Thankfully, many of those policies were short-lived. How exactly do you figure? I'm looking at women's suffrage in 1920, Reconstruction era and the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and North Carolina's property requirement removal in 1856 and I'm not sure if our ideas of short-lived are similar. What a great example of pulling back the curtain just a little to reveal how much of our lives are manufactured and what they could be like if we didn't bend to these pressures. Many untrained people have pitch/resonance confusion. Understanding the difference and disentangling them in order to deliberately modulate them forms the basis of transgender vocal training. > This would not hurt the poor. Not sure I follow. I get the first order effects, but I'm hesitant to agree without an explanation of the second-order and systemic-level effects of such a policy. Every action that I'm denied due to the inability to pay represents a curtailment of my freedom to take that action. I mean this in the most radical and all-encompassing way as possible. A system is a function of its output. If the the enforcement of law represent the denial of physical access under threat of violence, markets represent the denial of economic access under threat of labor. In some ways this is more insidious, but less overtly violent and many parallel constructions hold. The simultaneous creation of race, and the theological justification for chattel slavery mirrors the creation of capital and the economic justification for wage slavery. The supporters of each alienate their involvement and perpetuation as "the natural order" when in fact it is a social system constantly recreated and socially reproduced. You can start to see the same patterns play out in the digital space. Human agency is exported to computers in a way that builds systems that re-enforce this dynamic. "Computer says, 'No'"[1], is a perfect summation of this disavowment of human agency and human empaty from the systems we build. 1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFl6p4D59AA I think securities-based lending should be subject to income tax too. It even manages to capture the subtle depression that was Tulare Lake.[1] Well done. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tulare_Lake > that drown out those second order effects What are those? I'm in the same ballpark: 21 2nd try, and 18 3rd try. I've sort of always known that I've had good spatial reasoning, and this is one way to confirm it. I tend to think about most problems spatially, even molding things like code and social relations into this medium, because it's my strongest skill. I also tend toward the hyperphantasia side of the spectrum. I'm curious if other highscorers also tend toward hyperphantasia. If the site is recording telemetry on scores, but it would be fantastic to have a percentile rank at the end. Everything that can be owned is currently owned. We formed the basis for society on the idea that ownership is liberation and we shouldn't be surprised that this is where we ended up. Good for the people who bought into it 100% though. It must feel amazing to them. I have, but it was years ago when just beginning to learn to code. It was like drifting over a giant scrolling text file filled with code. Kind of like a huge syntax-highlighted version of the Star Wars scroll. Not fun. Would not recommend. The individual right to not be exploited supersedes the collective right to functioning government. This is a natural right that cannot be taken away by anyone including a government. We have a right to not be exploited. We don't have a right to functioning government. It's funny because it should be within his grasp to un-become a billionaire too. I mean, why continue to do something he doesn't like? Can't you use S3 to seed a torrent? https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_GetObjec... As a fellow imposter syndrome sufferer, I feel for Justin. There is a real sense of struggle underlying his writing. The part on rationality struck me in a certain way though. It is his sense of rationality as identity. I've felt this myself as I'm sure many others here have too. It's not exactly a healthy perspective. Rational identity is a product of the enlightenment's masculinization of rationality[1]. With the genderization of modes of thought comes the social ideals and expectations that serve to mold people into themselves. Let's face it, ideal rationality is a human-denying mode of thinking rather than a human-affirming mode of thinking. It strips away our rich emotional capacity in a way that alienates us from ourselves. That's why I feel for this guy, I really do. 1. Bordo 1986 https://psycnet.apa.org/record/1987-21388-001 I love this. It's the reification of the Dead-Internet Theory - a tangible artifact embodying the feeling that the internet was replaced by its own simulacrum powered by AI.[1] The existence of Goopt is the culmination of DIT as self-fulfilling prophecy. We can almost see the beginnings of an outline begin to form around an Internet Turing test. How well can we discern the real internet from the fake one. Consequently, what happens when the line becomes so blurred that we lose the ability to perceive the difference? 1. https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2021/08/dead-... It should be possible to train an upvote prediction model conditioned on submission title. This could then be used to optimize GPT-3-family models to produce text which had the highest predicted upvote response. It's a couple-weekend project and I'd be surprised if an AI-hobbiest hadn't done it already. > I think there will come a point when the traditional internet will also become diluted in artificiality There is already a concern in corpora creation in ML/AI projects. Researchers would like very much to have human-only generated content when training models on internet-sourced text. People posting GPT-created output has the potential to taint these corpora and create all sorts of strange loopy feedback. I would simply ask GPT-n what to write next, copy-paste it into the text box, sign it with my key, and hit reply. Its ability to write better comments than me would serve to gain me reputation rather than reduce it as so often is the present case. How will this change how we evaluate content? Will digital media be socially and culturally devalued? Will print media gain greater status? Live spoken word? Curated content with a reputation layer? Obviously it's pure speculation, but let's indulge for a moment. This echos "Desperate Ground"[1] or "Death Ground" in Sun Tzu's Art of War. I've put myself deliberately in this position many times in order to succeed. The day-to-day uses of this idea tend to be far less dramatic than the name implies. I've even applied it to process where I would phrase it as, "Create processes when you must, not when you can." 1. https://suntzusaid.com/book/11 Somewhere before primates. He's actually a genius. Why? Because it's all couched in another layer that the audience doesn't have access to. He describes the approach being like judo. Rather than meet your opponent head on, use their momentum against them. That is a tacit admission that the US has momentum in its real weaknesses. This is clear to anyone who has dabbled in US history. There are consistent historical divisions based on class, geography, race, religion, federalism, &c. that defy attempts to be mended. A subverter need not create new divisions, but rather amplify already existing divisions. That's why so many of his examples are relatable today - we haven't actually fixed anything. And that's why it's unclear if the subversion was successful or not, these divisions already had momentum. They were already going to happen, the subversion, if present, only served to accelerate their unwinding. This part is the most fun. Peeling back the curtain on these subversions doesn't do anything to make the subversion less effective! He has a reactionary perspective, certainly, but it could just as well be framed through the lens of leftism. It just happens that this particular framing leverages the fears of his audience to a decay of a glorious past whereas the leftist version would be the denial of a glorious future. That's why I like him so much. He's cementing his audience's stance in a way that makes them feel more resolute in their defiance to subversion which amplifies the division. It's like finding a perfectly crafted puzzle. Pure genius. Sure, give Putin his own 2 March (O.S.) / 15 March (N.S.) 1917. Honestly same for capitalism too. It is only possible to succeed at a small scale. When it is forced on people who don't have a choice it tends to fail. I love this comment, but maybe not for the intended reason. Why? Because I immediately wanted to add my two cents - another analogy by way of deep learning - that intelligence is like adding model capacity, like additional conv depth or or additional attention heads. That's fine and all, but then it struck me. We're one level from popping the top off it all and coming to terms that we've fallen into a trap described by Ludwig Feuerbach.[1] The choice of analogies says just as much about us as they do about the subject. 1. Feuerbach(1881) The Essence of Christianity https://libcom.org/files/The%20Essence%20of%20Christianity.p... (p. 17) If you think about it, it's kind of weird for a product to have a single price. Everyone who would pay more is paying less.[1] It's much more profitable to just barely meet demand for every one while keeping the lower bound at the cost of production. You're right to point out that insurance operates with price discrimination. Student discounts and senior discounts are another common example. There are many others.[2] Tinder has market power in the sense that they sell access to a unique user base. Sure, their competitors offer access too, but none are identical, and that difference implies an amount of exclusivity. 1. Consumer surplus 2. https://www.economicshelp.org/blog/7042/economics/examples-o... Enterprise B2B sales where contracted prices are never disclosed immediately springs to mind. It's the pinnacle of price discrimination. > There might be a reasonable case to be made that products that don't have comparable competition can't be priced in a way that exploits different customers by charging more for receiving the same service or good? Price discrimination[1] relies on market power. This is a completely uncontroversial thing. Any discussion on price discrimination will tie back to market power. 1. Not a judgement here. This is a technical term from microeconomics. Yes. The ML deployment space is one of the fastest developing frontiers I've seen in my 15 years of professional development, giving even the React&friends solid competition. My intuition says either a major ML/AI enterprise player will either develop or acquire what will become the dominant deployment framework. Business will re-orient around it and copycats will pick up the crumbs. Not exactly following. Couldn't DMs simply not be E2E encrypted while maintaining encryption for personal info? I can see why people would demand this, but this is a case where taking your users demands literally will have negative second-order consequences. Namely, an unwanted interaction with the creativity of constraints.[1] Size/space constrains on medium typically imply higher signal to noise because editing to meet those constrains cuts out noise. 1. https://www.fastcompany.com/3027379/the-psychology-of-limita... Sorry, still not following. I wrote not E2E encrypted. I'm struggling to understand why messages that are not E2E encrypted would require key management. No one will take them seriously. They are unwittingly now participating in a reputation market. Granted, status and prestige are intangible assets. The hiring manager will find themselves in the position of spending brand status for financial flexibility. I can see a handful of companies getting rolled on social media for this as the game gets started and then less of it as things settle down. Long term, I'm more interested in seeing how companies optimally size spreads in order to signal to the labor market "you should" or "you shouldn't" work for us. Job search toolmakers are in a fun position bc they can set the stakes on metrics like 10% spread and influence the labor markets in powerful ways. This is amazing. It reads as if the EU constructing PII as property. If so, what an interesting legal construction. Site operators would do well to avoid violating the NAP. Testing my (US-centric) understanding here. But I'll argue that the US does suffer for global dollar dominance in that there is necessarily a US trade deficit whose primary results are the exporting of US manufacturing overseas and the creation of the productivity-wage gap that started in the 1970s. Interesting! Would it be fair to say that on one hand the US is incentivized to have the US dollar maintain its role as the main reserve currency because it enables access to lower lending rates, but on the other hand too much dollar dominance exposes the US to greater risk? AFAIK Breed is the mayor of just one city. I'm not following. There are two mayor Hardings: Pierre SD, and Ipswich QLD. When you brought this up to your manager what did they say? The lack of atmospheric correction makes this hard to appreciate. End overtime exemption. If an org can push workers for more work without paying them more, why wouldn't they? Solving this problem requires systems-level thinking. Understanding the incentives that result in burnout-creating interactions is key to creating new incentives that don't induce burnout. The quickest way to not fixing burnout is assuming that it is a natural part of software development, that it's up to individuals to manage their own boundaries, or that the industry is impossible to change. None of these are entirely false nor entirely true, but they do nothing to affect change. Is the end of overtime exemption a silver bullet? No, but it is a critical step toward creating incentives that do address worker burnout. It shifts a manager's choice from "push the team harder to get out a feature and deal with the consequences later" to "push the team harder and it costs $X." There is a key piece of perspective that helps to understand this - management rarely has clarity in their business decisions. What drives management toward pushing workers to work more and ignoring burnout is that building product has a more tangible result than burnout. You may ask, "no, management weighs the costs and benefits!" Maybe yours does, but when the benefits are easier to quantify than the costs, the decision is clear. This is why putting a dollar amount on the decision is so important. It shifts the decision to "possibly build it faster for $X" where the dollar cost amount has more clarity than the benefits. It doesn't mean management chooses not to build faster every time, but the decision framing does change the response. Anyone in management knows what clarity in business decisions means and how it affects outcomes. More power to you then. :) It sounds like not being a snitch is more important than feeling like things aren't fair? I've been on the fence and I've literally had the sign up page on tab for a week. Should I join? Does it exempt software developers? There is a group of people for whom the side effects are completely fine, welcome even. It would be a reduction in ability of care if the drug became unapproved. Maybe I'm just oversimplifying, but couldn't people who are not ok with the side effects, not take the drug? I find it ok to say, here are the side effects, and here are their prevalence and leave it up to the patient to decide, but perhaps I'm misunderstanding the point. > if you go to get a prescription for finasteride and ask your doctor whether you might have side effects that last years after discontinuing the drug, they will almost certainly say, no, that's not possible. I can absolutely see that happening. I'm very interested in tracing this line of questioning back to a root cause because it likely has a systemic cause, and fixing it would have major implication in the way medicine is practiced and the treatments people receive. How much would it cost to purposefully contaminate a significant portion of Bitcoin? Just, you know, for reasons. Far too few people are aware of the Brooks Brothers riot. Does a $1M bounty[1] count? 1. https://www.businessinsider.com/russian-businessman-puts-1-m... What geographic bias do you think the HN audience has compared to the US population? Yes? What do you think the result would be? So all laws bad, or just this one? Inflation in Russia has been greater than 50% per month in the last year? I probably have something to learn here when I ask, exchange rates are being used to infer Russian inflation a la https://www.economicsdiscussion.net/exchange-rate/nominal-an... because Russian cpi/wpi numbers are not available/trustworthy on the short timescales we're dealing with here? If a creator doesn't want their creation used by people who they don't agree with, dont make or share the thing. It's really that simple. What we have instead is creators appropriating the legal system to enforce their wishes. It doesn't take a genius to see the negative ramifications of that level of overreach. I don't conflate personal property with intellectual property so this reasoning falls flat for me and doesn't appear to be contradictory. I can see how it would appear contradictory to people who do see personal and intellectual property as the same thing. I challenge these people to examine the experiences that led them to make this choice and which experiences would have led them to choosing differently. These are all excellent epistemological questions. > What causes it to not be personal property? My baseline is that things are not property, so justifying the absence of property is a foreign concept to me. I'm curious why people would tend toward assuming property and then rationalizing away property in certain contexts. The assumption of property has consequences so enormous that I cannot authentically assume it as my default. Again, really interested to hear what made people chose that as their default. Which over generalization is that? Is it an error in assumptions or an error in methodology? I'm having a hard time finding the use of correlation in the paper. The author uses differences in differences analysis which also does not use correlations. Was there a correlation analysis performed that you found? That's fair. That the treatment was the cause of the effect is an assumption made by differences in differences. Is this because you see it as a lack of evidence that Pornhub was the causative event, or was there another event that took place that you had in mind? Themselves?[1] 1. Testing Theories of American Politics: Elites, Interest Groups, and Average Citizens(2014) https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/perspectives-on-poli... That sounds like a very fun project. There is of course the technical work in identifying unused code and resources, a data science framing where statistical questions regarding bloat could be assessed, a process framing component where tooling and dev-platform interactions could be incentivized toward reducing bloat, and and economics framing where structural changes in Play store could change dev strategies toward bloat. Someone in charge of leading such a project has a lot of options available for analyzing and solving the problem, none of them mutually exclusive. The real point of it for me is the framing. It's the idea that any object, tangible or intangible, and be analyzed in this way because everything has multiple dimensions of relations linking it to every other thing eventually. It's the equivalent of being able to pick up the graph of human relations by a single point and letting all other relations branch from that point like a tree. There's obviously root nodes that are more interesting than others just as there are more spanning trees more interesting than all the others. That's where the real fun of it lies. Imagine you have at your disposal every tool to modify individual behavior, but no tools to modify social systems? What second-order effects result from solely relying on individual interventions? If there are ways that make people feel ok with the soul-crushing weight to social ills, is it right to employ them? This runs counter to the principle that more/better information makes for better markets. Parent agreed with your equivalence, but not your conclusion. Your conclusion was that they were both not employees, while the parent's conclusion was that they were both employees. None of that is false, but the higher-order effects are socially unacceptable. > I know this comment makes me sound like the stereotypical "boomer". But this malaise cannot be normal. It does, but it's incidental.[1] The sentiment is perennial. As cultural values and norms change[2], older folk tend not to adopt new values and norms. The result is a perception that their norms and values are fading away from society and a perception that there are no norms and values to replace them[3]. The idea of places as a essential part of people's lives is also fascinating. The very concept of 1st, 2nd, and 3rd places are a product of a particular time and place, namely the couple hundred years of urban[4] workforce organized by capitalism. Consider how foreign the idea of places would be to a cottage industry worker in the 1500s whose 1st and 2nd places are one and the same and whose 3rd place had an entirely different social texture to ours today. They would be entirely justified at having a sense of loss at idea of moving to the city and organizing their life around separate physical places. While I don't expect that 58 year olds[5] to adopt new ideas of place, I do expect them to act with the maturity their years have given them. We all must understand that while the conceptualizations cultivated in our lifetimes, while appearing timeless, are themselves a product of a time and place. And for those who look to others for wisdom, we must understand how their time and place shape their conceptions before adopting ourselves. Just as there existed a way of social organization prior to the 1st/2nd/3rd places inhabited by urban workforce, there now exists a multitude of digital places just as real to internet natives as the bowling alley, barbershop, cafe, pub, and beer garden. We can expect that the march of social organization will continue progress beyond into spaces that have yet to be created and the same anomie we have today will adapt. In the future, only old people will congregate on Twitch. Briefly on the concept of expectations, these have changed too. There is an ongoing massive shift in how social labels are attributed, from 3rd-party ascription to 1st-party ascription. There are inklings of change in how interpersonal conflict is handled that is starting to formulate in the minds of youth. Finally, cooperation amongst students rather competition is now a dominate paradigm[6]. All of these come with social expectations that would be foreign to a person 40 years older. 1. And fairly benign :) 2. And when don't they? 3. Why would an older person adopt a younger generation's perspective? They don't have the life experiences that shaped these values. 4. "Without such places, the urban area fails to nourish the kinds of relationships and the diversity of human contact that are the essence of the city." - The Great Good Place (1989) Oldenburg 5. The youngest "Boomers". 6. I've heard this attributed to the rise of high-stakes testing environments, but it could also be any number of other factors. > as long as we have good intentions we don't care about the outcome. Well put. This sums up my feelings on another topic just as succinctly too. > we kept eating them until we had one, we enjoyed Good luck to the author. Seed-grown avocados are notorious for tasting bad. There is a good chance years from now they will learn of the use of seed-grown root stalks and grafting known-good scions. Yep. When every person who wants kids has to make these economic decisions their aggregate choices are reflected in population dynamics. "Just choose not to have kids then" en mass results in socio-economic states present systems are not robust against. Incentive engineering is basic economics, and no amount of rhetoric around "just have more kids" is going to change the material realities would be parents face. Let's run the experiment then :) > Why not just force benefits for all employees? Public perception. Small business owners occupy a different perceptual space than large businesses. Lawmakers don't want to be perceived as hurting small businesses and craft laws to avoid it. It's more about maintaining political power as much as anything else. It works out great for everyone except the 47.5% of Americans who are employed by small businesses. > ignoring culture and genes Am I reading this wrong? Interested in hearing which cultural and genetic elements impact legal outcomes. > I gave myself permission to ... set clear boundaries. My biggest career regret is that I fell into the trap of not setting boundaries for fifteen years. What is clear to many people now was not to me then. Even now, I'm learning the basics like that there are different types of boundaries and in business which ones are most important to set and what happens if they aren't set. Time-boundaries, for example, are commonly discussed, but equally important are socio-emotional boundaries. Have you ever stopped to realize that you talk to a lot of people daily, but lack emotional support or the deeper connections that come from being emotionally vulnerable? I have. It's easy to surround oneself with work friendships that only ever touch on surface-level topics. Having a clear emotional boundary helps create space for emotionally meaningful connections outside of work. That's a lesson I wish I didn't have to learn the hard way. Let me see if I'm understanding this correctly. Giphy has the choice of one of two extremes: provide human customer support to everyone, or provide no customer support predicated on the idea that take down requests necessarily require human level support? Just provide do-notation and be done with it. Operators for specific instantiations of a much broader abstract concept always irks me. This path leads to the hell of special purpose operators for a closed set of concrete use-cases. It's easy to find them. Let us call them out using the siren song. Psychology and sociology are just as much sciences as mathematics, computer science, physics, chemistry, and biology. Since, you're asking for personal reports, I may as well chime in. I've managed to improve my ability to feel at ease when confronted with new people and places. This is something I did on my own, but like others have said, seeking professional expertise may help you achieve your goals more effectively, or may uncover things that need to be addressed in other ways. It may help to identify which specific parts of social interactions make you uneasy. For me it was feeling like I wouldn't have anything to say in response and that an awkward pause would ensue. I often second-guessed myself and felt like my responses didn't have worth. If your situation is different, the rest may not apply. The first changes I made were to view my situation as temporary. Instead of framing myself as a permanently awkward conversationalist, I framed my starting point as a challenge to build new skills. While some people learn these intuitively, I had to consciously build them[1]. By framing my challenge as a skill-building journey, I was able to make progress by seeking out specific information in order to build this skill. There were three techniques I practiced to help me build this skill. Topic vectoring[2], open-ended questions, and question-statement balancing. Topic vectoring is a simple heuristic for picking an appropriate response. A conversation response can go "up" a level by speaking more generally about the topic, go "down" a level by drilling down to a specific detail about the topic, or move laterally by shifting to an adjacent topic. Conversations progress by incrementally accreting small topic shifts. When too large of a topic shift is introduced, it is hard for the other participant(s) to follow along. This includes shifts that compose multiple directions. When I'm reaching for a response, I use this tool to pick an appropriate one. You've most certainly heard of open-ended questions before. Practicing open-ended questions was a skill I made a point of developing by monitoring my proportion of responses and adjusting as necessary. Good questions are conversational expanders. They require little from the querent and little from the respondent. They can feel like a good layup when done right. The same goes for question-statement balancing. Too many statements, and it begins to look like I just want to talk about my interests, and too many questions looks more like an interrogation than a conversation. All of these skills fit together in a way that make me feel like I know how navigate conversations much better than I did before. Quickly, it's important to describe what they are not. They are not memorizing a bunch of conversation prompts. They are heuristics that can be practiced, employed tactically, and form a cohesive toolkit. I strive for balanced conversations where other people feel heard and engaged, and I can walk away feeling the same way. Best of luck to you on your journey whichever path it takes. :) 1. There is probably some amount of neuro-atypicalness at play here, but that's not something I've explored too much. 2. The resource explaining this may be lost to the sands of time and it certainly went by another name. I'm completely convinced that the voting in Redecor - Home Design Game[1] is completely random. What they've done is Skinner boxed their competitions in a way that more or less evenly distributes random rewards to maximize engagement rather than reward players based on merit. It has the veneer of a voting-based competition, but none of the real guts of one. 1. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fi.reworks.red... There's definitely been a shift over the years, so I can see why someone would attribute it to sensitivity. However, actions that were done in the past that caused people to live in silent misery when done now are openly confronted. What appears as an increase in sensitivity is simply a perfectly natural response to abject behavior. People weren't less sensitive in the past, there were social mechanisms which curtailed these natural responses. The reinforcement of the idea that "people are too sensitive now days get offended by anything" is an excellent example of such a mechanism. While it's less socially acceptable to be a male chronic apologizer, I can easily think of one in my life. Still, there are many more male apology abstainers that I've known over the years. Hell, I was raised by one. This is a point-in-time update on a much larger trend. The predominance of dual-earner households is being supplanted by female breadwinner households[1]. Predicting the future is always challenging, but the changes here appear to be accelerating, not declining. Looking back on the disintegration of corporate family economics, and male breadwinner family economies, imagine the seismic shift involved in the establishment of female breadwinner family economies. The opportunities to capitalize on the second-order effects here are astronomical. 1. Fig 10. Marriage, Family Systems, and Economic Opportunity in the USA Since 1850 http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.738... I've been participating in an ML art community for about a month and it's been immensely fun. It's one of the more welcoming and supportive online spaces which is a breath of fresh air. Just some random thoughts: Firstly, it's made me view art in a surprising way. I will now intentionally seek out new artists keeping an eye out for good prompt fragments. Prompt fragments are a real currency in these spaces. Sure, an image or batch is fun to look out, but trading prompts is viewed as having much more worth. Tools like Clip Retrieval[1] are genuinely fun to play around with on their own but are also great tools for evaluating prompts before committing to generating an image. There are some challenging open problems like creating human faces consistently. It's not exactly clear if the model is capable of the task, or what the boundaries are. Either way, it's still entertaining to try. 1. https://rom1504.github.io/clip-retrieval/?back=https%3A%2F%2... Go further. Employees with Neuralink devices can get $10/month in amazon store credit if they turn on thought monitoring. Thought monitoring will collect keywords like "union", "pay raise", and "slavery labor" to enable precise employee interventions. Breaching the employee guidelines is a serious offense and repeated violations can result in termination. Employees can always find another job after all. :) You can almost hear the euphemism treadmill[1] accelerate beyond its limit. 1. https://www.nytimes.com/1994/04/05/opinion/the-game-of-the-n... There is a vague conversational sense that something is off. For me, this has occurred several times just prior to receiving masonic handshakes. It's happened enough that I take notes quickly afterword in order to compile a list of keywords/phrases in order to help identify what's going on. jc, this sounds absolutely unhinged after typing it out. So hard to finally accept this. I would tell myself "Maybe this company is different", "Maybe this department is different", or "Maybe my team is different." Every time it was a fantasy. Sometimes it can happen for a month or a year, but the hourglass always runs out. The belt tightens, and dollars are squeezed from somewhere. Eventually the squeeze finds you and it's time to jump ship or quickly learn how to set boundaries. It's fairly easy to augment a video stream to paste on eyes that always look in the direction of the camera. It's the digital equivalent of glasses with eyes on them[1]. 1. https://www.amazon.com/glasses-eyes-them/s?k=glasses+with+ey... As a gamedev who writes unit tests, I agree with GP. Games benefit from unit tests. That, however, doesn't change the systemic incentives that prevent tests from being written. The ways that gamedev is budgeted/funded is a more important factor than more tests = a more stable/less buggy game. Property based tests have caught 10-100x the number of buggy edge-cases than the handwritten unit tests I could have come up with. The material gains of getting a combinatorial explosion of test cases from property composition is extremely underrated. However, there seems to be a general skepticism around property based tests in my experience. Any idea where it stems from? It implies our models are wrong. Consider that a human adolescence is ~9.46x10^6 minutes and a fast speaking rate is ~200words/minute. That sets an upper bound of 1.9 billion words heard during adolescence. ie: human adults are trained on a corpus of less than 1.9B words. To some extent, more data can offset worse models, but I don't think that's the regieme we're currently in. GPT-3 was trained (on among other languages) 181 billion English words - or about 100 times more words than a human will hear by the time they reach adulthood. How is the human brain able to achieve a higher level of success with 1% of the data? 1. https://github.com/openai/gpt-3/blob/master/dataset_statisti... That is certainly a possibility. The other (non-mutually exclusive) implications may also be that human language acquisition benefits from being part of a multi-task model. Or that the problem has been overreduced ie: human language acquisition cannot simply be distilled into a words-in->words-out problem and that vision/hearing are actually integral parts of language acquisition that cannot be left out. Or that model arch still has major improvements to be made and attention is not all you need, for example. > I feel bad because I'm younger than they are, but I make much more money doing much more comfortable work. It feels like this is the start of understanding where this is coming from. If you wish, we could do a 5 Whys[1] session. So, why do you feel bad about being younger, but making more money doing more comfortable work? 1. https://buffer.com/resources/5-whys-process/ That's incredibly insightful. Expanding a bit further, all sorts of problems arise when participants bring with them different conversational frames. Take, for instance, the case where one participant frames a back and forth as in the same way they would a dyadic conversation, while the other participants frames the same strip of events as a debate in front of an audience. The former may see the later as being bombastic or evasive, while the later may see the former as being naïve or pestering. There are all sorts of rhetorical registers available or unavailable to each depending on how each frames the exchange and using an "unavailable" rhetorical register in a particular frame can be keyed as a deception. Bad faith arguments, can then be thought of as deliberately fabricating a frame in order to induce a false belief (ex: that the participants share a common frame). > this is a misaligned incentive that social platforms should correct structurally, rather than via governance or policies. And pushing the corrective actions back down to the individual is a cop-out. Can platforms do a better job at framing online discussion in such a way that makes it easier to maintain common framing? Which sort of laminations are available or could be invented in order to facilitate common framing and allow readers to identify frame-breaking activity? Platform creators literally create the mediums for these interactions, the choices they make make them structural participants in the ways in which these interactions play out. As such there is an implicit responsibility placed on them because of their agency in this process. Fake? By what attribution? > Note that one of the Hara Noda tracks has almost four million plays—that’s more streams than are attributed to most of the tracks on Jon Batiste’s We Are, which just won the Grammy for Album of the Year. The author seems to get mixed up in the process of legitimization. There is both no reason a Grammy should legitimize an artist nor why someone should want to delegate the process of legitimization to The Recording Academy. It simply isn't a useful ontology. Ontologies should provide epistemic clarity. Instead the author is left with confusion. The solution is simple: find a new ontology. That's a huge number of artists. Take Britney Spears' Grammy winning Toxic for example. The song was written and produced by Bloodshy & Avant, with additional writing from Cathy Dennis and Henrik Jonback[1]. …Baby One More Time, another example of hers contains zero songs written by Spears. Is that the same kind of deception that an unknown artist makes when publishing an original song that makes it way onto a jazz playlist? It's hard to find the utility of such a distinction. 1. https://www.officialcharts.com/chart-news/britney-spears-tox... What a fun video regardless of whether it's correct or not. It comes across as an asmovian psychohistory and that's a fun lens to play with regardless of its utility. Assuming it's a useful model, where does that leave us? Basically with nothing. The author suggests "spending less than we make, and treating each other well." Or in other words, fiscal austerity and compromising with non-compromisers. If Dalio has examples of nations retreating from the inevitability of collapse, or engineering soft landings, he doesn't share it in the video. Either way, why should a system which inevitably results in big cycles stop producing big cycles. Of course each empire wants to avoid its demise. Wanting to avoid demise isn't a sufficient condition. What I hoped Dalio would confront, was the possibility of changing cycle producing machine itself. You can start to see where this is going by identifying the change needed in each of the sub-components. Eliminate economic systems which create wealth gaps. Upend the global reserve system entirely. End Westphalian sovereignty. &c &c. Any or all of these naturally lead to big cycle formation and resistance toward changing the system creating big cycles is a tacit endorsement of the big cycle machine which I fully expect to receive (big cycles are good actually!) :) As a person who found myself grafted awkwardly into a friend's novel, it shrieks of callowness on the part of the author - a detour from propriety. The book's calls to action are as such: > Know all the possibilities, think about the worst-case scenarios, and then find ways to eliminate the intolerable ones. > Diversify > Put deferred gratification ahead of immediate gratification so you will be better off in the future. > Triangulate among the smartest people possible Each of these have varying degrees of paragraphs detailing their nuance, but they all come back to the point of making personal decisions to navigate a decline rather than changing the system of decline. The real nugget of truth is found a quarter of the way into the article. > I’m not trying to hurt her; therefore, she shouldn’t feel hurt. The author correctly identified the underlying dysfunctional belief[1], but fails to address it head on. Instead he finds ways to thematically "care more". > I could have communicated my love and respect for her by not leaving tiny reminders for her each day that she wasn’t considered. While, not untrue, without addressing the root-cause ie: the dysfunctional belief, there will continue to be an underlying friction between the internally held belief and the behaviors he wants to perform. This can work in the short-term, but only by confronting the dysfunctional belief can a long-term change be made[2]. Presumably there were many other manifestations of his dysfunctional belief in his marriage that were not listed but which played out in similar ways. 1. From this list of dysfunctional beliefs apply to more than only parent-child relationships http://www.issendai.com/psychology/estrangement/dysfunctiona... 2. Based on only the information available in the article. Inferences based on a limited amount of information are always subject to what the author reveals and no more. That's right. Deferring gratification is deciding to pass on the mousseline sauce on an ill-fated voyage across the Atlantic. I'd much rather be focused on advancing safer modes of transport than worried about which lifeboat I'm going to head for. Pharma has the additional problem of inelastic demand. Deciding to purchase a candy bar or not is qualitatively different from deciding to purchase cancer treatment or not. Personally, I extend your idealism to any good that has highly inelastic demand. Using markets to price goods efficiently is not a goal I have in mind when I'm considering the distribution of these type of goods. > Why didn't the free market solve this particular problem? What (categories of) problem(s) do folks generally think markets solve? There already is What a great point. I've been struggling with the epistemological implications of the copula for the last few months. The existence of the copula and its use seems to imply a shared objective reality, when it's perhaps more explainatory to label the copula as a reality constructing mechanism. Either way it's use as a universal quantifier eschews nuance. Patterns like "A is B" necessarily lead to differences in reality that are easily resolved when phrased like "I percieve that A is B". Copula-induced fights are ubiquitous. Sorry, I really wish I could but I've seen too many small good communities eventually turn into large bad ones. Someone smarter than me, why wouldn't transglutaminase or fibrinogen/thrombin work on wounds? I'm not above neologizing. Garden Path Optimizing transitive verb 1. to be misled by progressive or incremental optimization. 2. to achieve sub-optimality by pursuing incremental optimization. Speaking from my personal position, trans people like me will be harassed more because our names will be public, and bigots will continue hate speech under their real names. Instead we'll be forced to make a decision, reveal our names and risk real life danger in many cases, or abandon the platform and the vibrant community of support that also exists there. I dream of a language which forbids unstructured recursion in favor of first class support for structured recursion. It's not like I'm employing recursion very much, but it would be a fun experiment. It seems obvious, but I'll accept disagreements as a way to learn. While we aspire to build anti-fragile systems, there are real sort term incentives to building efficient fragile systems. Capitalistic incentives exactly like evolutionary pressures, have no responsibility to provide solutions which match our views on how the way the world should work, what's fair, and what's just. I find it personally difficult to assume that a business owner when faced with the a series of micro-choices each of which impacts profit could not choose to maximize profit the majority of the time even at the expense of robustness or anti-fragility. It's this garden path optimization that leads to catastrophic outcomes like supply chain paralysis or bankruptcy. I canceled and encouraged people to cancel[1] after The Closer was released. I will continue to encourage people to cancel when they mention Netflix content as a way to demonstrate allyship. It is a small act of protest anyone can do in just five minutes. 1. https://www.netflix.com/cancelplan This is why I notate using s-exprs. (joke my-comment) Really curious to learn how you perceive emotions. Maybe I'm reading into this too much, but this feels like the start of discussing an aphantasia analog. Looking forward to the walkthrough for the sequel: The Appeals Process. Thank you for taking the time to share. I really enjoy learning how other people experience the world. There are so many times when I've made an assumption based on my own life and was greeted with a surprise when I came to learn something new. "Soft" sciences. I've been having a blast learning about questions like, How do societies believe what's true?, What is sociological reality?, How are events interpreted and those interpretations shared, manipulated and layered? Definitely leveled up both my people skills, my observational skills, and my ability to form more reasoned thoughts. The questions I listed are specifically addressed in works like The Social Construction of Reality[1] and Frame Analysis[2]. From what I gather, they are widely read influential works and to put one in terms of the other, helped me frame modern social currents in a more through understanding. 1. Berger 1967 ISBN13:978-0385058988 2. Goffman 1986 ISBN:9780930350918 Now would be a good time to review the hierarchy of evidence. Using the hierarchy of evidence, where do you think this lies, and where do you think the evidence that vaccines do in fact save lives lies? No. I used to though. It was a coping mechanism for me. I made some large life changes and desire to drink has gone to zero. Now I feel better, and happier. On the contrary. It's a bold claim that there should be a government with any size at all. The modern nation state is a relatively recent invention. There is no reason why it among all possible forms of organization or unorganization should be the global optimum. What's more frightening to me is that it would be a local optimum - a corridor of thought impossible to reverse course on once decided, and always preventing us from reaching a more perfect form of governance or ungovernence as the case may be. I'm not here to discuss the benefits any particular form of governance, that's irrelevant to the idea of only having local information in an governance optimization landscape. The confusion you're experiencing is because I specifically mentioned "modern nation states" and you responded with "even the most primitive tribes." If we stick to the same topic, it might be more clear. Assuming 10,000 patriot missiles have been manufactured[1], it would cost only $2 million in quadcopters[2] to deplete the entire missile supply? What a bargain! 1. apologies for lacking a better source https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIM-104_Patriot 2. i.e. 2/3rds the cost of a single missile > Whatever form of organization you want to invent for a society, that will be a form of government. What is the name for this ideology? It feels like it's the political version of Mark Fisher's Capitalist Realism, but I've never seen it given a name before. I am of course interpreting this through a Bergerian/Luckmannian lens[1]. 1. Specifically by way of "reification is the apprehension of the products of human activity as if they were something other than human products - such as facts of nature, results of cosmic laws, or manifestations of divine will." p 106 TSCoR http://perflensburg.se/Berger%20social-construction-of-reali... Right, though I suspect this would nevertheless not happen if between the two of us we were familiar with the works I referenced. > the aura that they are hard at work and making things happen. Yes, and looping it back into a point in the article: the status that these demonstrations are meant to confer (consciously or not). > I’d tell It's really at this step where things start to take a wrong turn. I truly believe you're acting in good faith, so please take this as a gentle suggestion. Rather than telling trans/black/etc people anything, pause and really listen. We are already told how to do everything else in our lives, being told how to stand up for ourselves and how to fight for our rights feels like another example of the same pattern. A better question is, "How can we help?" or "What do you need?" This is a really good example that demonstrates what happens when a trans person stands up for themselves. Thank you for providing it so that others can witness that the careful steps we take aren't enough to prevent the abuse we experience. Yes, for a time I committed to learning hanzi on memrise. No only did I get better at the recall, I got better at learning how to learn about recall. Rather than experiencing a linear improvement in recall as I worked through the material, I got better at learning new characters as well. It wasn't clear if I was generally improving at recall in a global sense, or that this was a domain-specific improvement (say by learning to chunk at the level of radicals) or a bit of both. Regardless, the phenomenon had a noticeable effect. In my academic experience, teachers and professors were so adamant about not memorizing that I had under-utilized it as a skill. It was nice to employ it for once even if just to learn that it is a skill that can be improved. As the adage goes, "any aircraft landing you can walk away from is a good landing" and "any landing where you can still use the aircraft is a great landing." I don't get it either. I've had the police called three times on my 3rd grade son because he has been playing in our front yard. We live in a bland Californian suburban neighborhood built in the 1990s. He doesn't get outside much anymore. The plastic holds we put on the tree in the front go unused - bleached by the 258 beautiful sunny days we have each year. Instead he's learned to occupy his time on screens, but I hear people complain about that too. Tract homes, but no HOA in my neighborhood. There is a very HOA-vibe in my city, however, if that makes sense. There is a type. There is likely a bylaws provision for amending the bylaws. It may take a bit of politicking and organizing, but if everyone indeed dislikes this person, there's a chance someone could succeed in amending them to counter this behavior, and that person could be you. These sort of issues are susceptible to framing problems. For instance, "cars kill X number of kids per year, let's ban cars!"'s mirror framing is "how many children's lives is car driving worth?" It's something to be on the lookout for in these types of discussions if not to avoid then to recognize. > You ever have someone attack you and call them a name? No, I'm a mature adult. Sure, I'll disagree with someone. Hell, I'll even say things like, "that was a bigoted statement", but I will never make up an insult to avenge an attack. I work every day to prevent that behaviour in my kids. I'm not going to replicate it in my life. It's also not up to you to decide when someone "needs to get over it." That's a perfectly reasonable response, but it can also be framed as empowering. For some, this realization precipitates a Deleuzian scream - a conflict that cannot go unaddressed. For those, it is the beginning of a lifelong project to resolve that very contradiction, a higher purpose as it were. If you ever intent to study law, become involved in a situation dealing with disparate impact, or are at the receiving end of disparate impact, knowing the legal definition may be helpful too. The DoJ spells[1] out the legal definition of disparate impact as so: ELEMENTS TO ESTABLISH ADVERSE DISPARATE IMPACT UNDER TITLE VI Identify the specific policy or practice at issue; see Section C.3.a. Establish adversity/harm; see Section C.3.b. Establish disparity; see Section C.3.c. Establish causation; see Section C.3.d. 1. https://www.justice.gov/crt/fcs/T6Manual7#D Capitalism won't however, allow for speech which threatens its own existence. Utterances which pose a threat and cannot be subsumed by capitalism are stopped, erased, and penalized. I'll argue that this is the very speech that is most important to protect. I've seen this pattern play out online and offline countless times. A perennial favorite is dialog patterned like so "Ethereum is ok because proof of stake will solve problem X." "Is proof of stake currently in use?" "Well, no, but it will be soon/someday/eventually." I call it crypto-wishful thinking, but only for lack of a better name. I'm assuming it would get me banned, but nice try ;) Can they not adopt? Furthermore, once JS is enabled, I'm left wondering, "Why is JS needed at all?" Is there something happening on the page that requires JS that I'm simply unaware of? /gen It sincerely appears that HTML+CSS alone could support everything on the page. Am I reading the right? A Texan[1] who writes 2,500 censored comments a day, for example, has an earning potential of $9.1M/yr through litigation? Sounds like a gold mine. It puts Reddit in a difficult position. The vast majority of moderation is done by volunteer moderators. Those moderators now represent a legal/financial liability to the platform if some of their moderating actions are deemed illegal. 1. Or anyone who does business in Texas Thank you for providing a good example of using Schopenhauer's 1st and 25th strategems[1]. 1. https://www.mnei.nl/schopenhauer/38-stratagems.htm Wikipedia is a very difficult way to learn economics. In many ways it's like trying to learn mathematics or physics from an encyclopedia. The encyclopedic approach is - pedagogically speaking - sub-optimal. This comment confuses Leninism/Bolshevism with communism. The writer would do well to understand the nuances of authoritarianism across all flavors of communism before making generalizations from specifics. Thank you. This is a great opportunity to learn how that theme applies to basically all versions of Orthodox Marxist Communism, Libertarian Marxism, Austro-Marxism, Left communism, Ultra-leftism, Autonomism, Western Marxism, Eurocommunism, Luxemburgism, Council communism, De Leonism, Situationism, Impossibilism, Marxist feminism, Marxist humanism, Primitive communism, Anarcho-communism, and Communist Bundism, It would seem you have your work cut out for you. It's also spelled out in The Birth Dearth[1], but yes, the idea is much older. It is a synthesis of Hobbes and race to arrive at a conception of racial power which constructs a "looming crisis" extrapolated from a decades-long demographic trend toward racial pluralism. In so far as Wattenberg is concerned, the stakes are western civilization itself by way of an implied western chauvinism. 1. Wattenberg 1987 (ISBN-13: 978-0345343994) Are you genuinely asking? There are dozens of flavors of communism and you are free to pursue their histories and determine their conclusions. There is a strong chance this is response to the covid outbreak that occurred as a result of GDC this year. An outbreak occurred because a knowingly infected individual decided to surreptitiously interact with other conference-goers rather than stay in their hotel room. Do conference makers have a responsibility when creating systems and policies and the effects of those policies including the decision to have an in-person event? That's my read at least. > If you wanted that, you’d be playing the same game as your 24x7 colleagues. I mostly agree, but come to a different conclusion. In my mind the situation is a repeated prisoner's dilemma where defection is equivalent to off-hours responses. With no defections, everyone lives a pleasant life with healthy boundaries, and regular career advancement. If one defects, they receive accelerated career advancement while the other does not. If they both defect, they live a miserable life with unhealthy boundaries and regular career advancement. It has all the trappings of being able to make individual choices, but the system is best analyzed as a group. An global optimum exists and it doesn't involve playing 24x7. This is actually a good thing - it's a feature not a bug. You can think of crypto as a pressure relief value for banking deregulation/DeFi advocates. Instead of spending their time and energy in changing the current system of central banks, they can focus their efforts in building and chasing complex crypto systems, schemes, and gains. Moreover, it's a convenient social proxy. A person's participation in cryptocurrency is a strong signal in deciding my willingness to continue engaging with them. It was much more awkward before when we had to watch out for dog whistles and coded language. Crypto-enthusiasts on the other hand, are eager to display their interest and generally seem unabashed. It makes the entire process much more efficient. This also opens up the terrifying prospect that the calculus of level 5 autonomy changes not by way of self driving ai getting better so much as by human ability getting worse. Since the early parts of sigmoid and exponential curves are indistinguishable, the singularity advocates opt for the more interesting of the two. The question people are most interested in "what's the saturation level?" of sigmoids has such a large prediction interval that it's next to useless to estimate from data. Have you considered writing in the horror genre? You have a knack for it. Thanks for the recommendation. Having skimmed the book, yes, it would be fantastic to give the material the same treatment Paul Verhoeven gave to Starship Troopers specifically in its reappraised interpretation. > Knowledge does not automatically transfer to the next generation. That's not untrue, but overly simplifies the problem by observing a very narrow slice of a much larger whole. Knowledge does not automatically transfer between people of the same generation, or the same project, or the same team! The misapplication and over-reliance of Taylorism especially in software development projects deserves blame. Ultimately this traces to a root cause in the pedagogy of work evident in the largely uncritiqued popular conception of work methodology itself. Specifically the construction of "collaboration of specializations leads to efficiencies" ignores its creation of systemic forgettance. This oft quoted passage sums it up nicely: ... the relation of the producers to the sum total of their own labour is presented to them as a social relation, existing not between themselves, but between the products of their labor. That is to say that the transfer of knowledge, being one of among myriad social relations, takes a back seat to the relations between software components in this scenario. Absolutely! It brings up and makes accessible some really great epistemological questions that we tend to pass by. For me, it's easy to focus on the grand scientific process at the expense of examining how forgettance operates at the small group or even individual level. Forgetting Practices in the Data Sciences[1] for example, helped me start to identify these sites in my own system of work. 1. Muller, Strohmayer 2022 https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3491102.3517644 This is a really great way to introduce systemic neurodivergency filters and expose a greater surface area for unfair hiring practice lawsuits. There is a third interpretation I'd like to posit starting from the oft-quoted phrase "Know thyself." One, it implies that knowing thyself isn't a guaranteed ability - it takes effort for example. Furthermore, we can without difficulty agree that knowing thyself has degrees, dimension, and quality. So what then, if someone does not know thyself in some way? They leave open the possibility to have others define them, take advantage of them, and influence one's agency. This doesn't exclude the possibly of someone knowing something about you better than you know, only to say that maligned agents can capitalize on one's lack of self-knowing. We can then extend the original quote in this specific content to "Know yourself so that you alone can define your agency." This extension allows for nuance in epistemological introspection and accounts for inter-subjective manipulation. The ability to query is where this project really shines. I can, for example, find that there is but a single[1] chess pitch[2] in the entire world. Its home[3] is at a train terminal named "Rouquo Station" itself adorned with a statue of "Hermann Rouquo" and located in the otherwise unremarkable town of "ja Lomy". The station is the last stop in the line. The home of an important cultural figure? The pet project of a corrupted dictator? A fictitious character? A master chess player? All perhaps answerable, or not, by more queries. 1. https://ogfturbo.rent-a-planet.com/?Q=%2F*%0AThis%20is%20an%... 2. https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:sport=chess?uselang=... 3. https://opengeofiction.net/node/261582755#map=19/-19.97006/2... Are there, by chance, any fake units that exist? Thank you for sharing your experience. It is exactly what humanizes what should already be humanized, de-homogenizes what should already be de-homogenized, and opens doors of empathy that should already be open. > Aside from anything else, what the fuck does it even mean? I'm assuming this is a genuine question, so I'll answer with my genuine understanding. Invalidating someone's lived experience is the process by which someone more or less says, "that didn't happen to you", or "your interpretation of events that happened to you is wrong." Before we start to find edge cases like "they clearly left the door unlocked and believed it to be locked," no that's not what invalidating lived experiences pertains to. Invalidating lived experience pertains to social knowledge and interpretations usually of harmful events. Or in other words, overwriting someone's framing of the harmful events that happened to them. Broad categories include, "no, that wasn't racism/sexism/bigotry that you experienced", or "no that really wasn't abusive." You might think of it as a certain kind of gaslighting. Could there be a better name for it? Maybe? Signifiers are often detached from what they signify- it doesn't matter much to me at this point that this is the case. Let me be clear. I'm not here to discuss that this is or isn't a problem in discourse. Moving from, obtuse wording to, not-actually-a-problem is a kettle logic I don't wish to engage in. Really good example. Thank you. This is precisely the type of thinking that goes into invalidating lived experience. The mechanism behind invalidating lived experience is fundamentally a reality construction mechanism. It's goal is to construct a reality, namely by the person doing the invalidating. The reality being constructed is absent bigotry and abuse as a way of avoiding the task of confronting them directly. In short it says, "My reality is objectively true and yours is not" when the person doing the constructing hasn't the same personal encounters as the person being invalidated. Great. In agreement, but help me understand how we went from lived experiences involving bigotry and abuse to crank medicine and con game victims? I added that boundary specifically so that cases like this wouldn't be brought up and used to counter-example. > Skepticism is a rational and healthy habit. Agreed. Veiled-skepticism is, however in the case of invalidating lived experience, a powerful gaslighting tool. Discerning between the two is an additional hurdle targets of bigotry and abuse see layered on top of them. It's very simple. I'm not sure why we're talking about visions. If someone says, "Such and such happened to me. I think it was abuse," consider stopping to think two times before responding with "No, that didn't happen." It's the very same thing already in the HN guidelines in the form of "Have curious conversation; don't cross-examine." I'm not sure why we're constructing parallels between religious interventions other than to ridicule having curious conversations instead of deciding for other people. That's so interesting. For me, it's a reminder to "pause twice before telling someone how they should be interpreting their experiences relating to bigotry and abuse. Get curious instead." I guess for some people it gets translated into "You're not allowed to say I'm wrong." I feel like I have something to learn from asking, is this something that has happened to you? As an aside, the inability to draw a clear line between abuse and other topics isn't so much of a problem for me. It is a form of Sorites paradox that we deal with in other topics all the time. It's rather frustrating that I specifically added in cases of "bigotry and abuse" and we're detouring into abstract epistemological discussions and trying to back fill those generalizations into the specific. Invalidating lived experience is overwhelmingly used to describe a pattern of behavior which occurs in the realm of bias, harassment, and interpersonal conflict, not arriving at scientific or universal truths through debate. This is much more about "Your Dad didn't hit you. That never happened," than "In my experience the Earth is flat." The suggested change in behavior also isn't "You're never wrong." It's merely the suggestion to get genuinely curious, and pausing to listen before framing someone's experience. Maybe the body cam shows otherwise, great. Getting curious tends to have a humanizing effect - the body cam evidence can wait 15 minutes. The era of dual earner marriages is over. Let me back up a bit and hedge with acknowledging the real danger in extrapolating from current trends, but let's indulge and while relying on some data. We're in the early formation of yet another stage of family conceptualization. As the corporate family economy declined over the latter half of the 19th century and early 20th century, the male breadwinner marriage declined from the 1930s-1980, the decline of the dual earner family is beginning its decline[1]. This is complicated with the decline of marriage in general, and marriage itself complicated with dramatically increasing age and rates of divorce. Male labor force participation has declined from 86% in 1950 to 69% in 2019[2]. Over the same time period women's labor force participation rate rose from 33% to 57%[3]. Simultaneously, the rates of co-habitation continue to rise (0.1 in 1968 to 9.4% in 2018)[4] and outpacing spousal living after 2010(among 18-24yr olds). Disability and addition are prevalent in non-labor force participating(LFP) males[5]. The Richmond Fed's report Male Labor Force Participation: Patterns and Trends describes the relationship. > Many of those receiving disability payments via Social Security are receiving them for ailments such as mental health disorders and disorders that occur due to long-term obesity and drug or alcohol abuse. Data from the Social Security Disability Program’s 2019 annual report show that 35 percent of Social Security Disability beneficiaries are disabled due to a mental health disorder, with mood disorders most common. An additional 30 percent of beneficiaries have disabilities associated with a musculoskeletal disorder, many of which are due to obesity. Extrapolating from this we can imagine a world 20-30 years from now where a majority of households are formed under the cohabitation of unmarried partners. The woman here is likely the breadwinner, although all forms of male breadwinner and dual earner households still remain. The unemployed male may be receiving social security for a mental or musculoskeletal disorder due to obesity or drug or alcohol abuse. While not an optimistic version of the future, there's still the opportunity to be proven wrong, argue about causes, and explore second-order effects within the larger picture all thanks to the magic of extrapolitis. 1. Ruggles 2016. Marriage, Family Systems, and Economic Opportunity in the USA Since 1850 https://users.pop.umn.edu/~ruggles/Articles/marriage.pdf 2. Although post 2019 data is available, I'm excluding it due to not wanting to discuss the gendered effects of COVID on labor. https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/LNS11300001 3. https://fredblog.stlouisfed.org/2021/03/women-in-the-labor-f... 4. https://www.census.gov/library/stories/2018/11/cohabitation-... 5. https://www.richmondfed.org/-/media/richmondfedorg/publicati... I think we all have some skill in understanding if we are being engaged with authentically or are being deceived. It's 2066 and a grieving 54 yr old has to figure out how to throw away boxes and boxes of their dead parent's funko pops. There are many non-exclusive reasons: companionship, protection, unpaid labor, income, and role-expectations. Detailing the last three, unpaid labor can look like child care, errand running, home repair, and house work(and while men generally spend less time than women doing this, it isn't zero[1]). Female breadwinner households include male gig work ex: 77% of ride share drivers are male[2]. That's a way of saying that the men in these relationships are not contributing - they can be - just not at a level to be considered a dual earner. Lastly, let's not discount gender and role expectations. If you are male, have you asked the women in your life if they have been pressured to not be single by their family or peers? Did others have expectations of them? What were their responses? In my social network, I can name plenty of women who are living with men who engage in drug abuse, alcohol abuse, and have mental disorders, sometimes more than one. I instinctively caricature this type, which makes it more difficult for me to identify these cases, but substance abuse, mental disorders, or physical disorders don't automatically render people homeless, insane, or invalid. They all can, however, make it much more difficult to hold down a steady job or result in under employment. Nonetheless, some women accept these challenges, while others they regret the pressure they faced or decisions they made in entering these relationships. The effort required to enter and exit relationships is asymmetrical. There is some stickiness to the whole affair even within cohabitating unmarried couples. Deciding to live alone is a serious choice. 1. Table 8C, Table 9 https://www.bls.gov/news.release/archives/atus_06282018.pdf 2. https://gridwise.io/who-are-rideshare-drivers-a-demographic-... Surely there exists a voting system with k-anonymity/l-diversity which partially solves some of these competing desires, right? Businesses are expected to comply with evidence gathering procedures. This is why I always answer no when Google surveys me to ask, "Is your data safe with us?" No, no it's not and that's by design. As long as it's mathematically possible to retrieve, there will be a judge who compells a business to do so. The UX redesign is also clearly part of a mobile-first strategy. The mobile site funnels users into the mobile app, and the desktop site clearly echos the mobile design principles. Mobile users fundamentally engage with the platform in different ways. For one, they form a different demographic segment than older users, and secondly the mobile app frames and filters content in uniquely mobile ways. High-signal content is much more difficult to craft on a mobile device so more mobile use represents a greater proportion of content noise. Early adopters seek high-signal over content quantity and will move platforms if the opportunity arises. Such a migration will play into future case studies critiquing Reddits MAU-chasing at the expense of hollowing out their long-time user base. Maybe? I guess I'm speaking from personal experience here when I say writing in-depth sourced and edited comments[higher quality] is more difficult for me on a mobile device. But perhaps, my experience not the norm. Is it different for others? Absolutely. The business has a huge incentive to grow even if it results in old-timers migrating off platform. For sure. Optimizing for MAUs disincentives quality content. No, nothing specific. I was genuinely hoping that someone smarter/more into the topic might reference something specific. That would be true if we assume the effect is linear, but why should it be? Is there evidence of linearity? On second thought it's kinda of a dumb comment. I'd retract it if I could. I'm not entirely convinced that there is nothing that could be done other than firing. There is a case to be made that he purposefully sabotaged the organization not unlike the damage caused by changing all the server passwords as a giant FU. If true, there are certainly damages. We just have an easier time with the tangibility of one vs the other. Theoretically or in practice? Practically, we haven't yet developed anti-fragile socio-ideological technologies which can out compete shareholder-maximization ideologies(SMIs). Instead SMIs are adept at castrating anti-SMIs and rendering them inert before they can establish a foothold. The world we enter into today is the product of this anti-SMI castration. You can even see echos of the great SMI war play out whenever SMI granades are casually lobbed in the bushwar of this discussion. Yes. My comment was very US-centric. You're right; the outcomes are demonstrably true. Board-level representation is a good example of this. Maybe asking rhetorically in a different way - what is the series of chess moves where that goal is achieved? I voted a bit sad, but really it's a mixture of mostly good and very bad. I live in a safe place, have affirming friends, and don't expect any legal, housing, income, legal precarity. At the same time it feels like people like me are being targeted, scapegoated, and played as unwilling political pawns all whilst being told that we're over-reacting, can't take a joke, monsters, perverts, and all other manner of degeneracy. I just want to be treated like everyone else. I don't want to be genocided, please. This is really good advice - for externalizers. For internalizers however, it is perfectly terrible. Before deciding to go all in on advice like this, it's crucial to know where you fall along that spectrum[1]. Externalizers tend to place the locus of control outside of themselves which symbolically castrates them to fantasize about the objet petit a[2]. When it negatively impacts your life, you become the friend who likes to complain about everything but does nothing. Or worse, you're a person against the world who owes no one and impotently rages against everything. Internalizers do the opposite. They will place immense burdens upon themselves to unrealistically adapt and change when most people would confront the challenge directly. An example is the Missing Stair[3] metaphor. An internalizer works around everything, always pushing the problem inward and never forcing the world to change. Internalizers can be harder to identify as they silently suffer in an absence of self-kindness. What the article glosses over is knowing yourself[4] well enough to understand which tendencies you have. Maybe you tend to be an externalizer with your career and an internalizer with social relations or vice-versa or some other mixture entirely. It can be hard to be honest with yourself and ask, "Is this truly working for me?" But, those questions are hard precisely because they are the first step towards personal growth. 1. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-theater-the-brai... 2. http://cahiers.kingston.ac.uk/concepts/castration.html 3. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Missing_stair 4. γνῶθι σεαυτόν - which everyone should practice before blindly taking advice It's my personal belief that people have the capacity for change and it is largely dependent on desire and willingness. Having the words to conceptualize one's self can catalyze the process of self transformation and that's why it's important to talk about it. No one can snap change nor is a willing person's mind immutable. Maybe they find it possible to change one aspect of their life more than others. There's also therapy. I framed it psychoanalytically, but locus of control was coined by Rotter so its probably grounded more in behaviorism and social learning traditions. Well made points. Expanding on one part, there is a social contingent who gatekeeps victimhood itself. In their eyes they see too much victimhood and decide that the solution is that less people should be calling themselves victims. Would some victims do well to shift the locus of control inward, sure, but that's probably best left to the victim to decide rather than being decided for them. Part of this behavior denies victimhood as a form of social control. It's a malignant form of denying victim hood and it's most dangerous form That's certainly possible. Someone who has tried every possible way to direct their agency inward without results can simply burn out and feel helpless to affect change. By process of elimination, they've shifted their locus of control outward. This isn't a given though. I know plenty of people who overinternalize to the point of burnout and don't become cynical externalizes[1]. In my experience "dont be a victim" means "please stop complaining" more than anything else. A friend who truly does wish to help might start with getting curious about why the externalizing victim feels like they cannot affect change, but this is tricky. Often people don't want to be offered unsolicited advice or be made to feel like they have to prove that they have exhausted their options before being offered sympathy. It's a fine line. 1. Before someone else chimes in with it being a useless model because it does not make predictions - that's not the point. It's a mode of interpretation/critical lens, not a predictive model. We have to rationally debate this to death which means to present both sides as having equally valid arguments until we grow tired and give up so that nothing changes. Really though, once I hear the "Actually, this is good for wage earners" argument, I know which side has won. Maybe I'm completely off base here, but 1950s counterculture wasn't in the public eye. On the Road, for example, served as a messenger which signaled the existence of such a counter culture 10 years earlier and served it to a broad public audience. In the same way, Bourdain's Kitchen Confidential primed an popular obsession with restaurant culture which resulted in the celebrity chef literally mediated by media. The point is that by and large counter/sub-culture isn't readily accessible by the greater public (if it was it would simply be culture). It takes effort and activity. Kerouac literally had to be 'on the road' for On the Road to exist. The public doesn't have access to the back of the house, etc. The author will never connect directly with counter culture if he doesn't find our present's roads and the kitchens. His connection to counter culture will always be mediated through second-hand accounts at best, or substantively diluted by mass media leaving the hollow husk of form at worst. This is a tale about what happens if one doesn't stray off the beaten path to seek out niche communities and untold stories. It's a feeling of suburban sameness, that there should be more, and that we're capable of being more. It's out there, friend - waiting for you. I'm getting at the difference between people that give up because they feel they have no control and people who feel like they can only change themselves. Both of those are maladaptive in their extremes. Figuring out which sort of tendencies one has and adjusting that is a step toward owning your problems. The steps toward ownership looks different for these two types. Sorry, I don't think I'm the right person to give that advice. That genuinely sounds like the start of a healthy and productive journey with a therapist. I genuinely believe MGMT-types enjoy face-to-face interaction, but would not discount the theatrical power of it all. A manager with a Hobbesian conceptualization of power in a raw physical sense sees their own power as the accumulation of the accumulated ceded power[1] of their direct reports. That is to say, the more of their workers in their physical presence, the more powerful they are and the more workers I have over you, the more power I have relative to you. Social relations too become spatial relations. In this conceptualization, a manager seeks to display their own status(via power) in the dramatic interactions they have with other managers. Whole areas, floors, or even buildings comprise the managerial territory under control, complete with the material wealth of physical assets, both inanimate and human. Finally, we have Hobbes instrumentall power or the corporate ladder climbing we all know - power for power's sake. Beyond the creation of wealth, good, and value lies the drive for power itself. 1. http://changingminds.org/explanations/power/hobbes_power.htm From personal experience Scala also works. It's 100% possible to learn monads using https://scastie.scala-lang.org/ as a scratch pad. Yesterweb asks a simple question, "Can't we have one thing, one measly crumb-of-a-thing, not tainted by capitalism?" And the resounding response is "NO." Well, I don't. So it seems we're at a bit of a stalemate. > I’ve found that people love to find an excuse to not do a specific exercise. Organizations too! The military, arguably one of the most physical and metric-oriented organizations stopped relying on the sit-up due to injury rates when recruits trained for sit-up tests. I've got one that ends in xxx-6789. It makes it easy for kids to remember and it gets a nice little "huh!" from people when I tell them. Seven though, that's a whole 'nother ball game. The market has no telos other than to perform price discovery. I'm not sure where people get the idea that a market will do anything beyond that. Price discovery of housing has no bearing on being able to provide all people with a place to live. It's akin to saying that a market of Fabergé eggs will ensure everyone gets an egg. The problem is simple, there isn't enough housing irrespective of market or planning. Plainly, market-panaceaism is exhausting. It's beyond the pale that being driven to suicide or beaten to death is the experience trans people face and that he's equating a training course as being the same. I just learned this in my mind 30s. So many hollow friendships before. > The good news is that we have decades of high-quality research demonstrating how to effectively intervene to reduce symptoms and to help anxious youth cope and function better. These include both medical and nonmedical interventions like cognitive behavioral therapy, which studies show to be safe and effective. That's the good news? I guess hoping for a deep dive into the causes and some reasoning about how we got ourselves into this is too much? The pattern of only addressing symptoms is pathologically abundant. I get that it's a large-scale project (assuming it is a real problem), but isn't it akin to saying, "this software is too buggy to improve. We should give up and live with the bugs instead?" We can't give each kid one-on-one tutoring[1] which would improve children's education by 2 standard deviations. Yet, we still teach kids in classrooms. Let's not let perfect be the enemy of good(or better). 1. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloom%27s_2_sigma_problem I agree; I don't think mass meditating children is a viable solution, but that's not the only solution. Anytime there is a pattern to bugs, I stop and think about the systemic changes that got us there in the first place. And that's what I'm advocating for here too. > I don't believe in mrna technology. That it exists, that it is effective, that the pros outweigh the cons? Elon clearly has a Hobbesian conceptualization of power. Key phrases in his memo precipitate gracefully from the very same naturall power, instrumentall power, relative power, and ceding power that Hobbes lays out in Leviathan. Let me demonstrate. > Tesla has and will create and actually manufacture the most exciting and meaningful products of any company on Earth. Here Elon describes the consequences for working from the office. It is the use of power as the ability to secure well-being or personal advantage 'to obtain some future apparent Good'. It's to affect a change in the world - the ability to manufacture exciting and meaningful products. > If you don't show up, we will assume you have resigned. Elon directly connects presence with power in this statement. Resignation is the ultimate absence of the power to affect change within Telsa in the same way that not showing up is. Conversely, Tesla's power is the aggregation of the presence of its workforce. Instrumentall power is definitionally the aggregation of power and they buying of compliance. Tesla's buying of compliance are the wages paid in exchange for labor. > There are of course companies that don't require this, but when was the last time they shipped a great new product? It's been a while. In this passage, Elon establishes a conceptualization of relative power. He strikes a comparison between companies that require presence and those that don't. Those that do have the power to ship 'great new product's, and those that don't, don't. > The more senior you are, the more visible must be your presence. This equation constructs an equivalence between power and presence. It is under-girded by the assumption that a manager's power is the aggregation of power (compliance) ceded by their direct reports. Those with more aggregate power must show more presence. "That's why I lived at the factory so much," is evidence that Elon sees himself as having the most presence and therefore the most power. I've demonstrated how Elon has a Hobbesian account of power directly tied to Hobbes' ideas of naturall power, instrumentall power, relative power, and ceding power. Elon sees himself as the culmination of this power and consequently he see's Tesla as his Leviathan. Right, many of those people are much less likely to be at the receiving end of enslavement and torture and go on the make generalization errors from that position. Sorry, just really not convinced by this rebuttal. I don't think the enslavers and torturers today are concerned with Spartacus-type events and that makes them not assume their experiences are generalizable. This is a really good illustration of what sociologist call reification[1] - specifically of gender in this case. What the parent does is confuse their idiosyncratic views with an underlying essentialism in their conceptualization of the universe. It allows people to externalize their thoughts into concepts like reality, human nature, or 'just how things are'. The reason this is a good example is that the author shoots directly at the concept of a 'gender reality' without mincing words. Generally the tactic is to reword personal belief as grounded external knowledge using the copula, but it's an epistemological slight of hand. Like all magic tricks, once you know it it's hard not to unsee it. 1. Berger, Luckmann (1966) The Social Construction of Reality Lucky us. Now that the PageRank patent has expired, we can apply it to policing and to social credit scores. > Why do people assume that you have to think you'll be a billionaire to be against something that would affect billionaires negatively? Because there is a group who struggles to reconcile what looks like a contradiction - another group who appears to advocate for policies which harm themselves. The quote and its derivatives attempt to explain this apparent contradiction. Completely agree. There are also people who would give everything and anything to be ideologically consistent - worse off on every metric, but right with themselves and the way they see the world. It can be very difficult to relate to them due to that very experiential chasm. I'm genuinely curious to read what your edit would have been so that it didn't appear that I was putting myself into one of these groups. Meta analyses > RCTs That's great.