Let's hope prospective interns aren't grading potential internships based on whether the company's web server melts down an hour after a post on hacker news. :-) All I get is a 500 error. I edit text all day with a black background, often with green text (but not blindingly bright green), and that still makes my eyes hurt. I didn't make it past the 2nd paragraph. aka "15 Reasons Why Your Written English Sucks". I could barely parse half of the sentences. If you're going to spam Hacker News and try to sell help desk services, at least put some effort into grammar, spelling, and formatting (some points are bold, some aren't, etc.) No way you're going anywhere near my customers. At least "wayfarer" is a word. I worked at "Adapx". Don't feel bad, everyone except the employees pronounced it wrong. The fact that the marketing company that charged them for it wasn't laughed out of the room amuses me. The decision makers had to have asked, "how do you pronounce it?" And they wrote a check anyway. ("Adapts" or maybe "adaps" is the intended pronunciation, I'm still not exactly sure and I worked there.) > I can assure you that steel frames are not your friend Speaking as one who spent $3500 on a steel-framed commuting/winter training bike, I obviously disagree. Aluminum rides rough and carbon is just silly on a commuter. Though to give you the benefit of the doubt, you did mention " That said, I would encourage anyone to get a degree if you have the opportunity. Sure, you can learn stuff on your own, but directed learning can save you time down the road. And the paper can help sometimes. On the other, other hand during the times I was a hiring manager I never really cared much whether someone had a degree or not. Demonstrable experience and chops are worth more to me. Thanks for the link. I may use Phabricator just so I have an excuse to dig through the rest of the docs. :) Well, that and it looks like it could be quite useful. What about the brake pads? With regenerative braking, I expect the pads on my Nissan Leaf to last almost as long as the car. Whether the $600/year is a good price is irrelevant. The matter at hand is "pay us $600/year or we void your warranty". It's shady, for one, and of questionable legality given Magnuson-Moss. With the regenerative braking on the Nissan Leaf (what I own and can speak to with some authority), pressing the brake pedal does not mean the pads touch disk. What happens most of the time, and for most of the braking right up until the car comes to a stop, is that the electric motor is turned into an electric generator. I can watch the meter on the dashboard switch from sucking-juice-from-battery to dumping-juice-in when I hit the brakes. I also assume there are some large capacitors involved, as I can't imagine any battery likes having 30kW being dumped into it. As far as I can tell the only time pads touch disk are 1) emergency stops when the generator can't cause enough load to safely stop the vehicle 2) below about 10mph (not much load from the generator) and 3) the battery is fully charged and has no room for additional electrons. The transition from generator to pad-and-disk can be felt if one is looking for it. In summary, the vast majority of the braking on the Nissan Leaf appears to be done without the conventional brakes. I assume the Tesla works in a similar manner, hence my comment. EDIT: added a third reason for conventional brake use. What parent said is correct, categorically or not: regenerative braking does not use conventional pad-and-disk. It uses the electric motor to slow the car by turning the motor into a generator. The fact that a Nissan Leaf has pads and disks does not change this. Regenerative braking is not just a "hip, new (phrase)", it has an actual distinct meaning. That meaning is distinct from engine braking. I've driven manual transmissions all of my life, from motorcycles to large trucks, and to me regenerative braking and engine braking aren't even close to the same thing. As a side note, if your brakes can lock your tires at speed (and I don't know of a modern car that can't), then engine braking in an emergency isn't going to help as the tires are the weak link. Unless you're racing on the track every weekend, that sounds like a ridiculously short replacement interval. IIRC from my professional mechanic days, Mercedes puts some seriously thick pads on their brakes. I recall that they typically didn't get replaced until many miles had passed. As another commenter mentioned, I'd ask for the pads back. The rotors, OTOH, come out of the factory barely over spec to begin with (I imagine weight savings/fuel economy as one reason). Just a little bit of wear, and they're not worth turning on the lathe. (Ex-ASE-certified mechanic here, but IANAL.) Your typical recourse is to return to the shop and have them do the job again. Yes, the faster a shop turns out a job the more they make per hour. But if a car comes back, the money made on fast turnover gets lost quickly. So contrary to popular belief there is an incentive to do the job right. If the car comes back, they should work on it until it's right. Now what if the shop said, in your example, "too bad, we're not fixing the head gasket"? I'll start with saying that court is probably your next option. But I have two other things to add. First, a decent shop would replace the head gasket if they screwed up. Once in a while a shop just has to eat a big job due to a screw up. Second, though, is that it's sometimes hard to properly place blame. I don't know the details of your situation, so forgive me for assumptions, but head gaskets don't just blow the instant the overheat light comes on. Yeah, the shop may have screwed up, but that doesn't absolve the driver from pulling over when the light comes on. So who do we blame? Well, that's why you call a lawyer. :) I like how the first picture is of a Ferrari engine. I don't think high fuel mileage is Ferrari's main selling point, is it? :) The article (which I mostly just skimmed) seem to center on technological solutions. But since CAFE is a fleet average, I wonder if makers won't just throw an EV or two in their lineup. With an EPA rating of 99mpg or more for EVs, that ought to bring the average right up. I guess that means people still have to buy them, though. So they effectively reinvented the boneshaker[1] while forgetting why the highwheelers evolved (you're not going to go very fast on this thing). [1] http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boneshaker_(bicycle)#section_... "Best response...ever"? I got bored two paragraphs in, I am confident that the recruiter didn't go past two sentences. When the hiring manager asks, the recruiter will just say, "he didn't accept the offer." That's not to say there isn't validity in what was said (just because it bores me doesn't make it lack value), but as a response to Google HR it isn't going to change anything. For me, the not-one-but-two "tip for a tiny belly" ads gave it away before I even got to Airlie's post. Right or wrong, those types of ads prejudice me against a site before I even get to the content. In this case the content did little to change my judgement. Palm got rebuffed because they masqueraded as an Apple product. The USB-IF understandably didn't like that. It won't be "harder for Apple to stop" Microsoft because Apple is unlikely to even try to do so. Apple has a documented method for accessing the iTunes library (RIM and others used it). Even if there were not an approved way to do it, the database is in XML so it should be relatively easy to work with it. Why Palm took the route they did mystifies me. So what will Apple do now, you ask? Nothing, more than likely. Maybe Y!, but ermm, Microsoft has a great web-mail product? Are you referring to something other than Hotmail? Because ads aside (bills have to get paid), I find Hotmail to be infuriatingly bad with its UI. Multiple lines of text-only toolbars (hard to find what I want), one text box to search the web and another to search mail (and I always get the web one when searching mail), and just too much non-mail crap on the screen. That said, HM does seem to have some nice features such as a decent spam filter (finally; it used to be laughable) and easy unsubscribe. But bury it under a poor UI and I just dread using it. Or maybe when you say "great web-mail" it's blindingly obvious to everyone but me that you're referring to something else, in which case ignore me. :) Wolf-Parkinson's, that's me. I was a highly-trained and mostly-healthy bike racer and would occasionally get a rapid, arythmic heart beat under certain conditions that would last for sometimes hours. Finally went in to get it checked, and when I asked "doesn't that result in sudden death in athletes?" He said if it hadn't killed me by now it probably wasn't going to. One heart ablation and it hasn't bothered me since. My rambling point is that, yeah, "perfect health" sometimes isn't. And a few pieces of heart tissue that grew just a little differently could have meant I'm not writing this despite being a life long endurance athlete. I can't say it's changed my outlook on life much, though. As an owner of a Nissan Leaf, I'll take a stab at it. First, Tesla makes nothing but electric cars. Contrast this to Nissan who also makes the gas-guzzling Armada ("like an entire fleet of SUVs coming at you!"). Tesla has an incentive to make them not suck, all the way from the experience of the car itself to the sales process to keeping it charged (the Supercharger infrastructure). The Leaf buying experience, OTOH, was one of the worst I've ever experienced. I'll spare the details for another time, but if I weren't a hard-core early adopter Nissan would have had an extra Leaf lying around. I love our Leaf, but Nissan did little to endear me to the company itself. From what I hear of Tesla, though, it sounds like their start-to-finish-to-living-with-it experience could turn me into a fanboy. Second, though I'm really happy with our Leaf it falls a bit short in some respects compared to the Jaguar we got rid of to make room for the Leaf. The Leaf is a really nice compact car, but it's still a gussied up Nissan Versa. The Tesla, OTOH, is a nice car, electric or not. If they hadn't already sold out with a miles-long waiting list, I probably would have put money down on a Model S. I can see one in the car-owning future of my wife and me. Last, with the range of the top models it could be an only car for a lot of folks. Our Leaf can do a day of driving around town or further, but then it's back home to get plugged in. I can't think of a lot of places I'd go that a Tesla couldn't take me there. In summary, the Tesla Model S is the car that could take the industry forward. Nissan Leafs with a 100 mile range sold through a traditional dealer network probably aren't. Sorry for the late reply, I don't have reply notifications set up. During the ablation itself, I felt nothing because I was drugged. However, they have to repro the problem in order to know what to zap. That was an interesting process with all kinds of non-painful (though not entirely pleasant) stuff to feel. The details are still up if you care: http://psychocross.blogspot.com/2007/10/next-in-continuing-s... Hmm, but it seems to work in Safari for iOS6. There's no hover, of course, so one has to touch the bar that corresponds to income. I wonder what shenanigans are going on that it doesn't work on so many desktop browsers. First, the page is cut off on Safari on an iPad. But I can get the gist of it. More to the point, it's the piracy argument all over again. If I unsubscribe from a retailer's list, I wasn't going to buy anything from their mailings anyway. It's apparent that I had no intention of reading them. They're missing out on nothing. But maybe I'll buy something in the future, who knows? If it was an otherwise pleasant experience I'll keep them in mind. When I unsubscribe, I hold no ill will toward the sender if they make it a one-click, easy unsubscribe. Make it a pain to unsubscribe, however, and get nothing in the future. Take Musician's Friend as a prime example. My first and only purchase from them was a Fender Greta amp (highly recommended, BTW). I gave them (my gmail alias)+musiciansfriend@gmail.com. They took it. They also spam me every other day. Fine, I'll unsubscribe. But the unsubscribe form's regex rejects "+" and tells me the address is invalid. Too bad for you, MF, as I'll just filter your mail, the paper catalog that I didn't ask for will go straight to recycling without ever entering the house, and I'll bad-mouth you to anyone that asks. That's because post-sale MF came across as obnoxious. I remember using the SAMs books (which make the list). I learned more from correcting the errors, of which there were many, than I did from the books themselves. Simply horrid books that should have had much more time spent on editing. > Windows CE based Wizard style PDAs predate the Apple Newton Newton came out in '93 and WinCE came out in '96. But that nitpick doesn't take away from your general point. MSFT seems to be good at coming out with things that have potential, but then let's them languish. Their mobile products were a prime example. On the last WinMo phone I had (2006-ish), the OS had dialogs that were (I assume) user-drawn and going on ten years old. Those dialogs looked like it, too. Apple comes along with a platform they were willing to pour the company into, and MSFT has been playing catch-up since. You say they don't make their products "good enough", I'd argue that Microsoft doesn't stick with their products long enough to make them good enough. Their wireless home phone system (can't find a link) was an example. V1.0 was rough around the edges, but useable and forward-thinking for the late 90's. v2.0 was going to be great, except there never was a 2.0. What amazes me is that in a couple of generations the accents of all the regions change (including England itself with the hard r , apparently). In the case of the US I'm curious if accents stay the same once geographically stable. Once we became more mobile in the early-mid 20th century, are accents changing faster with the influx of diversity as folks move around? They don't make you turn off anything. You simply can't bring it in. Just like you can't bring in your own food or drink. The FCC and radio spectrum legalities don't enter into it. They don't want some rogue devices screwing it up for everyone else. The stadium is offering free WiFi, so there's no attempt to block communications and there is no need for kind souls to offer free WiFi. Great, now I'm tempted to spend way too much time experimenting to find other banned phrases. :-P But sure enough, whether it's buried in a bunch of lorem ipsum or standing alone, that phrase will send your mail to the ether. It never showed in Junk, it just never came across the wire at all. Edit: this behavior goes in both directions, BTW; receive or send. I'd be willing to write it off as a one-time error on the part of some individual contributor, but what else will get your mail deleted? Since there are no checks in place for "rogue" ICs adding phrases on server-side, what will cause stuff to go missing tomorrow? The sent folder still works as expected. Oddly enough, offending emails even sync in the sent folder across devices. So Apple doesn't delete your original work (they'll even sync it for you), they just won't send it. Sadly, that went away in Mountain Lion. It looks like a bit of work to set up, but I might just adjust how I digest things and give this a shot: http://tabs.mediahackers.org . "Rivers" probably aren't going to have the archiving and what not that Google Reader or others will have (maybe, haven't looked that deeply) but most stuff I just read, or not, and move on. Not only is it linked in the article, it is very much a replay of the original Atlantic article. I didn't see a lot of added value in the article posted here, so just go read the Atlantic's. Similar to how I don't come to Hacker News to read about the list of things people don't come to Hacker News to read about. 478 pages, huh? A book on Scrum of that size seems to reflect my observation of some organizations that have implemented Scrum: little extras will be added along the way until it's no longer "agile" and just as unwieldy as the process it replaced. For an organization, that can be fine. Maybe Scrum is too simplistic, maybe it's missing a few pieces vital to your organization. Experiment, season to taste. But I believe that there often isn't enough thought put into how badly that seasoning is needed. Rather, someone along the chain says "but we don't have that thing from the old way", whether that old thing is vital or was nothing but a procedure weight around the neck of the team. As for a 478 page book, someone must have worked really hard to come up with enough fluff, diagrams, and humorous anecdotes to fill that many pages on something that's supposed to be "agile". An upvote to you for probably saying what I was trying to in a more succinct manner. Sprinkle a little "agile" on top and call it a day, rather than rework the way things are done. I don't drink (and for a variety of reasons), and I don't associate going to a bar with drinking alcohol. Yes, I understand that drinking alcohol is the main profit center of a bar. But if people want to go to a bar, fine we'll go to a bar and I'll have soft drinks or non-alcoholic beer (as long as it's not sucktacular O'Douls or the like). I can see the recently-sober recovering alcoholic being the sticking point here, and I don't have a good answer for that possibility. So maybe you have a good point. But for the religious/philosophic/recovering-but-far-enough-along-to-go-to-a-bar I don't see a problem. EDIT: now that I read the actual quote, it occurs to me that one can just throw out multiple options: drinks at a bar or coffee? The smart candidate picks coffee, drinker or teetotaler, to avoid the influence of alcohol in front of a potential employer. :-) I didn't bother reading the article because of that stupid sidebar thingy that chases you down the page. Maybe I'm the only person that finds it annoying, but there is nothing on the web I need to read so badly that I'm willing to put up with it these days. And, yeah, OnSwipe's starting to get on my nerves, too. And in a pathetic effort to remain on-topic, I'm unlikely to work at your company, either. Such window dressing over substance (I gather from comments that the article wasn't much) gives me a possible hint that my compensation may suffer the same fate. Bean bag chairs and a kegerator don't add to my 401K. It seems at least some on here know a bit about the company, and seem impressed by the concept at least. I know next to nothing about them, so let me give you the view of the proverbial "Joe Sixpack". Summary: I know of only one vendor that uses it, and LevelUp has to overcome my objections to using it right there at the point-of-sale. There's one restaurant that my wife and I go to that has the POS thingy. We live in Redmond, not exactly a town full of tech-averse folk. So problem #1 is: is it worth the trouble of signing up, dealing with one more daily email newsletter (because I forgot to uncheck the box), and having to get my phone out and find the app every time we eat there? Answer: a resounding "no". Problem #2: you have to sell me at the point-of-sale, because I frankly don't care enough to go look it up. What does LevelUp do, other than having a glowing thing that wants to have something to do with my phone? I have no idea, probably something to do with paying for my meal. If that's the only answer I can come with at the time of sale, I refer you to Problem #1. Problem #3: I know of only one vendor in tech-savvy Redmond, WA that uses it. Why even bother to dirty my inbox and the app screen of my phone? Problem #4: how's the user experience? Does it suck? Do rainbows and unicorns sprout from my phone when I use it? I have no idea. What I do know is that whipping out my credit card is quick and easy, and everyone involved in the transaction knows how to go through the motions. LevelUp competes against a known quantity, and that known quantity is actually pretty good. From reading the comments, I gather that there's some kind of rewards system. Hmm, first I knew of it (see POS sales problem). Not exactly a positive for me, as I'm growing tired of loyalty cards and variations thereof. So that's the view of a guy who knows almost nothing about LevelUp. Too much to fiddle with, and no perceived value for me. The server is definitely overloaded, and at a time when most of the U. S. is either in bed or thinking about heading home from the bar (except me, obviously). Granted, the rest of the awakened world can put the hurt on your server, but I'd prepare for when the East Coast wakes up. :-) > Just introduced the works of Iain M. Banks to a friend, so something happy does come from sad news. And I've just purchased Player of Games , maybe not based on your personal recommendation, but certainly on the collective recommendation since this news broke. Kind of a sad way to get introduced to an author, but OTOH I think it would be somewhat nice that even my impending death would lead to new readers of my work. I do feel like I'm the last geek/techy/nerd/HN/SlashDot reader on the planet to have heard of him, though. Especially if you are so large that you sell shares in company, then you have a LEGAL obligation to the shareholders to always take decisions that maximise profit over everything else I wish people would quit saying that. IANAL, but I never have found anything that definitively says that. It would seem that in the case of company sale or takeover, yes, the board has to "maximize shareholder value". But in day-to-day operations there is nothing stopping a company from saying, "we're not going to be assholes" at the expense of maximizing shareholder value. Shareholders don't like it? Sell your shares. As one example, I refer you to Costco, with profits capped at 15%, to the chagrin of some on Wall Street. As for the Jobs/Apple example, I sure hate to play the [citation needed] card, but I don't think he exactly said that Apple legally had its hands tied. EDIT: found my own citation. Jobs said nothing of the sort. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/22/business/apple-america-and... The article even quotes someone from the Labor Department as saying that companies used to use US workers at the expense of "maximizing shareholder value", without anyone going to jail, but they don't now. The finish clock on the video is correct, but it's very likely for third wave runners who started forty minutes after the first wave. So they finished in 4:09, but 4:49 from the start of the elite race. Made no sense to me at first because I was in the first wave, was walking back to my hotel 4:09 after my start, but heard nothing. Tacking on forty minutes makes the timeline add up, as I was napping by then (and wondering why sirens were interrupting my nap). I ran the race today, and my cellphone has been going off all day (within minutes of the incident, far as I can tell, up to my last call an hour ago) with family and friends checking on my status (which is fine). I'm not saying the service has been good for all, and thanks to RobSpectre for setting this up, but I can say at least some phones have worked all day. EDIT: mostly SMS, but at least a couple of incoming and outgoing calls without problems. I ran the prestigious marathon for the first time yesterday. I had a good race, set a new best time for recent years, and had a great experience. The only thing I would have been able to do yesterday was give blood, and that apparently wasn't needed. So there's nothing I can do, and fretting and worrying isn't going to change anything. Walking around scared isn't going to prevent anything. I sympathize with those affected, from those who lost friends and family to the thousands who were not allowed to finish the race. What I won't do is make the bombing the primary memory of the race. Sorry, bombers, you're not taking that away. I'll allow it to stand as a seperate, tragic event in my mind and deal with it from there. Today my wife and I will go walk the Freedom Trail just as we planned. Maybe we won't get into some (or any) of the monuments, but we're doing it regardless. I mean, what else are we supposed to do, huddle in our hotel room until our flight tomorrow? The breakfast place a block south of the closed off crime scene is open, so we're off to go get some food now. It may be hyperbole (probably not every design is a clone of something else), but a strong argument can be made that a number of designs, from the Blackjack to recent devices, are pretty good copies of something made by another company. Err, wait, I didn't get the subtle astroturfing joke, did I? Yeah, same here, from someone who's a fan otherwise. He's had some dogs, but the one that stood out to me was some weather app (not Dark Sky, which is excellent) a year or so ago. It was pretty, which I image is what caught his eye. Too bad it was crap for predicting the weather, or even getting the local temperature right for that matter. I really wondered if he ever used it for its intended purpose. Sounds like someone was just waiting for an excuse to dust off the ol' "jack-booted thugs" routine. One person's "cowering in fear" might be another's "staying the hell out of the way". The rest read so much like a canned response, I don't feel a need take apart the points (and I'm kind of sorry I bothered to read it). My response to the title is "duh". Setting out to hire a woman is , by the very definition of the word, discriminatory. For the moment, drop the legal aspects of the word "discrimination". Think more along the lines of hiring a designer versus a dev. That's discriminatory, too, but in a perfectly legal sense. In the end, though, one has made a distinction between those that design and those that write code. But if one needs a designer and not a dev, that discrimination needs to be made. Discriminating by gender, however, is not only of questionable legality, it can also make for a bad hire if one discriminates for gender above all else. Looping back to the topic of hiring women, it was good that he sought the feedback of his wife and his employee. Despite his noble goals, it sure struck me as creepy. "Do you have a vagina? Come work for us!" I read the article, but maybe I missed the part where he asked himself how the workforce got out of balance to begin with. I'm going to guess (given the attitude that he conveys) that he didn't set out to create a boy's club of brogrammers. Advertising in the wrong places? Maybe something in the interview process was more discriminatory than he thought? Something in the company that subtly doesn't appeal to women? An industry predominantly populated by those with penises? Look to identify problems like that, rather than running around where the girls hang out and blatantly recruit for chicks. If you already have a Synology box, what do you get with BS versus using Synology's own CloudStation? I've looked into BS, but I guess I'm not getting what I gain running it on my DS410. All that said, how is in-group preferential treatment any different than familial preferential treatment. The article mentioned giving away free tickets as an example. Maybe they're not all that different, just different forms of tribalism. I can certainly see it applying early last century in the U. S., when you're fresh off a visit to Ellis Island and the natives aren't particularly fond of you. If you don't watch out for each other, who else will? Further back in history such prejudices may have been more valuable when unfriendly tribes are just a short walk away. Same thing for family: the rest of the world isn't going to give us a leg up, so we best watch out for each other. Or maybe for both it's just familiarity. When you're a long way from home, I can see value in having someone around who understands your cultural background and speaks the language you grew up with. As for family, I'm probably not the one to ask. Mine is spread all over the U. S., and even if my sister lived next door I'd be just as likely to give courtside seats to a coworker as I would to her. Ah, thanks. With CloudStation, the Synology is a central box to which all devices sync, as opposed to the p2p nature of BS. If they remapped it, it wouldn't be an eject button anymore, would it? Then you would have no reason to be uncivil. Me, I'm fine with fn+Delete. Could be a "realignment of priorities", could be lagging sales, who knows? What I do know is that I've actively started avoiding EA games. I'm not a hard-core gamer, so I don't get terribly passionate about the actual and alleged sins of EA. But I think Battlefield 3 is going to be the last EA game I buy. Without going into a long spiel, it just feels like they're not satisfied with my $60 and make it too obvious in their grab for more. They're not the only ones, but they're the first ones I noticed and they continue to be the most blatant. Add to that the problems that so many of the games have upon release. I know Battlefield 3 had problems, and then there's the well-publicized Sims. Everyone I know that plays Madden complains every year when a new one comes out (yes, I do question why they continue to buy it). Perhaps I'm not the only one considering how badly I want to play a game when I stand a good chance of being frustrated with it at the start. Maybe I'll go outside instead. :-) I'm not so sure that all of the claims are true (or maybe just not well-explained) in that there exist "full cutoff" lights that don't direct light upward. The researchers' light may indeed be an improvement, but it was not made clear to me what it would be over existing full cutoff lights. Based on the illustration, maybe it has more to do with the light not scattering all over the place and therefore not reflecting off objects as much. It also seems to be an awful lot of "on paper" considering they haven't built a prototype. Finally, as I was searching for "full cutoff" to make sure I wasn't imagining it, I found this informative website on the subject of light pollution and solutions: http://www.lrc.rpi.edu/programs/NLPIP/lightingAnswers/lightP... Do your wife and daughters do those things for the same reasons as the author? If so, I'm curious about where you live. Because just a walk through the local mall (granted, affluent suburban Seattle) indicates to me that the fears of the author are not shared by the women in my area of the USA. I'm assuming the ad is for their production hydrogen fuel cell version, which I don't see listed on their site: http://www.extremetech.com/extreme/150202-first-production-h... At WWDC, the souvenir jacket is really cool. :) Most of the worth is not in the sessions, IMO, especially since post-session Q&A was done away with. Now you might as well just watch the video. But there's hallway networking, and access to Apple engineers in the labs (I'll bet the iCloud/Core Data folk will be particularly "popular" this year). Is it worth the nearly $3000 I'll have to pull out of my own pocket? This year I decided it wasn't. YMMV, and for over 5000 people it obviously does. The source for the chart is the RIAA (lower left, tiny gray print)? The data may be accurate, they may not, but I'll consider the source. The full article sounds a lot like a puff piece for the poor, beleaguered RIAA. Singles are killing the industry, except that singles drove a lot of the industry for decades. This is briefly mentioned in the article, followed by "but the music industry wised up in the '70s". And wise up they did. Slap a couple of singles on an album, populate the remainder with filler, charge more, profit. "...musicians will have to increasingly rely on touring, merchandise sales and endorsement deals to make up for lost album sales." Yes, yes they will, just like they've always done because of how RIAA members take the large part of the profits from record sales. Again, the only ones for whom anything changes are RIAA members. I just don't see how a shift wouldn't have happened one way or another. Blame iTunes all you want, but it's a hell of a lot better for profits than torrenting. At 99 cents I won't even bother starting the bit torrent client. At $15US for a CD that consists of the two songs I want, and the rest crap, you can bet I'll look at alternatives. And I have disposable income and am not afraid to spend it. You can forget about extracting money from the teenage market at $15US a pop, which will just torrent it when faced with the choice. There's a buggy whip analogy here somewhere, but I'm not going to try. It's the way things are, and it's not going to change no matter how many members of congress the RIAA tries to buy. labels do serve a real purpose and are a valuable player in the space I have no disagreement with that. The problem is that the RIAA, and by extension the labels, make it really hard to sympathize. I have a long list of things that aren't much individually, but it boils down to not treating customers with contempt. Logically, I know that labels offer value in the market. Emotionally, I view them as greedy bastards looking to screw everyone from artists to end-customers, as long as they get theirs. Emotion overwhelms logic, and the manifestation of that is when I see a chart such as the one in the article, I just can't bring myself to care much. In addition to the points that you made, there's the issue of source control as well. XIBs have always been a pain with source control, but if one insisted it was workable. I just haven't seen a way to make storyboards work with more than dev and not end up with someone going bald from pulling their hair out. The wisest words on loyalty I've heard came from my now 68 year old retired programmer mother: "my loyalty to the company goes until they cut a check on Friday, then we start over again on Monday." Add to that "when you hear 'here at Initech, we're like a family', don't take the job unless you want to be the family dog." So much for the loyalty of older generations. They knew how fast a company will screw you just as much as we do. Though my answer should be prefaced with having started at Microsoft in the 90s. Options I've received since then have returned goose eggs. I would argue that Microsoft has done fine without finding new ways for people to post pictures of food. Some of their products are so boring that people will run their business on those products. One can't do much about comments on websites, but man, secure your machines. I'm willing to bet that "hacking his email" consisted of firing up his Windows machine, opening the account with no password, and starting Outlook. Same for the nude photos. Yeah, yeah, "trust" and all that. I don't think my own wife of nearly 20 years has spent more than ten minutes total logged onto one of my accounts on any machine in our home. I trust her, she just doesn't need to, she has her own account. Random chick I've been dating who displays just a little bit of psycho bitch from time to time? Yeah, that machine gets locked down with a high-entropy password and she gets guest privileges. Just as a counter, I'll mention that I don't spend nearly the time on Slashdot that I used to. The signal-to-noise ratio has never been great, but lately it seems to have gotten particularly bad (or maybe it's just me). Since the Dice.com buyout the ads have grown increasingly obnoxious, with what appears to be an increase in "slashvertisements" to boot. What are you looking for? Science and technology? Cool startups? Articles on coding? Just a clone of HN, only different? I have my own list, but each item on the list is a bit specialized (IOW, maybe not of interest to you), and HN keeps me up in general. Maybe listing some specifics can help others point you in the right direction. This could be what pushes me to start Android development. I just traded one of my spare iPhone 4s for a Galaxy Nexus, and started to dig into dev. But from my admittedly brief foray, it looked like a lot more fiddling than I cared to undertake right now. Sure, I use a combination of vim, xcodebuild, and a small bit of Xcode now , but if Xcode didn't exist as an IDE when I started iOS/Mac dev I wonder how far I would've gotten. As soon as the download link for the Android IDE is published, I'll be taking a concerted look into it. at least now I'm approaching something resembling adulthood I don't have the problem of trying to negotiate on the fly which of the various intricate hiphop style handshakes we're executing. Don't be so sure. I'm in my 40s and run into this from time to time with informal settings, with full-grown adult males. It will be interesting to see what happens if rumored watches show up from larger companies. If that happens, I think Pebble is done. I have one, I like it (but I don't "love it!"). Pebble has demonstrated trouble with coordinating all of the moving pieces, from manufacturing to software and firmware. I don't fault them, it's a tough job, but their window is shrinking. At the moment they have yet to fulfill all of their Kickstarter backers, and I just don't see that happening until at least July. Those 600 "apps" the article mentions? They're just watch faces (and a few small games, I guess). Those were built with an alpha version of the watch face SDK, with the warning that your watch could be bricked if you install any of those 600 "apps". A real SDK with two-way communication with the watch is nowhere to be seen. Maybe that $15 million will allow them to get cracking on getting that SDK out the door. Without some real dev support, allowing them some real traction, I suspect they will suffer the same fate as Microsoft's SPOT watch. I do some things right-handed, some left. I manage to get along with wristwatches just fine. They're going to occasionally get in the way regardless. I'm hoping the Pebble will allow me to avoid having to buy a super expensive Triathlon watch. You can get a Garmin GPS watch for about $100. Less than a Pebble, and you can take it swimming. I wouldn't recommend taking your phone in the pool. :) RunKeeper integration is cool, and handy for those that already use it (or for those that already carry a phone while running, which I don't). But I'm not ditching my Garmin FR610 just yet. As for the unpairing problem, if it happens then I can never trust it. I had that happen a lot with my iPhone, but not with a Nexus running Android. Looks like a bug in iOS, but regardless of fault I can't trust it to keep me from missing phone calls or an email message when using iOS. These things will get worked out eventually, but for now I view as a kind of neat, if not entirely reliable, gadget that happens to tell time. But that's just my use case, YMMV. Not in WA. We got rid of a late-model Jaguar S-Type to make room for the Leaf. I'm glad we did. Cheaper to run, and just as much fun in different ways. The Leaf isn't as nicely appointed, but we've learned to live without a walnut dashboard. Luxury cars can start from the ground up. In the case of the Leaf, the first line is "start with a Nissan Versa..." Plus there are all kinds of trade-offs between aerodynamics, noise reduction, aesthetics, and cost. Me, I'm fine with the looks of the Leaf. But we also own the original Scion xB. Sadly, yes, the Leaf is selling like dog shit sandwiches. The Chevy Volt is doing a little better, apparently. I don't know if it's those weekly trips from SFO to LA that people raise as an objection to EVs, or because a gasoline car is the safe bet. After almost two years of ownership, I can't imagine why anyone with the means wouldn't buy an EV as at least a second car. At the time of purchase the Model S didn't exist. When pre-orders were being accepted I looked into putting a deposit down, but the signature editions were already sold out. Didn't feel like waiting for a lower-end model (higher-priced ones being built first), as we'd already been through the waiting game with the Leaf (I pre-ordered one on the first day Nissan took orders). No matter, we like our Leaf and that gives us some time to see what else Tesla comes up with. I wonder how common this is amongst retail investors: buying things they have no business buying. Whether it's an IPO or an options contract, there's a great deal of complexity behind many financial instruments, and just because your brokerage gives you the opportunity to pull the lever it doesn't mean you're qualified to do so. On the other hand, it's hard to work up sympathy for the woman in the story. Yes, she wasn't privy to behind-the-scenes details. But it sounds like she put less research into her $200K "investment" decision than she did with the last car she bought. The Atlantic may have left out the details of her late-night scouring of web pages for information, but as a proxy for retail investors in general it's probably accurate. Here's the only thing a retail investor needs to know about IPOs: FB isn't the exception, it's the rule. Buy an IPO on opening day and the vast majority of the time you're going to lose money. Why? (And I wish I could bold and underline this.) Because the IPO isn't to make you money. Stay the hell away from them unless you know what you're doing. And you probably don't. EDIT: maybe I'm mis-remembering, but didn't the problem of mobile users and ad revenue come out before the IPO day? Odd, just minutes ago that was the title (and was the only reason I clicked on it). I refresh and now it's shortened. I don't know about "link bait", though, as the title is now less appealing to me personally. The part you quote was not the only warning sign to stay away from the IPO. Just a quick search brought a whole page (published before IPO day) of reasons to stay away: http://www.zdnet.com/blog/feeds/facebook-ipo-risk-factors-an... . Regardless, big IPOs like Facebook are driven by hype, not sound financials. I'd be willing to bet that Facebook could have used 24 point type on their login page stating: "we're losing money hand over fist" and there would still be people lining up to pay $42/share when that bell rang. Were insiders withholding information? I'm not going to argue one way or another. How do you "know what you're doing"? Start by knowing that insiders would stick it to their own grandmothers if they could get ten cents more per share. But when one's whole strategy is to hope for a first day "pop", that's playing a lottery ticket, not investing (exhibit: Zynga). For one, if one buys after the opening bell, you're not going to profit from the pop, you are the pop. > the expectation is that the order is cancelled You need to adjust your expectations. When you enter an order, your only expectation should be that it gets filled, and not necessarily quickly (or at the price you'd like unless it's a limit order). Check with your broker, I'll guess that they make no guarantee about canceling orders. Using Fidelity as an example, when I cancel an order the page comes back with " attempting to cancel order" (emphasis mine). Someone fills the order before the cancellation makes it through? You just bought yourself some stock. Much ado about nothing, as the App Store will do diff updates, starting in iOS 6: http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/ipad/#qa/qa1779/_inde... So the author is about 9 months late with his complaint. I mean, assuming that is his complaint; he never explicitly says. Excellent catch, as I've given up on using the mini player and would have gone a long time without seeing the change had it not been pointed out. Apparently not, I clicked it. After a long wait all I get is a corrupt PDF...uh, oh. "Practically silent" means my wife will practically force me to buy one, as she (rightfully) complains about the jet engine turbines the launch day 360 uses for fans. I've been holding off buying a dedicated Blu-ray player, so that has some value. Don't care about Kinect, not enough room in the TV room. Don't care about being "connected" as I have enough Skype-enabled, etc. devices around the house. The hard questions are how Microsoft's ad service, er, Xbox Live will improve my experience. Right now I'm of the opinion that the XL experience has really gone down hill with poor UI and loaded with ads. How is the gaming experience? Is it really going to require "always on"? Do I have to physically hold up my controller to "raise a shield"? I just want to move my thumbs. Am I going to be nickeled-and-dimed with micro payments/DLC? My point is, this is the first time I'll make an actual decision about buying a new Xbox. Halo made the first one a no-brainer for me. I bought the 2nd because I still worked at MSFT, and I was a company man. This time there is the real possibility that I won't buy an Xbox One. Give recent trends, they better make sure the experience doesn't suck. But I see EA is on the stage right now, so I'm not optimistic. They have a legal obligation to their shareholders to maximise profits Please stop saying that. It's urban legend repeated by those that wish to excuse any corporate behavior. (I'm more than willing to change my stance as soon as someone provides a link backing up the "legal obligation" argument.) As a guy whose wife is trying to figure out what to do for my 50th birthday party, I would like to ask the author: WTF is wrong with you? A kid you see in person once a month sends a text about a job possibility that you proposed, and that calls for a snarky answer and a blog post bemoaning "these kids today"? The author grew up without cellphones and social networks? I grew up with a party line (look it up) and no computer until I was 17, and I fail to see what the big deal is. It's not like it was some random kid off the street. For my personal tastes, I'd rather the kid text me than call me. These kids today, making us real elderly curmudgeons look bad. Your "become a man" quip worries me just a bit. I'm going to assume that this isn't your first automotive repair. If it is, please don't start with brakes. Changing pads and rotors (I assume rotor because of the $700 quote) isn't hard, and there isn't much to screw up. But if you do screw up, there isn't much leeway. In other words, getting it wrong isn't a "oh, I'll have to fix that next weekend" moment. It's a "oh, my, "I only have rear brakes/why is my front wheel locked up/oops, should have tightened those lug nuts" moment. But if you know a 9/16" box end from a 10mm socket, then have fun and give it the same attention to detail that you would an important piece of coding. 1886 Columbia Standard highwheel bicycle, the ultimate hipster fixie. Yes, I ride it (though not all that often), including 100 mile rides. For computing tech it would have to be an Apple Newton. It isn't terribly old, but I gave up using my house to curate a computing museum years ago. Look scary? Just the media-hyped name alone is enough. I'd be willing to bet that the majority of Americans couldn't distinguish between an AK-47 and a Glock by sight alone. (I'd concede that it may not be a majority, but at least a surprisingly large number.) OS X because it obviously is useful for Mac and iOS work, but works well for everything else (except Windows, obviously, but a VM fixes that). XAMPP gives me a setup for playing around with LAMP, and iTerm and a Linode gets me going for dedicated Linux work. None of that would matter if I had to run OS X on crap hardware, but MacBooks make for some of the best laptops. The downside is that if you DO want to run on lesser hardware, you're out of luck without a lot of hassle. (I've done hackintosh in the past, and though fun to hack around, if your time is worth more than minimum wage you're not saving money.) Slot machines, FarmVille, Twitter feeds, I think they all work the same: push a button, you might get a reward. I'll leave it to the armchair psychologists (or even real ones) to put a label on it, but that's the commonality I see in my own behavior. Or maybe it's just the constant influx of stimulation, I don't know. What I do know is learning to sit and do nothing is valuable. When data-connected phones came out, I thought it a boon because never again would I need simply stand in line. I could check email, surf the web, fill that time with something of "value". Then I realized that, for me, checking a Twitter feed isn't of any more value than just standing there aware of what's going on around me. In NY state, I think the main cost of the house is going to be property taxes. I don't recall the rates, and don't care to look them up. But I do recall (when the subject has come up) that my sister-in-law in Alden, NY (small town 30 miles east of Buffalo) pays ridiculously high property taxes in comparison to what we pay here in Redmond, WA. "it's an era when RAID controllers were the size of a modern day sound card" That doesn't make much sense to me. For those that don't just use what's on the motherboard, even PCI cards are pretty small. RAID controllers that I remember, OTOH, were pretty beefy. Regardless, cool looking place. I'm glad they're able to make a go of it. I shouldn't have to agree to a contract for an OS I don't care to use in order to boot into the OS of my choice. Nor should I have to read the thing in order to see what I'm agreeing to just to boot into the OS of my choice. Make no mistake, I have not been one of the hand-wringers over this whole secure boot thing. But this recent development could turn me into one. Note that I commented above that I am in disagreement the way MSFT arranged this. However, to be fair to the one posing the question, the actual outcome of clicking through the EULA to install the OS of your choice is probably nothing (well, you won't be getting your money back for that Windows license). EULA or not, nothing will happen. It's "the principal of the thing". In this case, it's a pretty big matter of principal, though. Because of the way they finally handled the snafu, they effectively ended up with a short position. NASDAQ did not set out to hold a short position, but because of how they covered customers who couldn't cancel their orders they ended up short FB. (They covered those customers because they quit trying to valid order matching by accounting for cancelled orders. They just took cancelled orders out of the equation.) And folks should think long and hard about this before thinking about "not wanting to let the company down" and the like. Loyalty is too often a one-way street, and the direction is not from them to you. A few things I'd add that aren't directly related to the presentation itself, though the things could give you more confidence. It also keeps the audience from sitting there while you try to work around a single point of failure. 1. If you need slides, code or other digital assets, have them on your laptop, on a USB key, and a DVD. One or more of those will break, and you'll just fire up the alternate and go on your way. It's one less thing to worry about, and therefore: more confidence. 2. Prepare for anything to go wrong. If at all possible, know your presentation well enough, and practice it enough, that you could do it without any computing hardware and still make it at least somewhat compelling. It's unlikely that all of the equipment will die, but something might. Your laptop won't boot, borrow a computer and use what's on the USB key. The projector won't work? Just read it off your laptop and make do. Etc. I give hardware about 30 seconds to co-operate and then just say "screw it" and go on. No reason for the audience to sit there while I try to figure out which key combination switches video to go to the projector. Unfortunately, being able to just go on when a piece of HW goes awry comes from practice, I think, unless you're just a really confident speaker who can't be flustered. 3. Don't change your user account password the morning of a presentation. Your machine will lock and under the heat of the stage lighting you'll be rendered unable to remember your new password. Or so I've been told. But see #2. You're such a presentation boss that you didn't need to login to your machine anyway. I've used a iPhone since 2008, starting with the 3G. It wasn't until yesterday, after loading iOS 7, that I noticed the keyboard was always in caps. In fact, I thought it was bug in iOS 7. "Why in the hell is the keyboard all caps now? Surely it won't ship this way." Then I used my wife's iOS 6 phone and for the first time noticed that it's always been that way. There's something about the new UI/color scheme that brought this to my attention. Or maybe the shift key state isn't distinct enough to tell me whether it's caps or not (and hence I look at the keys to discern the difference, and they're of course no help). My point, on topic with your objection, is that I never even noticed the lack of lower case keys before iOS 7. So for me it's not something high on the list. The article raises a good point at the end: how much one saves versus gasoline is not the only point of consideration. I have a Leaf, glad we bought it, and we'd buy another one (or a Tesla, more likely). When we signed up on the first day Nissan took pre-orders, saving money on fuel was not high on our list of considerations. Simplicity of the mechanics, and voting with our dollars for an alternative means to propel ourselves down the road were top of the list. Someone needs to be an early adopter to get the ball rolling, and we had the means and the willingness to be one of them. Having the "gas station" in our garage turned out to be another advantage we grew to appreciate after the purchase. But saving money? I don't even know that we will after paying $32K for a tarted-up Nissan Versa, and we don't care. There are other, and better IMO, reasons to drive an EV. You got the option for the really nice stereo and sunroof in the car you bought, we got the option to not have to fill ours with gas. Just as it's nice to open the sunroof on a sunny day, it's nice to drive a nearly-silent car with lots of low-end torque that never sees the inside of a Jiffy Lube. On topic to saving money, I've noticed that Blink chargers now charge money, at a rate of $1.50/hour ($1 if you pay them $50/year). A Leaf can get about 13 miles/hour of charge. That's just a tad under three hours to equal the mileage our gasoline Scion xB gets on a gallon. So a little over $4/gallon to charge the car at the mall. We're paying more than gasoline at a Blink charger. Granted, we get the nice parking spot. :-) Well, if you're "installing it now" it's a little late to ask, isn't it? :-) I put it on my iPhone 5, which is my primary phone. Having been through many betas before, I'm prepared for some things to not work. Previously, mail, SMS, and phone functionality have always worked and that's what I expected this time. Those important functions work reliably in iOS7. I've restarted once because something in Safari locked the whole phone. Some apps are broken (Podcasts), or look wonky in spots (Find My Friends). Everything mostly works, though. Even the Pebble app to connect to the Pebble watch. I figured if anything would break, it would be that. If you want everything to work all of the time, never put the first iOS beta on your phone. Something is always not right. (Last year I was at WWDC, and the new maps app wouldn't render maps for me, just a grid. Not knowing SF that well, that was a major breaking change for me. ) Wait until beta 3 or so if you need reliability. I'm really curious about what they've come up with. The only practical way I can think to do this given what we have today is to swap cars. The current Model S, as far as I can tell, is in no way ready to do battery swapping in a reasonable amount of time. Could be, though; what do I know? EDIT: now that I look at the link you added, I stand corrected. From the exploded diagrams, et. al., that I saw it didn't look like it could be swapped out in five minutes. Tesla's designers obviously disagree. :-) And now that I view the link on a desktop browser, the one who posted it speculates that it's car sharing as well. Biggest as in "most boldly false from the start" or as in "dollar amount raised but didn't deliver"? If the latter, I think the secure USB key project was over $200K. Granted, I think the USB key folks started out hoping to make good. I'm not an old man, but I'm not young anymore, either. Maybe it's "these kids today", or maybe it's that I now live in an urban/suburban area much different than rural area where I grew up, and where I spent the start of my adult life. But for now the inability of those around me to fix things stands out to me. Fixing a leaking faucet, laying a laminate floor, putting a roof rack on a car, all of it gets hired out by nearly everyone I know. Or just throw stuff out and buy a new one. Maybe it's because we're all making good money now and choose to spend our time doing something else while someone gets paid to do the things we choose not to. Friends were going to put in laminate floor. I told them, "it's so easy, you'd be embarrassed to pay someone else to do it". They were going to pay someone anyway until the contractor flaked out. To their credit, with a lot of my tools and guidance, they went ahead and did the job, and got a lot of satisfaction out of it. I'm not lamenting anything. It's more an observation of how many in my current circle are surprised I can install my own garage door opener, and how it would be assumed I would of course do so by those around me not so many years ago. That's why you have a friend help. They can point out the eighteen ways it can go wrong. I mean, yeah, you could go it alone, and the internet is helpful, but it can turn out exactly like you say. I've helped friends with home projects where it turns out a trip to the hardware store is in order. More times than not I'll mention that "it looks like we'll need a whattzit and a hoozsnoggle while we're there" because the need for those items won't become evident until you come back home. Underestimate? No, I know how awry things can go. In our first house I noticed a leak in the basement under the toilet above. Wax ring, easy fix and cheap. Except it had been leaking a while, meaning a good piece of the subfloor had rotted. Up comes the carpet (who the hell thinks carpet in a house with men is a good idea in the bathroom?), might as well put in new linoleum on top of the new sub flooring. Since the floor's coming up, there's no better time to put in that sink the wife wanted. Somewhere in the process we discovered the wet drywalling under the shower stall. To the Depot for new drywall and shower stall! Weeks later I finished the job. All because a sixty-nine cent wax ring failed. That's a really good point, not only does it not get done DIY-style, it doesn't get passed on. I think that's where the problem lies with some of my friends: they don't even realize DIY is an option because they've never known anyone to do such things. It's one thing to think "yeah, I could do it but I choose not to" (I think it myself at times), it's another to not even know that a professional is not required. As for family time, and I say this as one without kids, if the kids are old enough I can't think of a more valuable way to spend time than teaching your kids to build something. I've often wondered how reliable the red light (indicating that the camera is on) is. What level of backdooring would be required for to turn on the camera without turning on the light? Chip level, I assume? I started out reading because I thought it might be interesting. I continued to read only to see what else they'd get wrong. Of the referenced things of which I have some knowledge and experience (Harley's and their owners, for example), they got it fundamentally wrong. I can only assume they were just as inaccurate with the things I don't know much about. To back my assertion, let's take Harley as an example. HOGs (which really are members of Harley's paid Harley Owners Group club, not Hells Angels members) were scaring off the well-to-do customers? The outlaw biker image is what kept HD in business. You may be an orthodontist during the week, but you can play dress-up and be a bad ass biker on the weekend. I don't when the lawyers were scars to buy a HD, but it hasn't been in the last 35 years that I've been riding. It seems like the author started out with a premise, and then either pulled facts to suit their point, distorted the facts, or just plain made shit up. The link takes me to a paywall. The non-paywall version is: http://stream.wsj.com/story/latest-headlines/SS-2-63399/SS-2... "It was a management position so there weren't any coding questions" Interesting; when I interviewed for a management position (test manager) it was nothing but coding questions, including the infamous "reverse a string" question. ("Would like that optimized for space or speed? In-place, or do I get a buffer? Can you tell I've heard this a zillion times before?") I can understand wanting a test manager to be more than an empty suit, but yoiks . Is it okay? Most would say "no", especially when applied to the metaphor that the blog writer is going for. Is it how the larger world works in many cases? Sadly, yes. I wondered about this a few years ago when my bus stop in Redmond, WA was moved temporarily and I had to walk by the police station to get to the bus. In the parking lot sat an armored personnel carrier. What in the hell does Redmond, a town of 50K at the time and about as low on crime as you're going to get, need with an APC? And what excuses does the PD find to use it? This in a town where one patrol cop, when interviewed during a ride-along by the local paper, stated that patrol is pretty boring in Redmond. At first I thought that they got it cheap or free, but it still costs money. Personnel have to be trained and regularly drilled, and maintenance isn't free. When money is being spent, it's going to get used. And I can't help but think of Barney Fife when I think of quiet little Redmond's PD running around in an APC. Cheaper, and in most cases it's good enough. I often read British motorcycle magazines, and I'm shocked at the anti-theft tips in the mags. Sure, you've got your usual tips on locking it when you're out. No biggie, I use a disc lock a lot of times myself, and wouldn't leave a bike on the streets of NYC without some serious locking equipment. But the difference really set in when one sportbike mag had a list of preferred baby monitors to use for the garage. That's for after the thief has broken into your garage ( could happen in the U. S.), and is now working on extracting the bike from the anchor that holds the bike to the floor (I don't think they even sell these in the U. S.) while you're in the house (in which case a thief stands a non-zero chance of being shot in the U. S). It does make me wonder what the hell is going on over there in Britain. I won't even try to explain what the difference is, but it has never even occurred to me to wonder if my windows can resist a hammer (I doubt they could, but have no idea). Granted, I live in a boring suburban town (see comment elsewhere: Redmond, WA). And when the Redmond SWAT team brings their APC and wants in, it won't take them long. And the bastards will probably shoot the two pit bulls before they realize they have the wrong house. A couple grand to put tires on the department's penisMobile, huh? sigh I think it's time to run for Redmond city council again. The question is: has any candidate for any city council ever won a seat after saying he'll cut the police department's budget? :-) Which might explain how police departments arrived at their current state to begin with. With a production of 250 units/month, I doubt I'll be able to get one any time soon. That's assuming I could even afford what is likely to be an insanely high price. Don't get too sentimental. The AT&T of your parent's generation and mine (which may intersect) is the Ma Bell of the monopoly days. I have never trusted AT&T any further than I could throw the whole lot of them. A half a dozen name changes and buyouts since has only increased my mistrust. As a member of the Amateur Radio Emergency Services [1], I sometimes question the need for such given modern, reliable digital radio available to government agencies. Then something like this happens. Still, a backup was made available, and what would the alternative be? Stick a ham in every cop car? (It's my understanding that it has been done.) In the end, though, Detroit had a backup system but no one tested it despite a maintenance contract? How many other systems does Motorola have out there that they're collecting money on but never test? [1] http://www.arrl.org/ares "The younger crowd is more likely to inquisitively understand computers better and realize they aren't just a dumb tool to be used to view facebook." Why would the younger crowd of the future be any more likely to want to understand the underlying workings of a computer than today's younger crowd who uses a computer to view Facebook? I would argue that, young or old, those who want to know how their appliances work will always be a small minority. https://developer.apple.com/devcenter/ios . But if you don't know that, then this post probably isn't relevant to you. Dividers? Oh, then you'd love the Trough o' Urine. Shoulder-to-shoulder while you let it flow into one big long shared container, no hang ups allowed, and no peeking. Available at finer concert venues and race tracks (and Washington state ferries, as I recall). Microsoft has been doing stack ranking long before 2006. I left in 2005'and attended stack rank meetings, where managers indirectly decide your review score before you even get the form from HR. it goes back to at least the late 90s, IIRC. There was certainly mention of "up or out", and a bad review or two would bring about the PIP stick (which seems to be only legal CYA before the firing, not for any hopes of real improvement). And, frankly, it was a long time ago and I haven't gone to any effort to remember details. I will say that in general it was as screwy and demotivating then as it is described to be now. It was based on a model proposed by Ballmer's hero Jack Welch. What Ballmer forgot is that Welch himself said the "trim the bottom 10%" model didn't work once a company got larger than a certain size. "Quinoa is a low-calorie, gluten-free, high-protein grain that tastes great ." (emphasis mine) I'm a vegetarian, high-mileage distance runner who has every reason to enjoy quinoa. "Tastes great" is not one of the reasons I eat it. I choke it down as best I can because it's good for me. Thanks for the ideas and the recipes. I'll admit that my experience has been off the Whole Foods food bar (and a few other places). It wasn't tasty enough to try at home, so I never bothered. Enough folks here tell me I'm crazy that I'll give it a go at preparing it myself. For the next episode of "Ask HN: food preparation", how about a way to make tempeh edible? That I have tried at home enough times that I gave up. :-) From the recipe alone, I think you have a winner. Thanks! I'd heard of the book, I guess I issued the part where it had recipes. Book ordered. Thanks for the pointer! "As for protecting your self against these, you need to use strong and good passwords..." I went back to the top to see when this was posted...today. I'm no expert on securing a server, but I thought the common thinking now was to just turn off password auth. The post itself says that all it takes is one weak password to be compromised. Using keys is ever-so-slightly less convenient at setup, but negligibly so. Works on any device I have. Is there a reason one would continue to use passwords? "What are the chances that Apple would just revoke all the keys used to build this app?" I'm going to guess the chances are near zero. Picture the lurking possibility that Apple revokes your developer key, essentially shutting down your business, because you merely built something on your own hardware that they didn't like. You didn't distribute it, the code never left your network, you just built it. I feel that every argument for "developers will never leave iOS even if Apple does..." goes out the window at that point. Okay, that I could see happening, and I wouldn't have much of a problem with it (abusing the enterprise keys and all). Perhaps I misread, as I took it to be asking about the general case of any dev who downloads source and clicks "Product/Run". More telling is that they requested that their own website be removed. To me that should be the headline. Which way does it go? Whichever way your wife says it goes. The recreational vehicle problem seems like a relatively easy fix, using something like the stops in the seatbelts of your car. Bumps lock the roll, but it disengages during gentle use. I'm not asking for anything. The article tries to make the case that HBO, et. al., are trying to take down open source software. Seems to me that they're not even error-checking what they're asking for, as is made evident by the request to delist their own site. Say what one will about Microsoft, I probably learned more there than anywhere else. Source control and how to branch/merge at scale. How to work cross-team relationships. How to work with people much smarter than I'll ever be. How to do a little political wrangling when necessary, and a bunch of other things I've probably forgotten. Having worked at several small companies since, it's disappointing how often I get to watch teams find out the hard way why things are done this way, or not that way. Sure, I will point out the potential folly along the way, but few care to hear it, and instead wish to invent their very own wheel because their case requires a special kind of roundness. The $300 I spent on a Logitech Harmony remote was worth every...damned...penny. Maybe your spouse/SO doesn't come to you because they can't figure out which combination of three remotes it takes to watch Netflix or play a game. Mine used to. And frankly, there's no reason she should have to do either one: come to me or figure out the incantation. I can figure it out, but I don't think I should have to, either. Nor should I have to keep four remotes lying around. I push "watch TV" and it casts the spell to use the Apple TV. "Play Xbox", and it switches everything around without fiddling. Gestures? Color me really, really skeptical that this will improve upon what I've got now. The remote (at least the Logitech Harmony) knows the state in which it last left the device. If that somehow gets toggled (it happens rarely at my house), there's a "help" button that basically toggles through the power states until you say "yeah, that fixed it". You can toggle the device yourself, obviously, but it's a good feature for the less technical in the house. First, I found the article to be weak, bordering on link bait. No real details, other than the mention of the electric scooter. "You can plug your phone in and...it'll do stuff." Additionally, no mention of the iPhone integration that Apple announced at WWDC. That aside, I'll wait until it shakes out and actually comes in a car I buy. The cynic in me sees a system of "partners" so that I get NASCAR on my car dash just like I can on some carrier phones, with no way to remove it. The optimist in me sees the LCD display on the dash as a satellite display for my phone (which is what I envision "iOS in the Car" to be). My Nissan Leaf (and other current cars) is so close to that now, what with Bluetooth music playback and call integration (Siri even works in the Leaf). Throw in a little AirPlay and we're good to go. Just leave out the proprietary bullshit and "partnerships", please. I just slapped it into Xcode and compiled using LLVM 4.2 (-std=gnu99), and it works fine. Using Xcode's LLVM GCC 4.2 setting (-std=gnu99 by default), it chokes. Conclusion: I kind of lost interest at this point. :-) I don't quickly know how to get it to compile using GCC, though. Good advice buried in the article: work for the experience, not for the money. I hear it time and again, someone talking about the equity they got and how "if it takes off..." much money they could make. Then I get to be the wet blanket that explains slim odds, how much 0.5% really is, and dilution. I do have one quibble with the author, and that's about how options make employees "owners". Eh, not quite. First, they have the option to be part owners. Second, the options you get as a grunt on the front lines are often not the same as the ones founders and VCs get. IOW, you'll get to go to the back of the line when payout time comes. It kind of was a Toyota plant in an earlier incarnation, the old GM-Toyota NUMMI plant: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NUMMI . Sports is just one part of overall package that explains why I no longer subscribe to satellite or cable: I don't feel I'm getting good value for my money. Summarizing what started out as a much longer paragraph, we were paying $80/month for a lot of crap, crap we would never care to watch. Buried in that $80/month somewhere was ESPN. AMC, however, continues to get our money. _Breaking Bad_ and _Mad Men_ are two shows that I just pre-pay for the seasons as soon as iTunes makes them available. I don't even know how much a season costs because I don't care; take my money, damn it. And we get episodes the day after they air. (_Walking Dead_, OTOH...meh, two season of that was enough.) TNT and _Falling Skies_, same thing: take my money. _House of Cards_ and _Arrested Development_ were enough to get me to come back to Netflix. I've got money, and a fair amount of it; I'm willing to pay for good programming. But what I won't do is pay a bunch of money for reality shows and ESPN. I don't want to hear sob stories about how it's just not financially feasible to do it any other way. Figure out a way, because I can live just fine with the TV I've got, or none at all. And if I'm just not the kind of TV customer anyone wants, I'm fine with that, too. The Surface RT experience was summed up best for me by the wife of a Microsoft employee and friend of mine: "it makes me feel stupid". I guess she'll be sticking with her iPad. Me, I didn't think it was that bad. Though I, too, wondered "why wouldn't I just buy and iPad?" Seems that's a question everyone else asked themselves. I realize that Zillow's "Zestimate" isn't exact in a lot of cases, but even at those firesale prices there appears to be a large gap between the asking price and the Zestimate. Me, you could give me the house and I still wouldn't live in Detroit. Or it could be that an 82% black population indicates $SOMETHING, rather than "black people killed Detroit". When Gary, IN started to fall apart with the steel mills closing, my theory was that the only people left were the ones too poor to get out. Could be the same with Detroit. Or not, I don't know. But the demographics remain, and a drive down Woodward Avenue will confirm the numbers. Correct, the iPad apparently does not make her feel stupid. Hence my following comment about how she'll probably be keeping her iPad. It would seem my wording made the answer obvious, but I'm open to suggestions on how it could have been more clear. Though multitasking and VMs on the AGC were a feat, that's not what amazes me. The IBM 360 demonstrated that both were possible at the time, and the AGC impressively did it on less hardware. What does amaze me is how long it took such things to come to the personal computer, and arguably how much DOS/early Windows held things back. Unix, with its multitasking, ran on PCs and Macs in the 80s, so we only waited 20 years after the 360 (and 15 after the AGC) for multitasking. But usable VMs didn't come (or at least weren't commonplace) until, what, mid-90s? 30 years after the 360, and 25 after the minimal AGC? What the heck took so long? I see up and down arrows, and I think you'll find my current karma level to be particularly relevant. I don't see how the referenced bug (Open Office won't print on Tuesdays) is an example. That's just a weird bug. A Heisenberg is more along the lines of the bug not repro'ing because injecting the debugger rejiggered memory, that weird offset is no longer present, and the bug goes away. Timing issues and race conditions could be other examples. Selective Availability hasn't been used for over a decade: http://www.gps.gov/systems/gps/modernization/sa/ Could be. Here on the Eastside of Seattle, I parked next to one at Cougar Mt. Park on Friday, and saw one driving around today. It would be a stretch to say that I see one every day, but there are plenty around here. (And, yes, some sightings are probably repeats.) No more or less affordable than a 7 series BMW. A $7500 Federal tax credit probably isn't what makes or breaks a decision to buy a $70K car. Hell, I still would have purchased our Leaf even if it didn't get the tax credit, and it was only $32K (and therefore the credit being a much larger percentage of price). Admit it, you didn't read the post, did you? Because if you did, I'm mystified as to how you came to the conclusion it was an ad. It's hardly a glowing post about Nissan's pleasant buying experience. Summary: the author's experience doesn't surprise me, as it mirrors mine in many respects. It's unfortunate that Nissan did so poorly with the deployment of the initial Leafs. I love ours, and would buy another one, except that every aspect of the buying experience has put me off ever buying another Nissan ever again. I'll repeat: I'll never buy another Nissan. Pre-ordering one was easy enough. After that, the experience went downhill. There were some production delays due to the tsunami, but they were going to have delays anyway, tsunami or not. I'll let that slide, it's a radically different car, things didn't go as planned; whatever. Finally the cars are being delivered. Months go by, and despite having pre-ordered on the first day, no Leaf in my driveway. Then I find out via online forums that people who ordered months after I did are picking up their car. That's completely unacceptable, but whatever, it's just a car. Eighteen months after I entered the initial pre-order, the car arrives and we're off to the dealership. That was probably the final straw for any future Nissan purchases. Despite having arranged a time to pick it up, and having waited eighteen months for the car, we shake hands with the salesman and...wait. After nearly an hour of standing around the dealership drooling over the GT, we are finally deemed worthy of the privilege of receiving the car. After the usual BS with the finance guy, we drive off. I'll reiterate that the car itself is great. It exceeded expectations, and after two years and 16K miles we've had zero trouble with it. But I'm not going to purchase another car from a company that fails at every step to delivery. I'm curious why the expectation was a loss of 17 cents. TSLA made a profit last quarter, what changed to not expect some of the same this quarter? As most (if not all) of the pre-orders are filled, perhaps there was worry that folks wouldn't buy them off the "showroom" floor? Oh, well, I obviously thought differently as I bought call options yesterday, as well as held on to the shares we already have. And I'm glad I did. :-) And yet it still takes three days to settle a trade (and practically, to put money in my pocket). There may be some rule that dictates this, but it's not like we are sending couriers over with stock certificates anymore. There's an awful lot of hand-waving going on in this article. A Leaf's range just magically doubles in "6-10 years" due to improvements in battery tech. More and faster chargers, despite the fact that Blink has filed for bankruptcy. Battery prices have "plenty of room to fall". There is little to back any of this up, and the solar panel idea just solidifies my thinking the author is engaging in wishful thinking. Range isn't going to get magically solved. A Macbook Air gets amazing battery life because of advances in getting more computing with fewer electrons, not because batteries are all that much better. In contrast, the energy required to push a car down the road isn't going to be reduced by orders of magnitude. So it's up to battery tech, which has been slow to advance. We'll see what happens with the charging infrastructure. Blink seems to having a hard time making a go of it, and their rates are pushing up against the cost of gasoline if one charges at the mall. I know of no reason for battery prices to fall. Maybe they will, but I wouldn't stake my reputation on it. Yes, electric cars are simple and require little maintenance. You know what else require little maintenance? My 2005 Scion xB. Tires, oil, and filters in 70K miles. The Leaf doesn't need oil and most filters, but to me those two things are trivial. If the Scion is typical of most Toyotas, by the time the Scion needs an engine rebuild, we'll have probably replaced the battery pack in the Leaf at least once. I love our Leaf, and I'd buy another one (or a Tesla). But to describe EVs as an inevitable future is to ignore or wish away the current limitations. Way back in the late 90s I had DirecTV and lived in a place that would fry anything with a phone jack if it wasn't unplugged during a thunderstorm. Lightening got the DTV box's phone circuitry (the rest of box worked fine) when we weren't home, and I didn't want to buy a new one. A buddy showed me how to hack the card with a reader/writer, and I was into the scene for a while (I continued to pay DTV their money each month; this was a hardware fix, not payment avoidance). It was fun working on something at such a low level. Far smarter folks than me were doing the actual hacks, but I had a grasp of what was going on. Very simplistically, the card acted like the cable TV filters on the side of your house, deciding what the box would and would not decode for your viewing pleasure. By the time Black Sunday rolled around, I had purchased a new box and gone "legit". But I did read about it, and was impressed by a very cleverly put together and well-timed hack to make all of those cards go poof . What TFA doesn't mention, and maybe I'm remembering it wrong, was that it was the hacks themselves that did the cards in. DTV couldn't rely on their code to be there, since the hacks modified it. So DTV anticipated what the hacks would be, waited for them all to be in place, then pulled the trigger. IOW, the hackers indirectly did it to themselves. The article is from 2008, the actual event goes back to 2001. Masses of comments from people one has never met, and likely never will meet, aren't much to be concerned about especially when the comments are based on a single picture with no context. We all quickly build stories based on a single glance or vastly incomplete information. "He looks like a douchebag marketing guy." "The way she walks, she's probably one of those types that...", etc. The really insecure among us go out of our way to post it online. That the Reddit folk built a huge narrative out of a single picture doesn't surprise me. My personal favorites are the anonymous internet tough guys: "if I ever met him in person, I'd punch him". No, you wouldn't. You'd walk on by in silence, thinking your snarky little thoughts and tell your friends about it later. Because you, sir, have likely never been the first to throw a punch in your entire life. I'm not saying one is wrong in feeling a little sting in such comments. Maybe it's too many years on Usenet, maybe it's spending way too much time on Xbox Live ( that will grow you a thick skin), but I just pay them no heed anymore and let them wallow in their insecurity. That's not to say that when my mother is referenced on Xbox Live that I don't point out that the 68 year old woman would probably love some time with a young, studly Call of Duty master like yourself. "it's interesting to see how readily internet nerds - the people who are disproportionately to have been bullied in the past - engage in it." My theory has been that the downtrodden are pissed because they're on the receiving end, not because it's wrong, evidenced by many examples of them engaging in the same behavior when the opportunity presents itself. Whether it's immigrant minorities or geeks/nerds, the pattern seems to come up time and again. "he suggested that his Buddhist religion can help him forgive those who have wronged him." Hmm, anyone care to count how many points he fails to get on the Eightfold Noble Path[0] scale during this incident? He goes on to complain that potential clients Google him and they don't get to see what a great guy he is. I would argue that the current Google search results give potential clients all of the information they require to make an informed decision when considering him as legal representation. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eightfold_Noble_Path Nor can I get it to work with either an iPad or iPhone 5 running iOS 7, using a MS BT Notebook mouse or Apple's own BT trackpad. The devices don't even see the pointing devices (or more accurately, they see them but they're not telling me in the UI). I've got an Apple BT mouse lying around somewhere that I'll try, but I doubt the results will change. I'm not the only one that chose that mobile OS, millions of others did, too. But, hey, if a restaurant wants to try and dictate my choice of technology, no hard feelings. There are plenty of other places to eat. And "simply install flash"? It doesn't work on iOS, it hasn't been supported on Android in over a year, and has stability issues on Jelly Bean. I could almost be convinced that you're being facetious...almost. I'm sure they taught this in the music theory class that I didn't take in high school. I learned it later. It does open up the world of music, in that it's one of the things that allows one to go from rote memorization to actually playing music. Ever wonder how how musicians play with others without having ever played the song? Now you know. I was going to comment on some inaccuracies and general misunderstandings in the article. Then I found this at the top of the page: http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2012/08/violations-of-edit... _Wired_ doesn't want his stuff anymore because, well, it's kind of crap journalism. This would great and worth consideration if helmets weren't disposable items. Obviously a crash will cause a write-off (and good luck convincing insurance your helmet was $2000). But helmets get stinky, they get dropped, they get exposed to UV. A five year replacement cycle is recommended by the Snell Foundation. [1] Okay, so $400/year; some folks will part with that. You'll cry real tears if you drop it hard enough to crack that carbon fiber shell. Then there's fit. Some people have a Shoei head, some an Arai head (helmet brands). For $2000, that sucker better not cause hot spots on my noggin. Replacement shields? Shields are consumables, IMO. And I want a dark one for sunny days, a light one for when I'm out after dark. I want a new one when the original gets scratched up. I like the idea, but a cool HUD is just one thing to consider when buying a helmet, and not high on my personal list if I'm wearing the thing up to twelve hours a day. [1] http://www.smf.org/helmetfaq#aWhyReplace Snell isn't the end-all of helmet certifications, and I consider it a myth that Snell is the best certification. I'd post a link to the Motorcycle Consumer News article on the topic if I knew where to begin to find it. It was incredibly in-depth article from about five or six years ago that concluded that no certification is right for all conditions, and DOT-only is arguably just fine. There are crashes where you'll be wishing the helmet were Snell-certified, and some where you'll come out better with DOT. Nope, with over 200K miles and multiple trips across the continental US (I don't care if I ever cross Nebraska again), I don't feel a whole lot differently. In a car, sure, I'll try to maximize efficiency and minimize stopping. On a bike, it's not going to ruin my day to pull over and take a 5 minute break to look at a map/phone. I'm not on a bike to be in a hurry, or even to hit a particular destination a lot of the time. I've used a GPS on a bike since the mid-late 90s. To me, the use case is completely different than in a car. I'm not driving a rental from the airport to the hotel, and I'm rarely trying to find something in a major city. On a bike the GPS is a nice-to-have tool. But it is not so essential that I'll spend a lot of money, or require it to be constantly displayed on my visor. Wait until you hit 40. I wonder if my old eyes could even focus the HUD at all. "How is this still a thing?!" Because the alternative costs $900 and doesn't fit in your pocket. Oh, I get what you're saying, I loved OneNote back when I had the old TabletPC. It's the best thing going, IMO. But I'm not spending that kind of money to run an OS I have no other use for, just to take notes. Make a $300 machine with a good digitizer that runs nothing but OneNote and I'd buy two. I hate slide decks with no context/speaker. I have only the vaguest idea what this is trying to say (and no idea why the internet has allegedly failed), and came away with no "call to action" other than to go click on something more interesting. Edit: oh, I see that I missed the original thread pointing to the useful URL: http://www.urbit.org . Bikes don't come out of the factory noisy, there are EPA limits in the US. They become noisy when some dork sticks an aftermarket pipe on it. There are also noise limits everywhere that I am aware of, those laws are just rarely enforced. Why that is, I have no idea. Seems like easy ticket money on a sunny day. As for the parent, if you're relying on your bike's noise to keep you out of trouble, you're an accident waiting to happen. Loud pipes don't save lives, paying attention and not riding like an ass does. dbuder, you're hell banned, for reasons that aren't obvious to me. But you said, "Most people fit aftermarket pipes for more power, that doesn't make them dorks." If there were some objective way to answer the question, I'd bet a large sum of real money that people fit aftermarket pipes to make more noise or a noise more to their liking. Even I have an aftermarket pipe, complete with a Power Commander module to make sure that the pipe actually does increase power, dyno'ed to make sure. But you wanna know the primary reason I put a pipe on my VFR? Because I don't want to ride around on something that sounds like a sewing machine (which stock Hondas typically do). I'd like to think the pipe is not obnoxious, though my neighbors might disagree. Except TouchID, from what I gather, actually works. Not "works" in the sense of keeping bad people out, but "works" in the sense that when I use it my phone unlocks. I tried face unlock briefly on the Google Nexus I've got and disabled it shortly after when I found that it was unreliable. Poor lighting, too much lighting, a bad hair day, it wasn't even at 80% for successful unlocks. At least CA's site is up and running. WA's site ( https://www.wahealthplanfinder.org ) has been down since the first. My project for down moments today is to try and determine how much it cost to develop. (Oops, I guess it's up now, just slow, and has an invalid cert.) Chrome on a Mac: works fine for me. It doesn't like Safari, however. Don't get your hopes up. The rest of us grunts still get to spend an entire day in front of a whiteboard at Apple, at least as of about a year ago. Maybe it's difficult to scale and there were some hard deadlines, but there was some shear incompetence, too. As evidence I present WA's system that is storing passwords in plain text, has off-by-one errors, and reveals system details when you encounter an error. That's what I found by creating an account and trying to log in (which I still can't do). Who knows what I'd find if I were trying. When my Merkur showed up, I was scared to use it. For me (and maybe your face is different), there was no need. I was really careful the first time, got comfortable with it, and haven't cut myself in over a year of use. I think one trick is to let the weight of the shaving head apply the pressure. Don't dig into your face like you might with a disposable. It takes a little more time, but I think that's because I now take the time to do a better job. For the same effort as a disposable, I think I'd still get a better shave. They just don't work for me. I'm an easy customer, too, as I can't grow a beard that doesn't look like fruit you let sit too long. Takes the same time as a razor, and gives a crap shave. I've tried several at various price levels, too. I'd be curious to know what characteristics make electrics work for some, but (apparently) not for most. They work great on a certain kind of face, or is it that those who love electrics just don't care as much about a close shave? I would like to think this would begin to gain ground against systems like Jira (oh, how I loathe thee). Sure, Phabricator is a bit of a pain in the ass to set up in its current state, but it seems to be head and shoulders above many in both features and ease-of-use (not to mention price). Because when you watched the movie Swordfish, you said to yourself, "that's how a real hacker does it" instead of "what a load of crap", right? Seems like smartphone noob syndrome. Look, it's a tool. Like any tool, it can used for good or used to satisfy your base instincts. For those without a smartphone, there have always been gossip rags at the grocery checkout line with which to fritter your time. If you don't want to be bothered by the beeps and farts of apps that think they need your attention, turn off the notifications. That phone doesn't just leap out of your pocket with the inbox displayed, there's active choice on the part of the user. Directions? I've always avoided asking locals for directions, as most people can barely get themselves to work and back (and I've been one of them when I worked downtown Seattle). Apple Maps has nothing on the local gas station for bad directions. People steal dumb phones; people will steal anything. You just don't cry as much when a feature phone walks off. Angry brogrammer sets up straw men aplenty, knocks them down. There will be no film later this evening. I don't know, there didn't seem to be any examples, just crying about how the girls were apparently mean to him. No real case seemed to be made. I half considered flagging it but...nah, let him have his day in the SV sun. Hope he brought sunscreen. I've known people in a bicycle club in their 70s who ride 100 mile rides a time or two a year. This being an antique bicycle club, that's 100 miles on an antique high wheeled bicycle. Fixed gear, and quite heavy. Outliers for sure, but those are just those who I personally know. My own parents, 71 for him and 68 (with an artificial knee) for her, will be touring Hungary next year. I don't think it'll be 100K per day, but it should be a healthy daily distance. I've done a fair amount of cross-country skiing, and am a locally-competitive distance runner. My guess is that if you've never even seen snow, your skiing efficiency will be poor enough that you can't finish (probably because "what's the point", not because you can't make the distance) or end up last against good skiers. Give it a few years, maybe your form will improve enough to be competitive. But it's not like running where you mostly just run. Time Machine will regularly (as in once a month or two for my household of Macs, sometimes in as little as a week) complain "Time Machine completed a verification of your backups. To improve reliability, Time Machine must create a new backup for you." Apple says don't backup to a NAS. Plenty of folks have reported problems. Thankfully it's easy to fix: http://www.garth.org/archives/2011,08,27,169,fix-time-machin... Getting it set up in the first place [0] keeps the selection of customers significantly smaller than those that are better off just buying a Time Capsule, or even sticking a USB drive onto an Airport Extreme (which I recall seemed to work fine). And Apple did say it's not supported. I wish they'd just fix it. IIRC, it worked reliably pre-Lion. EDIT: or for that matter, why not just bundle up the page I referenced into a nice app bundle with a pretty icon? A more significant problem is that Synology (which is what I use) is out there saying, "Time Machine: works great with a Synology NAS!". And it does work great...until it doesn't, and last I checked Synology has no docs on how to fix it. As for Mavericks, I'm pretty sure I've seen the problem on the one machine I have running the dev preview. Or maybe not, maybe it was before I put Mavericks on (I realize that's not terribly helpful information). The problem with saying whether it's better or not is that on my machines it may be a month or more before it rears its head. So it would take me six months or so before I could personally say that it's better for me. [0] http://hints.macworld.com/article.php?story=2007102817364274... It would seem that there's an easy solution. Strava knows the grade of a climb. If the segment has a negative incline, don't have a leader board. Otherwise it looks to me like they're just encouraging dangerous racing on a non-closed course. Breaking speed limits, running stop signs and lights: imagine Strava for motorcyclists and ask yourself how long that would last. I've hit more than 50mph on a bicycle plenty of times, but it sure as hell hasn't been in the Castro District of SF. The rider carries the responsibility of choosing an appropriate time and place for such antics, but let's not egg them on. (Odd, this exact link was on HN last night, and I'm the only one that commented on it: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6578639 . Should this be a dupe? Anyway...) It would seem that there's an easy solution. Strava knows the grade of a climb. If the segment has a negative incline, don't have a leader board. Otherwise it looks to me like they're just encouraging dangerous racing on a non-closed course. Breaking speed limits, running stop signs and lights: imagine Strava for motorcyclists and ask yourself how long that would last. I've hit more than 50mph on a bicycle plenty of times, but it sure as hell hasn't been in the Castro District of SF. The rider carries the responsibility of choosing an appropriate time and place for such antics, but let's not egg them on. That's because every KoM award I've ever heard of involved going up the hill(s). (Note: I know very little about MTB racing, maybe they have one for going down.) The downhill Strava segments strike me, and maybe this is a little mean or judgmental, as something to strive for if you're a Cat 6 [0] racer who can't climb. The first person described in the article was a mid-packer in an actual climbing competition. But when it came to tucking in and staying off the brakes, he could shine at least until tragedy struck. [0] http://bikesnobnyc.blogspot.com/2011/05/probing-for-answers-... We're dyin' over here in the Seattle area: Current weather in Redmond => 282.77 °F Maybe try metric? Current weather in Redmond => 282.77 °C Perhaps it doesn't know about Redmond, WA. Let's try Seattle: Current weather in Seattle => 286.5 °F It also seems to think it's sunny in Seattle right now. Umm, no. EDIT: ah, no space after the comma in your location, otherwise it thinks you're on the surface of Venus. > it is extremely common in the research literature to lazily conflate tobacco with nicotine. It is also assumed that the tobacco is burned. Sure, snuff can cause oral cancer (unlikely though it may be in comparison to cigarettes), but if you dodge the oral cancer bullet what are the other potential problems? I have no idea because everything I find conflates tobacco use with burning it and inhaling it. Smoking is bad, we get it. Smoking automotive tires is probably bad, too. How about the effects of tobacco itself, separate from the bad effects of burning something and inhaling it? Of course it's not like the bigger pack will be showing up in 2015 Leafs. I'm guessing the test version has no rear seats or trunk space. It also wasn't a test like "test this before it goes into production", the Leaf was modified for a race. A stock Leaf won't make an hour running flat out (electronically limited to 93mph). The bigger pack, as far as I can tell, was installed to make it more competitive. > In all likelihood the only non-electronic failsafe is the handbrake Not on my Nissan Leaf. The brake lever is a switch that turns what I assume (based on the noise) is a small motor to engage the rear brakes. As far as I can tell, everything is electronically controlled. Brakes, accelerator, "ignition", "transmission" (both in quotes because the Leaf really has neither), parking brake. If there's a firmware failure, there's not a mechanically-operated fail safe to save me. >> They haven't sent out the notifications to members yet, it seems. I just had an email pop into my inbox. Sad, indeed; I really enjoyed using it and paid money to help ensure they stuck around. I guess not enough folk felt the way I did. :-( Having to filter the scams from the genuine charities may be the excuse, but I have doubts. Any metropolitan area has a number of local charities you can check out for yourself. Animal shelters would love to have potential donors swing by for a visit, as would local homeless shelters (serve some dinner while you're there). Keep it local if you wonder about the credibility of the "Penguins with Cleft Palates Foundation". Yes, swinging by your local Boys and Girls Club takes a bit more effort, but I don't think that extra effort accounts for all of the 75%. So what does? Speaking for myself, I think a lot of times we just don't think about it. Or I see a worthy charity I like and I'll, umm, do that later (and later never comes). Regardless, omakasecharity.org is bookmarked, and a reminder added to my phone that will go off when I'm home so I'll click the site's "buy" button. > From my own experience, many don't give because they don't want to. Good point; despite many being flush with money some can be notoriously stingy. Of course, it's the stuff of proverbs that the most well-off give less freely than those with less. The book supposedly had an editor, but there's more to editing than checking for typos. Random sampling: (about a co-worker who felt he was underpaid) "He did not need the money anyways. After taxes, he couldn't even fuel his car." Does that make sense to anyone else? I haven't read the whole thing yet, and frankly don't know if I'll make it through. The book rambles along, and its cohesion seems to be lacking. I hesitate to ding anyone's hard work, but in retrospect I'd rather to have paid about half of the $20USD I spent on it. >> Twice now they've had a door-to-door salesman come around trying to sell it. Only twice? I've got Frontier FIOS (what used to be Verizon), and I'll bet Comcast is at my door at least once a month. Add to that the flyers that constantly come in the mail. On a side note related to the mailings, I've opened a few to see if they have a better deal than Frontier. Sure, it's almost free for six months, but good luck finding out what the rate goes to after the first six months. Check the fine print of the flyer, check the web site, damned if I can find it. Yeah, I think I'll pass. >>When was the last time you saw a car accident on the news where the car burst into flames ? Last month, right here in Seattle: http://www.king5.com/traffic/news/Collision-causes-car-fire-... >>It's working, right down to the prediction that I'd be called a troll within 30 minutes Making the same argument multiple times in a thread turns this into a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy. You can post all disclaimers you want, and for the moment I'll assume what you say is true, but it won't make me use FB to log in. Despite all of those disclaimers, the login mechanism to which you've tied your app has proven multiple times to be untrustworthy. In other words, personally speaking, it's not you that I don't trust, it's FB. I'd go out on a limb to say that's probably what the grandparent poster meant, too. I know, I know, blah, blah, blah, but I don't want to do the mental exercise of walking through the scenarios. "Okay, Prime has convinced me it's trustworthy, but how could FB hose me? Well, they could...". It's easier to just not use the app. And I want to use the app. On first run it complained that I didn't have permission to , then quit with "could not initialize data store". A reboot fixed it (and hence the reason I don't have the exact error message). I'll give it a whirl. It seems like Mavericks is all too frequently popping something in my face and my magpie tendency is to go see what it is. (Yes, I know how to turn it off in stock Mavericks; I don't like how that works, either.) I wonder if a more appropriate title wouldn't be "How I Got Banned in the First Place". How the author got unbanned isn't really as helpful to know as what he did to get banned to begin with. Seems kind of ho-hum in that it reads a lot like AT&T's current policy for unlocking. Perhaps other carriers are different, and hence the reason this would be a big deal. But read it, it's not saying the carriers would have to unlock two days into a two year contract. No, the contract must be fulfilled or the ETF paid. They wouldn't have to unlock just because you say so. As always, if you want an unlocked phone, then buy an unlocked phone. Plenty of places sell them. WMP is why I bought an iPod. As a Microsft employee at the time, I struggled longer than any mortal should to get WMP to sync music to my 2003-era Windows Phone. I eventually realized that any kind of synchronization and general usefulness in using WMP with a Windows Phone was nothing but marketing lies. So one day I said, "get in the car, honey, we're going to buy iPods." iPods led to iPhones, which led to iOS development and Macs, to the point that there are no more Windows machines in the house and I haven't done Windows development in about five years. All kicked off by the fact that MSFT couldn't make a software music player that didn't suck. Man, some of those are so bad I had to buy one! The testimonials are well worth a click, BTW. Oh, I don't know, quite a few live up to the sales pitch. http://www.horriblelogos.com/hay-wire/ Hmm, I think it looks better than my Leaf. That's not saying much, I'll grant you. Arguably better looking than a Leaf, similar range, and what looks to be a better (if smaller) interior. The question then becomes whether it's worth US$15K more than a Leaf. Were I buying again today, if I didn't go with the lower-cost Leaf (which I already have), I'd be tempted to just make the price jump to a Tesla. But that's not a small price jump so maybe they'll find a market to grow in to. Sounds a lot like a place I was at for a bit. My observation was that the noisy people killed productivity for the whole place. Not only because no one else could focus enough to get work done, but also because the noisy ones never really did anything (yes, I checked commit logs). Passing cat video links around, playing music through laptop speakers("your headphones broken, bro?"), bro-style fist bumps because they put a sheen on a button, but no real actual coding. For coders, check commit logs and the like. They can email cat video links to each other all day long for all I care, but if their last commit was last week then we've got a problem. IOW, you don't cut down on the shenanigans, you make sure the work is getting done. As it often turns out, if there's a lot of cat video links there probably isn't a lot of work and vice versa. Were I appointed to be king, if you're noisy then STFU, full stop, whether you're getting your work done or not. Indoor voices, people, or take it somewhere else. Cocoa isn't ObjC, it's an Apple-specific framework. Granted, that's a bit of a nit-pick considering the answer to your 2nd question. But ObjC was around before NeXT showed up. For that $50 they could have just given you one of those little RSA key fobs (or equivalent). Assuming their goal is increased security, that is. OTOH, if it's just "offers from our partners" spam, I'd ditch them immediately. That's the kind of crap I expect from free file sharing sites or something, not the entity that holds my money. > In fact, I had no idea Esc stopped page loads. Has that been a standard thing too? Has been as long as I can remember. Not that I use it much anymore with fat pipes (in comparison to a 9600 baud modem) being commonplace. It's how I get around the "you exceeded your article reads for the day/week/month, subscribe to read the article" of the Seattle Times. The content's hiding right behind that popup. Feedly's "remove clutter" button in their iOS app works equally well. Not just three chars, but three capital chars. I remapped caps lock to be the ctrl key, and didn't put caps lock to another key because I rarely use it anyway. For standard key mappings one still needs to hit caps lock or hold shift while typing. Is the change revolutionary? Will it totally revitalize my workflow? No, but it's a nice-to-have. As for your scary example, if you don't like using "@" as an alias for HEAD, don't do it. No, the poster is setting up the same tired argument that is raised since the iPod came out: it's not a USB media device out of the box. That is by design, and likely for reasons other than to "restrict our freedomz!". I don't want to use a file manager to organize my music, I'll take an iPod/iPhone, please. You may feel differently, so you might want to take a look at the fine music players on the market. Or just suck it up and install the app on your iPhone. As far as I can tell, it's not a conundrum that many software engineers will face. As for the U. S., the worst that's going to happen is that one goes and finds another job. In the worst imaginable case (that is very unlikely to happen), one begs at an exit ramp off the interstate highway. Oh, you'll sacrifice some pride, but you won't starve. The most likely case is that the person doesn't say "your family needs to eat", but rather "I'll have to explain why we gave up the leased BMW and the kids aren't getting iPads for Christmas" (or pick your own lifestyle impact that doesn't involve going without food). Maybe India is different, Europe I'm inclined to believe not so different. Few of us will have to explain to our children that they are hungry because Mommy didn't take that job at Lockheed Martin. As I would tell my father as we passed a pig farm, "yeah, but it's not the smell of my money." Same here. I keep hearing that platitude, and have yet to come across a company that will cough up the numbers. I've decided it's one of those things that sounds good on the face of it, makes sense, but isn't really true. But your final sentence is the best advice: treat the options as a potential windfall, but don't otherwise factor them into your decision. An internship is a fit assessment that goes both ways. You and Amazon mutually agreed that it wasn't a good fit (Amazon wanted someone that worked silly hours, and you didn't want to work somewhere which measures you by hours worked). Congratulations on a successful internship. "If you've bought something you should be able to do whatever you want with it, whether it’s modifying it, or unlocking it. You shouldn't need a massive corporation's permission." If you think $200 buys you an iPhone, you're sadly deluded. "$200 with 2 year contract" means you haven't bought anything, you're still paying the mortgage with every phone bill. If you want to buy something and "do whatever you want with it", Apple, Google, and a host of others will sell you an unlocked phone. And it will cost a bit more than $200 (though the Nexus 5at $349 isn't too far off). On the other hand, if you're fed up with your carrier and would like to switch, you're free to do so. I just did it with AT&T. Walked into a T-Mobile store, asked them to transfer our numbers. The next day I called AT&T and asked, "how much do I owe for the ETF?" I paid the $225/phone (that's how fed up with AT&T I was) over the phone with AT&T. Wait a few days for their accounting system to catch up, go to the web page and enter the IMEI for both phones, and two days later the phones are unlocked. Slapped the T-Mobile SIMs into the iPhones and we were on the air. I just don't get the sentiment of "unlock my free-with-contract phone two months into my contract, you bastards!" It's not your phone. Now, if Verizon, Sprint, or $YOUR_CARRIER don't as readily unlock your phone as AT&T after you pay the ETF or your contract is up, I'll stand with you in your complaint. Otherwise, I don't see the issue. I think that's a fair argument, and one of the reasons I switched to T-Mobile. With AT&T, et. al., if you don't get a new phone in the same month that your contract ends you're getting screwed on your next bill. That's disappointing. Is there a reason you didn't just buy an unlocked iPhone directly from Apple? Or did you assume (just as I would have) that because you paid full price it would be unlocked? I see they trotted out the ol' "vinyl is better" argument. Pity they put so much time and money into something, and then dictated that it would only be used with a medium of inferior fidelity. People say that to justify the "yea, capitalism!" statement that is about to follow. But it's not true. Google doesn't have an obligation to do squat, at least not legally (and most who claim this use the phrase "legal obligation"). Sure, the board can vote out some C-levels (maybe), but no one is going to jail. The next time you hear someone make that claim, know that what follows is likely as equally uninformed or follows an agenda. > Besides, maybe letting contractors take food home is too expensive for the company. Maybe they couldn't afford free food at all if they give to EVERYONE. It's because a company needs to keep a very clear distinction between employees and not-employees. If a to-go box is an employee benefit, and those boxes are given to contractors who are not employees, then there is the risk that a court will decide that the not-employee is indeed an employee. After that the employee says, "where are my retroactive stock options?" For reference, see Microsoft in the 90s. $500 video card, huh? After complaining that $500 for the XBone was a little pricey (I bought one anyway), building my own got just a tad less appealing. I will be interested to see how much volume pricing brings down the final price at release. I never mentioned price/performance at all. I also don't know anyone at Sony that can get me PS4 games at half price, so there's TCO and more than just the initial price. And my TV is 720p, so 1080p doesn't matter right now. Other than that, you were spot-on with your assumptions. Ah, thanks for clarifying. I have not been following all that closely, despite having an interest, and took the iFixIt build to be the blessed standard to be followed by all others. A friend had never seen _2001_, so we watched it just last night. As I read I thought I heard Haywood Floyd's saying, "Its origin and purpose are still a total mystery." I've given a serious look at moving from Seattle/Redmond to somewhere in Oregon outside of Portland. I'd love to live in Eugene. As a runner, that place seems like Disneyland. But as you say, the town doesn't seem to have made much effort to be even a very good college town, let alone have much else going on. I could still live there, but tech jobs are a bit slim. If anyplace in Oregon were to be Boulder, I'd say Bend has the best shot. Granted, it's an outsider's point of view, but I think it's closer to mountains and at a bit of elevation. Seems like more athletic stuff going on, bigger cycling community and the like. On the downside, it seems as if that main road through town becomes more and more of one giant strip mall. Job-wise, seems like there a few more opportunities than Eugene. Portland? Plenty going on there, and between Seattle and Portland I'd choose Portland. Seattle wants to be quirky and hip, but doesn't pull it off as well as Portland, IMO. Portland's smaller, too, but seems to have enough going on to satisfy my tastes. In the end, though, I could find a new job next week in the Seattle area. I lose a job in Eugene or Bend, I'm screwed. That's okay, the Seattle area is nice, too. Yeah, everyone else wants to move to a place like that, too, myself included. Which is why you won't find anywhere like that in the US with a low cost of living. San Diego is also somewhat unique. 72F and dry year-round? Other than San Diego I'd be hard-pressed to think of such a place. It's not pedantry when your simplification is off by at least an order of magnitude. Believe it or not, an error that large could make a difference in the calculation. And because you "simply" forgot to include maintenance and property taxes, you end up being just plain wrong. In reality, a house is a money pit in the first years of the mortgage. Whereas in your simplified example it looks to be a good deal because it's assumed one is gaining $10K in equity every year. Access is a horrible example (they still sell it, and it still works), and you have so many better ones to choose from. WinForms, Silverlight, and..., hmm that's all that really come to mind. Maybe FoxPro, but MSFT didn't create it and everyone expected them to kill it when they bought it (they kept it around for over ten years after). And "M$"? Am I going to have to go find the link to that Penny Arcade cartoon? No one is missing out, at least not yet, and I don't think they'll miss out any time soon. I say this as a person who has a Nest thermostat, Philips Hue lights, and a Nissan Leaf. All of those items can be remotely accessed with my phone. I've never fiddled with the Nest when I'm not home (turned the heat down from bed once. Once, because I could.) With the lights I have no choice but to control them from the phone. But that was my choice to buy lights that require a computer to control. I can remotely turn the heat or A/C on in the Leaf, start charging, or check status. When the free 3 years is up on that feature, I would only pay a pittance to continue service. Let's also consider that the Nest is $279, the Hue lights run $60 per bulb , and the Leaf is a $30K car (all in USD). If you can afford those, you can afford an iPhone. The author thinks there's a gap that doesn't exist, and my guess is that is because he lives surrounded by that remotely-controlled world (and perhaps helps create products to fit that world). Let me give another side to it: it's a pain in the ass. Fire up the phone, unlock it, go find the app, fiddle with the controls...all to just turn on a light in the living room or turn up the heat. Yes, pity the po' folk who are reduced to walking over and flipping a light switch. No one is missing out. The title is accurate in the app-controlled world is closed to those without the devices. But I don't buy the argument that one gains an advantage by living in that world. As it stands now, it's a nice-to-have world of expensive devices that fit well with the smartphone you already have. Let's wring our hands when app-only devices like door locks and thermostats become commodities and the devices to control them are still expensive. I predict it won't happen, as the price of smart door locks comes down so will the price of smartphones. Rather than miss the point, I think I just avoided it. I guess it was the opening ("we can unlock our doors with a phone, but what about the poor?") and his implication that it will all soon be nothing but iPhones (because that's the biggest market, the author alleges, which isn't even accurate if one isn't selling the app itself for money). > At the same time, as technology advances, tools and services that the poor relied on (e.g. payphones, print newspapers, and coin-operated parking meters) are declining in availability. Those are actually good examples that are actually being displaced and for which no cheap option exists, and might have better made the author's point in the opening. I just don't see cheap lightbulbs being displaced by $60 Hue bulbs any time soon. Thanks for the differing perspective. Of the three states I've lived in (IN, NC, WA) the law has been FIFO. The tie-breaker for two cars arriving at the intersection (defined as coming to a complete stop) at the same time is "yield to the right" as you note. Are you sure you're not confusing the latter with the general law? Laws seldom have any piece that is "a little fuzzy" and are generally well defined. When's the last time you took a driving test of any sort (assuming you live in the US)? I've lived in WA for 13 years. I took the "written" (scare quotes because it was computerized) test to get my WA license when I moved here, and took the eye "exam" (scare quotes because how bad would your eyes have to be to fail?). In the 13 years since, I've had my eyes tested exactly once at the DMV. No written tests since, so I could forget or misremember a lot in those 13 years. The last time anyone has tested my abilities behind the wheel can be measured in decades. It's a wonder we're not plowing into each other more often. The Oregon law in the link is practically useless for making a determination pertaining to four-way stops (it looks like it might be referring to two-way stops with cross traffic). Whatever, maybe you quoted the wrong statute, I thought to myself, or maybe my not-a-lawyer brain just can't parse it. Let's go to the OR drivers manual! "At any intersection with stop signs in all four directions, it is common courtesy to allow the driver who stops first to go first." Good Gawd, "common courtesy"?! What's wrong with your lawmakers down there? So I stand corrected. Apparently not every state has this clearly defined. (As an example of a state that does clearly define it, first thing I find on Google is Michigan, which matches exactly what I described: http://www.mlive.com/news/index.ssf/2011/05/traffic_talk_wha... ) I'm surprised that this is news, in that "contractor fails to deliver, customer doesn't pay" should be a headline in the Boston Globe. A month or so ago I heard more than one story about how (as of mid-late November) Oregon's healthcare site had yet to sign up a single person. What I didn't hear was, "Oregon officials confirmed today that they tore up Oracle's (the contractor for OR) invoice as soon as it arrived". I understand that there's probably plenty of room for finger-pointing from both sides in these stories, and that's the story I want to hear. Who gave bad/late specs? Who wasn't delivering? Was it a combination of both, and what was the ratio? Right, indeed. It keeps me thin, keeps my blood pressure down, and it gives me the fitness to do other things...just like sitting in a chair does. People get sick after a marathon because on that particular day they've added a high level of physical stress that lowers immunity. Don't worry, they'll get better, and probably come back better for it (look up "training effect"). I'm pro-marathon until it heads into five hour territory, then I'm convinced one should work on bringing down that half-marathon time rather than seeing if one can survive shuffling 26 miles. Elitist attitude it may be, but I just don't think you're doing yourself any good going into it so woefully unprepared that it takes you that long. Their advice is to hold off on buying. I wish I had. Call of Duty Ghosts was a huge disappointment, Battlefield 4 crashed so often it wasn't worth playing, and the rest of the launch titles were pretty "meh" to me. Until BF4 got patched, I had a $500 Blu-Ray player (which is nice, as I had not previously had Blu-Ray. Bit pricey for just a player, though). Kinect voice command is unreliable enough to be a last resort. The party system, that has worked fine for going on ten years, works poorly enough now that I'd call it broken. I'd go on, but suffice it to say that I'm a bit disappointed and would recommend holding off until MSFT works the kinks out and lowers the price. > However, now I am stuck between choosing between what is good for ME and what is good for OTHERS. What is more important? Question of the ages, that is. I tend toward contributing toward the general good as best I know how. But I came to that conclusion through a fair bit of contemplation, some selfish living (which still continues in degrees), and philosophical and religious thought. (And I'm still no Ghandi, I can play the part of "self-centered asshole" pretty well, and regularly.) In short, it's a journey you get to take all on your own, no one else will figure it out for you. Keep in mind, too, that the two choices you laid out are not at odds with each other. As a personal example, I volunteer at an animal shelter. My wife and I walk homeless dogs, pick up their poop, and take some to training classes if it would make them more adoptable. For dogs that have been there a while, we'll take them on field trips to the park, maybe stop by Wendy's for a burger and fries. We'll each put in at least 100, sometimes over 200 hours/year there. We give the shelter arse loads of money (yea, high tech salaries!) We do it because we believe if we (society) have domesticated the animals, we have a responsibility to see that they are taken care of and treated humanely. Damned noble of us, eh? Except I find it to be a hell of a lot of fun to hang out with the mutts, teach them commands so that they're civilized members of society, go run around in the mud at the park, and ultimately see them get adopted. It ain't all selfless. Dishing up food at a homeless shelter? Makes you feel good, right? That you're doing the "right" thing? It's still about you, because of how it makes you feel, or that you think that you are doing what's "right". Ultimately you should be removed entirely, and it's done because it's what the world needs right now. I'm still a long way from that ideal, but I keep trying. In the mean time at least some effort is expended toward making the world a little better, whatever the motivation may be. I voted "everyday", even though it's really 5-6 times/week (which is more than a "few times", IMO). Though I walk the dogs 30 minutes or more every single day (because I don't like my house chewed to shreds), so maybe it really is every day. But what I count as exercise is 3-4 commutes to work on the bicycle and 3-5 runs every week. I'm going to try the new Xbox Fitness app, both out of curiosity of how well the Kinect does, and because running doesn't do much for rock-hard abs and beefy biceps. Thanks, Captain Obvious. Now that we've established that the campaign is childish, can we move on to the question of whether it's working? I viewed the "Mac vs. PC" Apple ads to be a bit childish (and it's almost all Macs and iOS at our house), but folks seemed to like them. Can the same be said for "Scroogled"? Of the one or two I've seen, I think I'd go out of my way to avoid the MSFT product out of spite. But that's just me. Maybe my judgement of what people like is as poor as it was for the Apple campaign. What was it, _South Park_ that did the "Simpsons did it" episode? Thinking about some of the things that came along 20 or 30 years later remind of that. Virtual machines? OS/360 did it. Virtual memory? OS/360 did it. Non-executable data? OS/360 did it. I was a security lead for a product while at Microsoft when the NX was being implemented, and wondered at the time why it took 35 years to get around to that. (I've never worked on a 360, but did some work its successor the 370 and OS/370 some many years ago.) Even the Burroughs had multitasking before then, in the early 60s. And how can you not like a system with a "HEYU" instruction to interrupt other processors? Never had access to those that could give an informed answer. As cliffban says, probably not much of a need. But if I had to pick a reason, and it would be a reason based on no inside knowledge, it's that the 8086 was a stop-gap design until the Intel iAPX 432 came out. The 432 had a lot of capabilities that mainframes took for granted, including segregation between data and executable code. Problem was that the 432 was so over-designed (which made it slow, for one problem) that it never saw production. So everyone just kind of settled on x86 and close to forty years later we're stuck with the 8086 legacy. I can't think of any place I've worked in the last 15 years that didn't start with at least three weeks vacation and a couple weeks sick time. Then again, I may be just self-filtering out those places by not even interviewing at the kind of place that would give two weeks vacation. 'cause if we got to the offer stage and I was offered two weeks vacation, I'd laugh and walk out. I don't deny that there are probably plenty of places that offer 2 weeks to start. But I took the context to be professional software positions. But even assuming that context, it would appear from the comments that even 2 weeks can be too much to expect. May it's a geographical function as well. I don't know that you could hire anyone to write code in the Seattle area without giving at least three weeks. And "release all claims" is precisely why I didn't sign for a paltry two weeks severance at one ex-employer. Don't speak ill of them? Fine, whatever, I'm content to never speak of you again, positive or negative. But let you off the hook for when it occurs to me weeks later that you have illegal hiring/firing patterns? Umm, no, not for a measly few grand. (And though a solid case could have been made for unlawful termination, I left it be because I was a month from quitting anyway.) The company should be having that grownup conversation well before I leave. If my manager does not know why I'm leaving, they haven't been doing their job as a manager...which may be one of the reasons I'm leaving. :-) Of the companies I've worked for that hold exit interviews, and I've had conversations with ex-coworkers about what they said at the exit interview, it would appear that it doesn't make any difference anyway. So why open yourself up to any liability, or help relieve your ex-employer of any liability? Don't waste your time, or even their time for that matter. It's not what AT&T offers for the same price. Before I switched to Tmo two months ago, my wife and I had AT&T. Probably the same 23% corporate discount. 500Mb plan for her, grandfathered unlimited data for me, no text plan (Google Voice or iMessage), 700 minutes/month split between the two of us. Total bill (taxes, etc.): $121/month with discount. Tmo: unlimited everything (well, 5GB of 4G data) with no discount, $140/month. I'll probably knock that to 2.5GB (we don't use that much) and bring it on par with what we paid on AT&T. Additionally, though not directly related to the comparison, we don't have to say "Mother, may I?" for tethering, so we can knock off another $30/month for iPad data. Do not get me started. Dude, I was an AT&T wireless customer back when they were AT&T, still a customer when they were Cingular, and then when they switched back to being AT&T again. Probably ten years, maybe more? But every time I bought a new iPhone I had to call them and tell them I wasn't paying their $36 upgrade fee. They would then waive it after acting like it was a huge favor. The last time the rep said she'd do it "just this once". I told her that I would have to then reconsider my options for mobile service when my contract was up. I didn't wait until my contract was up. 14 months later I paid the ETF on two phones and switched to Tmo. I think we'll come out about even versus just waiting until the contract ended. I grew weary of AT&T's nickel-and-dime bullshit, and the lack of signal at my house. Though I will credit AT&T with quickly unlocking the phones after the ETF was paid. Hmm? When we switched to Tmo my wife used an unlocked 4S I had lying around while we waited for AT&T to unlock our iPhone 5s. I heard no complaints from her. As part of my job I run plenty of phones on Tmo's network, and non-LTE phones work fine for both data and voice. Your current phones will work fine. Is it possible you misunderstood something? Considering that an iPad can do everything that (as I recall) a C64 could do, yes. The exception of writing and executing user-entered code could be called out, but I don't view that as a requirement of a "personal computer" but rather a "general-purpose computer". Oh, sure, we geeks think they're the same thing. But most users of C64s that I knew didn't, at least judging from how they used their machines (i. e., not writing code). Maybe not my phone, but I'd hand you my iPad. Oh, you wanted to pull some code of off github, compile it and FTP the binary to a remote server? My iPad has ssh, login into the remote server of your choice and knock yourself out. But you more likely just wanted to Google something, in which case the iPad is probably a better choice than the C64 anyway. "Wah, I want a real keyboard!" Here, use my BT keyboard. "Boo hoo, real screen, please." Connect to the Apple TV and use the 50" 1080p TV, I'm sure you'll find it more to your liking than the C64's video display options. The C64 gets its sales record trounced by the iPad every year that iPads are for sale. Your original statement is no longer true, no matter how hard to try to narrowly define "personal computer". Best to just update your world view and move on. Whoa there, Mr. Ranty Pants. I was with you up until you decided to paint every Pebble owner with the conspicuous consumption brush. Given the cheap, utilitarian look of the Pebble, I have a hard time believing that more than a smattering of owners have one to go "look at me! I have a Pebble!" Folks find utility in owning a Pebble, and as an extension, in how they choose to integrate tech into their lives. Do you want to be the guy in the recent xkcd cartoon[0]? [0] http://xkcd.com/1314/ Not the parent, but for me I don't have to keep the phone on my desk at all. It can stay in my bag. That's actually less distracting since the notifications to my wrist can be filtered (only email and messages, only phone calls, or whatever). Parent mentioned working on-site, where the phone might be more likely to walk off if you forget to pick it up. Is it revolutionary? Will it change your life? No, I don't share the same rosy view as the parent commenter. But I do find it handy, my phone stays in the bag most of the time, and I don't have to dig for it to find out that I need to pick up milk on the way home. I don't think I'll be taking typography advice from the person that designed that web site. I fired up the laptop just to check that it was just as hideous and disjointed on desktop as it was on iPad. Yup, sure is. "Loved by hipsters and lazy designers", I dunno, maybe it was all supposed to be ironic. I learned multiplication long before computers were commonplace, and when four-banger calculators were still quite expensive. The reason I can't do that calculation in my head (well, I could but it would be faster to grab a pen) is that I don't have enough stable registers. I'd guess maybe two registers that won't get corrupted during the calculation. They're not big registers, either. Regardless, I'm not saying that there isn't a technique that would allow me to improve. I'm saying my inability has nothing to do with ubiquitous electronics. > By the way, where the hell are inmates getting $320 a month to spend? People from the outside can add money to the account. > The iPod is an example of a prettily designed product that felt good in your hand, but that clearly made working with music "more complicated and difficult." Interesting, because the first iPods I bought for my wife and I were specifically to address the fact that everything else on the market that I tried at the time was a pain in the ass to use. I found the first-gen iPod Nanos in conjunction with iTunes to be the opposite of "more complicated and difficult". "Worst of breed"? I can name a half dozen examples that were far worse than anything Apple has ever produced. Obviously YMMV. > I think that the lesson from iPod example would be: Marketing matters. I often read the "it's all marketing" screeds as "a lot of people like this thing, and I don't. I am bothered by this fact. Therefore the only reason the sheep buy them is marketing." Could be that the sheep truly find that it's a way to trim their wool that suits them better. Thanks for the expansion. I took your comment as another "iPod sucks, blah, blah, all marketing" type. Obviously the problem lies in my knee-jerk reactions. :-) > You're right - it was a bit of an exaggeration. Microsoft's "PlaysForSure" cert was nearly as bad, and all of Sony's lines were garbage (IMO.) Aaaand, you hit on the top two candidates for "Why Did mikestew Buy an iPod?" MSFT's offering was broken from the start, and later yanked (buh-bye, music!), and the company that brought you the original Walkman obviously lost their magic. But of the $50 players, I never found one worth keeping. Maybe I just never learned about them, hence making your point of "marketing matters". :-) If Best Buy staff were merely apathetic and unskilled I might still shop there. Instead, they seem to actively go out their way to piss me off. But maybe that's what you mean by unskilled. :-) I used to go there when I needed something that day. Then I decided that there's nothing I need so quickly that I'm willing to put up with Best Buy. So Amazon or Newegg it is. The things are everywhere around Seattle, so many that I've quit waving. There are four in the parking lot at work, including mine, and our company has less than 100 people. Visiting my parents in Lakeland, FL for a week? I saw one parked in a guy's garage in their neighborhood, that's it. I'll see a half dozen Leaf's just on an eight mile drive to work on any given day. So it seems it could be geographically specific. > 2010: 19 (lol, is that right?) Yes, because despite all of our pre-ordered Leafs supposed to be showing up in December of '10, they were late (granted, they had a tsunami, but that wasn't the only reason). And as far as I know, Nissan was the only one shipping battery cars. They are: http://www.greencarreports.com/news/1086720_california-exten... (As a side note, kind of defeats the purpose of the HOV lane to me, but maybe the "if it sells more electric cars..." excuse offsets it enough.) > why is it so hard to understand that design matters? Maybe Nissan did understand that, which is how we ended up with the Leaf. You spend $32K on a car that's saving polar bears, you want the world to know it. How am I supposed to feel smug if I'm driving something that looks like a Nissan Versa? Contrast that to the Tesla Model S, which IMO is kind of bland (though I'd still buy one if we didn't have the Leaf). A buddy of mine recently said he hadn't seen a Tesla. In Redmond, WA? I guarantee that he saw at least one or two on his way to work at Microsoft that morning. But if one isn't in to cars much, a Model S isn't really going to stand out. Seattle was one of the few pre-order markets (CA, Phoenix, and Knoxville, TN being the others, IIRC). So they had a bit of a head start. That may lead to a snowball effect. You're less likely to risk it if you don't know anyone who has one. But if your buddy the early adopter raves about his, you might be more likely to buy. For the first year I had ours (the first year they were out), I was frequently stopped in parking lots for 5-10 minute conversations about my experience with it (friends hated driving around with me ). But now that they're everywhere in Seattle, I'll bet it's been at least a year since someone has talked to me in a parking lot. My guess is that folks have gathered all of the information they need to decide one way or the other and no longer feel the need to solicit strangers for input. :-) Leafs have blinky lights on the dash that quit blinking when the car is charged. I don't know about Tesla. Conceivably coworkers could know when is safe to unplug someone else's car and charge their own. Then again, we can't even get people to make a new pot of coffee when they drain the last of it, so who knows how considerate your fellow plug-in owners will be. The Leaf will send you a text/email when it is done charging. I've never used it, but it is a settable option in the Carwings mobile app. I'm afraid that's the conclusion I've come to with every idea for a tattoo I've had over the last 20 or so years. I can't come up with anything with which I care to be stuck for the rest of my life. "Yeah, that's not going to seem so clever in ten years, is it?" So my skin remains untouched by the inky goodness of my local tattoo artist. What I don't get is the intersection between "take a picture of a check with smartphone" and "for people who can't get a checking account". I'm going to assume that T-Mobile believes there is a sizable market of people with $600 phones who can't get a checking account, but really? I simply won't be held hostage at a restaurant when I'm the one with something they want (payment). After a reasonable amount of time, I'll get up and head to the door, bill in hand. If the waitstaff does not come dashing toward me, I'll stop by the register if there is one, or tell the hostess that I want to pay my bill. I rarely need to do this, but the fact that I ever have to do it at all annoys me. I'm not annoyed because my oh-so-precious time is being wasted, but because it's such a broken system for both patron and restaurant staff. Business owners have incentive to fix it if only for themselves (and some do, with payment at the register up front). Nope, as I said I rarely need to do what I described. Now if it's a habit of a particular restaurant, yeah, I'll just quit going there. But sticking to "register up front" means a lot of eating at Denny's. :-) I'd show support by buying it if it ran on something other than an Amazon Kindle Fire DX. :-( Rumor has it that one can side-load it, but I'm not going to hassle with that only to find out it has issues on a Galaxy Note 3. A thumbs-up for LampShade. It's far better than the horrible stock application for Hue lamps (and the recent update made for an even worse UX on iOS). I haven't even dug into the potential of Tasker integration and the like. But you're right, as good as LampShade may be I still have to whip out the phone, fire up LampShade, swipe to the light or scene that I want, tap a button. Thing is, I don't know how to make it better, I don't think I'm wired to come up with the clever solution. I've considered NFC tags on the wall, but I don't think I'm getting that past the wife. (Plus she's an iOS girl, so NFC won't do her any good.) I find it interesting that the Android app update is being delayed, given that Android has thus far been the platform of choice if you own a Pebble. For the longest time you couldn't do that much with unjailbroken iOS due to limitations. SMS, phone calls, and music control, that was it. Email was unreliable at best (iOS-using Pebble owners know the notification settings "finger dance" all too well). No worries now that an Android phone is my daily driver. The watch does what I expected it to do when I bought it, and I can wait. Because, frankly, Yelp and FourSquare on a watch display aren't going to have me swapping the SIM card back to an iPhone. What do you mean? A decade ago it was Microsoft SPOT, which could do Microsoft Messenger, weather, stocks and news. Is there something else you're thinking of? Fair enough. Though at 108g, just 4g shy of the weight of an iPhone 5S, it begins to stretch the meaning of "wearable". Paraphrasing: "Please don't torrent this. I'm not a big corporation, just some guy, you know?" Well, I don't know about you being "just some guy" anymore, Louis, but I still bought the movie and will keep it away from my torrent client. No, classic bait and switch would be "hey, how about some Prime for $10/year?" "oh, sorry, we're out of those. Would you like Super Supreme Prime instead for $120/year?" I would think bait-and-switch would really only be effective in a B&M store, though. What you're looking for is "they raised the price for when you renew next year." I took Wellbutrin back when it was popular to prescribe as an aid to get off nicotine. OMG, what horrible stuff (for me, anyway). I wasn't ready to stick a shotgun in my mouth or anything, but it gave me a severe case of what a friend called "the fuckits". Didn't care about anything (including the consumption of nicotine). I would have been content to sit and do nothing. One day when I had some from free time and the house to myself, I decided to go for a motorcycle ride down some twisty road. Got a few miles down the road and decided I didn't care about going for a motorcycle ride. Considering that one of the reasons I moved next to the Appalachian Mountains was for the fantastic motorcycle riding, that was a strong enough signal that I quit taking the stuff. Now that's anecdotal, and your mileage most certainly may vary, but I now understand how a mis-diagnosis and an inappropriate prescription can cause problems. "Pennsylvania High School"? Let's hope they turned the webcams off this time[0]. [0] http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/feb/19/schools-spied-o... That's an unnecessarily mean-spirited way to say "I disagree", along with no explanation as to why you think parent is wrong. Here, have a downvote. I agree that studying doesn't automatically make one an authority, and comes across as an appeal to authority. OTOH, prefacing the statement I replied to with "Obviously..." just came across to me as "it's obvious, because you don't know what you're talking about". Maybe I'm just reading too much into it. > that might not be the sort of thing that strikes you if you're white yourself Oh, it struck this Midwestern white boy almost as soon as he got off the plane. I mean, I'd heard the phrase "white bread neighborhood" and always took it to mean there's only a few non-white people living there. No, in Seattle (and Redmond, where I live) entire neighborhoods can be comprised of nothing but white folk. I notice because I grew up in and around Indianapolis (with brief stints in Detroit). 20% black population in Indy (I could be off by a bit) means 1 out of 5 people I work with, buy groceries from, pass on the street, whatever, are black (ratio of friends was a bit lower than 20%). Now drop me in Redmond/Seattle where I rarely see a black person, and it's just...weird. I mentioned this to natives, and they acted like it was the most racist thing they'd ever heard. What, you thought I wouldn't notice that Bellevue's black population is 0.9%? I only use black because that's the only diversity one was likely to find in Indianapolis when I lived there. I'd believe the Bellevue stats, given the population around Crossroads Mall if nothing else. As for Redmond, maybe I need to get out more. Mentally touring my street and thinking of the race of the residents I know of, I'm coming up with only the Chinese family that lives across the street from us. I think the Indian family on the corner moved out a while ago. Granted, an anecdotal survey of my neighborhood and my general impression does not hard data make. But that's where I'm coming from. I don't use it anymore. I jumped on it when App.net switch to its current incarnation from . Paid the $50 for the developer key. Looks over the docs, posted a thing or two, then never used it. From a development standpoint I guess I never really got it. After looking at the other apps out there for inspiration, which were all Twitter clones, I guess no one else "got it", either. Helping me "get it" lands at the feet of App.net. But a mass of corporaty buzzwords isn't going to fix that. Someone else mentioned the mistake of directing users to the Alpha app. Yup, it's just a paid version of Twitter, I guess. And App.net did nothing to dissuade me of that idea. Nothing in their pitch, nothing in the API docs (that I saw) indicated to me that there was more to do than post short pieces of text. Telling me it's a "platform" is not useful. Pointing me to an API and saying "here, we have user storage!", "over here we have a picture API", now those kinds of things would be useful and would persuade me that it's not just paid Twitter. Unless it was five years ago, you probably did use something different. Then Ford hired Bsquare to write the touch UI version, using embedded Adobe Flash.[0] I never knew such a thing existed. A guy I work with claims to have written the UI piece (or a large part of it). He said using Flash was one of those "seemed like a good idea at the time" things. [0] http://www.marketwired.com/press-release/bsquare-prepares-fo... The argument can be made that you can't test in quality. On the other hand, based on speaking with some Apple developers that I know personally, it would seem that automated testing is not encouraged. Neither unit testing, nor a dedicated team of SDETs for many groups. Contrast that to someplace like Microsoft, where I've worked as an SDET and a skilled, dedicated test team for a product is just the way it is. " said that there are many things Apple does because they are right and just, and that a return on investment (ROI) was not the primary consideration on such issues" The next time someone trots out the tired old "companies are legally obligated to maximize profits/shareholder value" to explain away crappy corporate behavior, I'm linking to this. And kudos to Cook for telling NCPPR to take a figurative hike. >(see the many court cases in which courts end up ruling that companies are not allowed to engage in purely philanthropic duties when there is a rigid fiduciary responsibility to maximize profits; see eBay vs. Craigslist). I saw both the Delaware version and the California version of eBay vs. Craigslist. Neither had anything to do with philanthropy. They involved a poison pill strategy. At the risk of standing in the way of a good rant, I think you'll need a better example. > so they are not starting from scratch in terms of voice recognition/processing. If my Kinect experience is any indicator, Microsoft may not be starting from scratch, but it has a long way to go. Kinect voice recognition works well enough to trick me into thinking that it's actually going to work this time, and fails often enough that I feel like an idiot when I finally give up and pick up a controller. I think I'm just going to unplug the damned thing, as it serves no other real purpose for me. If you're asking because you're wondering how bad the latency is, remember that microwave is the speed of light and the most direct route between two points. It'll be better than fiber, all other things being equal. It's possible the bandwidth isn't up to snuff, but latency shouldn't be a problem. Not always. We had a direct flight from Orlando to Seattle that was waiting on the plane to come from SEA (I assume they just run the plane back and forth between the two cities, based on the schedule). Except SEA had a little sprinkling of snow, so the plane never left. I woke up at 4:00 a.m., looked at my phone, and flight was cancelled. No "we rebooked you", no nothing. So I called. Their offer was to put us on a plane 36 hours later. That's not gonna work, we've got to go to work and get the dogs out of dog jail. Tampa's closer, can you stick on a flight out of there? Nope, not even an option. An hour on the phone got me nowhere. My wife tried later, and after another hour of "no, that's not acceptable" finally got a later flight with a five hour stop in Washington, DC. Alaska Air at least gave us exit rows for the ride home. Granted, this wasn't a "missed a connecting flight" scenario, but the airline's lack of helpfulness does not give me confidence they would act differently. Man, for the good old days when you'd call or walk to the desk, hear "just a moment, sir there, I have you on the next flight. I put you in first class for the trouble." On a side note, I find it ironic that the only airline in SEA that was cancelling flights due to snow was the one with the word "Alaska" in its name. I got bored just reading the article (made it about halfway through). The game obviously holds someone's interest, but "spreadsheets in space" probably isn't for me. Granted, the article authors are really stretching to add another big corporate name to their article. However, Microsoft has been known in the past to dictate what an OEM can and cannot do. The example that comes to mind is their "if you want a discount on Win licenses, Windows will go on every machine". > Anecdotally, I've never encountered that sort of thing from a pedestrian while driving, You must not live anywhere near Seattle. Even after fourteen years of dealing with attention-not-paying pedestrians who believe it to be their deity-given right to walk into the street at any moment without even a sideways glance at traffic conditions, I'm still amazed that more of them don't bounce off of car hoods. > All it would take is crossing the street at the wrong time with a walk signal without checking both ways and splat. It's called "not assuming the other person is always going to do the right thing". Look both ways? Duh. The same brilliant pedestrians I reference above have been known to occasionally drive a car, of course I look both ways whether I'm on foot, in a car, on a motorcycle, or a bicycle. Yeah, I remember those times, too; perhaps less nostalgically than you do. Take your ignition system example. Sure, one could dig in there and replace and adjust the points. But you did it because you had to, you had to do it regularly, and it would be adjusted correctly exactly once: after you did the job. From there, the points immediately started wearing and it would not be exactly right until you did it again. Solid-state ignition, please. Synchronizing three Weber carbs? Oh, yeah, good times. Good times that involved poisonous mercury to boot. Port fuel injection, please. Don't get me wrong, there was a time I liked working on cars, too. So much so, I was a professional ASE-certified mechanic for a while. I also like my Scion xB that in 70K miles we've done nothing to except insert gas, change the oil, and put a set of tires on it. I don't miss having to slap new points and plugs in it before a weekend trip. And for the Tesla tie-in, our Leaf is about as much of an appliance as you're going to get in a car. There's something to be said about a car whose maintenance schedule doesn't fill a page. > Reliable, boring, convenient transportation is great sometimes, like when you're driving someone going into labor to the hospital. Or great even for something as simple as getting to work in the morning. I've owned my share of Triumphs and Fiats. I enjoy my dumbed down existence that doesn't involve a late-night session under the hood because I have to be at work the next day. I mean, I see your point. But if most folks are like the cranky, older version of me now, if they wanted finicky transportation that needs constant maintenance they'd buy a horse. > This "DRM" was super effective preventing piracy during the hype and popularity of the game. It prevented me from pirating it...or buying it, for that matter. I have one (well, two at one point). The LCD is rectangular in a round bezel. I think the major issue is turnaround time. It takes 7 hours to recharge my Leaf. How long would it take to charge a 777? Yes, "but swappable batteries!" And how long does it take to swap batteries including the inspection and paperwork that I'm sure must be required when swapping out a major component in a commercial passenger aircraft? With all the talk about money-driven politics, and how politicians listen to the car dealers over what you have to say, at the end of the day I'm the one that fills out the ballot. And I would defy anyone to point out an industry endpoint (at least in the U. S.) that has as much a reputation for dishonesty and obfuscated pricing as auto dealers. Lawyers at least come in handy from time to time, but I'd guess car salesmen will have a hard time finding a sympathetic ear. People expect car salesmen to just lie to their face. Seat protection spray and undercoating being a rip-off is so cliched it's the subject of comedy routines (and everybody gets the joke). Yet dealers still sell it, and we sit there saying "no...no...no...ask me again, and I'll buy the car elsewhere" because that's just the way it is, right? Maybe it doesn't have to be that way. If you live in NJ, TX, or another state that doesn't want to let Tesla sell cars, let a state politician know. Maybe you think your U. S. Congressperson won't listen to you, but at the state level they are much more likely to lend an ear. If there's a published service schedule, I can't find it. But it's probably safe to guess it's much like the Nissan Leaf. The Tesla probably has a teensy cooling system for the motor (they do get hot). Probably has an in-cabin air filter. Brake fluid, most assuredly. It might have a bit of oil in the thingy that transfers electric motor power to axles, or maybe it doesn't have that thingy. None of which really needs to touched very often. Brake fluid should be changed once a year or so (yeah, neither do I). Same with the in-cabin filter. The rest is a 100K mile service on the Leaf, IIRC. Do you mean to say a look-and-feel consistent with other sites I may have visited rather than some special snowflake whiz bang mystery meat UI that some "designer" cooked up? Yeah, the people of Somerville are really missing out. Baseball seems to have a lot more games than football, and it manages to stay in business. Seems to me the head injury problem might taken a more prominent role in the future of football. If football becomes more commonly viewed as a gladiator battle that liquifies the participants brains, it might become less popular. Then again, boxing doesn't seem to going broke, either. I think the author vastly overstates the potential. Ultramarathon trail race? What's the effective WiFi range of an iPhone? 100 feet? So you have a volunteer with an iPhone every 100 feet? APs running off generators? Additionally, this doesn't add value over just calling up your local ham radio club, which will use radios whose range is measured in miles. Maybe there's potential for disaster areas. But again radios with transmission power measured in watts, not milliwatts, will be more reliable. Additionally, amateur and professional radio operators are often trained in using the radios to communicate effectively in an emergency. We might otherwise end up being flooded with "OMG, the firez!!1!" That's not to say there won't be useful implementations using this framework. I just don't think the examples listed are how it's going to "change the Internet". The good news is that it will only affect 2.5% of customers. But relying on undocumented/private APIs has always been fraught with danger. An iPhone is a good example. Real life example: my wife bought an iPhone, I was impressed and bought one, which led to me buying a MacBook to do dev work (and because "hey, they do make good machines"), which led to a whole house full of Macs and various Apple gear. Because they made what I thought was a decent phone at the time, they sold some other gear as a result. Assuming the phrase "halo product" derives from "halo effect", I'm confused about how my example isn't the quintessential definition. 1. Buy iPhone. 2. Enjoy iPhone. 3. "Hey, I'll bet Apple's other products are pretty good, too." 4. Profit for Apple. Disagreement on the definition, or poorly explained personal example? (EDIT: now that I think about it, our first iPods were the halo product that made me discard old Apple biases that I was carrying from the 90s.) Anyone that's ever had to parse arbitrary data knows of the approximately 14 jiggityzillion corner cases involved when sucking in or outputting CSV/TAB delimited formats. Yet much like virtual memory and virtual machines, we find that a solution has existed since the 60s. For those wondering about the history and use of all those strange characters in your ASCII table: http://www.lammertbies.nl/comm/info/ascii-characters.html And you ask this question because it relates to your use of Firefox how? Because that's the only relation you have to Brendan Eich: you use a product that his company produces. That doesn't make you two best buddies and you now get to ask his opinion on gay marriage or whether he likes a big butt on his womenz. > So i guess there are no practical consumer devices that transmit the heartbeat in realtime A $50 BLE Polar HR strap and an iPhone app that one could whip up in a weekend. Using Apple's BLE sample app as a start, probably wouldn't even take an afternoon for an MVP. I wonder if they aren't a little late on this. I assume that I'm not the only one that found out I can get along just fine without Office on an iPad (or in my own personal case, get along just fine without Office at all). If the free Pages/Keynote/Numbers doesn't do it, I probably need a "real" computer anyway. That was always the real danger I saw for Microsoft as they delayed supporting iOS. Folks buy the devices anyway, despite their lack of Office. Then folks find out that they can do what they want to do despite that lack of Office. Maybe they've been using it by default, not because they really need it. Then Microsoft comes out with Office for iOS and there's a collective shrug and a "meh". Just the CEO? Who else shall we burn at the stake? Mary, the office manager, goes to church every Sunday. How did she vote? John over in mobile dev is a devout Muslim, I'll bet he doesn't take kindly to such things as gay marriage. Time to start scanning through those campaign contribution records for Prop 8 and seeing if a JOIN on the employee database gives us any results. I've always held to the idea that my job is to make my manager look good. I don't know that mouthing off on twitter such that Ars Technica picks it up is fitting to that philosophy. "If you’re out in the woods camping and need help, you could broadcast your needs in the hope someone picks it up." You could, but it's unlikely to do you any good using a radio whose output is measured in milliwatts. Unless "out in the woods camping" means a KOA. "Similarly, during a natural disaster, you could help locate loved ones and people in need, even with non-operational cellular towers." Same deal: no, you probably won't. A cell phone is a radio, and it's a pretty crappy radio that relies very much on existing infrastructure. When that infrastructure goes down, the only people you'll be chatting with will be the ones you can physically see. Even the 5 watt handheld radio that I have (which requires a license to operate) may only be good for a few miles in rough terrain. It would nice if the article stuck to what is feasible (the music festival example) and disposed with the hyperbole. Remote villages in Bumfukistan will not be getting internet access because of this. Huh, I wasn't aware that there was anyone that didn't order a gain antenna at the same time they ordered the radio. :-) I regularly hit a repeater 12 miles away. A bit fuzzy, but it works. But I'm using a gain antenna that's a bit longer than stock, you know, for street cred (street cred being very important amongst ham radio operators). Hook it up to the mag mount antenna in the car, and it expands to 20 or 30 miles (dunno exactly, haven't hit the limit yet). In an attempt to keep this on the topic at hand, anecdotal evidence would suggest (and solid empirical evidence confirms) that the antenna is important as well as power output. Combine wimpy power output with an antenna that has to fit in a 4" phone, and without cell towers or WiFi APs you might as well just shout to the person you're trying to contact. I gave up my iPhone 5 to switch to a Samsung Galaxy Note 3. Bought it for the stylus, and I love the display (first AMOLED I've seen that wasn't cartoonish in its saturation), fast CPU, long battery life. But it's the first phone I've had that I don't mind putting a case on because I won't be covering up any beautiful design aesthetics. For US$700 that sure is some tasteless crap they wrapped those lovely parts in. It wouldn't be so bad if it weren't the fakery of it all. Fake genuine faux leather stitching on the back. Fake metallic look on the sides. If you're going to make phones out of plastic, own it. Make the best genuine Corinthian polycarbonate phone you know how without trying to make it look like something else. I can't speak for parent's use case, but wireless charging isn't going to do me much good at 35K feet on an airplane. A possible solution to parent's needs, depending on the use case, is a LimeFuel battery pack [0]. US$40, keeps my wife and I watching movies on the Galaxy Note and an iPad on cross-country flights with plenty to spare. I don't need a spare, swappable battery all that often, so something versatile like the LimeFuel (which can charge anything that uses a USB port) suits my needs better. As a sidenote, I haven't found wireless charging to be all that anyway. It makes the phone thicker (either built-in or with a wireless charging case), and all it does is save me the two seconds it takes to put a plug in the end of the phone. I've got the wireless charging case for the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and seldom use it. [0] http://www.amazon.com/External-Battery-Pack-Limefuel-L130X/d... I find the lack of SIM tray annoying. To swap SIMs I have to remove the back, remove the battery, remove the SD card, and then I can finally get to the SIM. Then I have to be careful because SIM slots can break. Lame. What justified it for me was a stylus on something that would fit in my pocket. No one but Samsung does it. In fact, the Surface Pro (noooo, thank you) is the only other device I know of regardless of size. If you just want a phone that can boot a mobile operating system, then perhaps a Nexus device will do it for you. But there are other phones that have features not included on the Nexus line that make them appealing to folks. You mean something like the Windows Runtime that used to come with some apps that I've since forgotten? I'd find you a link to what I'm talking about but...no, not that Windows Runtime, Google, the other one from the late 80s or early 90s. Of course now it would be a specialized, stripped down VM, which Microsoft would never sell you because licenses. So if you're willing to pay for it, it's called (your VM software of choice) + a Windows license. Not optimal, I know, and way overweight but that's what we get right now. > It's my suspicion that the age of these warhorses may help them here rather than hurt them: Of course it does. Back in the day one couldn't take a megabyte file and say, "I'll just load it all into memory." When I worked in Visual Studio, it annoyed me to no end that VS had trouble loading large text files when ancient FoxPro (another MSFT dev product whose origins are from the 80s) would load them just fine. FoxPro didn't try to cram the whole thing in memory, just the parts it needed. I'm guessing vim and Emacs work in a similar manner. Don't use VS anymore, so I don't know if they ever fixed that or not. Particularly annoying is that it ever needed to be fixed, rather than being designed correctly (for which there was plenty of prior art) from the start. > it's line based (1 dimensional) not 2 dimensional so a VERY long line can still choke vim and Emacs. Have an upvote because (to quote Johnny Carson) I did not know that. "What exactly is stopping us from doing this?" "...geometry." I've had too many conversations like this, where I pause to think "where do I begin to fill the vast gaps of ignorance such that they will even begin to be properly equipped to understand the absurdity of their question?" Generally speaking, I have no problem with absurd questions. Ask away. But if you're sitting on the other side of the table just waiting to hear what you want to hear, ignoring all else, and continuing to ask the same questions, then you're not doing your part on the "great communication" thing. That's my take on what the video is trying to get across. Too bad cnet editorialized the title, and incorrectly so, IMO. What you used to get (so you have a basis of comparison): 1. Attend the sessions well before the videos come out. 2. Q&A after a session. 3. The only way to see the keynote. 4. Cheap jacket (backpacks, too, as I recall). What you get now: 1. Session vids come out same day or very soon after. 2. No more Q&A. 3. Keynote is live streamed. 4. Same cheap jacket, just a different number (representing the year) on the back. What you've always had, and will continue to get: 1. Access to the labs. Good if you have a problem that can't be answered in any other manner. 2. Networking with other devs over lunch and after-conference events. If you don't need the labs, and aren't going to be all that social, save yourself $1600. (EDIT: don't know who's downvoting you for asking a reasonable question. Have an upvote to offset it.) You don't "fix" anything, unless by "fix" you mean "turn off broken feature". It's a nice idea, too bad they tout it with such deceptive marketing. Well, if one can't imagine why a vegetarian wouldn't eat insects, one needs to expand the imagination. While not speaking for all vegetarians, one of the reasons I don't eat animals or insects is that I hold to the idea that no creature should have reason to fear me. Sure, insects get killed in the harvesting of plants, but I don't harvest plants for the expressed purpose of killing insects. As with most things it is typically more complicated than "here's a single reason, making it easy for you to mount a counter argument that you think quite clever." > The trope is universal and deeply embedded in American society. No, it's not. Quit trying to pass yourself off as the ambassador of American culture. The majority of my 50 years on this earth have been spent living in the Midwest or U. S. South, neither of which are exactly hotbeds of racial tolerance and likely the origin of any racial slur you'll hear. And yet when I saw the title it never occurred to me to think of race at all. That is, until your comment showed up and I said to myself, "what the hell is he talking about?" Sure, there are some racial slurs that involve the word "monkey". But they're not even close to what you're talking about, and if one were to use them one would come off sounding about 76 years old. No, go ahead and be that guy. 30 years in SV and you're still living paycheck to paycheck? And guess what? I can't afford to live in Palo Alto, either, and I'm employed with a high-paying tech job. But what really bothers me is that he's the poster child in this story. He's easy to ignore. "Should have saved more...", "he should move...", it's all his fault. But what about the folks for whom it's _not_ all their fault? The only thing I can figure is that the customer is trying to drive a car around for a while, file a Lemon Law complaint, then get a buy-back? I say this because it appears that the fuse had been tampered with, and the same person filed a complaint against Volvo last year. Wow, I've seen some cherry-picking in my day but parent tries to bring out a message that is the complete opposite of what the speech says. OMG, was this posted for comic relief? "I decided on “Vice TV” It was simple informative and it fit on screen just right. I didn’t think they would mind..." I called _my_ new app "CBS TV". What it does is pull stuff from cbs.com and puts it in a browser wrapper. CBS shouldn't have a problem with that, right? "It’s free advertising and I was in no way profiting from using this name." Ah, the ol' "we won't pay you for your work, but it will be great exposure" line. Plus, the author did plan to profit from it, that profit just hadn't emerged yet: "I was also secretly hoping I would get a contract job out of this or someone might say, 'Hey, add my blog and Facebook pages and I’ll buy the app from you.'" "Maybe I’m naive" That might be a huge understatement. But I'm not buying the naivety routine. The content that belongs to others is packaged up into an app that uses the content owner's name. They're spammy apps at that, you know, the kind that wrap an RSS feed into an app and then 200 different variations are posted to the app store. You get warned, but blow it off. Google told the author that there was a problem, but the author thought the rules didn't apply to him. Or perhaps naivety is is the reason. In that case, the experiment produces useful data: the author is not cut out for running a business and should stick to coding for someone else. Before you hit that downvote button, dear reader, consider the lack of knowledge of copyright, trademark, and content ownership. Note the lack of follow-up when a business partner says that there is a problem that needs resolution. And finally, realize the profound lack of acceptance of any responsibility in all of this. Those are not the characteristics of a person who will build a successful business. Without a phone in hand, information seems kind of sparse. The Narrator in desktop Windows doesn't seem all that impressive (wouldn't want to kill the 3rd-pary screen reader market, I guess). From a development point of view, devs still need to add accessibility labels to their apps and use the other accessibility APIs available. I have no idea how easy or hard that is on Windows Phone. iOS is easy enough that a dev would have to be borderline negligent not to type a few descriptive labels while they're doing the UI. Android, not too bad but not as much infrastructure as iOS (I'll admit to being a much weaker Android than iOS dev, so maybe I've missed something) for gestures and the like. Point being, even if the WinPhone accessibility APIs are fully fleshed out, 3rd party apps still need to support it, and I haven't seen a big push from Microsoft to do so. Contrast to iOS where devs get the accessibility spiel at WWDC, and Apple seems to push it elsewhere. Android, meh, seems kind of tacked on IMO, though I guess it works well enough (fully-sighted user here, so I'm not the most qualified to say, and I'd be interested to know how the Nexus 7 works out for you). Sometime in the next week I should get a chance to play with a friend's phone that I'm sure he'll have upgraded to 8.1. Again, I'm fully-sighted but have been the "accessibility guy" across several companies (including an accessibility lead at MSFT), so I at least know what to look for. I'll ping you if I have anything to report. Wow, I just tried the latest build of Android Studio (0.5.something) out of idle curiosity. Even on Mac OS X, which from my POV has great accessibility at the OS level, you just get big containers without any visibility to the items inside. As a sighted user, this annoys me as well because that (usually) means there are no keyboard shortcuts to work within those containers. Contrast to Xcode, where there's a shortcut for everything and VoiceOver seems to be much more informative. For all my complaints about Eclipse, you're right, it seems to be much better for accessibility than Android Studio. Too bad sometime down the road Google is going to switch to Android Studio (granted, Android Studio is worlds better in a lot of other respects). Though at the rate they're going, it should be a while. :-) I've taken to trying to make the ! stand out more: if( ! llama) { ... } I don't know that it's an improvement, and my personal jury is still out, but I currently hold that it's better than the risk of the single equals bug that another reply points out, or the Yoda conditional that is the suggested replacement. > it's worth pointing out that this specific bug is not possible in Java since unreachable code is a compiler error Not on my Java compiler (Android toolkit and Eclipse). I see it as a warning throughout the code base I work on. :-( Because Apple doesn't have a software testing culture. At least that's what I've been told by Apple engineers I know who used to work at Microsoft ("software testing is not the same respected discipline you're used to at Microsoft"), as well as when I interviewed with Apple and asked what kind of test team would be backing the product I would be working on (manual testing with no SDETs, apparently). Take it as the quite anecdotal evidence it is, but to me it explains a lot. My experience says it's uncommon. Microsoft seems pretty good about it, and has good tools available, though it might vary a lot from team to team. Smaller companies? I've at times been revered as a testing deity when showing someone code coverage results. Other companies know what the word "coverage" means, but seldom know about or utilize the tools available. They just know they probably ought to do it, which is a step ahead, I guess. Where I'm currently at, my manager wanted code coverage but needed someone to do it. Since I'm just that guy, I setup the infrastructure for iOS. Android, you're such a pain in the ass to setup for (rooted device, or the dog-slow emulator, and it still doesn't give me results) I'm surprised anyone does code coverage for Android. I can't remember the name of the python tool, but holy smokes it's slick and painless. So tooling quality varies, which might have a lot to do with the lack of coverage testing. I long for the days of the coverage tool Tim Paterson wrote (yeah, that Tim Paterson). No profiling, it would inject the coverage DLL at runtime. Then, as you used the program, it would log coverage on the fly. So program running on one monitor, coverage log on the other, and start clicking. Can't remember the name of it (it's no longer sold by Paterson Technologies), but damn it was slick. I've cut grass all of my life, starting with about 3 acres (not a typo) of grass growing up. I'll gladly trade 30 minutes of easy work once a week for being able to sit out back of the house without staring directly into a neighbor's window. But to each their own. If you don't like cutting grass, there are people who will do it for you for a reasonable amount of money. > My mower weighs next to nothing Really? Because my electric is hugely more heavy than an equivalent gas mower. Granted, that's mostly battery, and probably lead/somethingorother at that. Not that it matters much, because it's self-propelled, but weight is not one of its features. Not that I'd give up my electric mower. It's like my Nissan Leaf, only for cutting grass: push the switch and it runs w/o having to fiddle with gasoline. Quiet. Won't run as long as gas-powered, but gets me where I need to go. I got one just six months ago from a company that I doubt you've heard of for an IC position. I didn't even negotiate that hard, I just had other offers and didn't need the job. I let them know this, and a signing bonus was added to the offer to sweeten the pot. As a hiring manager I've given out signing bonuses to candidates as recently as five years ago. The Star bicycle [0] was around in the 1880s, a bicycle with the small wheel in the front so as to make it more difficult to go over the front (a common problem). It's difficult, due to the ratcheting pedal mechanism, but it can be wheelied. The Eagle [1], which used conventional pedals (well, conventional compared to the state-of-the-art at that time), can easily wheelie. In fact, my experience has been that one needs to be a little careful not to fall off the back. (Source: member of The Wheelmen [2], an antique bicycle club, since a kid. Have ridden both Eagles and Stars, as well as other death-traps of the day.) Point being, there were bicycles before the "safety" that could be wheelied and probably were (I'm confident there's a picture somewhere, period or modern, but a quick search didn't find anything). So I'm skeptical that Canary was the first to ride a bicycle on its back wheel. Now, that's not to say that Canary wasn't an impressive rider. I've put thousands of miles on bicycles from that era, and not only are they difficult to ride well, they're so dangerous that there's no way they could be sold today (EDIT: come to think of it, everyone I know that has put any serious miles on highwheelers has been seriously hurt at some point, including myself. The 1886 Columbia I currently own I bought from my uncle after it nearly killed him.). Riding down the Capital steps on a highwheeler? Not on my most bold and daring of days. The pictures from the article demonstrate that the man knew his way around a highwheeler. But I doubt he was the first person to ever raise the front of wheel of a bicycle. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Star_Bicycle [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eagle_Bicycle_Manufacturing_Com... [2] http://www.thewheelmen.org/ > I live in Indiana, the only state where one cannot buy alcohol on a Sunday. I'll allow that it's been 14 years since I lived in the area, but NC and TN still had dry counties where you couldn't buy liquor at all, let alone Sundays. Born and raised in Indiana, where you could buy hard liquor in one of two places: the liquor store (duh) and the drug store. I'd love to know the origin of _that_ law. "What about the grocery." "Nah, too accessible." "Drug store?" "Well, ya know, alcohol has been known to be used for medicinal purposes. And Osco Drugs just dropped twenty grand in my campaign fund, so why not?" Warm beer? Buy it in a ton of places. Oh, you wanted it pre-chilled? Liquor store only. Not to derail the conversation, but my point being that if 80 years after the end of prohibition we still have whacky liquor laws like IN does, some places just aren't going to get to enjoy a nice bowl of Purple Kush anytime soon. Meanwhile, here in WA, I feel majorly inconvenienced because Winterlife Coop won't deliver to the Eastside. "Customers in Colorado and Washington State no longer need to pay a premium for black-market marijuana." Colorado, maybe. Since the retail operations are not open for business yet in WA, we still don't know if retail is going to be cheaper. That's the part that worries me. I look at the tax structure (25% on each of the three players involved: grower, processor, retailer) and wonder how they're going to keep it under $100/quarter ounce. It's happened already in WA: tax the hell out of something and then wonder why revenues dropped. A few years back WA jacked up the tobacco tax a ridiculous amount (I think a pack of smokes was like $8). Shortly after, the state complained that revenues took a dive. Duh, ya think? They raised taxes so much it was now practical to either order via the Internet (KY has smokes for $3, IIRC) or drive out of your way to the American Indian reservation. If a quarter ounce of legal weed comes out to $150 because of taxes, this grand experiment isn't going to end well. (If someone has some hard math on what the consumer-level price might be, I'd love to be corrected on this.) Nothing changes except the number of shares you own. The total amount of money you have in AAPL will remain the same. Your dividend check will remain the same (assuming an equal percentage the next time a dividend is announced). You'll own more shares, but each individual share will be worth less (but again, the total worth of your AAPL stake will remain the same). Will it go up or down? (EDIT: apparently "up" if afterhours is any indication.) Used to be, back in the dotBomb days, a split announcement drove the price up. Now remember from above that nothing has really changed. AAPL's market cap is still the same, there's just more shares out there. One thing that has changed is that Joe Sixpack doesn't need to drop $50K to buy a lot of 100 shares. But Joe doesn't drive the market, institutional investors do. And when Fidelity's mutual fund is buying $10,000,000 worth of AAPL, they don't care if the share price is $1 or $1000. So there isn't much rational reason for the price to go one way or another. A split could be taken as "management thinks...". I don't know, could have some weight to it, could not. At the end of the day, as someone who has traded stocks for over 15 years and traded AAPL since about 2003 (yea, me! Mostly...), I'm not making any decisions one way or the other on this news. I'll keep an eye on AAPL for sure, though, just in case the market disagrees with me. Would now be a good time to buy? No, yesterday was a good time to buy (that's okay, I didn't either) because it's up 8% in afterhours. Earnings are tomorrow, and never ever never buy AAPL the day before earnings (it almost always go down the next day). WWDC is coming up, so it could be "AAPL announcement means they'll soon own the $WHATEVER market. Buy!" or it could be "AAPL announcement shows that a post-Jobs Apple is doomed. Doomed!" No offense, but if you have to have a stock split explained to you then you're probably not suited to trying to time the market on AAPL. Hell, I've been trading AAPL for over ten years, and I'm not suited to trying to time it (I've done it, and mostly come out ahead, but I attribute it to getting lucky and not to my 133t trading skillz). Just hang on to it, see how it shakes out, and if it hits a good price for you at some point, sell it. Or if it takes a dip (say, after earnings maybe?), buy some more. If it opens up 8% tomorrow morning, you might even consider selling what you've got. Then if it dips after earnings, buy some more then. But I am in no way, shape, or form a financial adviser. My advice isn't even worth what you paid for it. For entertainment purposes only, do not under any circumstances make trades based on what some anonymous dumbass on the internet says, because we're a dime a dozen, and if I were so smart I'd be hiking the Cascades today and not working a day job. "I have a lot to learn, this much I know." Then you're already ahead of most individual investors in the market. Hubris will lose you more money than anything else. Ask me how I know. :-) (Wishful thinking comes a close second to hubris, though.) I went to the Warhol exhibit at the Dali museum a few months ago. I never was a big Warhol fan before going, but perhaps viewing an entire exhibit devoted to his work might give me a better appreciation. I now theorize that Warhol's artistic life was one big piece of performance art. "Can I become famous and revered by hanging out at the right NYC parties, and immortalizing famous people in what is otherwise the visual equivalent to sampling?" Ignore "Marilyn" where he just silk screens over a photo, and pay attention to the fact that he's famous for it. Polaroid photographs? If they were photographs of your friends, no one would care. But when the pics are of Mick Jagger at Studio 54 or Jackie O, and Andy Warhol took them, now you've got art. Why? Because famous people. It seems he his overall theme was fame. His most famous quote even deals with that. So it seems fitting that he is famous not for being a great artist but because he hung out with famous people and made art that involved them. That's the theory I'm sticking with, anyway. It's either that or take the cynical view that the art world is more shallow than I previously thought. Afterward we revisited the Dali side of the museum. Holy crap, now there's an artist. If you're reading Hacker News, it should take longer to type a complaint about logins that it does to find a way around said login. > I'm with OP on this one. I won't read your page/blog if I have to create any kind of account to do so. Full stop. I completely respect that. Is it necessary, though, to submit a comment complaining about it every time it comes up? And I'm allowing that some feel that it is necessary, but to what end? For me, the page works just fine without registering on Android Chrome and desktop Chrome on my home box. Though, as others have pointed out, carry-ons can put a damper on the idea, I tend to do this. Even before carry-ons became a consideration, I've been mystified by people that want to get on the plane first. Umm, more time in the aluminum tube in an uncomfortable seat? No thanks, I'll wait. I understand that it may not work for everyone, but I typically check everything but a laptop bag, and get on as late as I can. Grab a latte after getting off the plane, and stand by the luggage output for 15 minutes while sipping my delicious (okay, it's the airport: barely palatable) coffee beverage. Even today when you get booked flights with no carry-on room, the gate agent comes on the PA: "if you check your carry-on, we'll let you board first!" If I check my bag and don't have a carry-on anymore, and I have an assigned seat, how about I board dead last instead? Because I personally don't view being first on the plane as a reward. Never that I can recall. Common problem for others? On the bright side, it opens opportunities for off-shore (in relation to the U. S.) Dropbox clone startups. I fully expect MSFT to drag this all of the way to the Supreme Court. I'm curious to see how it shakes out from there. > Alternatively for file syncing, peer to peer? I really just don't...want...to...maintain another server, or even P2P setup. However, things like this ruling are piling up to the point that I may have to take another look at what it would take to get my Synology box to use their "Dropbox" functionality (Synology's dynamic IP->static IP mapping service has proven to be flakey at best, though there are other options). Either that, or that bittorrent P2P thingy. Another problem is that Dropbox and the like have really gained traction, so that other apps use them as a synchronization store. So there's the problem of keeping, for instance, all of my 1Password stores in sync. I'm sure there's a solution, but I need to overcome inertia and go look for it. I seem to recall from a long, long time ago back in the day when I had to fill out some sort of team diversity form at MSFT that Asians didn't count. Take this anecdotal datum with a huge grain of salt, and season it further with the fact that I'm dredging up memories from ten years ago. Maybe it was Indians (yes, a subset of Asians, I realize), I don't know. I just remember asking HR about $NON_WHITE_GUY, and was told he didn't count because (paraphrasing) "successful minority group in software". "Not only is this the situation we are in, but we have somehow gotten here with only the feeblest of protests. " Feeblest of protests? I ditched Comcast years ago, and it apparently bothers them enough that they send a person to my door every month or two. What does he want me to do, storm the local Comcast office? "I sometimes wonder if they would have had a chance if I'd joined them." Maybe if you joined as VP of Engineering or CTO. As an IC, all you're going to do is get dragged down with them, and go home pissed off every night. I've been there. A company has no existing test infrastructure, it's all done by hand, and the build "system" are the binaries that come off a dev's machine? No problem! I'm you're man, I'll have you up and automated in a jiffy. Except that the reason there's no existing infrastructure now is because of general cluelessness, not for lack of expertise. You need someone to hook the hoozit that I lightly touched last time I was there to your new whatzit? Yeah, I'll come in on a contract basis to get it sorted. My first clue should be that none of the other devs who know it better than I came to your rescue. No specs for the thing I'm supposed to integrate with, no documentation as to what it is you actually want, and a PM that sits and watches YouTube videos all day? Yeah, I should have guessed. It's top-down, and if you're not at the top, you're not going to save them from themselves. By default I assume law enforcement is exaggerating for effect, but lot of emergency radios are on 800Mhz, AT&T (as one example) uses 850Mhz, so it wouldn't be hard to imagine a radio transmitter that cuts a wide swath (e. g., jammer) and interferes with other radios. Putting a sign up is not the equivalent to an FCC license. And if you're going to transmit radio waves, you'll need an FCC license (yes, there are exceptions and I'm vastly simplifying for this specific topic). Good luck with getting the FCC to grant you that license. That's not to say that a movie theater or coffee shop couldn't passively attenuate cell phone signals with metallic paint or other equivalents to a giant Faraday cage. But ensuring that you're not being an ass with your radio transmissions is the FCC's specific task. And to follow up on what TallGuyShort says, they most likely triangulate just as for amateur radio when looking for transmissions that violate regulations. Or, come to think of it, if you know the transmitter goes down I-4 everyday, just sit by the side of the road with a receiver and watch signal strength. I-4 can be pretty crowded, but it shouldn't be hard to narrow it down as the signal gets stronger then starts to tail off. I'll upvote you because as my mother has said, "being a hippy is expensive." (I say that as a vegetarian who recycles nearly everything and drives a Nissan Leaf. However, I still get haircuts and work for The Man, so what do I know?) I understand how they work just fine. Which part of my statement implies a narrow-band device? Perhaps I was unclear, but I think that I worded it such that a wide-band device was implied ("wide swath"). Regardless, jammers can be narrow-band or wide-band depending on the goal. The device in the article sounds to be wide-band, but that doesn't define the entire category. Dogs are allowed in our office at work. When I started taking our dog to the office, I wondered about a productivity drop, what with poop breaks (for the dog) and the dog wanting the occasional bit of attention. It's hard to empirically measure, but I'm pretty sure I'm more productive. Even just turning to pet the dog, and take a break from staring at the screen for a few minutes is helpful. Hourly walk breaks, instead of sitting staring at the screen until lunch, clears my head and gives me a new perspective on a problem sometimes. Of course you don't need a dog. Just get your ass out of the seat once in a while. It's just easier to remember when something is pawing at you. :-) > But it could help you land a nice job. That's the advice I give to aspiring app store millionaires: on average there's no money in the app store, but there's plenty of money to be made making apps for someone else. Throw something on the store that's above the level of flashlight app, and point to it when in contact with a potential employer. There is no ??? step, you just move straight to Step 4: Profit. I'm loathe to be the guy that complains about someone's CSS, and as far as I know I never have on HN, but this time I must break my silence. The quoted text is literally unreadable on my machine in both Chrome and Firefox, tested on two different monitors. (EDIT: kind of readable on Android Chrome, but I'd still immediately close the tab and move on.) It looks exactly like a comment on HN that got downvoted to oblivion (only with a white background). I seriously cannot imagine that anyone looks at that and says, "yeah, that's readable, publish it". That said, I obviously didn't read the article and have nothing further to add. :-( Thanks; cool list of goodies. I assume the Zap bookmarklets were what you were prescribing for this particular problem. If I really care about the content, I fire up Safari and use the Reader button (works well for "you've exceeded your free views" overlays, too). In this case I didn't care that much (I fired up two other browsers and a mobile device only out of idle curiosity about whether it was specific to one browser or just plain broke). Haven't done much bicycle touring, but I've had motorcycle wheels in all of the lower 48 and parts of Canada. Something I learned years ago is to never ask locals for directions. First, a lot of people know how to get to work and to the grocery store, and that's it. Oh, they'll pretend to offer directions because no one wants to look like an idiot who doesn't know their own town. Second, even if the local knows the way their directions will be filled with all kinds of assumptions that are valid for someone who lives in the area but not for someone who is seeing the area for the first time. Now, convincing my wife of this truism has been something I've worked on for twenty years of marriage ("why don't you stop and ask someone?" "Because it likely won't do us any good."). Thankfully GPS navigation units have made the debate somewhat moot. :-) Ah, those heady days of the 80s and 90s, where CASE tools and object-oriented programming were going to save the world. Hell, with CASE tools we wouldn't even need programmers anymore, folks will just enter the requirements and compilable code will come out the other end! The world of computing machinery was rife with that bullshit around that time, more so than before because most folks had never used a computer to do something useful and up to that time computers were mostly ginormous calculators or data sorters. I think the industry today has finally found a bit of skepticism (and cynicism) thanks to such fiascos as the FAA's project and because $100,000 CASE tools proved to be largely a waste of money. Object-oriented programming eventually found its place in the world, but I think it, too, was largely oversold in the late 80s and early 90s. So then we were left in an in-between time where we were beginning to discover the magic that computers can work, but had not yet developed the necessary level of skepticism needed to sniff out the snake oil. The article in one sense lays the blame at the feet of old-school Big Bang development. We, the readers, of course are wondering "did you not read The Mythical Man Month ?" But it's my recollection that the snake oil, umm, I mean "tools" of the time were said to save us from such pitfalls. But many forgot to read the chapter on "There is No Silver Bullet" (or maybe that was a later paper, not in the book). Though the dollar amount is huge, it's still the same old story that plays out to this day: magical tools (replace CASE with MongoDB, node, or whatever) that may have a use but don't pack the punch the vendor says it does, vendors that don't want to say "no, that's not practical" and ever-changing requirements from customers. Some 20, 30 years later we don't seem to have collectively learned a whole lot. > K-Mart is more sad, it's more like the dilapidated shanty, leaning to one side, with ten kids playing in the yard. I'll bet I first stepped foot in to a K-Mart some 40 years ago. The really sad thing is that by my recollection, K-Mart has always been that way. Dirty, poorly-lit in many cases, and eternally in need of an update. Perhaps there was a time that K-Mart stores looked shiny, new and not run down, but it must have been before my time. I'm shocked, shocked that there is shitty software running in this Samsung establishment. When I saw the title, I had a strong suspicion that it wasn't about making the camera do cool things, but the subject would be "how broken is Samsung's firmware?" What is it with Samsung and software? I mean, they can crank out some decent hardware, but their software is consistently abysmal. I have a Note 3. Ignore the plasticy and cheesy (fake leather stitching? Really?) exterior, and it's a decent piece of kit. But the included software is consistently crap. I bought the Note for the stylus, but both S Note and Action Memo apps that are to be used with the stylus consistently lost data. I think they fixed it in a later update (haven't lost data lately), but it doesn't inspire confidence. The prime example is Samsung's new Gear Fit. It just plain doesn't work as advertised, and it's due to unbelievably broken software. The only things that work reliably are the notifications and the pedometer. And though the pedometer works (if a bit inaccurately) the data reporting is broken. I mean so broken that if you want a historical listing of your steps each day, you'll have to write it down because the data reporting is grossly inaccurate. Everything else, including most exercise functionality, just doesn't work. I thought it would be fun (and please pardon the shameless plug) to see if I can post a new bug every day: http://gearfitbugs.tumblr.com (been slacking the last few days for lack of time). Point is, how do they stay in business? Who buys one Samsung product and then turns around later to buy another one (okay, me, I guess)? For me, they don't get three strikes. Two hardware products with amateur-level software (with apologies to all amateur developers out there; your stuff is likely better than Samsung's) are the only chances Samsung will get with me. And if they think I'm letting one of their Internet-connected TVs (with mic and camera) in my house, they're delusional. The Gear Fit brought to mind another question that I'll likely never get an answer to: how does this happen? Fine, you made some really bad dev hires. But don't you have a test team? Does the test team suck, or are they just ignored? What about project management? When the test team comes back and says, "the cycling function doesn't work. It will never record a whole workout without stopping mid-way.", does PM just say "ship it anyway"? Come ship date, you just take whatever is sitting at HEAD no matter what shape it's in, build it and call it the RTM build? I would seriously pay a week's wages to spend a week with their product team to get a look from the inside on how not to build software. I jumped on the "I hatez da Touchwizs" bandwagon shortly after acquiring the Note. I loaded an alternative launcher that gave it that stock Android look and functionality. Two days later I went back to Touchwiz. For all my general hate of Samsung software, I've got to say that Touchwiz seems to get a lot of things right. One thing I found helpful is the Monterey Bay Aquarium's Seafood Watch iOS app[0]. Fancy some fatty tuna? Salmon? Look it up, find out if it's ocean-friendly. It opened my eyes to things I thought might be good (farmed salmon, right? Leaves the wild salmon alone?) that actually were quite bad (nope, salmon farms spew all kinds of nasty waste). [0] http://www.seafoodwatch.org/cr/SeafoodWatch/web/sfw_iphone.a... In which case I kind of wish I had waited. More often than not, the Kinect doesn't save me from picking up the controller (because with ~70% voice recognition rate, it will fail at some point before showing me my Netflix viewing choice) and I don't play any Kinect games. I could also do without a camera and microphone that is connected to MSFT's back end. And frankly, until Titanfall came out there were no "must have" games, so buying on launch day wasn't really necessary. For the rest of the world, it's probably a good move. It shaves $100 off the high price, for starters. Most everyone I talk to says the Kinect is cool for a while, but then the novelty wears off, so maybe folks won't feel like they're missing out without one. But don't miss this otherwise unrelated part: "Along with the less expensive console, Microsoft announced Xbox apps such as Netflix, Hulu and ESPN will be available to all Xbox One and Xbox 360 owners." I'll always have Xbox Gold because I play games, but this might make a dent into the "casual gamer that wants to watch Netflix" market. > I've never heard of any car exploding because of gas. Ford Pinto isn't ringing any bells? I mean, it's not as common as TV and movies would have you believe, but yeesh, you've never heard of this happening? EDIT: forgot this one... > No charging stations (infrastructure problem) There are infinitely more electric car charging stations between my house and work than there are hydrogen stations. I understand that it's different in other parts of the country, but in the Seattle area you'd have to really put in some effort to run out before you find a charging station. My only complaint is that aren't enough fast charging stations. > They're not Apple customers anymore. That a fact? There are still 3 Macbooks, an iMac, my wife's iPhone, two iPads, and an Apple TV in the house that didn't just up and disappear when I switched to an Android phone. > This should be simpler, but I'm not sure how much easier Apple can make it. You have to keep in mind that your steps don't work for everyone. There is no definitive set of steps that consistently work. I say this is as someone who has gone back and forth between iOS and Android a couple of times. What worked last time doesn't necessarily work the next time. It is really an issue because the above workaround doesn't always work. You can apply that to every single suggested fix in this entire thread: it might work for one, but it doesn't work for all. The Apple discussion forums are littered with evidence of this, and my own personal experience of swapping back and forth a few times convinces me that people aren't just making it up. Because the steps in that section keep getting passed around as possible fixes. Some of them are mentioned in this very thread. Sadly, it's been my experience that the fix Apple does suggest doesn't work reliably (works for some, not for others), either. EDIT: holy crap, as toddn points out above, apparently that section is also to contradict the bad information that is passed around in Apple's own KB articles : http://support.apple.com/kb/HT5538 Just because we might have better data sometime down the road does not make the researcher's comment false. Assuming that the original study was flawed as claimed, then we're left to conclude that fish oil is in fact snake oil until we have evidence to the contrary. > Hence I can quietly keep my feelings of "told you so" to myself on this one Yes, quietly post to an international forum of thousands of users how you're keeping those feelings to yourself. As a vegetarian myself, I would suggest that you'll hold an audience longer by dialing the "smug" knob down a notch. People like their meat, and someone waiting since childhood to say "I told you so" isn't likely to change their mind. On the other hand, calm and reasonable explanations aren't likely to change their minds, either. Because, damn, bacon sure tastes good. I've wondered how well being The Oatmeal has financially treated Mr. Inman. Even with the popularity, does he still barely pay the mortgage? Olympic-size pool in the backyard full of $100 bills? If he's driving around in a top-shelf Model S, I guess he's not starving. Regardless, very cool that Musk ponied up. Makes me want to go buy a Tesla even more now. (For those that have no idea without reading the article, the AVICs are a series of car stereo made by Pioneer.) Granted, most of this is probably driven by "can I do it?", but that's a lot of effort and expense to get rid of a nag screen. Though I find the nag screen annoying enough on my AVIC-6000 to have read to the end of the article...only to find out that he hasn't cracked that nut yet. :-( But if you have one of the NEX series, you can watch DVDs as you drive down the road: http://avic411.com/index.php?/topic/38589-official-avic-nex-... . For diagnostic purposes only, of course. Or, if you're like me, you just wanted to get rid of the "OMG, the parking brake wire isn't hooked up correctly!" message because you just grounded that wire instead of actually connecting it to the parking brake switch. Now if I could just get it to stop whining about the speed sensor wire. Most of those links just lead to a zipped version of the 7-zip source code. There's some kind of browser as well. Nothing you can't get elsewhere. I believe that they might be referring to using OSM data. The Scout app for Android has been around for a while. But the copyright notice in the lower right says "year-year TomTom". So I'm thinking that, yes, there are apps for other platforms but they don't use (at least not completely) OSM data yet. EDIT: yup, on Android it's missing a bunch of edits I did to OSM in my neighborhood. Some of those edits are probably a couple of years old, so it looks like they haven't switched over on all platforms yet. Crap article, crap title, written by someone who can't distinguish between "of questionable value and utility" and "malware". Nowhere in the article does it state why MacKeeper is malware. In fact, the last linked article at the bottom ("Please beware") specifically says that MacKeeper is not malware. MacKeeper might be a waste of money, it might use questionable advertising (pop-ups, and typically on less savory sites), but malware it is not. Additionally, the information on AV and how it works is sloppy. This is already covered well by other comments here, so I won't belabor it. When reworded, I don't know that I'd call your points "gains": 1. Saving some money by killing people 2. Exacting revenge We might differ in opinion on the role of government, though. Personally, I don't think either task is the job we want our government to be in. Fair enough, and you pulled off playing the part well enough that I believed you might be sincere. :-) Sadly, part of the reason I thought you might be sincere is because those are the two most commonly used reasons for capital punishment. One can fancy it up with language so that it sounds noble and civilized ("victims' families can have closure"), but it boils down to "we're civilized and humane until it costs money" and "the victims' families want to see the motherfucker fry". (I only raise the last point as a counter-argument to those that have no more idea what the victims' families want than I do.) > Can you recommend a password manager that works on all browsers/devices that you trust? 1Password works on iOS, Android, and Mac (as confirmed by me) and they claim Windows, too. Browser-wise, I can confirm Chrome and Safari. That works for me, as it covers all of my use cases. YMMV, and it most certainly will if you're running Linux. Downside: good $DEITY is it pricey by the time you cover all of your mobile devices and desktops. The amount of hassle it saves me probably pays for it, but covering all platforms at my house is bumping up against $100 (not including a couple of paid upgrades along the way). The U. S. has long been a country of busy-bodies (the Puritans weren't known for keeping their noses out of the business of others), and the example of this story demonstrates that cellphone cameras make it easier to share your nosiness without that uncomfortable confrontation of the past. Before you go off to pull out those "child cooks in car in Texas in July" anecdotes, consider that motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death for children. So if we're collectively that worried about it, let's get up in arms about needlessly taking the child on a car trip before we worry about applying "justice" to someone who left their child in a car in 50F weather. If it were truly a case of "good samaritan" I'd blow it off. But I'm going to guess it was more a case of "she's doing something I think is awful. Regardless of whether harm was done or not, I'm going to go tattle!" > I haven't read Cringely before. Is he a trustworthy reporter, or a sensationalist? I've read him since back in his InfoWorld days. For the most part I'd say "non-sensationalist", unlike say, Dvorak. I'd don't know that I'd classify him as a reporter, but more like a pundit. I mean, I don't look to Cringely for hard facts but more his take on the facts that we collectively know. Anyway, were it the type of thing I care to read about I'd buy his book. EDIT: "Crinkly"? Seriously, Android auto-correct? (Though to be fair, Mac OS X tried the same thing when I fixed it.) And yet there is no "sign up" button that works. Oh, there's a button that says "sign up", but it takes you to a screen where there is no opportunity to sign up. You mean the "sign in" button? Well, a user without sign in creds is going to have to go on faith that if they click that button there will be a place to create an account. Pedantic, I know, but I did scroll through the page looking for a way to create an account. I didn't find one and took the leap of faith that the "sign in" button would offer an account creation opportunity. And, no, I never did sign up. > They are very good at committing to a project, and being in it for the long haul. How so? I can think of several projects ( especially hardware) that they abandoned after the first version. Granted, they gave the Zune a fair shake (though I don't think the iPod had much to be scared of). SPOT, too, considering that smart phones were starting to get useful about a year after SPOT's release. But as a counter example, I know of one unreleased hardware product they're working on right now that stands little chance of going beyond V1 due to (without inappropriately saying too much) a lack of commitment on MSFT's part. Could be that in this case they're not "determined to win", but I'm not in a position to know how determined they are. Did you even read the article in that link? The AMA believes no such thing, quite the opposite. Saying that "thousands believe" does not make for a strong argument regardless. Thousands of people believe all kinds of things we collectively know aren't true (flat earth, didn't land on the moon, take your pick). I just lump loud pipers right in there with the flat earthers and anti-vaxers: people that believe what they want to believe regardless of the facts. You want to make a bunch of noise with your toy? Have at it, but don't try to pass it off as a safety feature. Don't buy into the bullshit. People often don't appear to hear fire trucks, let alone the fruity tone of an uncorked Harley exhaust that is pointing away from the car. If you're getting cut off and frequently have near collisions, ask yourself if there's something you could be doing differently. Take an MSF course, you'll be surprised how lane position and other techniques can make a difference without pissing off your entire neighborhood. If that were true, towns would not have "No compression brakes" signs at the town limits. No one wants a loud ass Harley ridden by wannabe outlaw bikers waking their baby up at 2:00 a. m. That's one reason noise tickets are written (though not nearly often enough) for those with open pipes. I don't understand your complaint. Is it that not everything you might possibly want to download or stream is covered? Are you looking at this not as an added bonus, but less than you expected when you initially signed up with T-Mobile? As I understand it, you can use whatever you want on your phone and that hasn't changed one lick since the announcement. I can type that fast on a phone. I'll assume for the sake of discussion that this number is accurate across a general population. If you sit at a keyboard long enough, how can you not get faster than 12.2 wpm? So much for "kids growing up with computers". All that time in front of a keyboard since kindergarten, and you're output is still restricted by your abysmal typing speed? OTOH, do typing classes even exist anymore, are are we to assume that kids will just learn it by osmosis? When I was in high school I took typing class. On a real typewriter. And it was a manual typewriter...that we could only use in a blinding snow storm while walking uphill. Anyway, I type around 100 wpm now which I attribute to that typing class. Had I just been left to my own devices to hunt-and-peck my way around, I doubt I'd be anywhere near that speed. "because you’re no longer struggling with the tool at hand." I saw this coming somewhere around the first paragraph. Those students who are trying to transcribe lectures and not actually learning anything? My guess is it's because they're burning cycles mentally saying "'the', I need to find 't' and an 'h', aaaaaand 'e'. 'quick', where the hell is 'q'?" As a parallel, take Jimmy Page (Led Zeppelin) as a guitar player. Sure, his playing was sloppy as hell when playing live. But the man knew the fret board. He knew all of the places any note could be played, he knew which boxes will allow the riff he wants to play (in fact, I doubt he thought "which box?" but rather "here's where I need to be"), the man was comfortable with his tool and the guitar has the appearance of being an extension of his hand when he plays. He never looks like he's mentally saying "okay, I need an A# next, which is...". This allows him to move on from rote mechanics to making incredible music. Typing is the same IMO. If you struggle with typing, the first thing you're likely to do is reach for the mouse for anything other than text entry. Which means you reeaach over to the mouse, then mooooove the mouse, click, and...what was it you were doing again? Then when text entry time comes it comes out as "M...y...C...l...a...s...s... ...*...f...o...o". The tool is taking up mental cycles when it should be more of an extension of your thoughts. It's been argued on HN and elsewhere that typing speed has little bearing on productivity for programming since one spends more time thinking than typing. My counter to that is that the two probably intersect more often than you think they do, and when they do you don't want to be burning cycles figuring out which finger to use to reach the "w" key. > Her school does insist that they spend a lot of time using computers for research and writing, and they even take some standardized tests on computers, but they do not teach the kids how to type. (emphasis mine) That's just asinine. When I was in high school 30 years ago, if a school had insisted that all reports be typewritten and yet did not offer typing classes, I'm pretty sure some job losses would have occurred. What other tools shall we insist that children use without instruction? Hand them pencils in 1st grade and demand that they produce legible communication that they're left to just figure out on their own? Here's a band saw for shop class, have a bookshelf done by end of day? > I actually stopped at the part where you practice numbers (and regret it to this day). We learned that in typing class, but I never did "get" the number row. Bane of my existence to this day. I mean, mostly hit what I want but it's not thoughtless tapping like the rest of the keyboard. Don't know if it's my dainty little fingers or what the deal is. > Same blinding snow storm that day! Nah, probably not the same storm. Blinding snow storms were so common back then, it just seemed like it we shared the same weather pattern. Not like the constantly pleasant weather these kids today grow up with. > if they were using drones to position the camera into that potentially dangerous position they might not die. They might not die, but I'd offer that they stand a good chance of losing said buzzing, flying drone to a rock throw that went a little off course. No, seriously, I was aiming for that tree. 1992 ?! Holy smokes, and here I thought I went to a backwater school (and I did) because we were still using manual typewriters in 1980. :-) They upgraded to electrics a year or two later. Movies in the U. S. used to have intermissions. _2001_ has been mentioned here. More recently, _Tess of the D'Urbervilles_ and _Ghandi_ in the 80s. (All of these from memory, I'm sure there are other examples.) It seems that after that cinemas just didn't do it anymore. I understand that cinemas want you in and out as quickly as possible. At the same it would seem they can sell more high-margin soft drinks and popcorn if folks are given the opportunity to do so. In fact, there's no way in hell I'm buying anything at all even before the movie starts if I know it's a 3 hour "epic" that won't have an intermission. I'm going into that with a bladder that resembles Death Valley. > For most of the iPod's lifespan it was not the best product on the market, I first learned the dubious value of reading off a spec sheet after I bought my first iPod. No wireless, less space than a Nomad indeed. But wireless and more space than a Nomad doesn't mean much when your UI and synchronization system is a steaming pile of shit that makes me die a little inside at the mere thought of having to use it. An iPod's specs may not have been top-of-the-line, but the experience sure was in comparison to the competition. A more modern example is the Samsung Gear Fit that I've complained about previously. Lovely piece of hardware that stomps on everything else if one goes by the spec sheet. Unfortunately, Samsung produced a gigantic steaming turd of software (both firmware and more so on the client software side) that makes me regret that I purchased it. Sure, a FitBit doesn't even have a screen, and it's limited in its capabilities, but at least it works . Summary: I vote quality. I upvote plenty of comments I don't agree with that are well-stated. Make a good case, and my agreement or disagreement doesn't matter. And if there's a comment that I agree with but the writer is being name-calling asshole, I click the down arrow. Reputation matters not, though those with a better "reputation" probably earned it by generally avoiding trollish behavior. In general I probably don't fit a lot of the group think that HN is frequently accused of. But if someone makes a well-reasoned case for (say) using Bitcoin to pay my mortgage, I may still think they're nuts while clicking the up button because it makes a positive contribution. I'm going to guess that any dev worthy of the name can discern between a library and core python. I'll allow that I may hold python devs to a standard higher than is realistic (I'm new to using python in my daily work, and not well-versed in how the python community rolls.) As noted elsewhere, there can be a lot of Ctrl/Command-f'ing to find what you want. That, and sometimes I just want an example of what I have to think is the most common case for a function. Instead I often get examples of esoteric cases that I'll likely never do. I mean, it's nice that those capabilities are there and that they're documented, but I just want to (made-up example) search for a simple ASCII substring, not a UTF-8 substring in a Unicode string using a regex all fourteen optional parameters. That said, I wouldn't go so far as to say that the docs are bad , but they could certainly be better. I can most certainly agree because, sadly, it's a POV that hadn't crossed my mind despite being the basis of the article. "The power is just not there yet." Hmm, I don't know that I'd be so sure about that. I was running Leopard and Snow Leopard on an MSI hackintosh that had some underpowered (1.6Ghz?) Atom processor in it. It ran OS X just fine, and I created my first iOS app on that machine. I have no idea how that matches up to today's A7 (and we certainly can't go by Ghz), but that MSI is probably 4 or 5 years old by now. I wouldn't be surprised if an A7 ran OS X acceptably well. But I don't think it's a matter of what an A7 can acceptably run, but rather if Apple sees a compelling reason to do so. Since we're all pulling predictions/hypotheticals out of our nether regions, I'd guess that the closest we'd ever see is an A7-powered Air that gets 24 hours on a battery charge. I assume that HN just picked up the title from the page pointed to by the submitted URL. The page title contains the author name. Odd, it looks like you're getting down-voted. I mean, I'm no more of a fan of "page layout complaint that has nothing to do with the article" comments than anyone else, but I don't know that it's down-vote-worthy. Anyway, at the apparent risk of being on the receiving end of some down votes myself, I'm more curious why giant fonts are a trend. I'm old, I wear progressive lens (what used to be known as "bifocals"), and I still hit the Cmd⌘-+- combo a few times to crank it down to a readable size. Is it some attempt to capture the aging baby boomer market? (I ask with tongue somewhat in cheek...) An entire row of "directors", none of whom have more than six direct reports and no managers below them? Where I come from, those are called "leads". The idea of taking a male teen and stimulating his penis to erection for the purposes of the prosecution sounds nuts, but the nutty part is that it doesn't sounds nuts to the Assistant Commonwealth's Attorney. Granted, she may just be saying that as a negotiation tactic, but even that is sociopathic. But, man, if I lived in that area I would be running for election come the next round, and I'd beat this story into the ground for the entire campaign. Not that I'd want the job. I've run for office, and thankfully lost thus far. But this is one of those times that it's better to have someone who doesn't know what they're doing (and believe me, there are few less qualified for the job of AG of VA than I) than to let these nutcases continue to run the asylum. In this hypothetical case, were I to lose and the incumbents stayed in, this would be the sign for any VA resident to get the hell out as your neighbors obviously think this is okay. As an aside, "special software". Man, I've heard of some verticals in my day, but I'm hoping that's an outrageously small market. (Of course, the guy they quoted is just bullshitting.) I think what the parties involved intend to do is garner votes, fluff their career, or "just follow orders". What those parties are ignoring, either willfully or otherwise, is that they have to commit child abuse in order to achieve those goals. (And, sure, there are probably a few pedophiles in the chain that are looking forward to the implementation of the Assistant Attorney's wishes.) "The police are supposed to protect your children from predators. The Attorney General's office is supposed to prosecute those who would do your children harm. But as the events in Manassas City demonstrate, they are wolves in sheep's clothing. mikestew promises to protect your children, not prey on them. Elect mikestew and he'll make sure the people you're supposed to trust aren't taking nekkid pictures of your kids." Okay, that last sentence might need a little rewording, possibly explaining why I've never been elected to office. But I can't imagine that a decent campaign manager couldn't pull this off in a tasteful manner while still getting the point across. That's pretty insightful. What I hear you saying, and I agree with what I hear, is that some look at alone time as a means of accomplishing a goal (freedom, et. al.) rather than pursing the solitary activity. Contrast that with myself (and I gather you as well) where I pursue a solitary activity for the sake of the activity, and the solitude is a side effect. When I'm riding a motorcycle to a far away destination or running a trail on some mountain, I'm doing it to ride a motorcycle or to go for a run. I don't mind being alone, most likely even enjoy it, but that's not what I'm out there for. The exception could be sitting on a meditation cushion, but to me aloneness (EDIT: in the case of meditation) is more of a requirement than a goal. With all that said, I do have a teensy nit to pick with the title: alone != lonely. Sometimes the two intersect, but not as a rule. > Going for a run in the morning somehow feels less weird than just sitting in my room staring at the wall. It's all about branding. In most settings, yeah, it'd be labelled as weird. But if we call "sitting and staring at the wall" something like "meditation" it becomes all cool and esoteric. :-) (I say this as one who spends at least 30 minutes a day sitting and staring at a wall.) Point taken, though. I guess I have enough solitary activities that I regularly partake in that I never gave thought to those that might need to actively seek out such activities. > I find this frankly implausible. What percentage of people you know have been arrested? The group of people I know is irrelevant. The group of people I currently know is but a small subset of the US population. Upper-middle class, white suburbia. Double income household, with both in the six figures. Yeah, we're just a slice of typical Americana right there. (Though I have been arrested...several times. I was a bad boy once.) But, hey, if you want to talk anecdotes then we can talk about the group of people I used to know. Lower class, much higher percentage of blacks (I currently have no black friends, and barely a few acquaintances). Though it's been a few decades, there were plenty from that group that had been arrested (some of whom I bailed out). Notice how I mention black folk? Yeah, in Indianapolis at the time that was important because the county prosecutor decided that a car full of young black males was probable cause for a traffic stop (swear to $DEITY, that's all that was needed for a stop). So race might skew those numbers a bit through no fault of the folks involved (other than the fact that they were young, male, and "driving while black"). And hence we render anecdotal data useless, which is why we use peer-reviews studies with much larger data sets. Because when you take data just from a redneck city with a redneck prosecutor, race might just make a teensy bit of difference. Or maybe the environment of that particular city. Or maybe it was just the ne'er-do-well friends I hung out with. > I wanna see the data. And you're not looking at those data with your own eyes because...? Platter's not silver enough? Have to hold the spoon yourself? Is there a reason you reposted the entire article? As far as I can tell, it's not behind a paywall (and I'm not logged in). EDIT: never mind, it would appear that some are hitting a paywall. Which is still strange, as I clicked the link straight from HN. College or not, anyone involved in deals involving hundreds of thousands and sometimes millions of dollars should not be writing emails that look like a text message written by a 12 year old. Perhaps I'm selecting the wrong measure of quality, but if a realtor were to send me an email punctuated by a plethora of smiley faces and three periods at the end of sentences, I would find another realtor. I say this based on experience, and the one that communicates with email that appears to be written by an adult turns out to be the one that doesn't annoy me by not listening and showing me houses I have no interest in. Yup, that you do, and crazy it is. What you're supposed to do is get the unlimited text plan so that it doesn't matter. If you don't use SMS enough to justify the $20/month for unlimited, too bad for you (at least for AT&T I'm pretty sure it's unlimited or $0.25/text these days, with nothing in between). Or just do what I did and switch to T-Mobile. Pretty sure AT&T charged for incoming text messages. It's been a while since I've looked at an AT&T bill (I've since switched), so it's possible that I'm mistaken, but I'd give that statement an 85% confidence rating. I water the plants every couple of nights in summer, takes 10 minutes. Mowing the lawn takes 30 minutes every couple of weeks. A small exchange of time to have a backyard for the dogs to play in and to have fresh tomatoes. As a bonus, I refuse to water grass, so I rarely mow in the dry Seattle summers (worry not, it comes back just fine when the rain starts in November). This Indiana boy feels kind of stupid mowing in December, though. Outsource? Bah, I grew up mowing acres so I can manage my lot that is measured in square feet. I'm not paying someone for a task that takes 30 minutes. What's next, pay to have someone load the dishwasher? There is no mower maintenance: it's battery-powered. Pools? I know of one house within a several mile radius of my own house that has a pool. It's right down the street, the dogs and I walk past it all the time. I've never seen anyone in it, and I'm not even sure that they fill it with water anymore. It's Seattle, you'll never use a pool. Playgrounds? The park 400m from my house always has someone using it even in the dark and rainy Seattle winter. The wide gravel trail a block from my house always has traffic. Even during a run at 5 a. m. on a dark, rainy December morning, the mutt and I will see someone out there on the trail. Maybe it's Seattle, maybe it's just my neighborhood, but folks do get outside and utilize what's available to them. Going to need to change the Android app name, too. :-) http://www.bitspin.ch Alternative title: "New Users of Vacuum-Insulated Containers Amazed at How Well They Work". I've used vacuum-insulated containers for decades, and as I read the article I kept waiting for a punch line that never came. The whole point of the article was "wow, it can keep coffee hot for 24 hours". Has the author seriously never opened a day-old Thermos of coffee and drank some? As a side note, Thermos suffers from Kleenex syndrome as the only short version of "vacuum-insulated container" I can come up with is...Thermos(tm). But Wikipedia not only has a better generic name ("vacuum flask"), it also has the interesting history of how Dewar never patented it, and the glassblowers who did the work for him started Thermos: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vacuum_flask If you stay within the Apple ecosystem, 1Password is great. If you stray outside of that bubble, not so great. Their Android app sucks (quit putting an icon in my system bar every time I open the app, for starters), and the Windows version isn't so hot, either. Yeah, it's pricey, but in the end I think it's worth the aggravation and time it saves me. That's the annoying part. I'm not privy to the internal workings, but I just need the app to fire up and stick something on the clipboard. After that, let the OS kill you off because I'll fire you back up again ad hoc. The notification says it's synchronizing with my chosen cloud provider, maybe it doesn't want to get inadvertently killed during that process. Okay, fair enough. But can't the notification be removed after it's done? (An honest, if rhetorical question; don't know enough about Android to say for sure.) I have enough special snowflake apps sticking their crap in the notification bar, one less would be nice. > Was the United States not supposed to go after Osama Bin Laden? Not at any cost, no. Now what with all of the "America...fuck yeah!" rhetoric after Bin Laden was killed, I gather that I might be writing for the minority opinion. How many kids will die because they now won't be getting polio vaccines? How does that number compare to the number killed at the World Trade Center? If the numbers are comparable, then we figure brown kids have less value than Wall Street bankers? So, maybe apply a value of two-thirds (I'm pulling numbers that have been used in the past) one brown kid for someone working in NYC? If not, then what's the math that we can agree on? It was all just a revenge killing anyway. Are we now safer with Bin Laden dead? I'm open to opposing opinions, but as far as I can tell we haven't improved anything. > I find the mistake they made somewhat understandable since they could easily have failed to foresee the consequences of their actions, but it was still a mistake. Yeah, like arming Bin Laden when the Soviets invaded Afghanistan, who would have guessed? Iran-Contra fallout? To an outside observer, it would appear that the CIA may have a sound tactical approach in many cases, but fails miserably at strategy and long-term view. EDIT: oh, yeah, and Iran and the Shah (for the youngin's, the movie _Argo_ gives an ever-so-brief bit of background at the beginning). How could I forget about that textbook example of blowback? What has two thumbs and is an Xbox fanboy? The author of this article. I don't use the derogatory term lightly here; the article is dismissive of genuine complaints, and concludes with "so make up your mind. When will you be happy?" Oh, yes, folk who spent $500 on a console to find out it ain't all that just can't be pleased! (And here's a clue, smart guy: the ones complaining about an issue and the ones complaining when the issue is "fixed" may not be the same people.) You know why users complain? Because there are a bevy of things about which to complain. The author sees this as "can't be pleased". On the contrary, users can be pleased but Xbox started so far in the hole that they'll be a while digging out. Their Kinect argument harkens back to the IE days with the DOJ: "Kinect is so integral to Xbone that we can't unbundle it!" Six months later, in response to low sales and pricing complaints, what do they do? If bought on launch day, that extra $100 gets you a Kinect whose voice recognition engine, on a good day, might hit 80%. More often than not it will leave you asking yourself, "why didn't I just pick up the goddamned controller?" as you repeat the same command three or four times. Most annoyingly there are a number of things that worked wonderfully on XB360 that are broken on Xbone. Their later fixes to the party system took it from "plain broken" to "sucks less than it used to", and it's still a move backward from the 360. Users still occasionally need to power cycle the box just to get the microphone to work. And speaking of voice parties, where in the hell is my wireless headset? I'm astounded that it's going to be close to a year before that piece of hardware comes out (and I've heard nothing to say it will ever come out, but I don't pay a lot of attention). Without writing a line item list of "reasons I wish I didn't spend $500 on an Xbone", I'll summarize. Every Facebook/Google/Whatever article on HN will have someone in the comments who thinks they're clever by pointing out that "if you're not paying for it, you're not the customer, you're the product!" Haha, yeah, you're a real smart guy. But the Xbone comes across as a product that I not only paid dearly for, but I'm still the product. What did Microsoft do to make me happy? Not much in comparison to what they did to make game publishers and content providers happy. Finally, why I scroll through the comments on the article page is beyond me, I know better by now. But this time it paid off with this gem that may state the case better than my paragraphs of text: "Fighting a losing battle...where even your own fans want you to lose just so they can justify how mad they are at you". His comment is plenty useful. We've had computers around long enough that one doesn't need to provide a cost-benefit analysis to justify saying "this is stupid". "Check this out, I've got a box that can play movies. It can immerse you in a 3D video environment that you can interact with. You can talk to people thousands of miles away for free. It allows you access to much of the world's knowledge. It can solve numeric problems that would take years to solve by hand." "Yeah, that's neat and all. How come when I type my name all I see on the screen are squares?" Perhaps it doesn't qualify for the "inexcusable" tag, but it sure seems pretty broken. "It's always been that way" doesn't strike me as a very good resolution reason for the bug. Unless your hypothetical medical advances include more energy and physical flexibility, I'm guessing you're either not anywhere close to sixty or don't have kids. My wife and I (who don't have kids) have discussed that we don't even want a puppy (in contrast to adopting an adult dog) when we're sixty, let alone a kid. Our last puppy was six years ago, and we've sworn off them since. :-) It's like the college kid sitting around with his buds in the dorm room, smoking a little weed: "dude, did you ever think that maybe what I see as 'blue' is different than what you see as 'blue'?" Most of us soon find out that we're not the first to think of it (not even close), and we also quickly figure out why you'd have to be stoned on bud to think that's a deep thought. I mentally picture the same thing here. "Dude, instead of all of these time zones that make my work difficult, what if we had one big time zone?" Based on the comments here, most of us have figured out why it's not a brilliant idea, and no, we're not the first to think of it. The author instead wrote a blog post about it. > As an alternative, wake me up when the USA goes completely metric. Oh, $DEITY, don't get me started on that off-topic topic. All that book learnin' forty years ago and all we got out of it was 2 liter bottles of soda. We don't even get the miles/kilometers signs anymore. At least I rarely have to deal with SAE fasteners these days. But point taken: we're not getting rid of time zones if the U. S. can't even jump on board on the measurement system used by every other country (yeah I exaggerate a bit, Captain Pedantic) in the world. > David Christopher Bell on Cracked.com has made a weekly mockery of the Internet chasing stories that turn out to be completely untrue. Not to be Captain Pedantic, but Mr. Bell seems to write movie stuff. Thinking of a different person, perhaps? I only ask because your comment piqued my interest enough to go look, and all I found was "8 Movie Plots Rendered Completely Implausible Because the Studio Didn't Want to Hire Script Writers That Were Worth a Damn". Thank you. Let's put it another way: reporter who doesn't even begin to have the base knowledge to understand the answer, let alone write about it intelligently, asks "so, what makes your network so secure? Can you give me more details?" Interviewee: " sigh . There are multiple layers of blah-blah, with foobar authentication schemes. That's all the detail I'm prepared to go into." AT&T and Tata don't owe you an explanation just because you think that's the way the world should work. Such an explanation takes time away from doing other things, all so only a tiny fraction of a percentage of the world population can actually understand what was said. If by "cool" you mean "little chunks of text separated by a requirement for the user to keep clicking and clicking and clicking...", then yeah, this site is awesome. That was sarcasm. That site blows, for reasons better outlined by other comments in this topic than my single complaint. I got a couple of clicks in and lost interest. > I find it impossible to imagine any security threat to a flight where the passengers are packing and willing to defend themselves. I suspect the number of people who would carry is smaller than you imagine. I own some handguns, have had a CCW in the past, and I wouldn't carry on an airplane. I'm not opposed to it, I just don't see a reason to do so. Same as I don't see a reason to carry in my eastside Seattle suburb neighborhood when walking the dogs: it's probably the smallest risk I'll face all day. (Granted, I walk two pit bulls so a hand gun seems kind of redundant. ) My second, and largest objection is having a bunch of amateurs of varying abilities shooting in an environment where people are packed in like cattle. The singular time I have ever even considered drawing a handgun for defense, there were people in the area behind the potential target, with a non-zero chance of hitting them were I to miss. Too risky, found another way to resolve the issue. On an airplane? The background behind the target is almost guaranteed to have innocents. I might trust combat-experienced military personnel to take the shot, no way would I trust someone who has only put holes in paper at a shooting range with no adrenaline coursing through their veins (a group which would include myself). As already pointed out in another comment, don't volunteer that you have pot on you. At least make 'em work for it. Oh, you were thinking they were going to go easier on you? It doesn't work that way. On the one hand, yes, current marijuana laws in most states and at the federal level are ridiculous and unproductive. On the other hand, as a Washington resident what do you think I left at home on a recent motorcycle trip out of state? There's the way we think things should be, and then there's reality. And the reality is that the states through which I would be traveling are not quite as enlightened as WA when it comes to pot possession. I mean, come on, it's not like pot laws are the only laws that differ from state to state (I refer the skeptical to state liquor laws). I understand that folks will say "I didn't know." and "But I thought that..." to the press, and it's probably the wiser answer should one be interviewed by a reporter. But I don't seriously believe that someone buys pot in WA and thinks that driving through ID with a quarter ounce is a-okay. Upvote for the turn signals. Traveling with contraband? Be a model driver. > When I booked flights to Dublin recently, I felt being cheated on even though I checked everything twice and googled some. Why on earth would you do business with a company that makes you " cheated"? RyanAir ran off all of the other airlines? They had the only flight to Dublin to see your poor, sick mother? Flights so cheap that you're willing to put up with the bullshit? It's an honest question, and I've heard some answer it with "they're so cheap, I'm willing to put up with dealing with weasels." But it sounds like the whole weasel-dealing thing isn't for you. One of the reasons I fly SouthWest, even when they're not the cheapest or most convenient, is because I don't feel like I need to watch my back when dealing with them. > Actually it does. Did you not read the article? My comment was a counterpoint to the actions of a person who did exactly what you recommend, and now he's facing ten years. > Trust me, it's always better to cooperate with the cops. If we're going to play a round of Anecdotal Evidence: Home Edition, I can tell several stories of how keeping my mouth shut worked out just fine, and one story of how cooperating was the worst of all the choices available to me. The story I heard, and I don't care enough to even go looking for a link, was that some executive's wife couldn't make a phone call while on their yacht and thus the idea of Iridium was born. Whether or not that is true (and I would guess it's either not, or heavily exaggerated), either your story or mine does seem to drive home the misplaced optimism of the Iridium investors. Speaking for myself, when I'm touring the US on a motorcycle I can make do with some lack of cell coverage. If I really cared that much, and needed emergency communication, I'd bring a handheld amateur radio with which I can just about always hit a repeater when a cell phone has no signal. If I were to absolutely, positively have to have some means of emergency comms, I'd go buy a SPOT for a lot less than Iridium. And if Iridium ever had a chance to at least be viable, SPOT seems to have put a nail in that coffin. So the market we're left with is folks that have a need to vocally chatter to someone else no matter the circumstances. There are only so many war zone reporters and mountain climbers to go around, though. As demonstrated, herding breeds of dogs do have a method to their herding madness. But this seems to be an outcome of a herding breed's broader ability to do general ad hoc problem solving. For one example, take the "dog wraps leash around object" problem. You know, walking the dog, dog on the leash lets a tree get between itself and you, dog is stumped how to proceed further. Herding breeds seem to have a higher percentage of success in figuring out how to undo the situation, where others stand there and look at you as if to say, "I'm stuck, fix it!" (Source: walking and training dogs at the local animal shelter.) That particular behavior is not exclusive to herding breeds, as one of our pit bulls has this mastered to the point of knowing to avoid letting objects get between us in the first place. But she's otherwise dumb as a rock and wouldn't have the first clue what to do with a herd of animals (well, other than try to eat them) and gets stuck on other problems. As for the robots, meh, dogs are a lot cheaper and more fun to play with when the work's done. Yeah, I used to consider myself a "hands-off" manager. I realized that I really was just a "lazy" manager. There's a happy medium between micro-managing and not doing your job. Don't get me wrong, I like folks who can be wound up and sent on their way, and they come back with the job done without my intervention. But there's managerial janitor work that always needs to be done. Whether it's helping someone navigate a political landscape, or just making sure they have the equipment necessary to get the job done, there's grunt work. And from my experience, management done right isn't nearly as glamorous as being a trench-working IC coder. If you take a management job so you can be "the boss", I think you're doing it wrong and are going to suck as a manager. If you just visited the downtown area, some would argue that you didn't see the "real" Detroit. I might be one to make that argument had I been to Detroit in the last 15 years. Tell you what, could you do me a favor and catch a bus up to around 6 Mile Road and Woodward Ave. and let me know how things are looking? :-) (Seriously, though, unless Detroit has undergone some hard-core gentrification in the last decade, please don't do that.) > I'm pretty sure my next phone in a couple years will probably be another Note. That's an interesting contrast to my Note 3 experience, in combination with the Gear Fit. Fantastic hardware, abysmal software that's so bad I went back to an iPhone 4S until the iPhone 6 comes out. A few examples so you know I'm not just talking from my nether regions. S Note: great until it loses data. I think they've fixed it since, but not something I'm inspired to use for serious note taking. I mean, c'mon, your premier differentiating feature (take notes with a stylus) loses my data? Image Gallery: it has never worked. Take some pictures, there's no way to view them without a 3rd party app because Image Gallery pretends they don't exist. It did this straight out of the box. Reset the phone once (for reason other than Image Gallery), and it still didn't work. Those are just two examples, I'll not bore anyone with the rest. I bought the Gear Fit. Again, nice hardware and a steaming pile of shit for firmware/software. Advertised features just plain didn't work (confirmed by others). At this point it looks like those advertised features are never going to work because Samsung has moved on to the next big idea. Until Samsung can somehow convince me that the software running on their hardware is something more than just an afterthought written by summer high school interns (with apologies to high school interns that don't suck), it's the last piece of Samsung kit I will ever buy. Samsung strikes me as a company that comes out with some great hardware ideas, and then doesn't know what to do with them. Alternatively, they might think cool hardware is enough, and software isn't an important part of the user experience. But I don't care what the root reason is, there's no more Samsung at our house. > I haven't experienced any data loss with S Note yet. But I'll be on the lookout for it to happen. Best I can tell, Samsung's fix was to auto-save on a timed interval. I haven't timed the intervals, but there is still a (smaller) risk of data loss if my guess is correct. But at least you shouldn't come back to review a note and find a blank page. > If somebody else came out with a good S-Pen enabled notepad app, I'd switch tomorrow. Papyrus looks pretty good. It could use some more work, but if your note-taking needs aren't complicated (IOW, it's no OneNote), it seems to be well done. I tried a bunch, and that seemed to be the best of the bunch. Others had more features but confusing UI, or just weren't as polished. The one thing that S Note has going for it is Evernote integration. If S Note hasn't lost your note, the Evernote integration works well and to my recollection never failed. Hopefully you'll see this, I didn't deem it worthy of an unsolicited email: I fired up OneNote for Android last night and the "What's New" screen says "inking". I only confirmed last night that it actually works, I have no idea if it can do any text recognition on the ink or not. OneNote sound like it's more complicated than you want, but it is another stylus-aware option for you. Me, much as I might dislike the Note 3 overall, it's the one thing that will have me keeping the Note around for a little while longer. But my SIM will remain in the iPhone. :-) If everyone quit eating meat, I would assume there would be market research into why that happened. Change would then occur. Now, of course that's never going to happen but on the other hand I don't think buying $20 chickens is in a practical sense going to do much, either. But one of the reasons I'm a vegetarian is not to effect change (because it probably won't) but to simply not participate. I choose not to pay people to torture animals for me by proxy. It's all philosophical differences, IMO. Fact remains that there are far more people out there that are concerned about saving fifty cents on their next roaster. But choosing not to play is as valid a reason as any, even if it's just so one can sleep better at night. Gruber's often an insufferable Apple mouthpiece who thinks way too highly of himself, and has been for the last ten years that I've paid attention. That doesn't keep me from reading everything in the RSS feed, though. Hell, I've even spent considerable sums of money to advertise on his podcast. But this exchange doesn't surprise me. What does surprise me is how Marco was happy to be one of Gruber's flying monkeys on Twitter. Maybe Marco has an interest in the fight that is unknown to me, dunno. Anyway, I don't care one way or the other. If forced to care, I'd even side with Gruber on the principles. But don't be shocked that some parties handled this in a less than graceful manner. Don't know about OP, but for me it flips the "GWBASIC" switch. I'll admit to my own biases, and one of those biases is based on some design decisions in BASIC. So, right or wrong, when I see old BASIC code I go "ugh". By extension, when I see a language construct that I haven't seen since I last looked at BASIC I also go "ugh". You're right, I need to get over it and I will. But for the time being a little piece of me whinces when I type "let foo = 3". "OMG, should I be numbering my lines, too?" "$350!? And it can't even do the things my highly specialized device can do." It's funny you should mention the Forerunner 910, because you know what the 910 can't do? Be a watch. But that's okay because you didn't buy it to be a watch. Besides, I'm the only runner I know that doesn't bring a phone with me when I run. The 910 is capable of displaying the time of day, but it should be glaringly obvious to anyone that owns one that telling you the time is a peripheral feature that comes for free because of the nature of GPS devices. Combine that with a 20 hour battery life (probably far less if you're in an office and the GPS receiver is cranked all day), huge size, and questionable aesthetics, and it's obvious that Garmin did not intend for you to wear it to work. Not that it keeps people from trying if the Garmin forums are indicative of anything. And Captain Pedantic has swooped in to inform us that the ridiculously accurate clocks live on the GPS satellites not on the device. Note that I've done none of this, but if you're looking for "closest possible" I'd travel out to the Snoqualmie Pass area and head up something like NF-54 to Stampede Pass. Probably still too much light, but it's an hour one-way. Don't try it in the winter, and a Subaru Outback-ish vehicle would be preferred (though I saw a late-model Mustang come off Stampede Pass this past week). One of these days I'll take my R1200GS motorcycle up there in the middle of the night. If you're looking for more dark, but more travel time, just about anything between Snoqualmie Pass and Spokane and off I-90 a ways should offer a good bit of darkness. Think US-97 toward the Canadian border: open high desert, not a lot of civilization. > I most states its legal for cycles (motor and non) to pass cars and pull to the head of the line at a light. It's legal in exactly one state: California. I think it's a wink and a nod for bicycles (or maybe it is legal for pedal bikes, I just don't care enough to look), but it is most definitely illegal outside of CA for motorcycles. One lane == one vehicle. I can even dig out the relevant section of the Revised Code of Washington, 'cause it sure would be sweet to lane split in WA but the RCW says "no". > Why are employers linked to healthcare? The idea is clearly insane Because socialism is evil: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_insurance_in_the_United... I mean, it's trite but that's what it boiled down to. Truman had the idea of a an optional, government-backed health plan. Someone trots the magic "socialism" trigger word, and labor unions settled for employer-provided health insurance instead. (Though I wonder how Truman's plan would be self-sustaining if it were optional. We have enough problems financing not-optional plans.) "A traveller usually understands that itineraries are pretty useless, admits ignorance, and is open to whatever the road may bring." That pretty much sums up most of the travel my wife and I do on motorcycles (sometimes to her chagrin). In a week or two we'll travel up to Canada for a week. Where in Canada? Umm, British Columbia, maybe over to Alberta. What do we plan to see? I have no idea. Lots of provincial parks, I imagine. I have a very loose route planned, which we'll probably abandon by Day 2, and that's about it. Getting late in the year, might hit snow in higher areas, in which case we'll turn back. We have to be home the following Monday. That's our itinerary. Semi-randomly wandering around isn't for everyone. Despite the loose plan, there's still planning to be done, either at the supper table in the evening or a map and breakfast in the morning. If you don't like to think during your traveling, it's definitely not for you what with ad hoc planning and a dozen off-the-cuff decisions throughout the day. But you know what? One will often see and experience things because they're worth seeing or experiencing, not because you're told to go see them. I'm as much about the random roadhouse diner with an owner who can tell you the history of the area going back the four generations his family has lived there as I am about seeing the Grand Canyon (which is a bit overrated, IMO). One of these days maybe we'll do a cruise where every minute is planned. But not for a while, if ever. The update was pulled. Problem is, if you were quick on the draw and updated as soon as it came out, there's no ipsw for the iPhone 6/+ on the dev center. Though the solution is to restore to last known good, LKG is not available through the usual channels. Though I've pointed out before that I don't think formal testing is a big part of Apple culture, I'm at a loss to come up with how this passed the most basic smoke testing. Or to flip it around, what random variable wasn't accounted for that allowed the devices in the test matrix to pass? Sure, it seems obvious that Apple just didn't test it. But c'mon, we know that can't be true. They must have loaded on some iPhone 6s. So what's the missing piece? As our probably ten year old Panny plasma begins to look more and more outdated, I'm looking at options. I don't know that 4K won't turn out to be the next 3D TV, but this looks like a potential option. If it turns out that I should have stuck with the few remaining plasma vendors, I can always turn it into a computer monitor. Peripherally, I hate to be the guy to complain about the web layout (especially when the complaint is "it renders funny on WinPhone 6.x"), but I'm on a 13" MacBook Pro using regular ol' Safari, and that page is (for me) unreadable. I mean, I could read it, but I don't want to. Too much scrolling for the next tiny nugget of information, scrunched pictures, just plain work to try and get to the bottom. I agree, carriers might be the likely candidate. As for a smoke test, I'm seeing reports from users on US carriers. If it were "phones break on some obscure carrier in China", okay, fine. But when it appears to be breaking on carriers that are available to the testing labs right there in Cupertino, meh, it's got to be at least one other thing. As another commenter said, I'd love to see a post morteum strictly in the interests of "don't let this happen to you". Sadly, we're unlikely to ever see it. Thanks for the tip, I'll make a note of it if we get that far east. IIRC, some in the online motorcycle community have pointed out the Kananaskis area as well. Steak house: noted. As a vegetarian, I might miss out on the restaurant's most notable feature, but my wife still enjoys a good steak from time to time, and I can appreciate a restaurant for what it is rather than whether they have my food of choice. Snow might be an issue, but warmth won't. Electrically heated jacket liners and heated handlebar grips can go a long way toward keeping warm in low temps. :-) (Though I just looked, yeah, going across Banff to get there could be a problem in October. Part of the adventure is seeing how the weather holds and adjust accordingly.) Too late to EDIT, so I'll reply to my own post. There are 8.0 images available from Apple, just not publicized on Apple's website. iPhone 6: http://appldnld.apple.com/iOS8/031-05647.20140917.b0n9s/iPho... iPhone 6 Plus: http://appldnld.apple.com/iOS8/031-05555.20140917.YWW0v/iPho... Caveat: I have not tested these myself, nor has anyone on my team. We are holding off until we deem it necessary to get the devices working again (an enthusiastic tester who was quick on the draw this morning managed to hose our only two iPhone 6 devices.) Kind of old-fashioned, don't you think? All that hard work and patience, building a solid product that people actually need. Much easier to win the VC/exit lottery with a Cat-Pictures-as-a-Service product. On a side note, boy, I'm at a loss to come up with a reason for someone to down vote you. Factual statement, complete with a reference to where you got your information, and some little shit who doesn't like facts comes along and clicks the down button. That, or someone on a mobile device who tried to click one of two buttons that are separated by about four pixels, and hit the wrong one. The good news is that one of those can be fixed. A Garmin Forerunner might be up your alley, and their GPS watches are down to around a hundred dollars these days. No other "smart" functionality, though. I leave the Pebble and Samsung Gear at home when I run. Rumors outrace truth, online or not; an observation allegedly made over 100 years ago by Mark Twain long before DARPA got a bright idea about networking: “A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.” [0] [0] https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/76-a-lie-can-travel-half-wa... Your comment is no less shitty. If you're going to come right out and label it a "shitty comment" and claim that it makes the world a worse place, you better be backing it up and not running away with "oh, but I can't be bothered to explain it". You don't have time? Maybe you shouldn't be reading HN and making hit-and-run comments, and go back to your editor of choice if you're that pressed. What's so inappropriate? Has the story been debunked as not being true? Were women, in fact, not banned by the named authority for a period of time? Or did you take it as some misogynistic comment about how girls shouldn't make space flights? If you've assumed that the reason for your vitriol should be obvious to all, you'd be wrong. I read the OP comment and only thought, "hmm, didn't know that. Will have to go read up on that later." And those signs aren't even what was intended. "Motor vehicle"? Oh, okay, then my Nissan Leaf is not allowed because it has an electric motor, but my motorcycle is okay because it uses an gasoline engine , not a motor. But I know what they meant, and keep my motorcycle off the bicycle trail. However, the pedant and software developer in me is bothered just a little when I read those signs. I'm sure that there are possibly ways to hack at things from the command line, and maybe even apps developed for such a thing (there used to be, years ago, but I'm pretty sure those APIs got deprecated). But if one goes the common route, that being the Mac OS version of Windows Control Panel called "System Preferences", one has little control other than setting highlight color, overall color (blue or gray). No font options. I'm fine with that, I'm not one to spend time fiddling to get just that right shade of red in the title bar. As for down votes, you've got enough karma/imaginary Internet points to quit worrying about it. I've seen my own comments get down voted for asking the most innocuous questions couched as politely as I could. Usually involves Mac stuff, too. Which is ironic given the amount of Apple stuff in my house (read: it's all Apple), and I'm typing this on my work MacBook. Yeah, I'm a hater. > In this case though there is nothing obvious, so i am honestly curious what about my post someone disagreed with strong enough to click that button. Seriously, don't spend the CPU cycles on it. See this post? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8363269 . Sure it has 10 points now, but someone down voted it minutes after I posted it. I have no idea why. Maybe a bad day at work, maybe the down voter is just an asshole taking advantage of their 500 karma and anonymity. But you'll rarely get an answer, so move on and let them seethe about it ("I'll show that asshole, with my might power of Down Arrow!") instead of you. It's the "takes this car seriously" part that matters a lot. I've seen one or two i3s around the Seattle area, but Teslas and Nissan Leafs fill the roads around here, so there's bound to be a few BMW early adopters. Is the i3 going to sell in Indianapolis, though? I already have a Nissan Leaf. But if I were to have never owned an electric car and were to go buy one today, it'd be a Leaf or a Tesla. Why? Because I've already bought a lifetime of half-assed, soon-to-be-unsupported tech. Those items were typically less than $1000 (though I've purchased some duds that were more pricey). If I'm dropping $30K or more, it's for damned sure going to be from a company that I'm confident is in it for the long haul (and not, as you say, making an "eco-statement"). Right now Nissan and Tesla are the only ones that have convinced me that they fit that requirement. It could have nothing to do with Amazon being petty. A coworker was complaining of the same thing, only the Chase card that isn't supported was some airline-branded card. The rest of his Chase cards are supported. Even within the article under "Related" there's a link to a story titled "Long Live Vacuum Tube Amps" from earlier this year. Perhaps a more accurate title would be "...Last Mass-Market Vacuum Tube Product". Because even just last year I bought a nice little desktop tube guitar amp, and it looks like the Fender Greta is still being sold. (Which I'd recommend if you're looking for a tiny amp to noodle around with and still get crunchy tube goodness.) Not an artist or album specifically, but Soma.FM is my go-to for work noise. Instrumental electronica, ambient, or you get it it with lyrics if you like. One of my faves is ambient with SF public safety radio (police, fire) dubbed on top. Sounds weird, but works well for technical work. Seems the post is less about "why u need camera?", as the author gives reasonable explanations for the "why", but more about why aren't Android permissions more granular? I think the answer to that question is how often should the user be bothered to think about permissions? Android gets it all done up front, at the cost of it being "all or nothing". Apple let's you deny permissions at runtime, at the expense of bothering you each time the app wants to use (say) the camera. None of which makes the post particularly front page worthy. "Why does $RANDOM_APP need to use my microphone?" Because Android permissions model, which has been rehashed to death; next question. > Perhaps developers should be able to explain permissions in the application's manifest file (where permissions are defined). That doesn't really solve the problem, though. The author of the post explains why, a description isn't needed. Of the Android apps I've installed that ask for more than I care to give, I can come up with reasonable explanations as to why they might need those permissions. But I just don't want to give them regardless of need, so I don't install the app. > Their own software, I don't know, I've ranted about this more than enough on HN, so I'll summarize: Samsung's software is consistently complete shit. I would be truly surprised if during a security audit Knox turned out to be secure using even the most liberal definition of "secure". I think they've since fixed this on iOS, at least for synching to the phone app (which was temporarily disabled as well on iOS). It looks like it now syncs as soon as the app is fired up. However, I'm not sure that the Pebble app even requires the Misfit mobile app. So you could just run the Pebble app, and remember to look at the stats on the watch at least once a week. Even at $19 pre-order for Prime members, of which I am one, I can't even make this an impulse buy. I have an Xbox One and an Apple TV already, and all I see with this thing is "one more remote". (It doesn't help that my ancient Panny plasma only has one HDMI port, but I have a switch box.) Now it's possible I'm just not the target market, that being "I don't have a streaming box already". I skimmed the list, though, and...nah. Music? Gawd, I've got more music options these days than I'll ever listen to. Video content, I've got video content. Hate to be the cranky old man here, but most TV content is crap (as it has always been), and of the non-crap stuff I just get it from iTunes or I can watch on Amazon Prime via the Xbox. Games? Did I mention I have an Xbox? I'm not saying this is the next Fire Phone, but I do wonder who will be buying this. Not me, and I was looking for an excuse to spend $19 on a new gadget. The Pebble app/iOS app syncing used to be buggy as hell (retrying a few times might get it to sync). The updated iOS app seems to sync reliably now. As for sleep tracking, as far as I can tell you have to push a button at bedtime. Don't care much about sleep tracking, so I haven't researched to see that my assessment is correct. Still, not a big deal to me when I do use it. > I would just give up on the continuous HR monitoring. I'm not sure of the actual value after having a basis watch for over a year now. It strikes me as a "because we can" feature. Frankly, step counters almost fall into that category: "what can we do with solid-state accelerometers and gyros now that they're $2 in lots of 10K?" But beyond counting steps, not a lot has been done. (The exception were the Nike+ shoes, but I can't even find them on the Nike site anymore. Pity, too, as they were actually pretty cool.) I fail to see the value of continuous HR monitoring. For starters, as others have pointed out, it's a PITA to get it working and keep working. I'm a scrawny guy with single-digit body fat % (I assume that the monitor has less to have to look through), and I still have to clamp a Samsung Gear Fit to my wrist to get it to work consistently. Second, what does it tell you? Your resting HR? You can do that without having to turn your hand blue from lack of blood flow. HR during exercise? Doesn't work that well, if at all, and is a HR strap that much of a burden? That your HR rises when you get pissed off in that meeting with your boss? Duh. Maybe it's a useful metric, but I haven't seen any information on how it's useful...other than "because we can". > However, I doubt that it's that accurate. It's not that it's not accurate. In comparisons of two products (Samsung Gear Fit and an as-of-yet-unannounced product) with my Polar and Garmin straps, it seems to be close enough...when it works. And that's the trick, because if I can't consistently get it to work, then it effectively doesn't work at all. But if the strap isn't tight, forget it. And during exercise it just won't reliably give you HR regardless. Either it just gives up, or it tries to pretend that it worked when conditions were not optimal to get an accurate reading. > The moment I see serious fitness nerds jumping from Polar to FitBit, I'll join them. Until then, I remain skeptical. Serious fitness nerd here (well, just an obsessive runner, really) with a shelf full of Garmin and Polar devices. I doubt FitBit will ever even try to grab that market. If they do, they appear to lack the experience (and chops, for that matter) to pull off grabbing the 70 mile/week marathoner market (or serious triathlete, et. al.). It's a big jump from "inactive person who needs motivation to get off their ass" to "serious athlete who wants accurate telemetry presented in a useful manner". Even Garmin and Polar struggle with that, and they've been at it for years. Anyone that's been around a while for things like DivX (no, the other one that the now-bankrupt Circuit City backed) and Plays for Sure (until we yank support) knows how this is going to end. Though disappointing that those backing this can't read those same tea leaves, what's really disappointing is that consumers are just going to have to wait while this plays out to the inevitable conclusion. Look retailers, we understand why you're trying this, but snowballs in hell stand a better chance. Save us all a lot of waiting, and save yourselves some expense, own up to the inevitable and put the NFC readers back. In the meantime, expect not another dime from me, as I will actively go out of my way to avoid you and will actively seek out your competitors who have NFC readers. EDIT: oh, wait, is it just CVS, RiteAid, and Walmart? So much for my boycott, as I'm willing to just do without before shopping at any of those three, NFC readers or not. $226 USD for a new keyless entry fob for a Nissan Leaf (selected because it's what I own): http://www.nissanofelkgrove.com/versa-intelligent-key.htm Or am I misunderstanding what you mean by "keyless"? Something has to authenticate the "keyless" part. As far as I can tell from using two optical HR devices, the accuracy is all over the place during exercise. So it's not as simple as -+X bpm. If that were the case I could live with it for sufficiently small values of X. But X may be 10, it may then go to 40 (no, I'm not exaggerating), then down to 5 or less. Like a bathroom scale, accuracy isn't an issue if it's consistently inaccurate. But during exercise optical HR monitors give the appearance of being a RNG with LED lights, without the advantage of sufficient entropy to be used for cryptography. IOW, kinda useless. A bit off-topic, but I find it interesting how your experience differs from mine. Most of the time I slap my strap on bone dry and it works fine. If not, a little lick on each electrode gets it working. I do have some gel I bought at the behest of my wife, because she finds the application of saliva to be disgusting. Right, because it's gross to put spit on something that's going to be stewing in my sweaty juices in just a few minutes. But once it's working, it stays working (probably because I sweat profusely during exercise). Anyway, I wonder if the difference is body chemistry, maybe you have a little more fat (single digit % here), or who knows what. They don't do this on unlimited, as far as I can tell. However, if you're not on an "unlimited high-speed" plan, they will throttle to almost unusable speeds. It might be that you don't use as much data as you think. I use my phone for data stuff all day long, but don't stream music or video, and it's the rare month I go over a gigabyte. Apparently perusing stock prices and weather reports doesn't use all that much. However, on a recent motorcycle trip in Canada it hit some limit and got throttled. Non-https would work if I was really patient. Apple Maps worked okay, if slowly. Google Maps: don't even bother. EDIT: I got it wrong. I got throttled because a 3rd-party contractor dug up Frontier's FioS lines, so I used my phone as the house hotspot on a 5Gb plan. Then we tried to watch something on the Apple TV. In HD. Oopsie. Upgraded to unlimited high-speed data after that. The Canada thing was T-Mo's "unlimited data in select countries". Problem there is that high-speed is quite tiny (200Mb?), then it's throttled. They'll sell you an international roaming pass for a reasonable price, though. > That's my main problem with the fitness app industry at large. They are much more focused on steps, running and calories than actual fitness. Because that's easy to measure with accelerometers and gyros, and easy to display some numbers. Go do some stuff with your device along for the ride, see a pretty graph when you're done. Did I do more than yesterday? Hurray! Now to post it to Facebook with the handy "Share" button. I think I'm doing something (and I am, even if not optimal for fitness goals), and I don't have to think very hard about it. The type of user your site is attracting are the people who don't pay attention to all of the step/calories stuff anyway. I'm a pretty hard-core runner (yeah, I should lift more), and step count is a mere novelty for me. There's nothing about Google Fit that attracts me (Garmin Connect keeps track of most of that stuff anyway). But I'm not their market. You don't get why they're not using the system you just called "retarded"? You'll forgive me if I'm a bit confused. MCX's privacy policy is a hoot, and worth a read if you like picking such things apart: http://currentc.com/50D6A97C-4B72-44D6-9021-BE0884ED2F8D/pri... Where you see "enhance services", read it as "mine the hell out of your data and sell it". Amongst all of that "service enhancement", there's this gem: We do not respond to web browser “do not track” signals at this time. They'll also track which pharmacy you go to, and the time and frequency of when you get your prescriptions. And so on, and so on. Apple and the rest of the NFC stakeholders could have a lot of fun with this. But I think they'll wisely just sit back for now and watch the whole thing blow up on its own.