>Voila, you have basically got bitpay. Yeah because their service can be reduced to 100 lines of code. Infrastructure, support, all the services they provide anyone could mimic with 100 lines of code, right? That's nonsense. All credit to bitpay for pushing the envelope towards mainstream adoption of Bitcoin. Don't listen to those people. Vim was very much worth the initial learning curve, for me at least. I never really used Sublime that much, so I can't speak for it. Maybe it gives you 80% of vim's productivity for 1/4th of the effort, but make no mistake, vim is an absurdly powerful tool which I'm 99% sure beats Sublime out of the water (though, again, I never got deep into Sublime, so take this with a grain of salt). Oh and the learning curve thing is greatly exaggerated, often by vim users themselves, seeking to brag to everyone about how they mastered the "fearsome learning curve of vim". The fact that that doesn't translate to actual benefits in metrics such as happiness or healthcare or income equality just goes to show how little raw money actually means. Correct me if I'm wrong, but the point of the guy you were arguing with in that thread was that the Ax standard was defined in terms of SI units as the US imperial units are? The very same thing happened in Portugal, where the Ministry of Education's guidelines for gauging teacher performance included taking the mean of a test graded in percentage points with another evaluation on a 1 to 5 scale.. by adding them and dividing by two! Made even more embarrassing by the fact that the Minister is a mathematician. Not that I disagree with you, but illustrating your point by comparing a madly cost-effective ASIC today to a madly overpriced PC several years old is a bit misleading. Why does it break the torrent model? Does it rely on having a "randomized" block download order? I know all that. My point is that in order to make a fair comparison you might as well compare an ASIC with a your point still stands the same . There is absolutely no need to fudge up the numbers because ASICs outclass general purpose hardware by orders of magnitude anyway. It's dishonest and with absolutely no need for it. As an aside, my 2 year old laptop gets 20MH/s and a latest-generation desktop CPU gets close to 100MH/s. If it stands across the board, all the more reason not fudge up by using an overpriced dated laptop as comparison instead of a recent desktop for instance. It would even illustrate the point better (even your "gaming" grade desktop will be orders of magnitude less efficient than a specialized ASIC). Funny how the superfluous Caps Lock key gets replaced with a search key. The point is that that vs doesn't even make sense. It's like saying what wheel is your favorite in your car, the front left or the rear left. Arguing for calculus vs linear algebra is equally stupid. They are different branches of mathematics with different domains of application. If you were looking to become a programmer, maybe you shouldn't have majored in chemstry, where strong Calculus foundations make perfect sense :) About your last paragraph, I would say that that is even more important to optimize and to make low level layers for than graphical game engines (believe it or not :)). The thing is while gaming is seen as a "performance critical" application, where it is natural to want the maximum performance to be squeezed out of your hardware, Web development is just a behemoth of inefficiency, and we think that that is the norm , an inevitable drawback of developing for the web, an inescapable trait of web applications. Web apps are dozens or even hundreds of times slower than native applications, and we think nothing of it, because it seems to be an inherent characteristic of the web about which we can't do anything. Your comment made me reconsider that. Maybe it doesn't have to be so. What if there was a Vulkan for the web, instead of the layers upon layers of inefficiency which are all the rage these days? What if I could run a medium complexity web page or app without it bogging my computer several times harder than a comparable native app? With a built-in encryption layer (on top of eventual HTTPS) it could be a useful "hack" for the kinds of situations mentioned in the readme. I wonder how facebook and the telecos will feel about this. All in all, a cool concept but unlikely to work in practice if either facebook or the telecos do not want to. I don't know the specifics about how the surveilance is implemented, but embedding encrypted payload in benign files is a neat idea to bypass internet censorship, at least in principle. Don't forget about Bitcoin. Wait, there's a fee to withdraw money from ATMs? Never heard of such a thing. Interesting concept, but some video of the results is missing. There's absolutely no reason to go on that kind of rant. We all know that. What the parent post was referring to was only the inflation due to the cost of living in developer hubs like SF. Truly a down-to-earth man. It would be easy for a person in his position to have fame and money go up to is head. But all the man wants to do is read books and play chess. Maybe more of us should be like him. Can you elaborate on what exactly do you do with it, and how? Why so? Why does it hit the middle earner? The fact that families with incomes under 125k pay no tuition doesn't mean that families in a higher income bracket get hindred. In fact, "Families with incomes at higher levels, typically up to $225,000, may also qualify for financial assistance, especially if more than one family member is enrolled in college. Financial aid offers vary by family, but the financial aid expansion for 2015-16 will allow Stanford to reduce the expected parental contribution for many families at these higher income levels." The Chromebit is probably the most exciting thing in that post for me. I wonder if it'll be this time that a company gets the plug-n-play PC right. I remember the big promises Ubuntu Phone, for example, made in this department. This measure is bullshit. Wasn't personal computing ubiquitous for two decades now? "In mathematics and computer science, an algorithm [...] is a self-contained step-by-step set of operations to be performed." -Wikipedia It's a detailed recipe to perform a task, so it's an algorithm. Alarming is the proper way to describe it. I remember how I thought it would never happen that I would buy a book and have it deleted remotely from my device when it so pleased the bookstore. But it happened. Then I thought absurd how anyone could seriously believe that the NSA was massively spying on its citizens and performing surveillance "carpet bombing". But then lo, Snowden happened. Time and time again it happened. And invariably, Stallman was right all along. Yeah, I really don't see the GP's point. The price for zero-cost abstractions and expressiveness is a monstrous complexity. If you want clean, expressive and easy-to-write code, you have a ton of languages where you can do just that. If you want performance and expressiveness, you will have to do with C++'s complexity. Speaking of backwards compatibility, I much prefer C++'s overzealous stance over the instability and inconstancy of Rust that prevents it from being used in any serious work. This is okay, it's a beta. I'll reserve judgment on Rust for now. But Rust also introduces complexity, while improving substantially in many areas. Of course it will do things better than what a language initially designed decades ago will do. A large amount of important systems rely on C++ and so it cannot change overnight, if at all. Rust on the other hand is free to experiment. The cost, at least in this early period, is unreliability. When, or if, Rust becomes as performant as C++, with a comparable number of libraries and platform support, then it will be a viable alternative (and I hope that day comes). For now, the only possibility for this use case is C++. I disagree. If there is one thing that is effectively endless is books to read. If you read one book per week for you entire life you would barely scratch the surface. This means that there is an incredible variety of books ranging from the fun entertaining page-turners those books that you "need a degree" to understand. The thing is, just because a book has a higher entry barrier (and a higher payoff) doesn't mean that it is objectively bad because it doesn't appeal to everyone. Maybe it's not for you, but it can certainly be appealing to many people who enjoy delving into a book and analysing if and so on. I don't have an English degree so I probably won't be arsed to put it the effort to read Finnegans Wake or whatever. But I certainly enjoy reading and analysing boss with more depth than DaVinci's Code. The same thing happens with games. Maybe you have no interest learning chess, and prefer to play Angry Birds because it gives instant payoff with little effort. And that's fine. But it doesn't mean that chess is "objectively inferior" because there is depth to it enough to study full-time for a lifetime. Same thing happens with music, and any art form, I guess. Complexity is not synonym with intentional or unnecessary obfuscation. The latter is just a silly way to create needless barriers to the understanding of the work. I'd like to say that I can't speak much for books. Like I said I don't read heavy classics nor do I spend dozens of hours analysing a text, but I sometimes do with music. Part of the pleasure I get from listening to classical music is from the aesthetic beauty and pleasantness of the sound, but a larger part is perhaps from re-listening to it and analysing it and discovering new things and meaning in the music. I have pieces that I have listened probably over 50 times, and still I can find new intricacies, or read an analysis that calls my attention to details I have missed, or simply just marvel at the ingenuity of some passage, etc. For me, analysis isn't a boring procedure that sucks the fun out of art. Much to the contrary, it enhances and deepens my experience beyond what I would have by reading the book/listening to the piece and then putting it aside forever. I couldn't agree more. It's rather alarming really, the mindset that most of the professional developers have on this matter. Making the life of the developer easier is the highest objective, low-level is derided, ease of use for the dev is readily bought with inefficiency, massive layers of abstraction and inefficiency and bloat are everywhere , and above all performance in the end product is sacrificed for the convenience of the developer. Now, I'm not saying to spend substantial amounts of time and money chasing small micro-optimizations. I'm saying it makes me think for a while that it seems like everybody just simply stopped giving a shit about performance , and then we end up with orders of magnitude of crud on our software. There is nothing whatsoever in the Mozilla Foundation statement of values that is incompatible with whatever political stance Mr Eich had personally. Flushing such an important person out the door because you find his position bothersome is nothing short of repulsive. But I'm sure you know this already. If you still don't give a damn, it's because you firmly believe that anyone that doesn't share your values on such a (fashionable) issue as gay marriage is a horrible person who deserves to be scorched clean off the company he founded. >*most Can you give me some data to support your claim? Or do you abide by the motto "The louder I speak the righter I am?" Which doesn't mean in the slightest that whomever disagrees with the majority deserves to be kicked out of the company he founded. >He could repudiate the donation and this would have evaporated overnight. Those views were apparently important enough to him to prevent such an option. So for you the best course of action would be to hypocritically pretend to be sorry in order to appease the clamour of the crows? And as he didn't, as he stayed true to his positions not flipping like a coward because he was pressured to do so, he deserves what he got? He resigned because of the clamour of the bullies, and because he didn't want the Mozilla Foundation to get hurt with it. That's irrelevant. What you think of his principles is irrelevant. He did nothing wrong or illegal except take a position that did not coincide with that of a very loud and mean crowd. Even if you or I do not agree, it's indeed admirable he had the courage not to flip to save his skin. Makes me wonder, as a non-web developer, would it be possible in principle to develop for the web in a low-level language like C/C++? What I mean is, is it only impractical and inconvenient for the developer, or is it fundamentally impossible? I get the sarcasm, but do you really need 37 friggin libraries to cover everyone's use cases in the relatively small field of JS graphing libraries? Nothing beats the power and flexibility of GNUPLOT. Still going strong after almost 30 years, with excellent documentation and loads of support on the web, too. Where does it download the games from? The fact that the games are included throws this project into very very legally murky waters. Why not both? Choice is good, and unless there is a good reason for only being able to choose one, I'd say offer devices is various price ranges. Precisely. She didn't "change the course of physics" at all. Nothing in her work was a massive paradigm shift. She didn't shape the field for decades to come. Einstein did that, with special and general relativity. Him, Planck, de Broglie and all that crowd did that with quantum theory. Noether's theorem is beautiful, powerful and amazingly profound, and she definitely deserves way, way more recognition than she gets. But it's wrong to say that she "changed the course of physics". If you want arrays of variables, you need pointers. It's not enough to know the value of an int (the first element of the array), but you need the pointer to an int (pointer to the first element of the array). Now you can increment the pointer to go to the next element. You couldn't do this with a simple value. Also, suppose you want to pass a variable of a large data type, like an image, to a function. Instead of copying the entire variable, just pass the cheap pointer. The analogy is giving someone an URL vs the source code of the site for them to paste in the browser (You can't fit the latter onto a QR code, for instance, but you can the former). The intention is good, but without meaning to be overly negative, this is not very well written at all. There is imprecise and needlessly confusing and unclear phrasing ("To visualize derivatives, we can draw a right triangle whose hypoteneuse [sic] is tangent to a function. If the triangle's width is , then its height is the derivative." is the most confusing and unintuitive way to visualize derivatives I can think of), a poor sequence of examples for someone who is not familiar with ODEs, plenty of things left unexplained (why do I solve \dot{y} = \cos(t) by integrating?) not to mention technical problems with hovering the graphs (at least in FF). It's also way, way too short. You simply cannot go from "an ODE is like an equation with functions and derivatives" to "let's solve one" in 5 sentences. Honestly, reading the Wikipedia page would be more beneficial for someone who wants to learn ODEs. Like I said the intention is good but I would suggest throwing everything but the pictures away and starting from scratch, preferably with a good textbook by your side to help you not only with facts, but more importantly with the pedagogic aspect. There are methods to solve them. RLC in particular can be approached with Laplace Transforms. However these kinds of equations need certain approximations and simplifications in order to become analytically tractable. I don't think it was very clear either. If you want to learn more about this I like Arfken, Mathematical Methods for Physicists as a bible of practical mathematics, or Stewart, Calculus for calculus in general. I don't think this is a criticism of this app, so much as web developing as a whole, but it's crazy how this app is hogging one CPU core at 100% to draw a circle AND still runs at around 15fps. Yes, like the GP said, plenty of survivor bias. It's easy to say stuff like that after you have succeeded. But succeeding takes a lot more than dropping out of school and following your dreams™. Above all, it takes hard work, and it takes plenty of luck. I think you must agree that no matter how painless it is, binary A more suitable change would be to offer the app for free, with 10 free articles and 1 per day, and offer a one time purchase of 1.99 to lift the limits entirely, turning it into the equivalent of v1. The way you did it is you changed it so that the act of sending an article cost money, instead of paying a small one time fee and sending as many articles as you wanted. They are, in day-to day usage, up to a factor. I think it mostly has to do with Buddhism being seen by the majority of people, especially in the western world, as an oriental philosophy and less as a religion like Christianity or Islam. So people outside of Buddhism feel sympathetic to the Dalai Lama and Buddhism in general, in a way that, for instance, an Islamic does not feel for the Pope. It also helps that his messages are in general agreeable. The whole peace and meditation and good-will stuff has a very low potential for controversy. EDIT: Also let me add that I don't see why you are being buried. You aren't being disrespectful or rude or in anyway breaking the guidelines by asking these questions. You even stated in the first post that you if you came across as snarky it wasn't intended. As a side note, I love the index on the left hand side of the player, that lets me quickly jump to any section of talk, instead of having to fish for the part when he starts talking about the algorithm, for instance. An awesome feature I wish other websites had too. Once you've used it more than once or twice, however, you will find that writing cfv is much more convenient than typing --create --verbose --file every time you want to tar something. Why is /g/ obnoxious? Precisely! This sort of mentality that the system has a duty to protect investors from being burned is completely upside-down in my eyes. It's the investors that must take the fall when the entity they invested in goes bust, definitely not the gov'ts at the expense of the taxpayers. They are to blame for the mistakes committed up until the bailout. The destructive IMF/ECB mandated policies, that held down Greece's economy from any possibility of meaningful recovery all the while making the citizens poorer and poorer, all so that the big banks could effectively have the risk from their investments offloaded to the taxpayers, is totally not Greece's fault. "They have enjoyed the upside of their investment, and thanks to intervention by the European authorities, no downside." This is what gets me. Such is the cosiness between banks and government that this happens. Banks essentially win big time by buying bonds with absurdly high interest rates (that require herculean sacrifices by the citizens of the affected countries to even attempt to repay), all the while completely bypassing the risk that made the interest rates s high in the first place! Do you think it would still be possible to get into UO today or has the game changed an the community dwindled to a point that the game is effectively dead? What about things that Rust shipped without that should have been included? >also Python is so well entrenched as the successor to Fortran in the scientific computing space Uhhh... no. FORTRAN is literally the fastest programming language in existence. Maybe Python is good for prototyping or pre/post-processing some data, but with a performance hit in the 100x order of magnitude, you won't run Python scripts for the bulk of any serious scientific computing project. "Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth." -- Oscar Wilde Relevant as always. Hardly. Nintendo was already one of the (if not the ) major video game companies. Mario was a household name, they had hundreds of millions of games shipped, they made such massive hits as the NES, SNES, Game Boy, not to mention making literally dozens of celebrated timeless games. It's a bit ridiculous to try to paint the picture of a small company upsetting the balance and applying the "disruptive" buzzword to 2000s Nintendo. As for living to fight another day, well, that's the price of innovation. For every Wii, there is a Virtual Boy. For every Ocarina of Time there is a Phantom Hourglass. Not every bold move pays off, not every innovation is well received. Fortunately for Nintendo they never stopped innovating and taking risks. The times it paid comfortable offset the times it didn't (like the current gen Wii U). Besides that, they have extremely valuable IP they can cash on (Mario, Pokémon, etc). Try http://www.streamable.com You may not like the implication, but it's there. It's a fact. Even when brought in via affirmative action, minorities are consistently weeded out at higher rates than, say, whites or men. No implications needs to be made because the statistics are there for everyone to see. And this is a bad thing, but not like you think. This is where I mainly take issue with the contemporary SJW/PC types. The fact that some minorities (for the sake of argument let's take white men v black women) are underrepresented in the number of, say, CS graduates is a bad thing, a problem that needs solving. The way to go about this, in my view, is not , and I repeat, not , by just admitting/hiring more black women to universities/companies despite being lower qualified than white men. We could do this, and pat ourselves in the back for a job well done and leave with our outstanding moral fibre confirmed, and be very politically correct. But that changes nothing . The fact is that to solve this complex issue we need to look into the root causes of the problem that causes black people to perform statistically worse in tests, or women to be less likely to enroll in a CS degree. And that takes a whole hell lot more effort than superficially sweeping the issue under the rug with affirmative action et al. It would be a massive undertaking that would involve shakeups at the core of our society. Naturally the champions of the politically correct aren't so inclined, and prefer to simply sit and be outraged by, and offering as only solution to simply "cheat" until the statistics seem agreeable. And that, I stress, alters none of the core societal problems that caused those twisted statistics in the first place. I don't know about you, but I would prefer to see these problems rectified and true equality of opportunity be established rather than just shrugging it off and twisting the statistics until they are "good enough". Just hit the arrow. It definitely does need fixing, but not by simply admitting/hiring more minorities until the statistics are agreeable (easy) but by actually making those deep structural changes to enable true equality of opportunity for all (much harder). What I think he meant, at least if I understood correctly, is that Disney stories and characters from the 30s and 40s, like Mickey Mouse et al, should themselves by all rights be public domain by now, like Snow White or Cinderella were, so that other artists could be inspired by them and create their own derivative works. That's, in the end, their prerogative. They can choose to give, but under a no-derivative licence, if they so wish. Of course you are producing more value than you are being paid for. Why else would an employer hire you? You may not like the analogy, and the difference in scale is surely a big one, but the principle is the same. In slavery, you were prevented to quit by physical coercion. In capitalism, you are prevented to quit because if you do you and your family will starve (or at least live in poverty, on modern welfare states). The employer can pay you minimum wage for your labour, even if it generates 10x more value, because you have no choice: he has you on the palm of your hand. Submit to the conditions the capital holders dictate, or starve. Concrete mixing companies help people build houses and infrastructure, if you want to put it that way. Still, it's the epitome of churning out trivial stuff. 1) I didn't, that's what I was referring too when I said "or at least live in poverty, in a modern welfare state" 2) That's all very nice in principle, but in practice that's often not feasible. I'm not talking about the software industry, where everything is very open and full of opportunity, but about low-income jobs and how the people working in them often have such incredibly complex constraints about them that that talk about "investing in your skills" and "differentiating your skillset" is totally disconnected from the reality of life. 3) I guess so. Still I was trying to emphasise the whole binding aspect of it, the fact that in many situations you are only free to leave in principle, because being out of a job can throw you and your family into debt, homelessness, or worse. Wasn't exactly thinking of slavery in the literal, bounty-hunters-after-runaways, sense. >a big factor was reading the biographies of some of my heroes, e.g. Dirac, Feynman, etc., and realizing that they spent a lot of their time working alone in their offices uninterrupted, and communicating with people either in real life over meals, walks, etc. or by postal mail Of course they did, there was no such thing as internet back in the 30s. Feynman in particular, I'm positive he would have had a big social network presence if he had lived today. But I think we can all sympathise with that feeling. I think it's not so much a problem with the medium (communicating over the internet is faster and cheaper than meeting people live, and it lets me engage in conversation with you, for instance, who probably live halfway across the world from me, so why not use it?). I think it's a problem of saturation. With our phones and computers ringing dozens (hundreds?) of times a day, with mounds of interesting stuff to read in websites like reddit or HN or your favourite newspaper, with information overwhelming us 24/7, maybe it's not such a bad idea to, once in a while, silence the phone, ignore your 1000s of facebook friends for a while, and just take a walk and read a newspaper in a park. What is browsing, then? Read-only? Are forums browsing, or interactive apps? Where do you draw the line? I'm all for less bloat, and I can't figure why would a browser double as a PDF reader, for instance, when a native app is invariably faster, more feature-rich, more customisable and more secure. However, it's difficult to draw a concrete line between plain browsing and web apps. I don't think a mega-compilation of the Western Canon is what OP is looking for... Maybe not right now, but there is nothing to say that it can't eventually surpass humans in effectiveness and critical error rate. 10-15 years ago people would have said "yeah self-driving cars are good, but as an aid for the driver, never as a full replacement". Precisely. Compare the example in the post with this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZevgEUVeZ9Y Notice the overarching theme, the experience that the music "shows you", the arc it leads you through. In comparison, the generated music is but a chain of pleasant and nice-sounding moments, with no overarching emotional arc uniting them. Now is that the exclusive domain of humans? Will NNs eventually write music that passes for a human composition to a skilled human jury (a musical Turing test)? >Going forward deep learning is the technology that will solve sensing and perception for machines. I would take this (and any such very self-assured predictions) with a grain of salt. And just a few lines below that: "for (auto item : { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 })". Why?? It's an almost comical abuse of C++11 for the sake of it. >Mathematical truths and objects are real things with existence independent of our minds What makes you say this? Isn't this an open philosophical question? What makes you say that mathematical objects exist independent of our minds? I can dream up a set of axioms of my own and do maths from there, so I don't think mathematics necessarily exists in some Platonic ideal dimension independent of our minds. I don't think you can say of any topic in mathematics that it's the best example of why learning math is useful. What about calculus? It's an immensely powerful tool that, by harnessing the power of the infinite and the infinitesimal, unlocks a massive body of practical applications in nearly every field of quantitative knowledge. And what about discrete math? Without it there would be no such thing as a computer. Differential equations, the tool for modeling dynamical systems? Mathematics is a vast topic that every quantitative discipline must necessarily draw from. Each field of study will benefit more from certain topics of it. >quantitative disciplines i.e. not Arts, History or Literature :) Even in that example, wouldn't it be better to simply write for i in range(1,4): Not at all. Makes brands with colossal marketing budgets sell more despite there being better alternatives from small companies. But that's how human consumption works, and it's virtually impossible to change that. Runs into in the sense that the first website people will type when trying to access the website of Google's Alphabet is surely alphabet.com. Yes, I know that. But I can see where the "problem" resides, even if it's not actually a problem at all :) The most recent and most serious scandal involving News Corporation was 2011 phone hacking scandal ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_News_Corporation_scandals ). Gives you an idea of what sort of scumbags run that mega-conglomerate. Important people use both, because they can't afford the limited exposure using only one of them brings. So essentially you are sacrificing your end result for an easier time for yourself, the developer. Absolutely. It strikes me as odd that these days it is not only acceptable, but encouraged as a virtue, for developers to focus on making their own jobs easier as opposed to delivering a good (fast and efficient, among other things) product. Neat. I'm a regular Sage user, and this seems to be an interesting tool for when I don't require the full power of that tool and just need to make some quick calculations. You can go to extremes, as your preposterous mine-the-silicon-and-smelt-the-chip approach, or you can go to the sort of extremes that makes opening a news article grind my high-end phone to a halt for 20 seconds. >there are hardly any working specimens in the first batches Why is that? >In fact, if you are convinced that is IS a wrongful arrest Even if I was 100% convinced of the illegality of the arrest, I would advise to keep your cool and let the police go ahead. I know it sucks to have your rights trampled and be out of 3000$ and everything, but I'm pretty sure it sucks even more to be dead. Hit the nail on the head. All this overmilitarization of police seems to create an image of a strong force keeping peace and security, when in fact what it does is the exact reverse, and unarmed police like in the UK actually fosters safety much better than the "soldiers against crime" attitude. >This might seem complicated, but really it's not; here's a simple but complete explanation to help you make an informed decision. But sometimes things are complicated, and there's no simple but complete explanation... Do you think you are entitled to an opinion on the design of the brakes of your car? Or on the structure of the foundations of your house? Because you are the one who has to drive the car/live on the house. Unless you have technical expertise in that particular field, your opinion on technical matters has zero value. You are doing it wrong. You are not supposed to "learn" C++, not entirely. C is simple in the sense that the amount of things that there are to know about the language are small (it's about as low level as you can get) and it is possible and required to learn its computation and memory model and all its features to work with it. In the case of C++, it's neither required, nor even possible to learn ALL of C++ (not without a couple decades of experience). C++ is a monster, a colossus, a many tentacled monstrosity of hundreds if not thousands of sometimes very complicated features. You cannot possibly master it all. Yet the barrier to entry is as high as C, if nothing at least because C is a subset of C++. You don't have to be a template metaprogramming wizard and make full benefit of the latest standards' new features in order to know C++. As an example, in my work in physics I use C++ consisting of C, templates, the STL and POD structs. I don't use C++'s immense OOP tools simply because I don't like/don't need them. Someone else might use the full OOP features of the language. Still someone else might reduce it to C with templating because they like C but hate not having generic programming. In short: C++ is what you make of it. Your C++ is a subset of the C++. It's your job to decide what features you want to learn and make use of. Don't feel like you don't understand C++ because you don't know Stroustroup cover-to-cover by heart. No it doesn't, assuming there is an ounce of coordination and everyone is on the same page on coding standards and so forth. What I mean to say is that that isn't the language's fault. It's up to the users to decide to make use of features they need, and obviously it's their responsibility to live with the headaches a misuse/overuse of C++ may bring. I guess I just don't understand why people consider "too many features" to be a shortcoming. I don't think it is. Is it really so much to ask for developers in a team to decide on interoperability standards? I assume people on a team don't just start coding with zero coordination. What about it? If you decide to use a library, then you should learn to use it, no? Why is that so? And how is this relevant to TFA? Maybe I didn't understand correctly, but the post doesn't specify whether the project is dropping Mercurial for good or merely changing hosts because of the impending closure of Google Code. I don't know, neovim has its problems too. And seeing as it's not even stable yet, let's not put the cart ahead of the horses. It will be exciting to see the direction both projects take over the coming years. The term is self-hosting compiler, when a compiler can compile itself. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-hosting The SNES, for instance, is commonly held to be the 2D (J)RPG console par excellence. Chrono Trigger, Secret of Mana, Earthbound, Super Mario RPG and the Final Fantasy games should take 100s of hours of your time. Still for the SNES, I recommend Yoshi's Island, one of the best 2D platformers I've ever played. And of course, don't skip classics like The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past and Super Metroid. Sorry, I love the SNES. From the main page: "It's important to note that the above are only the layers of the factory keymap. You can redefine them in any way and create multiple, custom, application-specific keymaps." But nukes are the reason there haven't been any direct wars between major powers since WWII. Isn't that a good thing? West != USA. Move to some European country if you dislike the US so much. You are missing a few sources. 14 to be exact. I personally like the Mario & Luigi series (spiritual sequels to Super Mario RPG) even better. I guess you could make a rule like Fn-* = Ctrl-*. And anyway the plan seems to be making the software Free, so you can hack it anyway. I think defending Hitler (millions massacred, world order turned upside down, massive economic damage) is much more utilitarian that defending MAD as a peace-keeping force. This seems like such a massively important feature that I have to ask you, as a keyboard developer, is there any particular obstacle to making a keyboard fully reprogrammed? I feel my productivity on my laptop would be massively improved by a few select changes such as Fn+hjkl as PgUp/PgDn/Home/End, and such, yet virtually no laptop I've seen allows this, so I have to rely on workarounds to fix the sometimes braindead layouts. Is there a hardware-level obstacle to doing this or is it just that the mainstream manufacturers just can't be arsed? PS: I'm not your target audience (I use my laptop keyboard almost exclusively) but great job so far! "Has a rapidly adaptive culture, able to implement changes at a fast pace despite its immense scale." "A leader in freedom of speech, press freedom [...]" "Where you have more opportunities than in any other nation" Are these your idea of a self-evident statement? The result is Bell's theorem. The original paper is only 5 pages long, so it should be readable by anyone with a background in QM. The wikipedia article is also very nice and in-depth with discussions of its ramifications. http://www.drchinese.com/David/Bell_Compact.pdf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell's_theorem Thank you, those look very nice. What does this offer me that Numpy doesn't already offer, with the advantage of not having to learn a new language? We shouldn't think for ourselves about our health (I wouldn't prescribe myself medicine, after all), nor should we listen to what mainstream media has to say. I thought it was common knowledge that for people actually interested in staying healthy the best thing to do is ignore the fads publicized on media. Just listen to your doctor, or research medical papers yourself. It definitely is so. What authority do I have to talk about economics or law? Shouldn't I leave that to the people who do know what they are talking about? Kind of a central problem in democracy, if you think about it. Quoting out of context like that it sure seems pretty absurd. But I'm going to trust you understood GP's point? Any sane person wouldn't presume to thing for themselves on the best course of action in treating their cancer, for instance. The same thing goes for nutrition and health. Isn't that "Greek diet" a bullshit diet too, by the same logic? Deactivating the services that call home doesn't stop Windows 10 from calling home. You can only completely disable "telemetry" if you have Windows 10 Enterprise Edition and even then I'm not entirely sure it does completely shut down. And anyway, even getting to this meant manually ticking out dozens of boxes in several settings windows and installing a packet sniffer to check your own computer for unwanted connections. Nevermind that running a packet sniffer on your outgoing connections usually means you suspect you have a virus (which is what Win10 is?), it requires technical expertise that 95% of Win10 users won't have. No I don't think GP was driven by hatred of Microsoft, as much as a genuine dislike of an operating system which hands over control of your own computer to someone else. I always thought Stallman was being hyperbolic when he said "with free software the users control the computer, with proprietary the computer controls the users", but I don't anymore. Try Xposed App Ops. It shows when, if ever, was the last time an application made use of each particular permission, and lets you revoke them. http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xposed-appops... Proprietary system as in Operating System, not proprietary applications. I would advise to wait at least until the first games using DX12 come out, so you can at least decide if it is worth it. Being a good science communicator and doing significant serious research are not mutually exclusive. All the information about the state of a particle is contained in its wavefunction. The uncertainty comes from the fact that the wavefunction can only tell you the probability of getting each value of a specific quantity when you make a measurement of that quantity, which doesn't mean you lack information about the state of the particle. Add this one: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10119055 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Wide_Web Why 7 billion people if FB has less than 1.5 billion users? And why 10MB? 10 megabytes of text is a lot of text. >which European citizens are allowed to request by law Can they? TIL. It would be a fun thing to know, exactly how much they know about you. It's funny how a game featuring literally a line, a square and a dot can make one core in my machine go nearly 100%. Yay webapps! EDIT: And it does not run at 60 fps. What the... Chill, I mean, the guy just pointed out a glitch with the most non-threatening neutral declarative sentence possible. Why is "good form" to post a reply like that? You're welcome! By the definition, yes, though I can't say how FB themselves count it. I think it is much more intuitive and powerful to make the reverse reasoning. Linear algebra studies vectors belonging to some vector space and the linear transformations between those spaces. You can then realize that abstract concept with, for instance, ordered 3-tuples of real numbers, in which case 3x3 matrices represent linear mapping between those R^3 vector spaces, in which case we can use it to do physics in a 3D world. But it's misguided to say matrices come "before" abstract linear algebra. Mathematics can be taught by good teachers and bad teachers, in a very good or very bad way. It's definitely an important and difficult issue, because teaching mathematics the right way in order to capture the attention and interest of school children is a very difficult problem, not least of all because there isn't even a consensus on what teaching mathematics the right way is . However, I don't think in the slightest that throwing CS buzzwords such as "REPL" and "hackable" at the problem is the way to go. The problem can be that most mathematics maintain that mathematics can be done for its own sake (something which I 100% agree on). However interesting mathematics is, though, there will be plenty of students more interested in the applications to the real world (and there's nothing wrong with that) or they may even have to interest in the mathematics until they see some clever ways it can be used to solve or abstract a specific problem, at which point they take a greater interest in the math itself. As anecdotal evidence, most math teachers I had in college were at best uninterested and at worst disdainful of applying the math to the real world beyond theorems in a blackboard. Most physics teachers, however, in introducing us to new concepts made an effort to show as soon as possible how the definitions we made were inspired by real world problems and in turn simplified or helped create new physics. This made it much easier to appreciate the pure math itself. Exactly. Obviously MS didn't pay 2.5bil for a messy Java codebase. They paid for the brand, the IP, and the fanbase. You may be getting downvoted, but you are not wrong. If money truly made him unhappy, why didn't he keep a few million in his bank account, invest another couple million or put in a trust fund, and donate the remaining money? He would still be a rich man, live for the rest of his life without working and without financial worries, and the super-richness that seemingly made him so sad and alienated his friends is gone. As it stands, he just comes across as somebody wiping tears with a 100 dollar bill. I agree with you, but I wouldn't presume to tell someone else how to give their lives meaning, just because I'm "older", or to tell someone they will later regret not taking the same path in live as me. Some people just aren't cut out for the family life. It's bad design then :) Okay, my bad, then. Can you tell me what exactly is meant by a "hackable" math learning environment? And how will a REPL (however it is realized) make learning mathematics better? Plenty of 69s as well. Many of us are still 12 year olds at heart. You need look no further than Atom: a "hackable" text editor that brings mighty computers to their knees in order to display a text file . That's not acceptable to me, even though it would be nice to have a hackable to the core editor. But we already have emacs for that, I suppose... I know right?? It's mind-blowing! My PC can push millions (is that the order of magnitude?) of polygons per second. But it locks up an entire core to render a couple hundred polygons (plus the layers of cruft), and can't do it at more than ~10Hz. "Dungeon" is a term in game design to refer to a self contained challenge space, which can be realized in many different ways. It does not necessarily mean "dungeon" as in a real life dungeon or catacomb. It can be an actual human built space, in which case you are right, or it can be a Zelda dungeon, in which there is an overarching theme but not necessarily a sense of verisimilitude, or it can be such a simple and abstracted dungeon such as in Nethack or whatever, in which case those concerns are meaningless. >In the UK, you can do any degree and people will still hire you for a graduate job. Something like a bank or a consultancy won't care whether you did Engineering or Classics. I had no idea things were like that. I strain to believe that a bank will hire someone with a degree in Art History. >Fact that you don't make money off it would work for almost any game developer It really wouldn't. I know it's fun to imagine Blizzard as an oppressive corporation overlord, but any developer in the world will take steps to protect their IP. I see. That's probably true; I'm not up to date on that stuff. Still, in this particular case, I can't blame any company for protecting their IP. It's a freely distributed clone of one of their games, after all. Even if they are not making money out of it they are hurting their business. Great idea! It's stunning how this sort of futuristic seeming technology is actually possible using $50 in consumer electronics! But passive display of information is only part of the story. You have the hardware: a microphone and a speech recognition API. Build voice interaction with this. Even simple commands like "Show me the weather tomorrow", or "Show me my calendar" add an amazing new depth to it. I can imagine myself, shaving and idly telling my mirror to show me my appointments today. :) It costs money. Even if it cost 5$/year it would be a major hurdle. But it costs 40$/year for the same level of functionality as gmail. Sadly, most people will consider this a no-brainer in gmail's favour. On the other hand, perhaps you are biased in favour of the math relevant to computer science, such as number theory, graph theory, and cryptography? It certainly is the case in many places in the world. Just look at Apple marketing and the "premium" branding they emphasize on all their products. Still, they won't last forever and will eventually turn into e-waste. That, or they just didn't like that someone illegally installed money-wasting software on school property without so much as an approval request. PS: Money wasting from their point of view, not making any judgement about SETI here You cited three cases, it's anecdotal evidence that says nothing about the efficiency or intelligence of administration. You have a right to your opinion. Care to elaborate on why you think this way? What makes you think you are above everyone else? Why is it "another campaign"? I only see the testimony of a person with an extreme (and commendable) sense of morality. You don't have to be religious to recognize that people want happiness and thus working towards others' happiness is a worthy goal. I remember having switchable permissions since 4.3. Did something change in the meantime? You can do that, I think. After installing an app you can go the the app settings and disable specific permissions. None of those hold up a candle to actual native programs. >That online collaboration via the phone IS a social gathering unto itself. Still the fact is that it is inconsiderate, or plain rude, to be "somewhere else" when you are sitting with other people who all took the time to physically be with each other. If a few people get together and spend large amounts of their time on their phones, then why get together at all? I don't. I just wonder what the purpose of getting people physically together is if they are going to be using their phones. >it is delightfully ironic to witness many of the older generations I hear chastising people like me for a variety of grievances commit one of the cardinal sins I actually don't That's abusive generalizations for you. I'm on 5.0 and it's under Settings > Security > App Permisions. I can select each permission in each app and switch individual permissions from the default of Allow to Deny or Ask. I'm on a stock ROM. It went away in 4.4 but I have it again on 5.0. I had to use Xposed to get it to work on 4.4 but now it's on again by default. I see people complaining it's not present in 5.0, though. Strange... The problem is smartphones are stagnating. Let's see: * CPU: Processor evolution is stagnating, and processors are so powerful that they can handle most typical workloads with ease. Efficiency is now the order of the day, not raw power. * Screen: Densities are so high it that not only does it become difficult to manufacture higher density panels, but it actually hurts the device by draining more energy and killing performance and battery life to display pixels you aren't going to see. * RAM: 2Gb, the standard in mid-range phones and up, is sufficient for moderate use. 3Gb is comfy and 4Gb is gigantic. Again no substantial improvements in the horizon. * Storage: The more storage the better, but phones seem to have stabilized in the 16/32/64/128Gb, and anyway with cloud storage this is less and less of a concern. * Battery: A major pain in modern devices, with no imminent breakthrough in sight. * Camera: Incremental upgrades are looking promising, but there's only so much you can do with optics in a small form factor. In short, no major improvements or evolutions in the smartphone field are in the horizon, but they aren't really necessary for the short-term anyway. I think it's great to have a free software solution which wholly eclipses the competition. It's an incentive to use free software (use free software and get the best image codec in the world). I wonder how it compares to lossy (but high-quality) compression codecs. I concur. As much as I dislike Apple it's good to see innovation beyond spec-pushing. I have a phone with a clear 5.0 ROM, beyond a couple of Vodafone-branded shortcuts on the homescreen. Apparently this feature isn't present in Nexus ROMs, which is strange. Good on Vodafone for including this feature though. PS: This is the device http://www.gsmarena.com/vodafone_smart_ultra_6-7313.php "LSD is great, and people should try it" is as dishonest and misleading and agenda-pushing as "pot makes your teeth fall off". There is a high barrier to research about pot and other drugs such as LSD, for obvious reason. This means that while you have a gigantic corpus of data about alcohol usage, for instance, you have next to nothing to work with on pot. Just because you don't have studies showing pot is harmful it doesn't mean pot isn't harmful. Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. >absurd and racist suggestion that asian american applicants are on average much less "interesting" people Talk about putting words in one's mouth... No? Why? It isn't racist to say Africans have darker skin or different shaped faces to Caucasians, you know. It's a fact. You can talk about red and blue balls all you want, but what matters is the real world. It's not inconceivable that like there are physical differences between the races, that there can be other differences as well. Refusing to see this isn't reasonable. It's about equality of opportunities, not equality of outcome. We want to make sure that everyone regardless of race has the same shot at being an NBA player, though not necessarily that at the end of the day there is perfect proportional representation of whites, asians, blacks, etc. They are also expensive as all shit. What is there to learn about Python 3? It's just a relatively small, but backwards-compatibility breaking, update. Why? Maybe it suits his use case better than .format() or whatever. Would you extend that reasoning to heroin, for instance? >Suddenly, smaller markets around the world have their industry gutted by piracy, smaller labels have to shut down, bigger labels have to fire hundreds of less successful artists that they used to be able to support from the money they made on the more successful artists, the more successful artists have to stop relying on royalties from album sales and have to whore themselves out doing nonstop touring year-round for money. There is no evidence whatsoever for that end-of-world scenario of yours. I'm sure that Jack the ripper thought those murder laws very stupid indeed and that he very much disagreed with the arguments against murdering prostitutes. According to your argument, would it be fine for him to kill, seeing as "laws are nothing but opinions backed by guns"? >It's not about what an ego thinks, it's about whether an argument exists. I find it extremely ironic that you are making that point. What you are doing is precisely declaring a law about a complex and controversial issue to be invalid because there is an "universal and absolute argument" (aka, you think so) against that law. That's not how things work. Why would the things Jack the ripper thinks and agrees with be irrelevant and yours be "universalized arguments" that everyone must accept? EDIT: >According to my argument, it would be fine to use lethal force against Jack the Ripper initiating violence Precisely. According to your argument. Not a universal truth. Galileo definitely did not luck into the right theory. He was one of the most important scientists of all time, and his heraldry of the empirical scientific method and the results it produced are anything but a product of chance. There's a massive difference in the order ofd magnitude of information acquired by recording people's body language vs legally handing them over your genome. That sort of apples to oranges comparison does nothing for the argument. >Perhaps I'm being overly idealistic, but I can't help but hope for a day that I can work with a high level language and have the compiler take care of optimizations I believe optimizing compilers are already a thing. Am I missing something here? I would suggest toning down the arrogance. Just because you don't personally need some features does not mean that people who want the language to progress and not stagnate are idiots. A power button on the side may drive you nuts. Me, and plenty of other people, I'm sure, prefer a button on the side. Especially in larger phones, pressing the button on top is impractical, while pressing a button on the side is more natural from the default holding position. Yawn. That sounds like your typical "this forum is going downhill" sort of talk. Do you have anything to back your claim? That's precisely the point. Bar psychopaths, nearly everyone thinks they are doing the right thing, even as they do horrors. These people are so deeply indoctrinated that they think they are ultimately doing good in the eyes of god. It's your opinion. As much as I disagree with it it was a well written and we'll thought out post, and as such it is very much against the HN guidelines for you to be downvoted this way. Good point. As a major point in their favour, at least they kept the old version. They could have just redesigned the webpage and put it on i.reddit.com. Instead I can keep using the same good old layout while those who want can use the new m.reddit.com. That's more than I can say for many, many other things, where whether I like it or not I'm forced to have the latest design fad (flat, pastel colours, long and inefficient animations and huge, unnecessary padding nowadays) shoved down my throat. Sadly yes. Doesn't mean I can't feel sad that is the case, though. What's wrong with Pintrest? It's running at 15fps in my browser. I remember the original ran at 60Hz 15 years ago in a computer a couple orders of magnitude slower. So... you will need to buy a power adapter and an Ethernet cable? That will come to, what, another fiver? Maybe it's a qualitative difference, as in parallel by design, not just throwing a bunch of nodes together in a typical Beowulf configuration. As if there was any doubt... Only the Israeli government can cynically claim otherwise. Is 6 billion euro a large sum to invest on such a potentially game-changing project? How much does the US spend on coal, or solar, or wind each year? What is a quantum permutation? Does this apply to Chromium as well? Because if not, there you have it. The same could be said about every historical artifact not in display in its native nation. Should we repatriate all artifacts and pieces of art to its original nation? A funny exercise, though sadly we will not see the growth rates we saw this past decades for the next 50 years. >the market it tried to address suddenly became nearly nonexistent Can you give something to back the claim? Exactly! The point is to compare standard, idiomatic and straightforward Julia code with standard, idiomatic and straightforward Python code, not with a jumble of workarounds, experimental JITs, and cumbersome syntax. Because if you are writing statically typed python, then you are not really writing python anymore, are you? Which bitcoin implements. In a similar vein, going more in-depth: https://xkcd.com/980/ You level criticism at Twitter for being unclear to new users, then excuse that same behaviour from Tumblr because meaning is clear to existing users. Isn't it a bit inconsistent? You can use the up vote for that. In a sense, so is all storage hardware. It's just a matter of how long it takes before it fails. This goes for SSDs, HDDs, Flash cards, etc. I'm happy that your work in experimental physics has given you an appreciation for the vital part experiment plays in science. But dismissing theoreticians for working in the clouds while you work "in the trenches" is not very fair. Not every theoretician works in 87-dimensional string theory. That would be more like Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!! It's the proportionality constant between rest mass and energy. Mass times speed squared has units of energy. Same thing for the pc term: momentum times speed is energy. To explain how we figured out the constant is c is a bit more complicated. The wiki article Introduction to Special Relativity is a good way to start if you want to understand everything well. But the article addresses precisely that. In fact, only less than 10% of the core 1000 articles are deemed good quality. So that point is moot. This was surprisingly insightful, both at the human and the technical level (especially the thoughts on hyperlinks). Amazing read. >Relevance is a very broad term, with industry a subset. That's very insightful. It's easy to lose sight of things and be reduced to a particular worldview. The Higgs boson doesn't have to have commercialization potential for us to justify spending a few billion and a few decades discovering it. :) It's an end in itself. It is very inefficient, if not anything else. You can prove it through mathematical induction. Show that if it's valid for n dimensions then it's valid for n+1 dimensions. So then if it's proven for R_2 it's proven in general. Can you elaborate on that? I find computer modern much more pleasant to read than Times. Then what is a religion for you? Is it simply fervor in believing something? Is communist Russia objectively worse than the crusades or the Catholic inquisition or ISIS? Let's just be honest here and say that human being are capable of pretty cruel things, regardless of being spurned by religion or not. And why is atheism a religion. Isn't its definition a lack of religion? >Almost no one does. That's not even remotely true. Our justice system may be severely fucked in many ways, but it's not completely nonfunctional. But we hear about the problems whenever something goes wrong. The other 99.9 percent of the time when things go smoothly we don't even notice... The same goes for the billions of people to have died of cancer so far. By smoothly I mean not "nice and quiet" even if unjust, I meant lawfully and justly. I'm sad as everyone should when intimidation, cruelty and violence happen under law enforcement and/or the judicial system. Yet I can still recognised that this is not always the case. And that the silent majority of cases happen with no incident, but we don't hear of those. We do hear about the scandals, though. That is a very good point. It's indeed a good indicator of how wrong things are. I don't live in the US, though. I was referring to the judicial system in the western world in general, not the US in particular. Even if true, you can't compare the death toll of post industrial WWII and the crusades on numbers alone. Precisely. A lack of belief. That's beside the point here, really. Exactly. GP has a good point, but it's a problem not exclusive to Apple. Ssh ports are brute forceable, passwords have a much much larger search space. I would argue against that. The number of black women is 12, not 0. I don't understand what you wish to gain by egregiously twisting the numbers. Yes, it's a low percentage. No, it's not zero. I don't think that is a problem with venture funding in itself, more a symptom of deeper underlying problems. >The entire system we use to advance humanities shared knowledge is broken. Okay, can you elaborate on why? Got numbers to back that up? I don't understand. Isn't religion by definition inaccessible to scientific analysis? > I am also compelled to redesign their website for free. I think it's fine the way it is: clean, light and straightforward Everyone who played MMOs talks with utmost fondness of their unforgettable time in their first MMO. Be it Everquest, Ultima Online, Runescape or WoW, it seems no other genre in video gaming elicits such fondness, or reaches immersion levels so deep as the MMORPG. The immense potential in having a virtual, persistent world inhabited by tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands or even millions of people, with the virtually inexhaustible possibilities of gameplay that arise from people inhabiting a shared, persistent world, make the MMORPG the king in this department: immersion and fan dedication. Yet it seems that this doesn't happen anymore, that the cosy world of Ultima Online or Runescape 2006ish doesn't exist anymore. MMORPGs have found it more profitable to engage in a variety of design choices that, ultimately, destroyed what MMOs were about. The open endedness of Ultima Online, the thoughtfulness and deep worldbuilding of quests in Everquest, the charming aesthetics that left just the right amount to imagination, just like a book, of Runescape, all that was replaced by high action, cheap thrills, and a lot of shiny particle effects everywhere (and of course microtransactions, because why not). The charming, cosy, vast, deep world people remember from Vanilla WoW doesn't exist anymore. Now you got a conveyor belt to level cap and cheap end-game content. For anyone interested, this is one of the most insightful videos I've seen lately, and it addresses this issue: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvK8fua6O64 I don't think the genre has been exhausted, much to the contrary, I think it has vast amounts of untapped potential! That's exactly what makes it even more painful that almost no more good MMOs have been released since WoW. Exactly. That's what happens when your game isn't being lovingly crafted by (e.g) Richard Garriott and his pals, and is instead a product on a treadmill to maximise profit. You have no idea how charming those screengrabs are :O But the policies that politics is concerned about (economy, welfare, etc) are accessible to scientific analysis. >To be honest, I feel like such an asshole. There are people that have had it way worse than me, and here I am feeling sorry for myself. That thought often cheers me up. My problems are, in the grand scheme of things, insignificant and transitory. Better buck up and better days will come. >Those things are part of their culture -- and grassroots -- not stuff that some bad regime imposed upon the masses. Precisely. Indoctrination literally from the moment you are born is unimaginably hard to undo. Impossible, even. I find that quote very hard to belive. Writing had been developed for millenia before Socrates' time. +1 for gnuplot. Amazingly powerful and flexible, and exports to png, pdf, eps, latex, etc. Possibly outdated in some aspects but still unbeatable AFAIK. That being said, this sounds nice for adding interactivity (sliders to vary parameters, that sort of stuff). Useful in presentations and the sort. It still has limited resolution and a much higher storage footprint. Plotting charts is the vector graphics use case par excellence. Having svg support is a no brainer. Which brings in focus elements into sharper attention. That's true, in practical uses a sufficiently high res raster is indistinguishable from a vector image. Still, it would be nice to have that option. Keyword here is detect. As the post says, even if we created them we would have no way of knowing because they are virtually impossible to detect. 10 to the minus 19 ! It's mind boggling. Semiconductor process nodes constantly boggle my mind, and yet they sit at a cool 10 to the minus 9. These vibrations are smaller relative to a CPU transistor than a CPU transistor is to me. Arxiv is a place to host scientific articles for free. Journals are institutions that scientists submit articles to, get them reviewed, published, and then charge a fee to access them. Sci hub takes the papers in the closed access journals and distributes them online for free. Hope that made it clear. ELI5 is not for actual 5 year olds. Absolute velocity does not affect time, simply because there is no such thing as absolute velocity. Relative velocity, though, does. For instance, if you look at a clock on a GPS satellite, moving fast relative to you, you can see it run slower than the one on your wrist. Similarly, someone stationary on the surface of the sun would see us here on earth moving in slow motion. However, someone moving on the satellite would see the clock on the satellite move normally, and us on earth moving in slow motion, because they are on the same frame of reference of the satellite. So no, time does not operate differently on different parts of the universe per se . It all depends on how it's moving relative to the observer. That's incorrect as well. You are mixing two relativistic effects: from the velocity of something relative to an observer, and from the gravity on that spot of the universe (which is what I assume you mean by acceleration). Also wrong, as you dig deeper into a planet you experience less gravity, not more. That's the reason I could never finish the damn book. I would just roll my eyes and put it down due to the comically shallow characters ("the strong, brave, handsome capitalist" and the "dirty, mooching hobo" were actual character descriptions). I don't think her philosophy is sound. You cannot advocate unregulated capitalism in a society where people don't start on equal footing. For what's worth, I also haven't been able to finish Atlas Shrugged for those very same reasons. That's very easy to swallow when you are born on the upper end of the scale. Not so much when you are born to a single mother on a Flint MI ghetto or when you are born gay in Nigeria, or a girl on war-torn Sudan. Just because you are comfortable on middle-upper class doesn't mean you can't be objective about this things. That some kids are born into wealthy families and some are born in sub-Saharan Africa and forced to mine minerals for the former's iPad until they are 15 and keel over is undeniably wrong. But it's what arises from capitalism. Awesome! It would be great if I could use it to query any stackexchange site, like TeX, for instance. Like `how2 prevent table from floating -s tex` would search on tex.se Why not? Police can search your house or seize your mail with a court order. Why can't they search your phone or computer? I strongly disagree. I have zero interest in today's bloated AAA games. Simple games like Tetris, Mario + romhacks, or Civ II have given me collectively more fun that I would ever have playing some insipid shooter or uninspired pay2win fantasy game. I wouldn't trade them for any of today's games, which I consider severely flawed in many ways. I totally not feel that way. I've had more fun playing Fire Emblem games lately than I had with any game released in the past 5 years. A 31 year old game I feel qualifies as "old". What is old, then, pong on an oscilloscope? :p I don't doubt it. I only say that the percentage of good older games is at least equivalent, if not greater, than the percentage of good newer games. There's a world outside of CS, you know? Can you give an example of a problem which the preprocessor solves better than modern C++? That's bullshit. So you're entitled to the work of others, but others aren't entitled to your work? You must choose: use GPL and make your code GPL too, or release closed proprietary software and start from scratch. You want to piggyback off others' work but you don't want anybody piggybacking off your work. Well, you can't have the cake and eat it too. Dynamic programming (testing divisibility by the primes already found) would greatly improve the algorithm. And of course sieving is absurdly fast compared to checking primality individually. Then you can say that, in 10 years, if we indeed have reached that point. Otherwise it'd just an empty prediction, and his perfectly valid point stands. He has lost 1 game of a 5 game match, on a handicap. Hardly a defeat. I misread it, he had only the usual first move advantage handicap. >Why can't we get political will to do something different? Who wants to be the demon that wants to make drugs legal? The opposition would eat him alive! It would be tantamount to suicide. That's just not true. Opiate addiction is a very serious condition. There are 100 bigger issues than "price". No study ever found anything to back up that claim. Starcraft 2 is less than a decade old. Go goes back three millenia. >Most people find this a joke, but I don't kid when I say that 4Chan might be the single most influential political force today. I do hope you are kidding, because to say that a fringe Internet forum holds more sway on the masses than TV, newspapers, Super PACs, corporate lobbies, etc, then I think you are seeing things very very wrong. >I've seen firsthand how 4Chan has been able to influence Trump's presidential run. If it weren't for /pol's constant shilling for him, I doubt Trump would've had so much support. 4Chan's memes have changed perceptions of Trump, whether you like it or not Trump is winning states left right and center. Millions of Americans are voting for him. After everything that can be said about Trump, I wonder what makes you think this is attributed to, of all things, 4chan? Isn't this a little too megalomaniac? Absolutely! I don't know if it's nostalgia or not, but I always found those to be extremely immersive experiences. Wouldn't "-Unknown" convey the same sense without the possible confusion? If we are going that road, many games qualify. (Portal takes my vote) I don't have to be a pro footballer to say that Man Utd are playing like crap this year. "while the match has been widely billed as "man vs. machine," AlphaGo is really a human achievement." I think this is very true, and we often forget this in our rush to praise "the machines". We built them! They aren't a being, they are tools we built. It doesn't really matter what you bet. I want to see a Lee Sedol vs AlphaGo on a single consumer chip before I draw any conclusions. >The brain uses 20-40W and a cell phone only 5W, and we know cell phones can do image recognition, so, probably the computer uses less than the human given that human reaction time is 200ms and the computer could classify much more than 5 images per second, so it uses less time and consequently less energy per image. I'm all for praising the enormous developments being made in modern computing, but this is absolutely needless exaggeration. Computers are far, far, far weaker at image recognition than even an 8 year old child. The amount of things humans can continually process, using a fraction of the brain (the brain is constantly doing visual processing without shutting the other centers down), whereas a computer can barely do simple tasks and takes longer to do that than "200ms", as you claim. The brain is a mind boggling machine. Our computers are getting pretty kickass, but there is still a long long way to go. Because they aren't. Not yet at least. They probably will be someday, but not for a long time. Another way of looking at this is that Lee Sedol wasn't playing against one machine, but against a team of thousands of players. To say they are categorically better implies better at all things. Now a computer eclipses any human in arithmetic, memorization, etc, but even thousands of cores cannot make it do simple things even toddlers can do. What I don't understand is how "motion design", or any UI design philosophy for that matter, must imply a certain fixed visual style. Take android for example. I loved the clean and understated look of Holo. I hate the inconsistent light pastel whitespaced mess that is material design. However I'm forced to have it if I buy a does matter you don't really have a choice but to write it "by hand" (aka in C). >If that were true, the most effective programmers would only code on assembly. No, because C is as fast as hand-coded assembly in most of the cases. The same can't be said of any high level language in comparison to C (save for C++ and Fortran). A `left-pad.io` is 100% REST-compliant as defined by some guy on Hacker News with maximal opinions and minimal evidence. Wonderful The rich are hated because their accumulating wealth leaves less for the rest of us. As often this wealth is not even the product of merit, it's even more infuriating. You don't need to buy those off-brand SSDs anymore. 250Gb SSDs have crossed below the 100$ mark now. Than what's the point of a Linux machine? I'm not a citizen of the United States nor do I have particular sympathy for their constitution. For a while there I was confused on whether this was an April fools prank or not. Which certainly does justice to Perl. >The other issue is that it takes millions of dollars to fund the research for many of these papers. With no incentive to make money on the research, companies will either stop the research, or it will go completely private and there will be no access for anyone. You seem to be basically misunderstanding the whole thing. This isn't about research funding, it's about publisher fees. The issue with the papers is not that they take money to produce and so the researchers then charge money for others to see the results, and that therefore bypassing these fees would deprive the researchers of their hard-earned money they need to keep funding their million dollar research. That is not at all what this is about. The fees being charged are publisher fees, absolutely ridiculous fees for a minimal service that is completely obsolete in the internet age, hampers collaboration and the flow of information, slows down science, prevents underprivileged persons from accessing the research that is in the vast majority of cases publicly funded, and serves only to give money to these publishers, of which absolutely 0% goes to the researchers themselves. Seems interesting. What is the performance/latency penalty? Why should restricted devices be forbidden? The device is on the market, you know beforehand it's restrictions, and you are free to buy it or not. Calling a voluntary consumer purchase a "feudal model" is really stretching it. >useless crap like the internet I'm dying xD There are a few things I disagree, but at least one is factually wrong. C++ is as fast as C, if nothing else because it's (almost) a superset of it. Precisely! Just because the features are there doesn't mean you must use them. My use case for instance, is to use C++ as C plus the STL (yuck for doing everything manually in C as opposed to having neat classes that are easier to use and equivalent after compilation), useful C++11/14 features like auto type inference or lambdas, PoD structs, and little else. As if touchscreens were a replacement for mice. Mice input is more precise than touchscreens and suited for different tasks. As if touchscreens were a replacement for mice. Mice input is more precise than touchscreens and suited for different tasks. +1 for the Kobo H2O. Weather resistance is something I value a lot in my products. Maybe you should opt for a more serviceable notebook, then? Subscription MMOs existed before WoW. Paying continually for the privilege of playing a game was not something that blizzard invented in 2004. I wasn't being snarky, really. I was suggesting that if upgradeability is in your list of priorities, then you would be better off with another notebook rather than a Macbook. Absolutely, just the other day I was reminiscing about playing J2ME games in my little phone while I was growing up. There were some true gems in there. Very nice work. I just wish that compilers did some of these things automatically. Seems like even with modern optimising compilers it's still up to the programmer to do a lot of the work manually. Precisely. You don't have to be on every new fad website or app, broadcasting your every motion to the rest of the world. But you don't need to go to the extreme of not having email or walking to a library instead of using the amazing repository of information that is the internet. I don't see why, other than laziness to migrate existing projects. >The anger with Python 3 is real. But why? Why would an atheist do that? Yes, I think he was being facetious http://anandtech.com/show/10288/intel-broxton-sofia-smartpho... "The short answer: margins. The long answer: Intel could absolutely build a killer smartphone SoC on the 14nm process. However it would need to be Core based; the Atom CPU line isn't performant enough. They may need to go back to Ivy Bridge or strip down Skylake a bit to get there, but they could do it. The issue is that smartphone SoCs have very low margins. MediaTek, Rockchip, etc are crushing the market. Atom is designed for margins, not performance. If Intel built a winning Core smartphone SoC, then they'd have to sell it for significantly lower margins than what their other Core parts sell for. And that in turn would put pressure on the rest of their chip stack; why should an OEM pay $250 for Core-M when you could get a similar smartphone SoC for $30? For what it's worth Apple faces a similar challenge. But being vertically integrated means they don't have to share with others, and the total profit off of iPhones/iPads can offset the higher costs involved in developing and fabbing the A-series SoCs. However Intel doesn't have that luxury, and Asus would never let Intel have all of the profit. Smartphone SoCs are a race to the bottom. And Intel as a business has nothing to gain from taking part in that race. The winner is the guy who got badly hurt but didn't die; a Pyrrhic victory." You and you alone have the right to the fruits of your labour. Once you are dead you are not gonna benefit from it anymore, so your children do not have any more claim to it than anyone in the country. Therefore it should be redistributed back to all people. Do you think your children should have more rights than other people? >In a market economy, wealth accrues to those who solve people's problems the best. That is simply it true, and it baffles the mind how some people obtusely insist on that bunch of wishful baloney, pardon my bluntness. So a capital holder/landowner simply buys stock/rents out a flat, and by essentially doing nothing but owning stuff he gets to earn a large amount of money while people actually doing stuff are rewarded as lowly as the market can squeeze them. How does this fit with your worldview of "money goes to those who work harder"? >You might accept this contract and we might call it "voluntary" since you agreed to the terms, but that's hardly a fair characterization of the situation. Power differentials matter, and they absolutely produce compulsion. But noo, you enter into a contract voluntarily, it's not exploitation because you can leave your employer. Agh! Marx got it right on the money 150 years ago. It's incredible how the obvious escapes these misty eyed libertarians. >Is this actually a problem? Yes. Every dollar in the pocket of a trust fund baby is a dollar missing from an underfunded public school, a homeless relief program, a cancer research center, a library... Sure, they're "said to". But is there a reliable figure somewhere about usage share of that segment? And yet they can't rewrite their ridiculously inefficient launcher properly :^) The above scam isn't targeted at you, or anyone of the sort of people that frequent HN. Evidently, and as I'm very sure you completely understood but chose to disregard in order to go on a tirade, the above poster wasn't objecting to revenue making in itself, but to the fact that the way that this ad-blocker makes its money is by (ironically), displaying ads. Most non tech people instantly associate ad-blocking software with AdBlock Plus, and don't even realize that the software they are installing made a deal with certain companies to let their ads through. Your tirade against "those damn anti-american commies" (hyperbole but that was the gist of it) makes no sense at all. Since you're apparently hate reading and replying to comments as they were written, instead of as you want to read into them, I paraphrase the above poster: "We all know that outside tech circles most people don't even know what "acceptable ads" are, assume ABP does what it says on the label, and don't bother changing defaults. That's why ABP's business is so shady." Exactly. On a thread some time ago on the topic of ad-blockers, someone said something of the sort "The internet is a pull medium, not a push medium. I don't block ads, I just decline to request them and run their code on my machine" I beg to differ. What about it? I can't show pornography on TV or slander someone on a newspaper and call freedom of speech. That's both true and not. Yes, it's true that the point is akin to saying that even though we have the equations to understand fluid dynamics we don't understand the weather more than in a rough general way and aren't able to make predictions ahead of a few measly days. But it's also true that even the theory behind it isn't "true" in the absolute sense. We don't have a renormalizable quantum field theory of gravity. Therefore our current understanding is most certainly incomplete, much in the same way Newtonian physics alone wasn't complete in its description of phenomena. Makes people mad, but it's true. People who rest and reap profits orders of magnitude above those who work, due only to the fact that they hold capital, are leeches on society. 200MB is my 4g data allowance for 1 month. Yes, for 95% of use cases 200MB is an unnecessarily large burden. >it's a little pricy It's 50€ in a world where premium calendar apps are 3-4€. It better be good to justify an order of magnitude price difference. You can use it without leaving insert mode. Have you a source on that avoid the Romans? The iTerm feature at the end is very thoughtful. I wish other terminals provided that feature. Splitting hairs. The point, as succinctly as possible is that: Incandescent bulbs are inefficient because they lose a lot of energy as heat instead of light. This counters that by introducing a crystal that selectively blocks the heat and lets the light through. Maybe the explanation is wrong in the minutiae but it gets the fundamental point across. That's a symptom of capitalism. When your sole objective is maximizing profit, all else be damned, there is no such thing as working for the greater good or solving any of the critical problems we need to solve to keep our species moving forward. You get photo-sharing apps. I'd say that's a tad overreactionary, but whatever strawman you feel like knocking down, man. I guess actually refuting my point would be too great a strain on you. Thus is the right answer, not "inheritability of intelligence". Economic status propagates through generations much more directly than any genetic quality like intelligence (which isn't even a quality commanded to a significant degree by genetics) Source for those claims? The figure most often quoted is 0.5 for inheritability of intelligence (doi:10.1007/BF01067188), and don't forget this means genetic+environmental factors. Inheritability of wealth of course depends on the specfic society, but the figure of 0.7 was quoted by another commenter below. I agree with the sentiment, but if you peruse the steam catalog you can find many excellent (and successful and popular) games that are completely non-violent. It's a valid complaint, but much in that same way that complaining about there being too many superhero films is a valid complaint: it's true that there are many high profile superhero films, but there are heaps of good films coming out every month which don't involve superheroes. >I think I'm just not a very manly man, Not liking violence and sports does not make you less manly. That being said, there are thousands of completely nonviolent game that even a "wuss" (:p) can appreciate: from tetris to stardew valley. Is there a quick rundown on new features from 2 to 3? Jesus, it doesn't. So go fork it and change that! It doesn't mean other people aren't free to design their plugin as they see fit. Don't try to outlaw speech because it's disrespectful, and don't try to outlaw dissent because it's critical of disrespectfulness. Goes both ways. I hardly think that particular case (abhorrent and indefensible though it is) is indicative of the statu quo. At least where I come from I do not feel that in the slightest. I'm not saying it's true that biological sex creates certain predispositions, but it's also not unreasonable. The people who dogmatically deny it outright are as bad as the people who strongly affirm such differences despite lack of evidence. Precisely. I just want equality of opportunity, that people are free to do what they want, not necessarily that the choices are a perfect 50/50 coin toss. However, since we posit that there are no inherent biological mental differences between sexes then some people contend that if the split is not 50/50 then there is still discrimination. >1974 Well, all of the schools that do not enforce such a ridiculous rule are my data points. So unless you suggest there are more schools enforcing that rule than not, then I have more data points, so I win. Right? The truth is that that anecdote brings no value whatsoever to the discussion. How do you mean? A common stereotype is that men are aggressive while woman are kinder and gentler (the former true to some extent because of testosterone). Surely that's a good trait, so not all stereotypes disfavour women? Point being, recognizing differences between the sexes (which it exists in areas such as the aforementioned aggressiveness, or in kids where you can see boys are more restless and prone to suffer ADHD, but almost certainly not in intellect like you suggest) is not "so obviously sexist". It's the reality. That's very odd. I can see why parents want to be protective, but immediately shielding a kid if a male interacts playfully with them seems an overreaction. >Women being kinder is a sex trope not a neurological reality. But what did I freaking say? -.- I did specifically say it was a stereotype, to counter your point that differences between sex necessarily imply an idea of inferiority of women, and here you go lecturing me on how what I said is a false stereotype D:, well no shit. It's an absurd notion. Negative stereotypes go both ways. But that's not the point. The point is that you clearly have preconceived notions about how the world should be . And damn the facts. I find that an intellectually dishonest way of looking at things. The point is, for instance: in all likelihood there is no difference of, say, intelligence between the male and female population, but you _cannot_ discard that possibility a priori . You can't just say that, because men being inferior to women in that regard, or the reverse, would be undesirable, that you can close your eyes and go la-la-la. You can't. There are physiological differences, hormonal differences, would it be such a stretch that there would be neurological differences too? Or that the hormones would generate different patterns of behaviour in males and females? I mean, just look at your last sentence. You don't actually care to know if men are naturally more predisposed to aggression, or if boys are more hyperactive and thus have more difficulty at school (if that were the case maybe methods of teaching could be more tailored to that reality, but that is beside the point). You just say that "Boys being hyperactive" would mean we have low standards for their behavior, and as that is a conclusion you do not desire, you reject the premise, without caring to know if it is true or not! My point is that your single anecdote (or "data point" or whatever you want to call it) isn't indicative of the statu quo. Does it mean there are places where men are discriminated against? Yes. Does it mean the statu quo is discrimination against men? No. Unfortunately, that's not how it works. A single anecdote (which in true "data engineer" fashion you insist on calling a "data point") does not demonstrate _anything_. Otherwise the face that there has been one rape this year demonstrates the existence of rape culture, the fact that someehere someone was fired for being an immigrant demonstrates a climate of xenophobia, etc. I repeat, a single anecdote is not enough to draw any conclusion, and the fact that you can't recognise this one simple fact boggles the mind. Yes, it can be. And it can not be. You have NO data to say either way. A single event is statistical noise. Come back to me with actual data and we can continue this discussion. >C programmers don't trust anything written since K&R. C is one of the most used languages in the world, and the number of programmers is surpassed perhaps only by a handful of languages. That alone tells me any generalisation you make about C programmers is most probably erroneous. Garbage collected languages are slow though. So you are giving up performance. Offtopic, but this is a repeated offence. Why not suspend or terminate the account? Yes, that was what I meant to say. Nowhere, of course, did I say anything about C being good or not. I don't wish to dig up a holy war, but why would you want to use spaces instead of tabs? That's what they're for, isn't it? One tab = one indentation level. No need for messing around with spaces, which serve other purposes. I don't understand. What leeches are you referring to? I think what parent was trying to say is that it's absolutely an achievement relative to storing a jpeg or mp3 sample, perhaps not so impressive next to the old 4k intros. The article repeatedly stresses how "influential" DF was, and it bothers me a bit. Dwarf Fortress is one of the greatest achievements in video game history because of its unparalleled complexity, but it's pretty much a niche game. It wasn't, I think, very influential at all. There are many adjectives we can use to describe this work. Monumental springs to mind. But not influential. I don't think Minecraft was influenced by DF to any significant degree, and prison architect is not what you would call an important game. Did it? How so? It has almost no mechanics in common apart from procedural terrain generation. "Dwarf Fortress is the main inspiration for the survival game mode, and this is where I want to take the majority of the gameplay. " (emphasis mine) --May 2009 You can argue he didn't even come close to fulfilling that goal. A J2ME Java mobile port was played for many a hundred of hours by my mates and I at school. Replay value was absolutely insane. Whoa! I had no idea there was a vocal version of the theme song. I heard that theme song probably thousands of times before, but never realised it had lyrics. Neat! I think that's a very aggressive line of thinking. You put your profile on LinkedIn. Someone else, looking for a job, is researching opportunities and likes what you are doing. They contact you expressing interest, and you blow them off just because they found out about you via LinkedIn? >The collection doesn't do you any harm This kind of thinking sickens me. So you would be fine with me rampaging through your room and your house looking over your stuff, making a catalog of the things you own, the things you buy, what you do with them, at what hours, and how often, watching you eat, work, play, sleep, be with your friends, taking notes on who you speak to, at what hours, and about what... Since, as you say, this doesn't do you any harm? And now this article's top level comments are a discussion about how another thread's top level comments are out of topic... 1000x performance? 1000x relative to what? What's the actual figure we're looking at? Same, as well as other Fishlabs games (Blades & Magic etc) and plenty others from Gameloft et al. I remember being much more engrossed those times than I have ever been involved in post-touch mobile games, for Android and iOS. I wonder if there was an objective decline in quality (it certainly seems so with the pesky social integration and all consuming microtransactions), or if I simply am less easily taken in than before. I'm sure of that. Some games you just can't play on a touchscreen, but you could on a 12-key keyboard (and vice-versa, to be fair). Only orders of magnitude. Offtopic, but I wonder what do you intend to gain by writing "$word" instead of "a word". It has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with it. Anybody who tries to talk you into believing that bunch of hogwash is a conman. Fortran is still in widespread use in scientific and numeric computing. It's far from "dead". Is it? A large chunk of all scientific and numeric computing software is written in FORTRAN. That last paragraph is the clincher for me. A 60 year old is going to see maybe the next 20 years of long term effects pass them by in their old age. A 20 year old is going to see a lifetime of the consequences of this split, with special emphasis in their youth and entry in the job market and whatnot. Very very sad that the future of today's youth was just put in jeopardy. It crushes me to think of the hardships ahead. That's a very simplistic way to do things. If there were no private firefighters then it wouldn't take long for there to be enough public pressure for a firefighting force to be financed by the state. Because these predatory companies are already in place, the government won't bother and will just shrug. So the alternative to private firefighters isn't no firefighters. It's a bit ironic how a news about such a topic as this is posted on facebook... Figures. A German not laughing at a joke. Who would have thought? :^p I hear that claim, but do you have sources to back the fact that Minecraft was significantly influenced by DF? I mean, there was a crafting mechanic before DF, right? And not many gameplay elements from DF found their way into Minecraft at all. But what's your point? Ethereum is not decentralised because... there are social dynamics? What do you want to do about it? The protocol is decentralised, the technology is completely agnostic to anything but the will of the majority. Of course there will be social dynamics and people will discuss things and read things and coordinate and influence one another. That does not invalidate the whole thing. I think you can talk of things being hard or easy in absolute terms. I mean, to delve fully into the most intricate details of anything is hard, whether it be programming, painting, music etc. But you can't say that, for example, music is hard. Anyone can pick up a guitar, strum 2 or 3 chords and sing along. But writing a symphony is very very hard and requires not only talent but many years of study. The same things applies for coding. Anyone can write a couple of cute programs in Python, so coding isn't necessarily "hard". Programming at a more advanced level certainly is, though. Owncloud server or similar. Having control over your "cloud" is invaluable. C or C++. One thing is how you want the world to be, another very different is how the world is . I want to live in a word where a nice language like rust or nim is the best choice for systems programing. But sadly, in our world, in 2016, the best choice is for many many reasons to go with a tried and tested tool like C or C++. It has been argued so by persons that cherry pick evidence to support that claim. The most straightforward explanations don't come to those conclusions. I'm cringing. I'm cringing at that entire paragraph. Utter nonsense. People aren't, in general, dumber nowadays that they were in the past. It's just that the cutting edge keeps getting harder and harder. The stuff Newton and Einstein became famous for is now standard high school/undergraduate curriculum, while the stuff being done on the cutting edge nowadays needs 20 years of study to become able to contribute anything new, often ridiculously small and niche contributions. Because tabs make much more sense (to me personally) and so I would like to use them, and not have a specific convention imposed on me. Refuted? I thought that hypothesis was far from proven. >I completely agree with you and the article that 1+2+3+...=-1/12 is a sneaky trick and that the definition should be rejected. This not something you can agree or disagree on. You can make physical calculations with this result and get a prediction that you can measure and confirm. This result is sound. That thinking works in a perfect world with perfect information, 100% rational agents, and frictionless movement. It doesn't work for impoverished, illiterate, uneducated people with the weight of poverty, culture and a myriad of other practical considerations from food to roads to family preventing them from take the 100% rational actions that you expect them to take. The problem with you libertarians is that everything you say works with spherical objects in a frictionless vacuum, so to speak. But the real world isn't such a place. Outside your idealistic worldview everything collapses. Assessing the success of your policies by comparing them with Maoist China is going for a rather low bar. And is it working fine? Socially China has huge problems. I suggest you look beyond the GDP figure to assess whether a country is doing fine or not. >Or perhaps simply how badly it is failing at taking care of the sick, the poor, and the needy in almost every single 1st world country? That's quite a bold claim to make. I'm afraid I can't quite see what you mean by that. What I can see is that the countries with the most regulation and state "babysitting", as you like to call it, are the ones best placed in any poverty, development, health or well-being index. I really don't see what you can possibly mean by "badly failing at taking care of the sick, the poor, and the needy in almost every single 1st world country". Precisely because of what I said: people aren't 100% rational beings with full information. People, especially in third world, war-torn, poverty-ravaged countries don't have the power to make the "best decision" in to a libertarian free-market approach as you suggest. Some things aren't solved by capitalistic competition. Point taken. I wish the decision was done to standardise tabs rather than spaces. But since the convention is now spaces, at least in Python, it would do well do follow those conventions. Not necessarily. For example, these borders exist more often in deserts, for instance (see Sahara and Arizona for instance). I'm not sure this algorithm is the best fit for our natural intuition of a rectangular country. I'm just curious what your thought process is. I mean, what makes you think something so wacky as reading minds is happening (come on..) when the explanation is probably just that the birds have quick reflexes. Firefox has done that for the past 6 months or so, for me at least. That at least has a logical meaning, and you really can't simplify it because the thing it represents is that complicated. Using a complicated system of strange words to represent numbers is incomparably worse. Yes, I think the parent realises that. The point I think is that this stuff would be much harder to realise if we used verbose and prosaic descriptions instead of the visually suggestive modern notation (implicit multiplication etc) Scientists today are inventing things 1000x more difficult, and any undergrad understands Maxwell's equations better than he did. That ridiculous quip is moot. I think you grossly overestimate the impact and reach of a minor blogpost on a country far removed in distance, language and culture. That's a frankly pointless comment. Did you miss the point of the parent? I don't think so, I think you deliberately attacked an issue that wasn't even the parent's point. This concern is a valid one: keeping the current paradigm, automation will lead to unemployment on a massive scale which will wreak havoc everywhere especially in underdeveloped countries with little to no social safety net or worker and citizen protection. Keeping the current paradigm, the capitalists will reap even more obscene profits by absorbing the difference between the current salaries and the much lower automation costs, while potentially tens to hundreds of millions of people (in the short term only) will be out of jobs and left with no means of survival. This is very concerning to me, and attacking a straw man with a ridiculous "oh let's close the factories then shall we" is childish. Why so? Again, small consolation for workers getting the short end of the stick (e.g. the 13-year old doing 12 hour shifts with no breaks on a fume-laden factory that made your phone). Sure, you have smartphones and the internet and a greater variety of food items. Did this really improve livelihood though? Communism is an economic system with flaws and virtues you can discuss and argue about. Nazism is about race supremacy and totalitarianism. So yes, thankfully you can't say "Communism is bad" with the same impunity as you can say "Nazism is bad". >killing more people than anything ever before it besides old age. Wow talk about hyperbole. Well I guess that's true if you discount malaria, bubonic plague, typhus, AIDS, dozens other diseases, religion, nationalism, fascism, european colonialism... Again, it's an irrelevant comparison from which you can draw no conclusions. If you want to be honest, at least compare with the number of people killed by European colonialism, or US foreign interference, etc. I dislike Windows but I dislike OSX even more, so software is indifferent for me, seeing as I will be installing Linux anyway. I suspect there are many people who think like me. Ad hominem attacks have no place in a civilised discussion forum. I don't know of any objective benchmarks on that regard, but I do know that Linux is famously erratic in conserving power, with results often varying a lot depending on the specific hardware. LaTeX nitpick: use \text for function names, like \text{roundness}, or else you have roundness which means r times o times u ... That I know of, Medium doesn't have as it's core business the mining and sale of user data with major intrusion and breach of privacy, much less a self-hosted, or even non-self-hosted blog. I've been banging my head on QFT and the Standard Model for enough time now that I can actually glimpse more or less what those terms actualy mean , as in , I can translate them into words. It's almost like learning a new language! Pretty awesome. Still, despite all this complexity, we still have several minor and major theoretical gaps to fill. Exciting times! I'm afraid there really isn't another way around. This stuff is just very difficult. If you want to understand the standard model you need to understand Quantum Field Theory, and to understand Quantum Field Theory you need to understand Quantum Mechanics, and to understand that you need to understand classical hamiltonian and lagrangian mechanics, etc etc, and to understand all that you need lots of mathematical notions, so... There really isn't a fast way but to study the standard texts. Not a hippie, but you do meditation and fasts... Okay, that came out a bit incisive. Do you have any scientific backing to support those claims? I'm especially interested in fasting. Not eating for 3 days a month does not seem especially healthy. Then I see the claim that it cures cancer and forgive me if all my alarm bells go off. I imagine not eating for long periods of time may have some negative health consequences, potentially even very serious ones. I think it's very presumptuous to tell people what is meaningful and not. I have no interest in yachts or sports cars, something stereotypically bought by rich people. OTOH, I have great pride in my current DF save, and in being good at speedrunning some games, for instance. Neither of this things cost me a penny. What makes this less meaningful that something bought with money? It's a hobby, and like any other hobby, it's profoundly stupid. How stupid is it to build model railways? How pointless is it to collect stamps. How dumb is it to fix cars? All "stupid" things we do for pleasure and for accomplishment. I suggest not being so focused on what should be stupid or not, and instead remember that time enjoyed is not time wasted. But we can measure gravity in faraway galaxies. We don't need to actually go there, we have telescopes :) But calorie restriction isn't the same as fasting. I imagine the health effects can be different. Sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it (much like sex :)). We do hobbies in our spare time, for their own sake, and for our own gratification. Whether they accomplish anything is totally irrelevant, in my view. This was precisely what I was looking for. Thanks, I'll look into it. You don't create anything by doing sports, but it is among the most popular and healthy hobbies. You don't create anything by playing chess. Is chess not a hobby? And if you want to look at it that way, I can say you are leaving a collection of stamps, you are preserving little snippets of history and culture from around the world and through the years. In my case, I might be leaving sick replays of me beating SMW2 World 1 in record time, for other's to watch in awe as I do over other speedrunners' work. It doesn't sound ridiculous at all to me (as long as it is presented spirituality- and supernatural-free). I was mostly skeptical about the fasting. Meditation sounds all right, I just never got around to trying it, nor do I like very much the idea of doing nothing for 30 minutes out of each day. If its effects are observable then it can surely be the object of scientific analysis? I could be learning new things or hobbies? Like mastering SMW2, for example? :) Oh sorry, that's not meaningful enough for you, as opposed to investing in businesses (making money for its own sake, I can see just nothing wrong with that), going interesting places (sightseeing, such a productive activity), forming lasting bonds with people (lasting 80 years, tops). And what makes you think that playing games and doing any of those things are mutually exclusive, I might ask? Is reading and writing mutually exclusive? Stop reading, I say! Is the most meaningful moment of your life reading something someone greater than you has written on a piece of paper or a computer disk for profit? (btw nowhere did I say my most meaningful moment was beating a video game, that would be my master's in physics, so far, but that's beside the point) I mean, to paraphrase, certainly do it if you want and enjoy it. Some things do have objectively more impact than others, though, with your book probably not existing unless someone stopped reading theirs for a while to create them with expectation of such impact. That you even like it sort of endorses getting out to create or improve something similar as more meaningful. Rereading this makes me realize how misguided this point is. I assume that it's all or nothing for you, indulge in a hobby and you are a leech on society, incapable of creation and mooching off the work of greater men. Lol. No, you've never been afraid of water shortages because you live in a first world country and earn thousands of dollars per month, plain and simple. If you were living with 2$ a day and rising food costs meant a meal cost 3$ I would like to see you sing a different tune about "food is expensive? just eat less meat and let " the market " figure it out". The massive performance hit, memory hogging, and that input lag that just does not go away even in high end machines is enough to make me never consider Atom at all. I have to say this is contrary to my experience. For example, whenever I try to do what this tells, and jump ahead and skip around the text to try and grasp the general points I invariably get confused and lost because some detail from further back is need to understand the text further ahead. It's only when I invariably need to start over and read it properly that I understand and assimilate the knowledge. Because it contains less information. Maybe you can do 80% as good with 30% the length. But to go 100% you need to go into details that are lost by writing so succinctly. So if your purpose is to do a general overview, then yes, this approach is okay. If not, it's better to be more verbose than strictly needed rather than omit information for the sake of shortness. >One notable exception to this observation is Douglas Self, who writes thick, incredibly useful, highly detailed, and remarkably entertaining books on audio circuitry design. They read almost like good novels. Maybe because sometimes you really need those highly detailed, long, and intricate arguments to fully understand all the nuances of the subject. I know what you mean. It's the current system that's messed up, that just by holding money you can create money. It generates all kinds of fucked up inequalities. I wish I could, but I don't have the cash. Maybe I can save some, by working a few years as an aforementioned employee monkey, but I'll be 30+ by then. I firmly dislike this style of writing. I call it ADD writing. It took 3x as many words to write and 5x as much time to read than if he had just gone straight to the point, instead of going off on some over-the-top rant or irrelevant tangent every other sentence. Offtopic. His opinions on open source politics are little matter to his technical insights. I can appreciate Hitler's paintings, etc etc. >As you mention, intent is not always to avoid paying. Yeah, not always, but very often. Everyone here is trying to downplay this, but I would say >80% of people (disclamer: pulled from my behind) torrent simply because it's free and if they can easily obtain it free rather than paying, then they will. The argument that people pirate because the paid options are shit, and if they were as convenient as torrents people would just pay for them, is rendered moot with the Steam counterexample. Content distribution is much more well advanced and convenient in games compared to movies, and people still pirate en masse. Of course, all of us are really just talking out of our collective asses until we can cite figures from a study. Offtopic, but why use the $igil, and still say (insert ...)? :) They have the same meaning. Someone creates something, they set the rules. End of story. Don't like it? Don't buy. But don't steal, also. If you don't like the price of a shirt and don't like the security in the shop, do you just grab the shirt and leave? Oh, and the store is supposed to thank you , because after all you're going to wear the shirt in public and get a ton of free publicity for the store? Puh-lease... Good for you. There are 6,999,999,999 other people in the world. It's not reasonable to assume everyone else thinks the same as you. I think the idea is to apply this to grid based cities, like the kind predominant in the US, rather than to "chaotic" city plans, like in most old European cities. Barcelona is in many ways atypical of large European historic cities, in that regard. Huh. I've never thought of that. Lol at that last sentence though :). Hmm, that's actually not true. For example a spectroscopical analysis of the composition of be earth's atmosphere would reveal very unusual properties which would be a sure telling sign of photosynthesis, and that has been occurring for billions of years. Hmm I'm sorry but this sounds like trying to rationalise blindly the fact that Apple sells old computers. It's irrelevant if they are "fast enough" or not. What about energy savings with each generation? What about graphics performance, where Moore's law is undoubtedly still alive as well (~2x gains in the last generation of GPUs)? And no, PC sales are not declining because of the slowing down of Moore's law, but obviously because of smartphones and tablets. The technology is really not there yet. I have been considering changing my setup to a 13.3 light notebook with long battery life + an external GPU, but I'm still waiting on the technology to become mature. I pay 25€ for unlimited 100Mbps (up and down) Internet, plus landline and cable, and another 5 for phone with unlimited calls and SMS and 1gb LTE. Quite so, my dear fellow. It's ever so pleasant to cross paths with a fellow gentleman with class, unlike the rabble of today's youth. I do tip my hat to you dear sir. We are better than we were the generation before. Big deal. That's precisely the point: we aren't at the end game, there is still far ahead to push forward to. >Like almost all science in this area, nothing is really proven to work yet. That's why nobody should really buy into these fad diets until such a time as one is rigorously shown to be beneficial. Yes, they need to grow up eventually, but not at age 3. A toddler cannot make good decisions on their own. I'm 100% for the point of view you exposed about letting kids make their own responsible choices instead of hand guiding them, but a 3 year old needs to be told what to do. It's easy to say so with the benefit of hindsight and centuries of accumulated scientific knowledge, but I'd say it's pretty understandable to pin such an odd and eerie event on an "evil spirit" or something similar. What a clusterfuck. >HN is worse than reddit already. This kind of shit is literally on the guidelines. Come on, just don't. >That's actually a good way to describe javascript, C++ without types. I'm sorry but this is just not even remotely true. Javascript and C++ are so different in nearly every aspect it's ridiculous to be comparing the two, from performance to the type system to being compiled to the design philosophy... C++ is far more that js with types -.- This is almost comical :p The brain is not a turing machine. You can't make these kind of analysis because the brain isn't just a huge von neumann computer. I think it's not even remotely productive to make these wild assumptions about how the brain works. We know very little about the workings of the brain. It's very probable that this sort of analysis has almost no correlation to what's actually happening in the brain. Thanks, that has sure assuaged my qualms -.- Let me just say, for an article about writing less, this is sure a roundabout way of saying something that could be said in 1/3rd of the length. No, I don't want to hear you ramble on with the discourse of someone who thinks they are hilarious and likes the sound of their own voice too much. Just get to the point. /rant Wow. I've never heard of that. I read a couple and it's really great: accurate, uncomplicated, and to the point. Definitely gonna share this around! Lol. So a private company deciding not to do business with guns (and tobacco and whatnot) is apparently eroding 2nd ammendment rights? Well I, a private citizen, don't have a gun in my house, I guess I am eroding those rights too? Yawn. There are many use cases for which Nim might very well be a very good language other than concurrency. Yes! The current flat design trend makes it difficult to distinguish clickable from non-clickable elements due to the fact that they are all flat. Android "Material Design" is even worse because of the dreadful pastel color scheme which makes things even worse. In principle, yes. I remember being left with a positive impression after viewing the first Material Design demo. None of those features materialised in practice, though. Yes, even things that aren't actually clickable will give you the same visual feedback as a button, the same appearance and the same behaviour when clicked. It's madness. Oh god it's one of those app opening videos isn't it? Yep, it is. D: Well here is a tip that should be somewhat obvious: unscientific measurements of which phone loads apps faster when you click from the home screen isn't any basis to claim a phone "beats" the other, especially when we were talking about processor performance. By the way, the iPhone beats the S7 on single core and the S7 wins on multi core performance. Which makes sense seeing as you are competing a dual core with an octa core. Not to mention not secure. Not if it's so massively inefficient that the number of false positives mean that you waste time chasing air. False dichotomy. You can do other things besides chasing a very high false positive-rate indicator and sitting still doing nothing. I don't think anything in your post makes the least bit of sense. Easier and a major performance disaster. You shouldn't ever do this ever. If you are a programmer, it's your job to implement this correctly. I have 2 issues with this. First, you could say what you wanted to say in 1/3rd of the length if you weren't speaking in such a conversational manner and interspersing your discourse with irrelevant jokes and stuff like ""OOooooOOOooh soo exciting" right?". I don't read stuff on data structures to amuse myself. I want it to be as succint and to the point as possible and not waste my time kidding around. If I want to kid around I will do something else. But I guess some people prefer this, I suppose. Second, I don't think the best place to go on lengthy explanations with figures included is in the comments of a source code file. Markdown is your friend. "The tone of the report was a little operatic, but the question it raised is deadly serious." How do you mean? Can you expand a bit on that? Ehh... Projecting how things will go in the "coming century" is in my view a silly endeavour. Modelling current policy based on those projections even more so. I say wait to see how this whole AI thing pans out before starting to teach kids about some hypothetical form of AI. >And using public fields in a non trivial project is a sure receipt for disaster. Why, though? Surely it's the programmers' job to access what they need and leave alone what the don't. As someone else said, Python has no concept of public/private and it works okay.