That, and that governments do what they promised they would do in the Paris agreement. It should really not be that controversial. Off topic, I'm wondering, do people on here tend to have subscriptions to sites like wsj.com that are behind a paywall or is there a known way to get past it without one that I just don't know about? > That being said, the dismissive use of 'Happy Pills' is a bit problematic IMO, for some that is the most effective way to heal depression 100% agree. For some of us, a low dosage SSRI is all it takes to unclog the brain and start the healing process. This video shows the thrust and motion vectors: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HyJHX6MZOWg > Even if every car on the road had the ability to respond instantly to the car ahead, being forced to brake hard still risks loss of control especially in bad conditions Driving on the road is not some kind of high speed car chase. If one had left enough space to the car in front based on the current road conditions and speed one wouldn't have to brake hard. Anyone can adjust their speed to increase the distance to the car on front. Often arguments sound like driving too close or too fast are inevitable facts of life. Right now that's Signal. The same way you could be on Facebook and not being radicalized at all. At the end of the day it's people who chose to be misinformed, who chose to not question, not look elsewhere, not to be skeptic about how content is making them feel. Facebook just shamelessly takes advantage of people's shortcomings, for profit. Is this wrong? Am I misunderstanding anything? I'm genuinely curious. I feel that it's a choice because it's under our control what we do. We chose to believe, we chose to hate, to judge. Believing everything FB puts in front of you in their feed is just lazy. We have to do better than that. Absolutely, it's more than just Facebook but also other social platforms and "news" outlets. And in some countries definitely the political class as well. They struggle with the size of their mobile apps so they've got that going for them For me that's still what it's best at and what it should focus on. "Paper", Signatures, Password, to me that feels like they're desperately trying to find something to not just be a reliable external hard drive for people. Oh and of course their number one ambition, trying to convince me to upgrade to whatever more expensive plan they have. What?!? I have to try that. I hope I can get my codes out of Authy somehow. Looks neat. Hopefully it'll be available on non Apple devices someday. > All data is encrypted even if is stored in iCloud, so you never have to worry about nasty hackers. That looks like there's a word missing or something. Are you implying that the Switch hardware isn't good enough for its games? I have yet to play a game that doesn't run well. Maybe I should try Witcher 3. One day we might see an article like this, marking the beginning of the end. Looking back 1y+ I wouldn't have thought that something so life altering was about to happen, yet it did. I remember news stories about a respiratory illness but didn't think much of it. Now I often read news stories, hoping that that's not going to be the next headline I don't think much of of, but will think back to in a year's time as something horrible that has happened. I think parent is talking about professions where the scientific method is followed. It's not about how "sophisticated" something is. I remember my partners parents saying the same about star fish population around Hornby island. The time frame matches up as well. Do what you want others to do as well. Yes you can't change everything yourself, but as a community you can. This is a problem of individualism. You can't fix that with more individualism. While I don't agree on the premise here. There's never gonna be the one thing solving the whole problem. It's gonna be the sum of a million little things. Don't let good be the enemy of perfect. For many it was the prospect of metadata being sent to WA's big brother Facebook. Personally I don't want anything to do with the FB ecosystem so I deleted my WA account. I didn't have anything against WA per se, I really like the app , just the connection to FB is unacceptable. Obviously not "absolutely every company in America does this", this sounds like an attempt to normalize it. It makes me sad to time and time again learn that the low prices of services I love are unsustainable and instead subsidized by treating someone unfairly downstream. I wish I could be told what the ethical price for something is and I might actually pay it. And if that price is too high, then maybe that service shouldn't exist in the first place. That's right. I don't think I said otherwise. Any reason you couldn't replace "Postgres" with "a database"? I didn't find anything Postgres specific other than maybe "SELECT FOR UPDATE SKIP LOCKED" which you can do without. Using some equivalent, yes I recently switched to Click from argparse and like it better so far. > That said, the bands will almost certainly be collecting a lot of data. That might include incredibly fine variations in typing patterns; overall levels of bodily tension; and any biometric information captured by fitness tracking sensors, augmented reality glasses, and other tech that could be integrated with the bands. Why on earth anyone would hand over that much personal data to a company like Facebook is beyond me. We all have to do a better job at educating non tech people of the implications. Why did I just spend 2 minutes on that?! Given that the list of organisations [0] consists of public and private ones, your statement reads somewhat disingenuous to me. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_House_press_corps I think you're right if you are actually able to get ms or μs but as far as I know the unit your getting most of the time in python is second. Maybe they scaled back in just a bit too much /s How would a self driving car "change humanity as we know it"? Sure it might make travel by car suck less but not in any significant way that would change humanity in any meaningful way. At least not outside of a very narrow bubble we might be a part of. More and more I appreciate Signal for what it is. A no nonsense (okay, stickers) messaging tool for people that know each other in real life. I hope it never changes into something "social". This here happens on the retrieving side so clients can get a different "view" of the data. You're 100% right. I'm just worried that by going more "social", chances increase of Telegram going the same way as WhatsApp and Instagram. Your example is way better than what AWS has on their page (marketing, analytics) which made me think immediately: you shouldn't use a file store for that but a database. Personally I rather it didn't, yes. Being sold to Facebook just means I have yet to switch messengers again. I think Athena has to get a lot less expensive for that to become true. I very much doubt that. There is no serious movement with that goal. It's a bit more subtle where I live but rest assured, even the unmarked van, the yellow vest, it's pretty obvious even without the Amazon logo. I agree. In a way that's one of the strengths of SOLID in my opinion. All places I've worked at had slightly different versions of what e.g. SRP meant. And that's ok. It's a way to make sure your team writes code in a way their teammates would expect. Whether that's objectively good code or not doesn't matter as much to me. Do you have a source for that? > Because otherwise how do you know when they suddenly change their script to do something entirely different? Even though it's inconvenient maybe we should treat it as just another 3rd party dependency that needs to be downloaded, screened, and then used from the internal store. Pretty dangerous to dynamically load a script from a site like facebook.com. I wish we could collectively accept that meat consumption is a huge ecological and environmental problem our planet is facing and simply transition to a more sustainable, vegetarian diet. Reducing the effect that industrial meat production has on the environment is great and it's something we as humans do, improve the negative effects of our behavior when instead it would have far greater effect to change our behavior instead. > z3 is tested on python 2.7 Yikes! I have to admit, just yesterday I changed my phone notifications to audibly (sound or vibration) notify me only for calls of any kind. Signal still gets a silent notification with no details but every other app, including email, doesn't really deserve my immediate attention. Will that piss some people off? I doubt it but maybe. Will I spend less time on my phone, for sure! It's hard to believe that the behavior we saw can be reasonably explained by demand. Interesting, what's the benefit over exposing the port through Docker? > She also dressed as a Native American at a Halloween party as a teenager. As someone who grew up in Germany, this made me chuckle, as probably 50% of children did this at least once in their life where I lived for "Fasching". The other half were cowboys. Most GUIs let you stage individual lines quickly and efficiently to achieve exactly what the author laid out in the beginning. Make whatever changes while you're in the zone and then spend a couple minutes grouping your changes on a per line basis. Maybe it's more cumbersome if your want to stay in the command line but that's a choice. Use the tools that fit your workflow. That is one well written Github issue! It is a premature April fools joke. People who argue #2 might simply not understand how insurance works. > For comparison using JSON configuration files this entire class os problems would not exist. Every application would read the data in the same way The issue they mentioned earlier remains, as it's not specific to env vars. What if you don't supply a config file? > The environment is now different. What should the program do? Use the old configuration that had the env var set or the new one where it is not set? Error out? Try to silently merge the different options into one? Something else? I'm really not a big fan of using env vars for configuration but there are cases where it's a good choice, for example running docker compose and passing a .env file that becomes the configuration for the container. I agree that it's not a very good way to configure an application in a "shared" environment. For instance, I'm not a fan of curl reading my HTTPS_PROXY env var and implicitly using that value. That should be controlled exclusively by a cli switch imho. Hell no! I'm a passionate software developer but no way would I move down south. Compensation is about a lot more than $. > games and events Not tied to uni but virtually mandatory to participate in social events. Sure you can just say to simply opt out but then it might be more difficult to socialize. When I took the trans siberian railway in 2008, they actually took a break at the border of Mongolia and China I believe to change the axles for different size ones which took a couple of hours. > I could imagine myself enjoying being at the office much more in such a place. It gets old too. There is a reason why companies create an environment like that and it's not to make you genuinely happy. I hope this dip into remote work makes people move somewhere they like, being able to create a work from home environment, work (remotely) for a company that doesn't make them miserable and focus on the things that really matter in life. Maybe it's different for me because I have a dedicated work room but I don't really get that mindset. I love being at home, being able to switch between work and personal life multiple times a day, it's so liberating. This very much depends on where you live and how your local government is handling the pandemic. Maybe "make it fast" could fall under #4 Make it elegant, as an elegant way to solve a problem could be a way that solves it more efficiently (faster) than others. It sounds more like a "offline" codec, not a Google service compressing your voice so I don't immediately see how Google would violate our privacy here this time. I'm not saying I could do it, but it's certainly a dream. That's quite some cherry picking you're doing there. ... Total deaths pM Norway: 123 Total deaths pM Finland: 148 Total deaths pM Germany: 915 ... Source: https://www.statista.com/statistics/1104709/coronavirus-deat... > I'm not sure why you consider Belgium cherry-picking but not Norway, Germany, and Finland. > You could make an argument for Finland and Norway as more culturally similar Exactly that. Germany I simply chose because that's where I'm from originally. The data couldn't be more clear that's why I thought it wouldn't be necessary to list many more countries with a stricter Covid19 policy and a considerably lower death rate. Same here, deleted about 6 months ago. Was just as surprised. Have a look at this study that analyzed different countries'/regions' responses to the pandemic and the outcome in terms of economic impact, death toll, etc: https://www.institutmolinari.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/17... > Here's the text without having to execute arbitrary code from twitter Ok, I'll bite, what's this about? What "arbitrary" code is being executed when you visit Twitter? Regarding boiling frog metaphor: https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2006/09/the-b... What do you mean by that? Is there a point where if you're on the left of it on the political spectrum you're in favor, and otherwise against? To be fair, your credit score is completely irrelevant for everyday financial transactions. I'd just get a new card or two with different banks and wait for the score to go back up. It doesn't take that long and isn't even a big deal unless you're applying for mortgage or something similar. Or am I mistaken? It sounded like OP experienced the drop because they had to get new cards. But once they have new cards, the score doesntayter amymore. That's why I usually don't get the obsession over the credit scores. Does that include consumer credit cards though? If it had to be backed by assets, people would just spend the money at a different time. I guess the economy would be missing out on all that predatory interest. Well, it sure will make him rich. > For a list of domains that should not break anything, use telemetry-domains.txt For sure, because it's empty. > the situation in Europe is unsustainable with all the youth and elders voting for "free healthcare" (it's so hard to make them understand it's free for them but oh so expensive for many others) I think you might misunderstand how the systems work. First of all, there is no such thing as European healthcare. Every country has their own system. In Germany for instance, 14.6% of your post tax income go towards healthcare (capped at a post tax income of EUR 58.050). No one thinks it's free and it isn't free for anybody except for those who really cannot afford it which have never heard anyone critizise. I know it's pessimistic but that's what I thought as well. This post isn't about the Twitter service becoming available I know, but still, starting a presence there will probably increase usage which in turn will probably add a couple of countries to the "divided by social media" list. Meaning? Fwiw, it's not tracking location > The app, called Blip, generates a geofence — a virtual boundary, created by the employer using GPS — that detects when an employee enters or leaves. I understand location tracking as being tracked, i.e. someone knows where I am at any given time. Here it's a binary information. Inside the fence (place of employment) or not. Once you're out, all the employer knows is that you're not at work. Don't get me wrong, I despise this but it's not tracking strictly speaking. Technically no, the client does not have to send the exact location to its server at all times to determine if the device is within the fence. I like apps with browser integration like 1Password so I don't have to copy the plain text password to the clipboard or even have it be visible in my she'll. Except that the cavemen were able to live sustainably in the cave in the first place. > And what are you going to do about it? Call customer service? I know it's not perfect but I feel much better knowing I pay for my email service, online storage and password management, knowing I'll be a paying customer in someone's system deserving of at least some degree of customer service. Interesting, thanks for the link. My comment however was in response to the comparison cave/hut, not caveman lifestyle in general. But I get what you're saying. Maybe we're just fundamentally unable to live sustainably, by design so to speak. > Useful for running unknown scripts Or just, you know, read them before you run them. > the moment it gets converted to anything real, the owners will be caught Is that how it works? Won't there be, say banking institutions that simply won't keep a record of who converted the bitcoin to money similar to how VPN providers are claiming to not log user's IP addresses? You're probably right. I was thinking of the usual suspects when it comes to offshore accounts but also Switzerland with historically very strong privacy laws. But I'm know nothing about the banking industry so I could be totally off here. Plus the risk associated with running Linux or any of the executables is orders of magnitude lower than copy/pasting and running a bash script one found on the internet. How does one get from > The Government of Canada Launches Consultation on a Modern Copyright Framework for Online Intermediaries to > Canadian government proposes website-blocking system for piracy websites ? Except that nothing has been proposed here. This is a RFP. What do I, as an end user, have to do to be protected? Is it sufficient to use Firefox with its default settings? Honestly I don't know and I think I should. I have uBlock Origin, Privacy Badger, ClearURLs installed on Firefox, I'm running pi-hole at home, it's just so much. Thank you, I'll have a look! Love that data this is making public but I wish it wasn't always so much blue vs red, Republicans vs Democrats, who is worse, my team or theirs. They're all corrupt to some degree, why make it even more partisan that it already is. > It took four hours Love this guy's prototyping skills, I wish I could hammer out a project in that short a time. Takes me longer just to get the soldering right. Hopefully this will bring in actual competition and lower prices. Do you have examples of how that would be used in real life decisionmaking? Given that it seems that you can be transmitting the virus without developing symptoms, would it really be that much safer for an unvaccinated person? Does the distribution matter here? I wonder if there'll be pockets of unvaccinated people in areas of higher vaccination hesitancy and what that means for herd immunity. Probably true. Too bad a big part of the population is so easily inconvenienced and seemingly unable to understand a complex situation given the information landscape that exists. I'm not saying you're wrong but the feeling about being a guinea pig feels to me like it must be rooted in either ignorance or disinformation because while this whole thing is definitely sped up (pipelining), there have been trials with a lot of people that were the actual guinea pigs. That's fantastic, thank you. I might be naive but I don't see how the CC company would have the list of items you purchased. Is that some kind of meme that I missed the inception of? I've seen that "temporarily embarrassed ..." a couple of times in the last week. I get your point, it's magnificent. But something seems off with those numbers: 7.3+4.48+5.998 > 13.8 Oh man, you're right :+1: > I have to imagine that vegans have an incredibly low risk profile for prions. What do you reckon the risk profile of vegetarians would be? Are prions likely to end up in eggs and milk? It's a balance I'd say. Arguably those satelites serve a purpose that ads don't. Do they really "fly" those satellites over areas where they don't provide service and if so, do they have to? > Today, Apple is carbon neutral for global corporate operations, and by 2030, plans to have net zero climate impact across the entire business, which includes manufacturing supply chains and all product life cycles. This means that every Apple device sold, from material collection, component manufacturing, assembly, transport, customer use, charging, all the way through recycling and material recovery, will be 100 percent carbon neutral. This sounds impressive. I wonder how that works in practice especially the parts of the supply chain that Apple doesn't control directly, like "material collection". Are they just planting a bunch of trees, buying CO2 certificates, or are they actually making the entire supply chain carbon neutral? Disqus -> qusDis -> cusDis -> cusdis I hope that's not too close to the original name I wish there was a Vancouver one. From my experience, clubs are much more connected with the community in Europe. Where I'm from, you'd have sports clubs that offer different sports at different levels. In Germany you'll find a "Sportverein (SV), Fussballclub (FC), Turn- und Sportgemeinschaft (TSG), etc" in almost every town. If it's a generic club, they'll have many sports. Eintracht Frankfurt for instance has a Bundesliga football team but they also have amateur football teams, handball teams, hockey, etc. Towns often have more than one sports club so there connection to "your" club as well. So there is a direct connection between your town and the sports club. It's the place where you sign your kid up to participate in team sports. Independent clubs aren't really a thing in Europe, for instance Bayern Munich is the team from Munich. They'll probably never be based in Berlin just because they're making them a better offer. Local clubs often have a long history, too. It's not uncommon for a local sports club to be over a hundred years old as well (TSG 1899 Hoffenheim, founded in 1899). I don't think that's it. For fans, whether you "belong" to a club has nothing to do with money. It more what city you were born in, what games did your parents take you to when you were young, what trading cards did you own when you were a child or who were your idols when you played football as a kid, things like that. Correct, it's a wrapper around csv.DictReader https://github.com/Pytlicek/sheet2dict/blob/main/sheet2dict/... Same experience here. We were lucky and with just a few adjustments are being able to cope quite well. It does require for me and my partner to go to bed earlier to have more of our sleep overlap with baby's, otherwise it'd be hell. But at the same time we get up earlier, too. Whatever happens, know that it's ultimately not only up to you. There's quite a bit of luck involved how they are able to cope with the environment and what sleep pattern they prefer. And OT but relevant for every new parent, sorry for giving unsolicited advice. But always remember, whenever it gets tough: "They're not giving you a hard time, they're having a hard time!". That helped me better understand that it's our job to help them through whatever crazy thing they're going through at any given time. I don't get it, can anyone elaborate on what they are talking about there? I would assume multi-repo also means dependency on packages rather than code. So code changes that are not backwards compatible yield a new version of the package that doesn't have to get applied across all uses of that repo. So many organizations you could say that for. They're probably paying people enough to keep them "happy". I only skimmed it and I couldn't find anything practical enough that would help me in my day to day work. For example it talks about design patterns but only in an abstract way, not what pattern could help you solve certain classes of problems (2.3.3). Or API design, great that's a constant source of contention, again, nothing meaty to reference in a discussion either (2.4.1). I'm probably grossly misunderstanding the purpose of that document. I was hoping it to be more similar to the OWASP cheat sheets [0] but more general. [0] https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/ > And 9% is a very important amount in my opinion! It's important to know what amount that's 9% of. In case of the German Kirchensteuer it's 9% of your income tax [0], not of your gross income or even after tax income. [0] https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirchensteuer_%28Deutschland%2... This is great, I actually had fun solving this one and I learned something too. Why do you believe that unless they're paying their developers "250k-500k a year", they wouldn't have built something useful? Do you think they care? Do they have rules around residency? I did a bit of searching and found people saying you can sign up and use it in Canada without issues as long as you can provide a US address which shouldn't be a problem, especially that you don't need a physical SIM anymore if your phone supports that. However I was wondering if this is actually a good deal for us Canadians. I'm with Fido and pay CAD65 for unlimited calling, text and 10GB of data which is less than the USD60 that I saw online. That includes roaming between US/Canada/Mexico but at least right now and for the coming months, that's of little value. It implies that only an extremely highly paid developer can write efficient code which I think just isn't true. And don't forget: during production I agree with you that the risk of getting Covid-19 far outweigh the risk of blood clots associated with some vaccines, however, I've read this comparison with birth control related blood clots many times and it just doesn't seem to be comparable. https://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-comparing-blood-clot-r... > Indeed, government health officials are investigating a type of blood clot called a cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) among the J&J recipients. These clots formed in the draining veins of the brain, combined with a low platelet count, essentially causing a stroke. Hormonal birth control pills, on the other hand, raise the risk of blood clots in the leg that can break off and travel to the lung, causing a pulmonary embolism that blocks blood flow to part of the lung. The latter clots can be treated with anticoagulants, while the J&J clots cannot. One seems to be far more deadly than the other. I've been to many malls in south east Asia and found them much nicer. Lots of good food usually and better integrated into the city. Often adjacent to residential areas. 100% agree. It drives me bonkers that even now with towns and cities expanding and new town centres forming, there's still a strict separation between residential and commercial use. Why not allow spaces for light commercial use in apartment buildings? > Changes that build on the original either go in the same PR, or have to wait until the PR is merged so a second PR can be created. For feature branches feature-2 that's based on feature-1, why not create a PR from feature-2 onto feature-1 to get the review started? Once feature-1 is merged, simply rebase feature-2 and update the PR. Pipeline that shit, baby! For sure. I get annoyed when people argue along the lines of "but look how all the power is generated using coal and oil" because people simply don't understand that electricity is the interface that decouples the car's energy source from the way its source. As you said, once electricity is generated using only renewables, bam, instant success, without changing anything about the cars. Depends on your circumstances at home. It totally depends on your setup at home! In what kind of scenarios do they use Protobufs? I can think of messaging systems, streaming, RPC, that sort of thing? Sorry, I couldn't help but read this as an ad. I guess it's not a shortcoming if privacy isn't their primary selling point. It seems more like they want to be like wechat, packed with all the features you need to never have to leave the app. So downstream from the LB it's no longer HTTP? Or is every component just protobuf "aware"? I think having it in the back is genius as that's where I always have a finger as opposed to the front. It's so awkward to try to hold the phone in my hand securely AND holding my thumb on the scanner at the same time. I've always found that unlocking your device with your fingerprint scanner on the front of the device only works nicely if you're holding it with the other hand. Education, to me, seems like the perfect way to "fight misinformation without censorship". Teach our kids how to read, how to understand, how to contextualize and think critically. We don't need big tech to come up with a solution to a problem that big tech caused to some degree. > Tinder Plus, Tinder Gold, Tinder Platinum, Tinder Super Like, Tinder Boost, Tinder Super Boost, Tinder Top Picks I can't tell whether you're joking which in itself is hilarious to me. Believing in there being 2 sides is probably a good indicator that we've already failed. I'm glad we have choice then. Learning how to use knots is just so satisfying, I don't know what it is, I can't really put my finger on it. My father in law has one rule: Don't get any blood on it. Midday showers are one of my favorite things about WFH. I envy those people that go on 500 mile road trips all the time and therefore can't live without a car with ICE. Personally I think I could live with not having that kind of range at all times if there were reasonable car sharing or rental options around. That link is just an ad for a service called Backflip. What does that have to do with this? > The new DoNotPay app acts as a “robot lawyer,” letting you “sue anyone by pressing a button.” > DoNotPay also offers services that help you renegotiate a cheaper flight or hotel price. > “We are in an AI arms race between good and evil,” Browder added. “We hope to help consumers fight back, protect their privacy, and avoid stalkers on dating apps!” They should add video streaming and messaging, then it would be the only app you ever need \s Been there, done that. Not the same. Unless your company is fancy I guess? I just have a really cozy bathroom with everything I need =] I agree that knowledge is connected to trust. So what happened, we don't trust our institutions, schools, government, anymore and all of a sudden we believe every dumb thing we see on Facebook? > a sense of meaning, inclusion and purpose for many I think you're right, that IS crucial as well. I often feel that I'm so content with how my own life is going that I neither have the time nor interest to marginalize a certain group, hate another, feel superior to immigrants or whatever. No matter how much Fox news or CNN I read or watch (which I don't do much at all). I think your last paragraph is spot on! I use https://sequencediagram.org/ quite frequently these days, I like how you can get a link with the actual diagram encoded in it, makes it trivial to store and share. What an unfortunate name these days What made you use KOReader? I've always synced between my Calibre library and my Kindle directly and that works great. That's my flow actually. I look up books on Goodreads or Amazon but buy them from Kobo. There are the additional steps of downloading, removing the DRM and uploading it to my Kindle but I think it's worth it. It is, isn't it. Many people find the UI charming, the top post actually put that into words nicely. If you wanted to remove Amazon from the equation, I recommend Kobo. Prices are similar and you can remove the DRM quite easily. I don't know why and I don't want to jinx it but I get no ads at all when using youtube on my laptop. Only on my mobile which is why I don't watch youtube there. Well now I think it's a badass name =] > Why don't we just improve air travel? Unless you go electric, you'll never get anywhere near a carbon footprint of rail. Not at all what I noticed. Everywhere I can go with a fast train (expensive) I can go with a slow train aswell, for far less money. I went to the hospital a few months ago for something that could have been covid-19 and they did test the various influenza strains as well as the covid one. Not sure how representative that is though. I don't think the covid-19 swab or gurgle tests automatically test for the flu as well. I recommend buying plain yoghurt and adding to it whatever you actually like. It's less waste usually, cheaper and exactly what you actually want to eat. After 2 years or so of eating vegetarian I don't think that meat burgers are actually better. First of all, a burger is all about toppings and condiments. And vegetarian patties have come such a long way, texture and flavor wise, it blows my mind. Compared to the boring and ever the same taste of meat it doesn't even come close for me. Exactly. On the topic of grocery store real estate. It blows my mind how much space meat products take up. Huge shelves of beef, pork, chicken in all forms and stages of processing. It's crazy to me the degree of reliance and attachment to animal products we've been coerced into. When I was wwoof'ing I picked I'd say an apple every 2 seconds. But only until you have to adjust the ladder or empty your bucket into the big bin, etc. The thing is you have to be quite careful. Apples don't like falling down as that causes them to bruise. We sure are. But there is no reason to keep eating meat other than personal preference. We don't have to eat meat and given the environmental impact, maybe we shouldn't anymore. Sure things taste different but who cares, we've enjoyed the privilege for a long time, so let's move on. What I mean is that there is huge amounts of money out there working hard on preventing us to move on through commercials and lobbying, things like that. Recently, right wing conservatism even started using meat consumption as a signal to show that you're not a liberal. Fried cauliflower is so good, thanks for reminding me about that! You're right, in the case where rail needs to get built and not just upgraded or used where it exists you need to take that into consideration. And I don't know what that means for the carbon footprint but my gut feeling is that it'd still be better than air travel in the long run. And a million other moving parts: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/0x4447/0x4447-product-s3-e... > Our initial conversations started with Roku simply to renew the current terms of their ongoing deal with YouTube TV > However, Roku chose to use this as an opportunity to renegotiate a separate deal encompassing the YouTube main app Those seem to be 2 different apps they're talking about I hope there's no internet fibre there Great article. I truly wish that companies that base their business model on environment destroying convenience would just die. But people love their convenience unfortunately. I highly recommend vermicomposting which involves hundreds of even thousands of little worms. I have a HungryBin and don't even need a green bin anymore, at least not for kitchen waste. What you get is compost which is great for gardening and worm tea which is great fertilizer. We only have a small garden so I don't have enough brown waste to get to the right ratio of brown to green. I might be wrong though but that's why I think a conventional compost wouldn't work as well. What I like about the worm bin, is that the wormies are perfectly fine with a very high ratio of green waste to brown. I also haven't had any issues with smell, in winter I even have the bin in my garage, a friend of mine has his in the kitchen. At the same time, obviously that's a property of vermicomposting, not of the HungryBin specifically. > Most of our neighbors put their green bins out every week and in fall they put lots and lots of paper bags with leaves out. Why? I agree, especially when it's so easy to compost at home with a little bit of space. Not for the purpose of making a carbon footprint calculation I believe. > as it forms closed cycle Wouldn't that require the grass to grow more to compensate for the increase in CO2? Sure you can argue about the specifics and how bad eating beef is for the environment and whether it's 10x worse or 100x worse than something else. But it's hard to argue that it's not causing an environmental problem that other foods simply wouldn't create. Monoculture, water poisoning, carbon footprint, animal cruelty, health and we haven't even considered the ethics of it yet. I get that it's part of our lifestyle but why is it so difficult to move on? I think this is only a problem in a subset of cultures, not one of "adults" in general. Seems unnecessarily retaliatory, what would that improve? I've never in my life seen a OS or app ask me what my race is for the purpose of determining what emojis to show me. Is that really a thing? This is a very North America centric view I think. The Simpsons aren't nearly as popular in other countries. I wonder if that emoji could procedurally be generated on the client without officially deploying every combination to the standard. Male child + Yellow + ZWJ + Gender Neutral child + Yellow + ZWJ + ... And then it builds up the family emoji from the inside out. This made me quietly lol You mean before they discontinued it last September? As the name suggests, it was a temporary taxable benefit. Unfortunately we don't have a UBI in Canada yet. > Our passions are easily manipulated. When you have sacred cows and official truths, you enable the very thing you're trying to fight. There is no arguing whether or not the Holocaust happened. That's not a debatable thing but something that affected millions of people. There are too many impressionable people on the internet and often a weak education system. How else do you suggest we prevent history from getting rewritten by a bunch of internet flashmobs? I'd say we don't let the good be the enemy of the perfect. This is what the article said and at least include more people with disabilities than it did before, isn't that good? - They have a lower limb deficiency (for example, due to amputation or congenital limb deficiency). - They have a leg length difference. - They are of short stature ( [0] https://hn.algolia.com/?dateRange=all&page=0&prefix=true&que... I'm getting downvoted, but why, I don't understand. There seem to be laws around having to put the "made in ..." on the product itself, it shouldn't be hard to put that on the online product description as well. I'd be for that. It's not an anti-[any country] thing, I'd just prefer things that are made close to where I am. > Many of them going so far as to say they would never use one for themselves now or in the near future. I'm less worried about the autonomous vehicle I might be driving and more about the ones others are driving. Here's an idea, how about being able to geofence a neighborhood as " After all, users would need to get a sense of what it looks like before they’d want to buy it. Interesting work but I doubt it's what anyone buying these assets would want. I don't know if you're being sarcastic, but you don't need to work endless hours to "be somebody", maybe to be a successful entrepreneur but then you have a very specific idea about what defines someone's value. I know very few people in salaried positions whose overtime isn't at least somewhat related to their inability to a) manage their time properly or b) stand up for themselves. I would expect an outrage here if someone suggested evaluating someone's work performance based on the number of commits the same way we consistently criticize evaluation based on number of lines of code or hours spent in the office. Interesting but I somehow don't see why Google would spend engineering time on what sounds like less of an engineering problem. I am graying but I wouldn't say I'm that old =) Btw, what's that new "tictac" you youngsters keep talking about... > In short, while you can put an AirTag on your dog or cat, Apple does not encourage it to cover its own butt in case of legal action. I don't get the "not advised" part from that page. It just sounds like they're just not advertising this articular use case. > The immune systems of more than 95% of people who recovered from COVID-19 had durable memories of the virus up to eight months after infection. > The results provide hope that people receiving SARS-CoV-2 vaccines will develop similar lasting immune memories after vaccination. > "I feel safer in the back seat than I do in the driver's seat, and I feel safer with my car on Autopilot, I trust my car Autopilot more than I trust everyone on the road." > He believes his Model 3 can drive itself, and does not understand why he had to spend a night in jail. This sounds like the technology version of your typical anti-vaxxer's reasoning. "I believe, therefore it's true". This reminds me of my grandma who claimed she could tell if a Kinder Surprise egg had a plastic toy or one of the, often more desired, figurines in it by shaking it a certain way. That always impressed me. I wonder if that's why she did it or if it was to amuse me. I miss my grandma. For anyone looking for a open source notes app that let's you keep control of your data, have a look at https://joplinapp.org/ . What I like about Joplin is that it lets me sync with my phone without much hassle via e.g. Dropbox You mean lists like this: https://www.notion.so/Products-Materials-92c8bdfbcbd049e3a97... That doesn't exist in Joplin. Or, you know, punish the platform that allows for these scams to happen. > Can we justify experimenting on a known serial killer if the experiment will save a million children's lives in the next 10 years? Not in a civilized society with a rule of law Only if the airway is blocked to a degree that ventilation through the anus would be more effective Even the history, eh? That would definitely slow me down next time I want to go back to that same page. I guess I rely on the browser suggesting the previously visited website to me. Sure, so we can't justify it based on our current laws. To change those laws is indirectly up to the people electing lawmakers. So it's up to people's opinion and how they view people who are convicted of serious serious crimes such as murder. Luckily, at least in the countries that I'm familiar with, people still mostly believe in rehabilitation and do not believe in any kind of eye for an eye punishment so I think we're good there. At least for a while. > How about experimenting on cell cultures harvested from an adult who was executed by the state? Like many, I'm against capital punishment and wouldn't live in a jurisdiction that applies it so this is hard for me to even imagine. I hope though that the philosophical aspect of the question doesn't distract us from the clear practical differences between killing a human being and using cells harvested in a questionable way. > García Martínez describes women in the Bay Area as "soft and weak, cosseted and naive despite their claims of worldliness, and generally full of shit.” Why on earth would anyone put something like that in a book?! To be honest, that doesn't sound like a problem FB can't figure out. Realistically though, this is hardly evidence, is it? I'm not saying it's not originating from that area obviously. > But then again, I had some employees I had to micromanage. I really, really abhorred it. But there was just no other way to achieve results. > My life is too short to put up with being treated like a slave. > logicslave 2 minutes ago That made me chuckle. On a serious note though, why not start by talking about it first? Why not say what you're experiencing, how it makes you feel, and see how your manager responds? Unless you work in total isolation, which few of us do, we have to get along with other people. And talking about things usually is the way to go. Power consumption is a good point. I wonder what the M1's power consumption is during those 19.7 seconds of compiling ripgrep compared to other platforms. I've been in the industry longer than that and I never had an issue that couldn't be at least mitigated, if not resolved through communication. Obviously it's easier to just walk out the door and that's a totally valid option. I just think it wouldn't allow me to grow in any way. This is all assuming all kinds of things that may or may not be true. Until you can read people's minds, validate your assumptions by communicating with people. The same argument you made can be made the other way. Maybe it's just a matter of reporting what you did, updating tickets. Maybe your manager thinks you like the attention. Maybe maybe maybe. Just talk to each other! Is there a range of trust? AFAIK you either trust a cert (directly or transitively) or not. > to convince them that birds are real Wait, what's that referring to, is this a conspiracy theory that I haven't encountered yet?!? That made my day. Thank you! Love it. I wish I could change the units to metric. And have they announced yet how they're planning to invade my privacy with this? I think you're correct in that this doesn't seem to serve advertisers and given that this looks like a server side (Google) feature, I won't assume this is going to be around for long. From the feature it does look like it's a server side feature but it might not me. > Also allows them to sidestep all sorts of cookie limitations on personal data Can you explain what you mean by that? > https://github.com/Azure/SimuLand Same here. First of all that reliance on people giving you access to their accounts is super sketchy in my opinion. I used Mint for a long time until I realized how insane it is for them to be able to access my bank and investment accounts. Good for them if they find people paying for their service but same as you, I don't see how this can't be solved with a spreadsheet. I find services like these bothersome for a different reason. A major selling point is catering to people that have difficulty getting the cash together to front a utility bill or rent. For every app that exploits people's inability to manage their finances I wish we'd see an app that teaches financial literacy and responsibility. Nature is amazing. That's an adorably bad animation but it explains it perfectly > You will receive installer URLs that will stay constant for the duration of your project. You can distribute these URLs to your clients for installation. It would be a bit more enterprise friendly if you let customers self host? Then again, I'm not sure if enterprises are even the target audience. I wonder how much infosec would like the idea of building the artifacts externally. Many descriptions on amazon.ca would cause the best spell check software to blow up. It's like they're not even trying. At least that way no one is hiding that it's all junk at this point anyway. It's a zero sum game though. Every dollar spent on some far away possibility somewhere in space is a dollar less spent on issues that exist here and now and need crazy amounts of money to solve. Absolutely. You can listen in via pages like https://www.liveatc.net/ . There are even recordings but the list isn't complete obviously: https://www.liveatc.net/recordings.php The pilot is not powerless at all in "usual" emergencies. Declaring an emergency allows them to do pretty much anything. Once you get hijacked by a fighter plane though, that's a different story. I'd support that. Regarding country of origin, doesn't every product have a "Made in ..." on it and it's packaging? I'm only familiar with Europe and Canada though. That's what I said in the only part of my response you didn't quote, yes. This might depend on the device, I'm using the Fire stick and I think it bundles the seasons under one show. I'm not praising that app at all btw, that's just why I think the award for worst app goes to CBC gem on the Fire stick. It shows you which episodes you watched. Past tense. To watch the next one you have to search for the show again and navigate to the episode. Why on earth would anyone want that?! Do you have an example? I have never heard about that before. How do they keep people out? The HOA wouldn't prevent someone from "buying in" would they? It's not that there is an interview process, is there? I've found that too, I'm more efficient working in an office, but you know what, I don't care as much anymore. Being at home, in my community, with my family more often and for longer time throughout the day, taking breaks to do whatever around the house of go for a walk. That's what matters now. If I'm less productive, I think that's fine because my overall happiness increases. Companies should just factor that in from now on and many do. > You can do the same way with commuting, enter the bus/subway/train and then do other thing while there, you don't have to wait until you arrive to start doing other things. This works but only in very specific types of commutes. I used to take the train which took 30 minutes each way and I always got a seat, perfect for reading, maybe even light work. Now after almost 2 decades I know that that's the exception and almost always my commute was pretty much wasted (I don't consider listening to music or podcasts productive, it's nice but not productive). How though? Many people seem to claim that that's what's being done, I'm wondering how. Obviously not not just the US. Drinking "culture" is too ingrained in our everyday lives. Alcohol addiction is totally normal, socially accepted and legally encouraged. I was appalled when our city allowed drinking alcohol in some of our parks as a Covid-19 measure to give people an alternative to drinking in restaurants or pubs. It makes me so sad that we realize we have a drinking problem and our solution is to give people spaces outside to indulge. In parks, right next to playgrounds. People here in Canada often point to Germany or Europe in general and say, well they're doing it and it works. No it doesn't work. Germany has a massive alcohol addiction problem, you can see it in families, at festivities but also in public. Sure it's nice as a young adult to be able to get alcohol 24/7 from a Kiosk or gas station but it's really is a symptom of a gigantic problem. I'm not suggesting outlawing. I'm suggesting no longer supporting. Looking back at the smoking problem, to me it seems that we managed to "fix" by doing exactly that, no advertising in public spaces, no smoking in public spaces. Make it less "normal", less convenient to do something that's objectively harmful to you and a burden on society. My example was of a municipality (Canada) that designated a place where it previously wasn't allowed to drink alcohol to be allowed. That's what I meant by "supporting". At least don't expand the options. > web: > default-app > ... > worker: > default-app This is always somewhat of a code smell to me. This makes me want to dig deeper and see if the two use cases shouldn't have been separated into separate Docker files or even separate apps. No amount of alcohol consumption is "healthy". There might be an amount up to which it's not considered harmful. I agree. And what, you're gonna rely on some neighbor's AMZN device proxying the internet for you? I hope the availability of that "smart" sensor or whatever isn't too important. Am I misunderstanding? Some device belonging to property X uses the internet connection of property Y to connect to the internet to talk to AWS. Isn't that what's happening? Or is there some kind of VPN being used here? I did a quick search for a doorbell solution for the home automation system of my choice and it seems like people came up with solutions [1]. It doesn't look trivial to set up but definitely possible. [1] https://kleypot.com/fully-offline-video-doorbell-for-home-as... > Then ring will know when someone steals the package. Except that no one other than the recipient and maybe Amazon care about that. Certainly not law enforcement. Everyone is different. Some people think that device and what it offers to them is useful. If you have a large house and get the occasional visitor that doesn't just come in anyway, I can see how this might be a convenient setup. And it's all about convenience. And non-tech people don't care about the "Amazon server" part at all. > What amount is fair for Apple to charge for payment processing and the infrastructure to actually make the purchases? They can charge whatever they want as long as they give developers the alternative to use a different payment provider. See Discussions around exemptions for Netflix for instance. > Because real life MMR in $ net worth can be fun to grind too. Not sure if happiness is what they're striving for I can imagine it being downplayed out of fear that it could slow down the vaccination program by pushing people over the edge that were hesitant to get vaccinated and possibly questioning covid-19 in the first place. I can only imagine it's because it might convince people that don't take Covid-19 seriously to not get the vaccine because even if they didn't get it, they'd be immune once infected going forward, missing the point about hospitalization, protecting the vulnerable, etc. How practical is a language that uses all these non-ascii symbols? Do developers remember the alt-codes or do they use visual IDEs like the one OP linked or maybe even special keyboards? >> prevents serious illness and death > Only in 60+ patients with co-morbidity. That's false. See [1] for data on deaths by age in the US. There's about 115,000 deaths in the age groups [1] https://www.statista.com/statistics/1191568/reported-deaths-... Is that the same as what Fastmail is already doing by not loading images at all and showing this warning message instead, with a link to "Load images"? > Remote images blocked to protect your privacy. Wouldn't that only "add" taxes if the tax rate was below the minimum tax rate of 15%? Certainly wouldn't apply to the UK, would it? Exactly, doesn't sound like this has anything to do with Slack in particular. Wikipedia: > Wernher Magnus Maximilian Freiherr von Braun was a German-born American aerospace engineer and space architect. He was the leading figure in the development of rocket technology in Nazi Germany and a pioneer of rocket and space technology in the United States. Would it be possible to tell the CPU not to apply branch prediction in this one case? It's not just how biased they are, I'm having issues with how little they're about news and how much about pure clickbait. I used to think up until recently, that CNN was a legitimate (left leaning) news source but it's all "watch this person react to that person saying something" and amazon product recommendations for stuff no one needs. I didn't know about https://www.theflipside.io/latest-issue which compares news coverage of left and right leaning sources. Anyone know more sites like that they can recommend? > Not linking to jwz's blog from HN because... he doesn't want it to be I don't think ... that's how the internet works? (edit: I mean the "because... he doesn't want it to be" part) oh for sure, I'm just saying anyone can link to anything on the internet afaik, you can't just say, don't link to me. I recommend Huckleberry [1] for all your baby poop tracking needs. I wouldn't want to do that shit in a spreadsheet. [1] https://huckleberrycare.com/ > Coca Cola responded to the initial comments by saying "everyone is entitled to their drink preferences" and that everyone has different "tastes and needs". There's nothing in coca cola anyone "needs" unless you're Edgar from MiB. I use it for simple off-site redundancy. It address pyfilesystem in the introduction https://filesystem-spec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/intro.html#... As horrible as this sounds, I like the "real world consequence" part of it. Maybe this would lead to people reconsidering their participation in those war games. Does anyone know what "Indigenous National Embedded Hardware and Software" means? Domestically developed maybe? They'd have to get their hands on "hundreds of autonomous drones" and deploy them on site. Seems unlikely for any of the current terrorist organisations. sure, looking at how they usually conduct business though, it seems unlikely that would happen. but whatever, it could theoretically happen, what do I know. I'm sure you didn't do it on purpose but the "because I was feeling depressed" part to me makes it sounds a little condescending. Depression for many isn't just something you "feel", it's what defines everything you can and can't do. You gotta find a balance but talking about it regularly, whenever you realize it affects your behavior is a good way to deal with depression. It also helps others to deal with it better. And that's totally ok. Many of us feel that way. I hope you're finding the help you need, whatever it is. What does "Man forces widespread epidemic of cutting on society at large" even mean? Any chance this will be successful with all the lobbying going on? I see no benefit other than for the consumer and the environment. > collective burnout > fortnightly manicures, hair trims and "blowouts" which the founder said showed "appreciation for our busy bees" > Working hours? Not nine to five apparently. Employees can choose the hours they want, just as long as the work gets done It's all just a bunch of BS. Give your employees reasonable time off policies and encourage them to actually take time off instead of letting them get burned out and then closing the office for a week. I can roughly imagine how this works but is there a technical explanation anywhere how this is done? Joplin is a great note taking app with complete authority over your data and has a good subset of the features that Notion provides. How would a free 30 minute class considered "rent-seeking"? Both: Dance around for 10 minutes trying to out-physics each other Guy 1: Why don't I just poke him with the pointy bit Great scene though, makes me want to watch the whole movie. I'm sure we can have both. A call for collective action and change through regulation or legislation. For many it would be very easy to just cut down on social media or stop altogether and find alternatives for the few things that are good about fb. I did it and I surely don't have any more willpower than the average person. For the rest, let's help them make the right choice to break the circle of addiction, talk to your friends, talk to your family, maybe reconsider what's important for you and whether you need that job at a company that makes many people's lives miserable even if it pays well. On top of that, let's try to convince lawmakers to introduce legislation and regulation. You need to do all the things, and everybody needs to, otherwise nothing will change. TIL that many people seem to follow Ben Shapiro. That makes me sad, most he does is talk fast and put people down. But they weren't on the lists that I saw. I'm obviously not an expert but what I can imagine is - requirement of social media companies to correct the record and show people where they were the target of misinformation - childhood development informed minimum age requirement for social media use - banning of ultra-specific targeting the way it is done right now - banning of political advertising The list goes on and, again, obviously I'm not an expert in all the externalities, I just see a problem and would like to see it addressed. I have suggestions but am open to other suggestions. Anything that's not "the market will fix it". > that community on Facebook That twitter account captures "the sources of the 10 top-performing link posts by U.S. Facebook pages every day, ranked by total interactions.", it's not just some part of Facebook. This is Facebook. > Ah perfect, let Dorsey and Zuck be the arbiters of truth. That's not what I said. It could very well come from an independent organization. Fb and others would just be responsible for putting it in front of the people's eyes that they have shown disinformation to. Is that a perfect solution? Probably not but what the hell else are we gonna do? What do you suggest we do instead? JWT, while having shortcomings have the advantage of decoupling systems by enabling token validation and user data retrieval without having to communicate with the auth service or the database directly. Worst case, with the approach from the article, every component has to make a call to the database, becoming dependent on the data schema, etc. > You can just imagine how bad it gets for any other random company out there. Or how surprisingly solid developers can be at non FAANG places. Not everyone aspires to work at Amazon. Awesome tool! A few things I found so far: - When running "fit", I get an error when I use the "--yaml_file" parameter mentioned in the readme: "Unrecognized argument -> yaml_file". Using "-yml" works - When using the model for prediction, what format should "path_to_your_test_dataset.csv" be in? Is that a csv in the same format as the training set except for the column we want to predict? Edit: I just found https://github.com/nidhaloff/igel/blob/v0.4.0/examples/data/... Same here. I'd be more interested in the reminder aspect of it without integration with any specific chat app. Good for you. I try to as often as I can, not that it makes a difference though. I also definitely try to buy more things locally but sometimes Amazon is just by far the cheapest plus fastest option. Of course you can quit. The power imbalance is mitigated in other countries by making it hard to terminate without cause and on the other side you will have to give more notice when you quit. In Germany when I lived there it wasn't uncommon to have a contract that let you quit your job with 3 months notice or even 3 months from the beginning of the next quarter, things like that. Sure that's inconvenient for some but it's a good trade-off for others. I wish sites would just disable commenting altogether, at least on certain topics. That's what CBC up here does on anything that's in any way related to race, gender, climate, first nations, etc. From the government though? According to the CDC[0] the number is a bit lower but in the same ballpark. Do you think the CDC cannot be trusted or the medical professionals that determine cause of death? [0] https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/covid19/mortality-overview.htm > I'd be interested in seeing it in more detail as whilst the design does seem to possibly be wheelchair accessible, it does seem to have some stepping upon the up and down slops. It looks like it's steps on either side, not sure how they're gonna make that wheelchair accessible without dramatically reducing the angle of the slope. If only we could upload the food more efficiently. Then we wouldn't need restaurants at all. But then who would profit from it‽ Or NFC in your phone. I can't imagine it being more convenient than that. TIL about tree shaking and that that's a thing in JS. Is that applicable to other languages? Why not Python? Is there a good smart watch that's not an iWatch? I live in the Fraser Valley near Vancouver and it got up to 45C yesterday. It was an extreme heat, nothing like I've ever experienced. > jeff@amazon is gonna tear this AMVOOM / TaroRee hijacker a new one Sigh. The usual FAANG bs. Do nothing as long as it makes you money and do the minimum only if it caused enough outrage. No values, no ethics, 100% shallow. > Work is where you spend one third (or more) of your time during your adult life. I surely hope this is rare. Even a 40h work week is less than a quarter of work per week and that doesn't account for holidays, vacation etc. Acquaintance over at Google in the Pacific Northwest works on invoicing so I can believe that that's true without even leaving the country. While I agree that that would be nice, I'm not sure that this is really as common as you say it is. Do you have examples? How do you pay them? Do you go inside? Does the attendant have a card reader? There are other benefits to limiting the speed on highways. Safety for instance but also lower stress level not having to worry about somebody coming at you at 200km/h. I see, thanks. I guess cards with PIN aren't very common then. I'm happy to pay whatever I'm paying for what you're offering. I had create two support tickets so far and both were dealt with very quickly and by an actual human which makes me trust you guys with my data even more. Good point and I think it depends on your own values where you draw the line. If you despise Amazon's practices in one "business unit" enough it might warrant moving off AWS. But then, where do you go? I wouldn't be surprised that you could find unethical behavior at the other conglomerates as well. > "I literally cannot afford the cheapest electric car and will be homeless and starving without a vehicle", "I need to heat my home to keep it habitable in sub zero temperatures in the winter", "I want to eat and not starve to death", "I want to cook food", etc. Obviously we talk to different people but I've actually never heard anyone use this as a justification for our behavior. It's either non-acceptance of environment-scientific facts or acceptance. > The objection to global warming isn't that it isn't real, it's that without fossil fuels most of us will die sooner than the worst case climate change effects ever will and so we have no choice. The political debates I'm following, North America and Europe make me believe that actual climate change denial is very much a real thing. More so the more rural and/or the more dependent on the oil and gas industry you get. It would be cool if we could pipe any 2 dimensional data to this in the shell and it would render it. Also how does one read 2 dimensional data from CSV for instance? I wanna say sed but I don't know. It would be handy for quick ad-hoc days analysis of log files or access logs. > our traditional pattern of development, one based on creating neighborhoods of value, scaled to actual people. Aren't they just talking about density here? Denser neighborhoods pay more to the city in taxes and charges than big-lot single family suburbia I would imagine. I agree. I have more autonomy and even though OP suggested all the wonderful things an employer provides, that's not always the case and people shouldn't take it for granted. I think we've established now that WFH is either the best thing that ever happened to you or complete misery. It 100% depends on your home, your mental health, your social life, your own needs, etc. Whatever your preference, it's ok and you don't have to justify that preference. I haven't heard of any programs anywhere where people who suffer from addiction or mental health issues and subsequently lose their job are somehow taken care of. People fall through the cracks all the time, every day. Here in BC, 851 people died of toxic drugs so far in 2021[1]. This is a huge issue and one that UBI might make easier to address. The person suffering from addiction or mental health issues would not be dependent on the job which could help prevent homelessness and further degradation of their state. Friends and family being able to temporarily leave the workforce to care for each other could help get that person the help they need. [1] https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/bc-toxic-dru... > This is just FIRE without the money. I love how you framed this as a bad thing. As if FIRE was something one has to earn after years and years of wage slavery. > Kids will make zero plans to use school to make themselves useful. > So you'll have a population that is incapable of doing anything useful, demanding a middle class lifestyle, for free. That assumption has been disproved time and again. I'm not sure "do not track" would even be the right terminology here. We want to prevent apps from calling home or calling some telemetry or error reporting endpoint, sure. But is that "tracking" in the same sense as we're being tracked from website to website? I'm not aware of any malicious use of that data yet so we might not want to throw them in the same group as google and other advertisers and user data aggregators. How about "enable telemetry" to also make it opt in rather than opt out? I'm unable to figure out how this has anything to do with "being a democracy". Can someone explain that please? > email id: eWMuY29mb3VuZGVyLm1hdGNoQGdtYWlsLmNvbQo= base64, I like it > but now that covid is over I have the bandwidth and drive to take this product full-time! Saying that Covid is over is such a slap in the face to all those people still dying from it in countries that don't have the resources or access to vaccines like some countries do. So are parents implying that this could not have happened in a democracy? If so, that's most likely wrong. > No, that's not a lot. It's only 1%. Much less than the cost of lockdowns. Apart from the fact that I can't fathom how you could say that 1% of an entire country's population is "not a lot", do you have a source for how many people died as "cost of lockdowns"? I see this being regurgitated a lot but I doubt that more people died due to lockdowns/restrictions than from Covid19 itself. What do you mean by "lost"? As far as I know we still lived, albeit in more or less restricted circumstances. I would suggest taking a step back and reevaluating if the past year really has been worse than dying. I don't understand the business aviation exemption at all. Why does it matter that the flight is being conducted to "aid to the conduct of their business"? And how is that different from other passenger flights? What about ICE, do companies also not have to pay the Ökosteuer (green tax) on gas in Germany? Dying is objectively worse. Don't get me wrong but just in case you're not in a good place, please find somebody to talk to about this. Friends, family, your family doctor, a mental health hotline, anyone. Heck, contact me if you feel like you're out of options, base64 encoded email aGFja2VybmV3c2NvbnRhY3RAZmFzdG1haWwuY29tCg== It seems that you are not quite clear about the meaning of those terms. > Socialism and democracy cannot be compared because it would just be like comparing apples to oranges since socialism is an economic system while democracy is a political ideology. An economic system defines the manner of producing and distributing the goods and services of society while a political system refers to the institutions that will comprise a government and how the system will work. http://www.differencebetween.net/miscellaneous/politics/diff... > bit [sic] part of them were minimum wage workers I'm not sure that's correct. According to the CDC the vast majority of deaths were among people 65+ [1]. The curve for minimum wage workers is pretty much the opposite, the vast majority of minimum wage workers are between 16 and 24 yo [2]. [1] https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/index.htm#Ag... [2] https://www.statista.com/statistics/298852/minimum-wage-work... Local only as in you can only use it and get notified when connected to your LAN? I love inside jokes. I hope to be a part of one someday. thanks for sharing, looks great, I ordered them right away. I like most non-alcoholic beers, what bothers me most is the lack of variety so I'm always happy to try new ones Regardless of prevalence I don't understand how people put so much value in diamonds. As far as I know they're not heavily used for anything productive. I'm for sure going to copy your first one, thanks for sharing. In the example, couldn't the call from attacker.com to banking.com be thwarted by CORS headers defined by the server? Exactly, I doubt they'd be worth much in that context. I agree. Not sure if I'd be able to trust it again after an incident like this at least in similar situations where there are obstacles so close to the road. I thought you were making a joke but it really seems to be called "Full Self Driving Beta 9.0". It's hillarious, do they think by adding the "Beta" it makes it ok to hit stuff unless the driver intervenes instantaneously?. How are they even allowed to call it "FSD" ( Full self driving) if in fact it doesn't do that at all? In this case I'd prefer if "discovering error cases" was done without risking actual lives. Injuring someone would not be a valid way discover an error case. I couldn't care less what version the software is as soon as the vehicle drives around in the real world. Imagine driving with "FSD" on and hitting someone because of an issue in your "Beta" software. > I think it depends what they actually are trying to accomplish Good point. "Full Self Driving" in my mind paints a picture beyond "a better cruise control". But maybe they meant that and just named it wrong. I was graciously allowed to take 4 weeks paid right at birth and I'll take another 4 weeks paid when he's 1 year old. I'm already so looking forward to it. In the beginning it was all about figuring everything out and surviving together. The next one is hopefully going to be more of a bonding and getting to know each other opportunity. Again, super happy about that. And I feel grateful that that's what working in tech allows me. I'm on a CAD65 plan with Fido that includes 10GB so that's CAD6.5/GB if you ignore everything else that comes with the plan. That would be closer to what other countries are paying. Where does the discrepancy come from though? Edit: I just checked and it's actually 15GB but that's a "temporary" add-on apparently. I see. In your case it would still not be the almost EUR14/GB from the tweet but closer to it, for sure, about EUR9.14/GB. Anyway, I know it's bad here in Canada but I can't help but feel this report cherry picked their numbers. Somehow it feels odd that an implementation detail like the programming language it's implemented in is so prominent in the project's description. I have no idea what bash is written in and frankly I don't care much about it. It's a tool that enables me do be more productive. Could it be faster? Probably, but does anyone even notice that in the context of all the other things that we do _with_ it? Are there any benefits I'm missing that come from it being implemented in Rust? I was just looking at that! It seems that I'm also conflating "terminal" and "shell" here possibly. Is Warp both in this case? Yeah I realize I conflated "terminal" and "shell". It's not "unlimited" in a practical sense because as the post said, they're just mirroring the data so you yourself have to have the storage capacity you're asking them for. > I'm sure there's no real problem, it's just the government getting some PR and potentially some money via some kind of license/permit fee. What makes you so sure? There's airports and heli pads nearby. It's the FAAs job to keep aviation safe. That sorry of education is a scan in a system where you take on huge amounts of debt. The financial aspect definitely makes it a scam. Radar and Lidar perhaps, being based on reflection of radio waves/laser off surfaces. You're probably right. And as they say in the video, it's only one component of many in the "mosaic" of electricity generation. Its advantage is that tides are predictable, wind and sun are somewhat more difficult to accurately forecast. You're comparing apples to oranges. Would you be able to buy a couch on Amazon? The #1 bestseller on Amazon currently says "Currently unavailable. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock." so it doesn't work here the same way other retailers don't work. So you're saying you can't get a passport from the government but you're able to buy certain things on Amazon therefore Amazon is better? I'm not sure what you are arguing here. You can buy things on Amazon but it's difficult to get a Passport right now. How is one thing related to the other? I suspect both would have been able to tell that the moon isn't a traffic light. It's like being in a relationship and breaking up because one is unhappy but refusing to talk to the other person about it. If you're unhappy with your pay and that's the only reason you're thinking about quitting, bring it up, what's the worst that could happen? To the people that say "retaliation", I find that highly unlikely. Every single place I've worked at, at least tried to accommodate me. Missed opportunity really. That's a year of not having a conversation about something that's bothering you. Sure people can live their lives however they want, but talking about issues, for me, on average resulted in better outcomes than not talking. That applies to romantic relationships as well as professional ones. Somehow people seem to think it has to be one sided when it comes to professional relationships with your employer. Maybe it's a lack of structured, routine, two sided feedback that makes people not bring up issues around compensation. Maybe employers should ask proactively if the employee is happy with their compensation. > We've now administered billions of doses of Covid-19 vaccines. The idea that we're somehow missing side effects is quite frankly ridiculous at this point. I truly hope that we're right on this one. > If you've had COVID you are more likely to have an adverse reaction to the vaccine, it's just how the immune system reactions Can you point to anything that backs up that claim? > They are using a library of human verified images to compare the hashes I didn't get that from the article, could you point to a source on this? > Why not use open protocols like DeltaChat, Matrix or XMPP instead? I can give you an answer for Matrix and it's usability. It's difficult to onboard users, at least it was ~a year ago. I wouldn't want to expose my non-tech friends to that. Not during construction but people sure do put devices in their homes that tick all those boxes and you know what, they mostly don't care. I never realized that that's whats being done but now it's so obvious since everything we upload to GDrive/iCloud/Dropbox isn't encrypted without additional effort and reduced convenience. I use Boxcryptor for Dropbox and it prevents them snooping on my files but if I started using that for pictures, I'd lose all convenience of being able to look at it in the Photos app, create shared albums, etc. It's a pity. I wish there was an encrypted photo service that let me share photos and create albums. It's not even that I have anything to hide but I'm scared that one day, police will knock at my door because of a hash collision or a borked logfile or whatever. What else can I do other than me and my family becoming digital hermits? We tried in BC multiple times and it's not what people want unfortunately. I misread and was getting unnecessarily excited about the prospect of a gamer couch. What's the point of linking every instance of his name as well as his pronouns to " https://www.washingtontimes.com/topics/mike-lindell/ ", is that some kind of SEO trick? I'm thinking about encrypting all data in the cloud and disabling the platform specific image upload/backup altogether. Not sure how I would a) automate the backup process from our phones to the cloud and b) how to make it somewhat convenient to look at and share pictures among the family Any form of automation and convenient goes against the main point that is privacy. What the hell does a site like Reddit do with almost half a billion dollars?! That's insane. I found that if you stick to very specific subreddits there is a way to use the site without getting angry. Potentialy to be able to introduce e2e encryption later on. You're probably right. There's also a push to make the vaccine mandatory for federal and healthcare workers. Somehow it rubs me the wrong way for a not fully approved vaccine to be made mandatory though. Don't get me wrong, I'm doubly vaccinated and I believe everyone should be. But should we force people? In a country where 82%/72% (1) of eligible people are already vaccinated once/twice? (1) https://covid19tracker.ca/vaccinationtracker.html I wouldn't agree it's as bad as you make it sound. However, I'm also not sure which other first world country has lower taxes, more "freedoms", higher salaries and cheap housing though. IP address and gif search term might be a valuable data point to add about a person. > Risk compensation is fascinating; driving with a bike helmet causes the biker and drivers around the biker to behave more dangerously. Source please As others have said, it doesn't have to be. Much of the world has long moved on from mag stripes and signatures. Home depot in Canada does. I cannot open the study in the first link but the second on seems to actually refute the claim instead of supporting it. > There is a body of research on how driver behaviour might change in response to bicyclists’ appearance. In 2007, Walker published a study suggesting motorists drove closer on average when passing a bicyclist if the rider wore a helmet, potentially increasing the risk of a collision. Olivier and Walter re-analysed the same data in 2013 and claimed helmet wearing was not associated with close vehicle passing. Elaborate please Yes, you're right. I should have read the whole thing. > As long as the bills are paid on time I'm assuming that's what they use your SSN for, to run a credit check. I'm not saying that's ok, just that that's how it's done. Wow, that's interesting. I didn't know that's how CCDs worked. If I understand correctly, 1/3 of the "pixels" captured the red, 1/3 green, 1/3 blue. Does that mean the sensor now has 3x the resolution it had before? Are you saying that one photosite might be included in more than one pixel and therefore the overall pixel count is roughly equal to the number of photosites? Firewatch was not a relaxing title for me. Anxiety at every step with its occasional scares and sinister atmosphere. This sounds so futuristic which is awesome but at the same time banks like Tangerine, which otherwise I have nothing but praise for, don't even allow be to use a password more secure than a 4-6 digit numeric passcode. Obviously no 2FA. Sorry, that has little to do with the submission, I just had to vent about banks. Overall it's a pretty good deal, no fee accounts, unlimited etransfers, decent credit card, good customer support, things like that. Back when I was shopping for no fee accounts this was the best deal there was. I don't see that anywhere in the security settings. Not that I want SMS 2FA. I bet there wasn't a refrigerator lobby back then manipulating public opinion and lining politician's pockets like it is with oil, gas, etc. I know it's cynical, but what will come out of this? Another $10m fine for a company that makes $3.5b a month (1)? (1) https://investor.fb.com/investor-news/press-release-details/... I think they're simply acknowledging the fact that there are many permutations of formats out there and what they propose is a way to communicate what your particular format is without abandoning CSV completely. I'm assuming it's in response to the post yesterday that outlined all the things that are wrong with CSV and how other formats like Parquet are better. Fourth paragraph > That popularity also brought with it additional scrutiny, and OnlyFans is positioning itself more as a forum for musicians, fitness instructors and chefs than sex workers. While many of its most-popular creators post videos of themselves engaging in sexual behavior, several mainstream celebrities like Bella Thorne, Cardi B and Tyga have also set up accounts. > The changes are needed because of mounting pressure from banking partners and payment providers, according to the company. What's their argument here, is there a law being broken or is the pressure motivated by ethics or something else? Yeah, at least on Android I know that it works that way. It's not convenient, you either gotta use earphones or put the other side on speaker but it works. In Germany the postal service does what GP described by validating someone's identity for various purposes > Deutsche Post offers a secure identity check service – to millions of users every year. > On behalf of your contracting party > To ensure that only identified persons have access to sensitive services > To sensitive services including those from the financial services sector (such as opening an online bank account), telecommunications (activating a prepaid SIM card), health care (access to health information) or the mobility industry (including car sharing). https://www.deutschepost.de/en/p/postident.html Not sure if it's a problem of perception or just the lack of legal responsibility. As long as the legal and financial risk isn't owned by the party using the SSN for a purpose they shouldn't (identification), nothing will change. It's not practical to use bitcoin for individual transactions due to the high cost. If there was an easy way for non-tech people to cash in and out of crypto currency easily I bet that would be a good alternative. I'm glad you figured it out out for them, then. Isn't that just capitalism? Replace "oil & gas" with any other for profit organizations and the same would be true, no?. E.g. if being privacy focused could make Facebook even more money than what they're doing now, they'd do it, etc. Well, some of us might drive electric cars, don't fly if they don't absolutely have to, avoid single use plastics, shop locally and in bulk, etc, etc Or at least some of us do some of those things. We don't all have to live perfectly carbon neutral lives before we can demand action on a political level or criticize organizations that are actively trying to keep the status quo for as long as possible to maximize their profits. Even though some facts might be wrong as others have pointed out, I just love reading about the history of the internet on a higher level and how it came about. I wish I could have been involved in that in its early stages. Truly transformative. Assuming it's some kind of active censorship and not a bug, how would this be possible with Signal for instance? I've been craving a service like this for a long time!!! I'll check it out asap. > If I wanted to just store my photos I'd throw them in a S3 bucket or Dropbox or something. Neither of those give you any privacy unless you do the encryption yourself in which case you have to build something to access them unencrypted. Have you checked out what the service actually does? +1 for custom storage target Please please support custom storage back ends, I'd love to use my Dropbox or S3 or whatever to still fully own my pictures. And I'd love to pay extra to opt out of and analysis, tagging, etc of my photos. Basically I'd like the interface to be similar to Google Photos but with a privacy focused storage engine and clients. This website and the one they're referencing shouldn't even exist. Barklays' website should just tell the customer to always call them back. Spoofing the phone number isn't just a possibility, it's normalcy. Let's say you store your photos in Dropbox but inside an encrypted folder. What would you have to do to view the photos? Unless there client you encrypt your files with has a photo viewer, you'd have to download the pictures and decrypt them to look at them. The whole thing becomes very inconvenient very quickly. I like how Joplin does it for notes. You authorize them as an application in Dropbox or give them credentials to a S3 bucket. Don't get me wrong. I want to pay for your service. I just have to be able to access and decrypt my files if you had to shut down your service all of a sudden. I see where you're coming from and I really appreciate that you're taking the time to respond. I know it's unlikely for a service like this to shut down from one day to the next but it's not impossible, plus the whole thing about a service having the ability to shut me out of my own data, that's just scary. And many of us are already paying for storage on Dropbox and have secondary backups set up for instance. I'm just saying that this would probably convince more people to switch, leveraging a service they're already paying for plus whatever you're charging to facilitate - less than the full service with storage would cost but enough to make you some money as well. Again, offering privacy in a field that was previously devoid of it is a great step in the right direction. Is there something to share and possibly collaborate with others? Just now on the drive home I contemplated doing a POC with S3 storage but I acknowledge hoe much work that probably would be. I'm having trouble figuring out what kind of filter I can use for my furnace. I've read a little bit about it and it seems that a residential furnace might not be able to handle the HEPA filter due to the higher airflow resistance. Even MERV 13 might already be too high. Thank you, I'll do that!!! I usually find the phone number to call either on the debit/credit card itself, the latest invoice, the contract/agreement I have with them, or their website. There is usually one customer support hotline that can forward you to where you need to go. Interesting project, good luck with it. I'm curious about you decision to include .edu addresses. Aren't those given out to students? Also how are you planning to prevent it from becoming a cesspool of hate and misinformation like Facebook, Twitter etc? > Only .EDU or .GOV emails may register Exactly my thoughts. You might notice that I asked > I'm curious about you decision to include .edu addresses. Aren't those given out to students? Here's the link to the data on Tableau: https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/aoc.web.management/vi... What's with this pattern of incidents around the end of the year? You mean devices could sign the images they create and then wherever someone publishes the picture you'd be able to validate the signature using that device's (published somewhere) public key? That would be cool indeed. Except it wouldn't change anything. Facebook doesn't care about fakes and people wouldn't care whether the picture someone shared hasn't been tampered. Also whoever manipulated the picture could just sign it again probably. which seems to have been deleted in the meantime I don't get this mindset at all. Temporarily masking up at pretty much zero impact to the user vs. upgrading all building's HVAC system. Sure but is it realistic, especially in the short term? I have a beard myself, how could I have forgotten about that. You're right, long term, improving ventilation is how to reduce exposure, in the meantime though, I don't think it's too much to ask to mask up. I too wonder if it is due to the way it was consumed primarily (smoking). There is a bit about the impact of cannabinoids on the cardiovascular system however. > The impact of exogenous cannabinoids on the cardiovascular system has been well described.7,33 After acute exposure, cannabis induces dose-dependent tachycardia and, in some cases, decreased ventricular contractility, palpitations, atrial fibrillation and arrhythmia. Table 2 differentiates the form of consumption but I couldn't find them controlling for it. Did I miss that somehow? > But WhatsApp moderators told ProPublica that the app’s artificial intelligence program sends moderators an inordinate number of harmless posts, like children in bathtubs. Once the flagged content reaches them, ProPublica reports that moderators can see the last five messages in a thread. It's not just when a recipient reports them it seems but also when they have been flagged by their algorithm. If that were true, the claim that the conversation is e2e encrypted simply cannot be true, unless the algorithm runs on the client. Correct me if I'm wrong but unless the "AI CSAM detector" is running on the client, it simply cannot be e2e encrypted. This doesn't at all imply that the same isn't happening upon automatic detection of "reportable" messages. People freaking out and being aggressive on planes about much less these days... Wow I had to disable ublock origin and pi-hole to make that page load, wth. How would commenting on a news article allow you to communicate your disagreement to the people in charge? Contact your local representative for instance. Do people really think anyone other than equally angry people read anything they wrote in those comments? > Amazon is now the largest job creator in the U.S., and we know that investing in free skills training for our teams can have a huge impact for hundreds of thousands of families across the country The impact being them being able to eventually escape the minimum wage slavery that is working for Amazon? > It's still a fact that in Germany you have to be careful how you express yourself. Is that a fact? That's news to me. You might not hear as much "unloading" in Germany simply because it's not yet as polarized as it is in the US but certainly there wouldn't be any repercussions as far as I'm aware. What exactly are you talking about? I've been tinkering with HomeAssistant and ESP8266s to - control our garage door via HA - integrate our offline stereo receiver with Spotify - automate our outdoor irrigation using a solenoid valve and HA automation It's immensely satisfying and really fun. Pretty revolutionary... > I still haven’t deleted my social media accounts. I still have Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. I don’t need to delete them. I don’t feel that I need to delete them. I simply don’t open them because I simply unfollowed everyone there. You're not really quitting if you still keep all your accounts. It's like stopping drinking but leaving a bottle of whiskey in the cupboard just in case. > Important things – news, events, etc. – that we think we’ll miss will come to you either way. Either a friend will tell you about an upcoming concert or you’ll read it somewhere else. This is what bugs me about out current state. Sure, I ended my addiction to social media but I often still rely on my friends telling me about events that THEY saw in their feed. I wish business and artists would stop using social media as their primary platform for engagement. Use a website instead, an RSS feed or email. > I did not learn anything in highschool (or college) Is this really the case or do you just not remember specific things you learned or even abstract concepts around learning itself that are hard to quantify? Pad Thai is delicious with shrimps and also with Tofu. In my experience it's not the meat that adds most of the flavor. Shrimp is considered seafood so in terms of diet would be considered pescatarian. I also said tofu which tastes great and is neither seafood or meat. How would this realistically be enforced though without there being a paper trail at all? Kudos to those honorable people that do declare tips on their tax return though. Tofu it is, then. > To hit 55% tax rate in California after this, you only need to make like $250k total. It's a good amount, sure, but if you compare cost of living... it's still hard to live on. Excuse my ignorance but would you be able to lay out basically how this amount of money is hard to live on? > kids are at no risk, the overwhelming majority of adults are at no risk What I've been looking for for a long time now is data on infection, hospitalization rates and mortality by vaccination status and age. They all get mixed and it's never really clear to me what the risk for, say, a vaccinated 40 year old or an unvaccinated 1 year old really is. I would consider $46,000/year in savings to be very, very far from poor. And that's with a budget many consider to be inflated. Thank you, that does have some of the data I'm looking for, appreciate it very much! > the technology is always 3--5 years away from release just in time for Tesla's FSD then /s It'll be interesting to hear those on a EV whose afaik main source of noise are the tires. AFAIK you have to maintain the phone number you sign up with to be able to keep your "account". In many places, it's not feasible to keep a second phone number just for signal simply because it's too expensive. Does Signal protect you from every possible thread model there is? No. Is it better than WhatsApp at avoiding being spied on and being monetized by the service operator? Definitely. After 30 years at a conservative 3% you'd end up with $2,188,278. Are you saying you wouldn't be able to find a home in that price range? > I really wish they hadn't dictated the end of YAML/declarative configurations. Can you elaborate a bit here? I might be on an older version but afaict it's still configured via yml configs. I'm not a big fan of that either. I like my workflow of using git to version control integrations, dashboards, scripts, etc. Not sure how I would do that with dynamic configs. Not safer, cleaner. > the .storage folder contains all Home Assistant managed configuration files in JSON format, which in those cases, can be stored and versioned in a git repository Sounds like I can still do what I need. The only difference being, those configuration files can also be changed via UI which is fine. Thanks for the link. And just like Scott Adams is so wrong about many things he says, Dilbert is wrong here or at least short sighted too. While you notice immediately that something is on time, you'll also notice really quickly that something is of bad quality, unreliable, inconsistent, low performant, etc which translates in whoever the customer is to be very unhappy very quickly. There needs to be a well-informed balance. I know you were just posting a funny Dilbert quote but I don't respect Scott Adams anymore so I was triggered, please accept my apologies. That's a great lesson your dad taught you there. I wish I had been taught that early on in my career because it applies just as well to an organization. I use Google location sharing with my partner so we know where the other person is. Is owntracks a replacement for that by any chance? How is it surveillance when two consenting adults share their location with each other using a self hosted service? You're right but somehow I would think that YT should know which videos I've already watched... It's a form of inclusion that might not be perfectly efficient as you point out but greatly improves lives of people with disabilities. That's some impressive debugging. I'd just have switched to Firefox long ago. Impressive setup. As someone who has lived in a van for a little bit, I'd be terrified of that van getting stolen or even just equipment getting stolen off the roof, especially in cities. I wouldn't want to leave the van much. > And with the new COVID stuff/vaccinations, it's being shared more often even if you don't travel. What does that have to do with anything? How is your passport information shared any more than before because of "COVID stuff/vaccinations"? One would argue that then you're way beyond "microseconds of lost productivity". Or maybe we just stop eating meat and eat plant based alternatives instead. Agree, and I don't understand any of this lab-grown meat hype when there are so many plant based alternatives. It doesn't seem that lab grown meat will be cheaper or have a better carbon footprint than plant based foods. Whenever I buy an ebook I go through the painful process of downloading it to my laptop either directly from the store (e.g. Kobo) or via Calibre [0] if I bought it from Amazon which I try to avoid, removing DRM via some tool I found somewhere and uploading it to the ebook again via Calibre. It's annoying an probably illegal but no one can take my ebooks away that way. [0] https://calibre-ebook.com/ What do you mean by "hollow path forward"? Sourcing it from environmentally responsible sources might work in your case but isn't feasible on a large scale required for mass consumption. And all that obviously doesn't take the animal cruelty aspect of it into account. You can remove the DRM, no need to do any OCR shenanigans. But yes, it's of course illegal but I've paid for the book so I don't really care. > the EU is in favor of having a single charger for all popular gadgets in order to cut down on the environmental impact as well as make it easy for consumers to carry just a single charger for all their gadgets instead of using different proprietary connectors > The higher the cost of fuel, the less people are killed by cars. Not if your goal is to move from ICE to EV. Just because it's an EV, doesn't mean fewer people are "killed by cars". There has been a follow up video by RichRebuilds where explains (and regrets) what he did. It doesn't change anything about Tesla's stance against 3rd party repairs and their reluctance to do anything other than a complete battery swap in that case. > Googler, opinions are my own. Honest question here, why do people put this in their response? I don't think there is any chance that one might thing "kyrra" is speaking on behalf of Google. I'm not sure their greed can ever be satisfied. How about electing people with a functioning moral compass instead of these muppets clearly only looking out for themselves. Oh wait, that's not possible, then you'd have to vote "for the other side" every now and then. Having had to experience the Canadian federal election this week and seeing a resulting parliament that has very little to do with what the people actually voted for, I yearn for Germany's system and it's kind of challenges. Monday's election resulted in 5.9% of people being completely unrepresented in parliament and the now (again) governing Liberals representing 32.6% of the populace, even less than it's Conservative competitor [0]. Sure they need the NDP for a majority vote but it's nothing like the coalitions in a Government like Germany where parties come up with a formal coalition agreement. Seeing how people's research leading up to the election consisted of figuring out how to vote strategically for the opposing party in their riding to be defeated, instead of comparing party platforms and deciding who they agree with instead, made me want to barf honestly. There is a significant chance that we'll just get called to another election a year or 18 months from now, for what, another $600m minor shuffle of seats [1]? [0] https://newsinteractives.cbc.ca/elections/federal/2021/resul... [1] https://elections.ca/content.aspx?section=res&dir=rep/off/co... That's true and probably exacerbated by the huge number of political parties. 5.9% in Canada is not that bad then maybe? I don't know. Same applies here, only citizens of age are allowed to vote. That claim is beyond ignorant. I'd suggest reading up on the topic beyond individual anecdotes. There are hundreds of organizations dealing with that topic so there is more than enough information out there you can learn from. I recommend searches like https://duckduckgo.com/?q=study+reasons+for+homelessness to get started. My wife would disagree but my formula is max_number_of_cats=max(number_of_adults*2, ceil(area/500ft²)) I don't see e2ee email happening anytime soon. The technology is just not very user friendly. And honestly, without e2ee, I don't put much trust into providers like Protonmail either because at some point the email is coming in as plain text and that's where one could always siphon it off. > Hussein said Tuesday morning that the breach only lasted for minutes, and repeated that claim when CBC pointed out it had reviewed the personal information for more than an hour — and it's unknown how long the information was exposed before that tip was received. That person doesn't make the impression that they're honest and humble enough to handle people's personal information. > Alberta currently does not have an official proof-of-vaccination app, and the province's PDF vaccine record has been criticized for being easy to edit. This confused me. Don't they have a QR code that gets read and verified and must match the person's name? I hope at least some of the tech is shared between provinces You should look up the definition of those words, they don't apply here. The messaging now at least here in BC is all about increasing vaccination coverage. To a degree that I'm reminded of Goodhart's law "When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure". Who cares how many people are vaccinated, what the goal should be is reducing hospitalizations, deaths and long-Covid for the good of people (don't die) and that of the health care system (ICUs not overrun). If there's a community who doesn't want to get vaccinated, who cares as long as the overall goal is still reached. We're focusing too much on cases and vaccinations to reduce cases at the moment in my view. We've lost touch with what's important, at least our messaging doesn't reflect that. What kind of vaccine mandate are you talking about? In my province, there are only a few non-essential activities that require vaccination. I wouldn't call this "banning from basic society", at least not in our case. But your experience might be different. Well, see, universal vaccination I would say is sufficient to achieve this goal but not required. I wonder if it would be better to focus on vaccination coverage in hotspots where we do have issues with hospitalizations. What triggered me to wrote this is articles like this one [0] that, in my opinion, don't do anything to convince anybody to get vaccinated. All they do is shame people or groups of people. And what's missing from this article? While it talks about case numbers > Manitoba's Southern Health region, which encompasses the RM of Stanley, made up roughly half of the province's new COVID-19 cases in recent weeks, but is only home to around 15 per cent of the population. it completely leaves out what's actually going on in the hospitals in that particular region. Case numbers aren't meaningful. Especially with vaccines that are great at preventing serious symptoms but only good at preventing spread. Don't get me wrong, I'm vaccinated and I believe everybody should be. But the vaccines aren't gonna protect us from ever getting the virus. We all will get it. What matters is to strategically focus on vulnerable groups and difficult geographical areas. But unfortunately we seem to be looking for a one size fits all approach. But maybe people in rural Manitoba need to be taken care of differently than people in urban Toronto. [0] https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/manitoba/manitoba-covid-19-st... I find the ":) Steve" just disgusting. Someone got terminated and everybody gets a pat on their back. Well done everybody. I am disgusted because someone made an inconsequential mistake, got fired for it and a CEO is happy about it. I know it's part of corporate lore but I'd like to see some evidence that you have to be "brutal" for your company or products not to be mediocre. I wasn't arguing whether or not name-and-shame works, I was arguing that it's wrong to do to begin with because it doesn't bring us closer to our goal. > For some reason, public transport is always priced in a way that makes it really expensive for occassional usage. If you go everday, then an annual pass is a good value. At €1.32/l for gas in Vienna and 10l/100km this trip would cost you €63 in gas alone with an ICE car. This doesn't account for wear and wasted time so it's actually not that unreasonable at all and actually pretty cheap if you're going by yourself. With a family, I agree, it's more expensive. Although I'm starting to see the appeal that traveling by train has with a family, being able to walk around, entertain the kids more easily, etc.