Just because someone knows who I am does not mean that'll matter when it comes to proving things in court, which in real life isn't as easy as one might imagine. >he probably won't get out for a while If only I'd get sentenced in the first place. Unless there's ever any public court records, I doubt you'll find much (if any) good information. If that was a case, people running SSDP (and other UDP service) honeypots would no doubt have noticed the massive increase in traffic. Majority of our bandwidth does not come from these so called "reflection attacks". But is in fact "real" bandwidth. We are using actual 0days to compromise the (about 100k-150k) servers we have. I'm actually rather excited for the eventual technical analysis of our net by someone with actual technical competence. It might end up causing quite a bit of noise. Well, I live in a country that will not extradite it's own citizens. And even if I somehow did manage to get extradited the US has a legal system where you'd actually have to prove a persons guilt, not just speculate it based on some IRC log of dubious origin. That's a popular view, but I don't think that in real life it's an entirely correct one. At the very least those with money tend to be able to have a fair trial in the US. Lots of it is the sort of equipment you wouldn't notice. Not exactly embedded stuff though. There was a few rails YAML bots on an IRC for maybe an hour before another bot was loaded on them. (But that was like over an year ago) A large chunk of the boxes we control do not have any sort of web apps running on them. Ones public actions do not necessarily equal ones skills. The motives behind LS are more complex than some journos believe, something that should be obvious by the darkode connection alone. Krebs seems to be pretty lost, especially considering that he thinks we've been attacking his site for past 40 days or so. That's just not true (and anyway, if Prolexic couldn't keep PSN up why would they be able to keep his site up?), only thing linking us to attacks against him was a joke in the topic of our fake recruitment channel telling people to take his site down for an hour or so. Anyway, as for my motives (besides money, of course)? You don't get access to this many boxes without stumbling on at least something interesting. One thing you should understand, we currently have basically two types of clients. First is of course the kids who go to lizardstresser.su and buy the $20 plan so they can attack people they play video games with. Now, on the other hand we have our corporate clients. These corporate clients usually contact us via email or over forums and either make us a fixed offer or request a quote for a given target and time-frame. Now, these types of clients are usually willing to pay tens, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars to disrupt their competition for a couple of days. The second type of customer is obviously our main source of income, and what better way to find those clients than worldwide media publicity? It'd be funny if this ended up being a sting op, wouldn't it? You're pretty quick to call people morons for someone who doesn't have a clue about what he is talking about. These routers Krebs is talking about (Which have largely been infected since August) were never connected to an IRC network. And as for the gcloud servers, yeah we connected a few of them to the public IRC... So what? It's not like as if they we're ever going to survive beyond few hours. Also, Krebs seemed to imply that we used the Google bots for DDoS attacks... That's pretty ridiculous considering Google will automatically suspend you if they detect traffic anomalies. If we were awful at opsec we probably would have already been identified by someone. We've been going at this since August. Why bother? DNSSEC is hardly useful in real life anyway. Asking the compromised DNS server if it's been compromised is a really good way to find out if it's been compromised. 1) Is not a valid argument, or at least shouldn't be. By that logic we should completely drop UDP. Unrelated to the topic, but has Gandi decided to stop hijacking users domains and holding them hostage? I had Gandi seize a fairly decent domain of mine for "abuse" (Which is funny because the domain wasn't even in use) and communicating with the support was just a truly horrible experience, they wouldn't even tell me what the domain was actually suspended for. If you're worried about opening ports, you're doing security wrong. A simple curl reveals that it isn't... And how often are deface pages serving malware anyways? IMO it would be much more sensible to serve malware off of a page that _doesn't_ announce it has been hacked. Interestingly enough, despite malaysia airlines claiming that this is just a DNS hijack. It appears that their own CDN (Akamai) is now serving the deface page. (The page was being served by cloudflare before) Not really, the page is being served from MAS's own servers now. How can the journalist reliably evaluate who "Lizard Squad" is aligned with, especially with them repeatedly claiming to support ISIS? Which would imply that their backend was compromised, not just DNS. Unless there was something horribly wrong with their setup, akamai would have prevented that from happening. Akamai makes you to set your own DNS server for it to pull records from, the domain getting hijacked should not have any effect on what that DNS server is returning. MAS's CDN that is. The same CDN they were using before the hack even happened. Their domains DNS servers were switched to cloudflare, I'd imagine that's the DNS compromise they're referring to. Not _their_ DNS servers getting compromised. So CDN just works without having the SSL certs? You specify the nameserver for akamai to pull the zone from on the config site. Their "CDN" is quite a bit smarter than what L3 & co. run. At their scale, yeah they are. (Especially considering you wouldn't need new sats) Considering all serious attackers already bypass the CF browser check, what's the point? Mentioning in minorities in contexts that aren't explicitly positive is pretty much a holocaust-tier offense. That's nonsense, English isn't sexist by default. It's only sexist if you decide to make it so, e.g. by intentionally misinterpreting it. Are those the same women that refuse to identify as "women" and use terms such as "womyn" instead? Why bother with DNSSEC when you could be working on actually useful technologies? Malaysiaairlines.com is proxied by Akamai CDN, surely Akamai has access to the certificate used for malaysiaairlines.com then. There isn't really any valuable information FBI could get from the site, especially since TPB doesn't operate their own tracker anymore. Only possibility would be getting IPs the uploaders use to log into the site, but that's pretty far fetched. I rather doubt their plan was ever to "win" the trial by jury. The repo only got pulled because popcorntime never filed a counter notice, this is standard practice and practically required if you want to maintain your safe haven status. Taken a plea? What plea? AFAIK Ubuntu is profitable for Canonical, so I wouldn't call that a donation. Why does this matter? Reddit isn't exactly the kind of company that holds any important data worth a transparency report. Services like SSNDOB have been around for years now. We're talking 10 years old breaches here. Not sure if you're being sarcastic, but there have been bots doing this for well over 10 years now. Not sure if you're being sarcastic, but there have been bots doing this for well over 10 years now. These cables are truly wonderful for deconstructing the Mozartian spacial qualities of the sound and to perpetuate the plateau-spreading fluidity of the music. You don't need miners to process transactions. What a terribly worded and inaccurate title. The size was not seized, only the domain "kickass.so". The site has multiple (tens) of domains (that are still accessible) such as kat.ph. Just trends in the cybercrime world, and the increased publicity. To be honest, EFF isn't exactly the most reliable source on these things. They too are very very biased. Barrett Brown intentionally did everything in his power (including, but not limited to publicly threatening named FBI agents and their families) to get targeted by LE, and succeeded. Swartz? Swartz knowingly did several obviously illegal things (breaking-and-entering?) and then acted shocked when he got charged. His actions may have been morally defensible, but not legally. Law enforcement did their job there. Almost everything depends on perl. Unless you're running a very small embedded setup, you'll have extremely hard time living without perl. Circular dependencies are perfectly normal. Two? You're completely ignoring the bitcoin hacks. Not every provider lies to their customers about the hacks though. Linode only came forward about the hacks after I announced them on their IRC. Are you on a Debian based OS? Try aptitude search '~i~Dperl' Someone posted a list to a .onion site indexing these on FD in early 2014. http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2014/May/43 Edit: Oh, seems like the site is still up at http://un1c0rn.net/ http://un1c0rn.net/search?q=tags%3Amongo This is actually even more important in cooler climates, where you may need to scrape the ice off of your car right before driving. Having frozen hands most definitely does not make driving easier. Or just chips failing to read? Their failure rates seem to be much higher than magstripe. In my experience if you try to use a broken chip+pin card you will almost always be allowed to use the magstripe "bypass" instead. PLEASE do not link to qubes in any security related discussion, the devs are known for their incompetence and making some rather hilarious public claims[1]. Not only that, Qubes uses a vulnerable git version from several years ago so practically anyone could go backdoor it if they cared. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Pill_%28software%29 Not exactly true, valve "fixed" the phoon style bunnyhopping after the vide on in the article surfaced (even though it had been in the game for years). There still exists a version of bunnyhopping in the game but using it for speed gain on longer distances is very difficult. It's not even about the risk, it's really difficult to monetize massive amounts of cards. .com? If that money is ever exchanged, it'd probably be trivial for a powerful entity to figure where it went. Mixing large amounts is pretty damn hard, there's not enough volume to hide large transactions. Trading massive amounts of BTC to an altcoin would be even harder, concealing the movements of that altcoin would be pretty much impossible. In the end the process of money laundering ends up being significantly more complicated than with "real money". Don't go and compare Tor to BTC, just don't. They share nothing from a technical PoV. Lauri wasn't involved with HTP, he was involved with a HTP member that gave him the CF exploit he used. You should seriously consider switching banks in that case, what bank doesn't let you do wire transfers online? 2000BTC isn't very much at all, especially since the mixer having 2000BTC doesn't mean they can securely mix 2000BTC. Exchanges will most definitely be storing logs, so that won't help much. Comparing mixers to relays isn't valid either, with BTC the attacker will have access to the blockchain, which is basically the worst possible attack scenario for Tor. And in any case, there isn't enough BTC transaction volume to reliably hide large amounts of BTC. Maybe. Export the cert and post it. Stripe doesn't let you send money to cards. Maybe a single customer getting owned is better than all the customers getting owned? Closed source often has eyeballs specifically paid to... eyeball it. I live in Finland, and the whole concept of not being able to send wire transfers from your online banking (or even a phone app) sounds utterly ridiculous. This seems to be the norm in most of Europe. AFAIK the big US banks let you do wire transfers online too. OTR? Really depends on how much effort you put into it. Gotta love the tags DNS caching most likely, your iPhone is using a DNS server that has the old lenovo.com records in it's cache. Read the source. HTML/Iframe.B.Gen is a generic false positive. 1. You're confusing "cryptor" with "crypter" 2. "Closed source" and javascript don't really work together. site:hackforums.net cryptor About 1,790 results (0.32 seconds) vs site:hackforums.net crypter About 62,700 results (0.36 seconds) "most likely" Wordpress itself isn't all that insecure, but most of the plugins are. Actually they can. The controls they use do not scale and therefore are only used for targeted and random checks. Having one out of 100 packages seized won't really hurt your bottom line. Paunch had nothing to do with Tor and wasn't exactly trying to hide his identity. Many don't. It's a business decision. Well, they weren't doing it "silently", users had to agree to install the miner. I rather doubt they actually care if the target server is a honeypot or not, it looks like they're just looking for free hosting. If they didn't want to get outed they would probably be trying to conceal themselves in the first place. Often there's no need for that. Considering the writer supposedly knows the attackers identity, I don't really see why they'd use the wrong gender pronouns. Registrant Organization: PayPal Inc. Admin Organization: eBay Inc. Yes they do. Although, I do recall x.com being online not too long ago. Author is plain wrong here. The big visible watermark is there for the psychological effect, not to trace the leaks. There's always a plenty of hidden ones. (Missing frames etc) HBO will definitely know who they sent the episodes to, but that doesn't necessarily mean they know who leaked them. Problem is that (besides for the brand) Cloudflare really has nothing to offer for Google. Google has spent the last 20 years solving the same problems CF is aiming to solve, they've even got a competing service Google PageSpeed that does exactly what CF does, except better (in my personal experience.). Oh, I didn't know they closed signups. I've been using it for some personal projects for a good while (Since 2011 or so?) now. I don't think they need CloudFlare for that though, they just need marketing people to sell it. I can't see CloudFlare acquisition being worth it for Google just for their marketing expertise. I also heard that google is testing out mind control using chemtrails. http://static.googleusercontent.com/media/www.google.com/en/... So, google is buying congress reps by donating them pocket change? Why would you recommend TrueCrypt? That's a terrible suggestion. TCs developers told you to stop using it, BitLocker's didn't. Even the people responsible for the audit recommend that people not use TC You're missing the bigger issues related to TC, for example the fact that it doesn't even run on new windows versions (and never will)... Are you seriously implying that there's never any security issues discovered after audits? There is no good way to implement hellbans, the only people affected by them are the ones not expecting to get banned. I think "ORGANIZATIONS CREATING APPLICATIONS NEVER BEFORE POSSIBLE" about sums it up on their "who uses" page... There's nothing in particular that mongo does better than it's competitors. So the DDoS attacker can't retrieve said tokens? Hellbanning is most definitely widely known of where it is used. It maybe useful in a few individual cases, but most definitely not always. (And that's all ignoring the ethical issues) Depends entirely on the contents of those peoples tweets. What if one of those leaders of a hate group was also a linux kernel developer and regularly made interesting technical tweets? Well then, my opinion on kkkautoblocker would be no different than my opinion on ggautoblocker. They're both stupid non-solutions, anyone who's actually trying to harass people will be able to circumvent them... People should also consider that if they can't handle the vile cesspit that the internet is, using it is optional. Have you noticed that at least in the US, white collar crime already carries ridiculously high sentences compared to the rest of the world? To be honest, "dark web" seems to lack a clear, well defined meaning and should be avoided. Not really assuming said gif is inside an img tag. Scenarios where the attacker is restricted to being a non-MITM eavesdropper are pretty rare, public wifi networks aren't an example of such. Except HTTPS does not (currently) solve data integrity issues in real life use cases, getting a certificate issued for someone else's domains is far from difficult... Especially since DNS is still plaintext. http://krebsonsecurity.com/2015/02/webnic-registrar-blamed-f... http://www.zdnet.com/article/revenge-hack-put-5-5-million-do... http://www.educause.edu/educause-security-breach-and-passwor... If you're missing my point, these all of these hacked orgs had the capability to issue SSL certs. Well yes, none of them would actually have their own name on said certs. But all of them had API access to make symantec or geotrust issue certs. End result is the same. Having been involved in all of the hacks I linked, I wouldn't describe them as anything extraordinary. That's probably a good solution if your intention is to destroy any trust that's left in the banking system. I didn't do it and don't know why this guy thinks I did. You don't necessarily have to do anything, refusing to talk (not necessarily help) makes keeping people in jail so much easier. Looks like the guy who owns roguefoundry.com has some lawsuits in his past: https://www.pacermonitor.com/public/case/3925103/McDermott_v... Well, it's been years since I last touched SL. But last I checked it was really easy to make infinitely self replicating items that would end up completely filling up, and eventually crashing sims. Something like this, https://youtu.be/YCc0hDuQt3w?t=72 I don't think I've ever encountered so broken mobile scrolling. So you're publicly admitting to several felonies? Did your lawyer seriously say that posting this is OK? I'm having really hard time believing that. Honestly, you might seriously want to consider getting a new lawyer. No good lawyer would ever tell you that it's ok to publicly admit to a felony just because it's unlikely that you'll get sued. None of these "secure browsers" seem to actually do any real hardening. Wow, these guys seem to be using an ancient and vulnerable version of cgit. It really isn't a big deal though, CID/ANI should never be trusted to identify the caller anyway. Why should FTC be able to help you? Phones work internationally. I don't think you've seen the systems they use in developing countries. Phone networks are almost a century behind the internet. It's not something that's easy to fix, nor are there too many situations where you would need to rely on the CID to identify the caller. Bulk international dialing is pretty much just as expensive as local dialing. (Essentially free) And in some countries you can just park pretty much anywhere and you'll only worry will be potential parking tickets. Over here in Finland most apartment building parking lots come with lines of electric outlets (used to keep the cars warm in the winter) that have already been there for tens of years. Here's a picture: http://www.vastavalo.fi/albums/userpics/13723/normal_2010110... Currently these don't have high enough amperage for fast charging of Teslas but the electric companies are already upgrading their infrastructure to enable that. You're not talking about Caller IDs here though, you're talking about some completely new technology that'd require a complete rework of current telephony systems. If you're worried about someone spoofing the source of their call you should probably consider using SIP over TCP, although it is unlikely that rest of the world is going to follow suit any time soon. And no, first-world telcos wouldn't be capable of providing what you want without massive overhauls either... Nor would they want to since there's a plenty of business critical applications that depend on this behavior. I really don't think a privesc vulnerability on Windows can be considered a "massive security risk" at this point. Yes, but it will index it. That's actually not true. A bunch of people in Qatar use that IP though. And the exact same thing could've happened with credit cards. I don't think your adblocker is very good if it blocks the scrolling code (which isn't an ad). >The middle east is migrating to democracy and has the least amount of dictators in charge in my lifetime How's that democracy working out in Libya and Syria? Many (probably pretty much everyone actually familiar with the situation) would argue that things were better under those dictators. The term generally used is "prison". http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penal_labor_in_the_United_State... What are you talking about? The mortality rates of migrants in Qatar are exceptionally low. Will it be different in 20 years? Or even 50? Right now these countries are warzones, and the stronger parties seem to be those more willing to pick up weapons and slaughter people. Use Tor if you want to anonymize yourself, not a VPN ffs. That detail wouldn't have happened if android manufacturers had their shit together. Faulting blockchain for not properly handling such ridiculous OS behaviour is pointless. The fee is optional and currently just make your transactions get processed faster. Although, a hostile party would be able to stop transactions without fees from being processed simply by flooding them. Customer support. A human can then verify the user even if they can only remember a part of the password. Transferring USD (except in some fairly rare scenarios) is incredibly difficult and time consuming, much more so than bitcoins. By doing that you aren't transferring 1 USD, but you are transferring 1 paypal "usd". And having two parties create paypal accounts and go through all the necessary verification steps to actually do that is most definitely hard. You're talking about using bitcoins to transfer USD. Bitcoin provides a good way to transfer bitcoins between people, USD doesn't have a similar mechanism. If you really want to use changetip, sure. There's no need to download or install a bitcoin client when options such as blockchain.info and xapo are available. Wallet security is pretty much the same you'd be practicing with your bank accounts, which you pretty much need to actually utilize paypal (And to be honest, sometimes to get bitcoins too). Paypal barely has enough users worldwide to cover half of US population, so most people definitely don't have it. Of course bitcoin has even less users. Pretty much 100% of my income is in bitcoins, about 90% of my expenses are paid for in bitcoins. I use bitcoins to pay for flights, groceries, rent and so on. Of course my situation is rather unique, but it does go to prove that bitcoins aren't completely useless by themselves. Maybe you should look more into the blockchain bug, it was caused by fucked up android phones having broken /dev/urandom for whatever reason. IMO it's a pretty fair assumption to make that all modern linux distributions would ship with /dev/urandom. How exactly is wallet security any different from bank security? Bank transactions don't tend to be reversible either. Customer support by itself tends to be a security flaw ripe for social engineering. No they weren't. The bug affected a very small minority of the apps users running broken android versions. Why would you have to do that with bitcoins? How are bitcoins any easier to steal than your bank credentials? Callbacks? Users PII? There's really no good ways to do phone verification. You can't use any kind of shared secrets as people forget those. >[SECURITY ADVISORY] All addresses made with the Android Blockchain.info wallet application since 1 May 2014 are potentially compromised, your funds are at a direct risk of theft. This is incorrect, posted by some random guy on reddit. Check out the source code he links to, it should be obvious that on any sane platform the random.org generator is used in conjunction with /dev/urandom. > I don't need to start by installing a blank linux VM on a permanently offline computer, to have a secure bank account. I don't even know where to begin here, why would you have to do this with bitcoins? How is storing your bitcoins on your computer any different than using online banking? In both scenarios you risk losing everything if you get hacked. Verify a pin? But that's still something you have to remember, not providing support for users who have forgotten their passwords doesn't tend to be an option. It's a mystery to me why, in this day and age, anyone is jailbreaking their iPhone to bypass digital signature checks. I mean, 20 years ago there might have been some benefits, but these days that doesn't really matter. So why is jailbreaking so prevalent? Or will it take some malware being publicly released to get the customers to take notice? I don't think a person that can't understand loans is ready for college. The creditor gives you money and you have to pay them back, if you ask for too much then it'll be much harder to pay back your loan. Many students who take loans don't even need them, but could easily pay their tuition by just getting a job. Because that's not how the world works. If I go spend all of my money on alcohol, whoever sold me that alcohol isn't going to get punished. If you fuck up, that's on you. Not anyone else. Every OS that people actually use has boatloads of unpatched security issues. I don't think it's fair to say "every single piece of software", as the claim that it's impossible to write secure software is just a myth. It's not very hard to write a secure "hello world". Then there's also Coq and such. Of course, usually the amount of vulnerabilities exponentially correlates to the size of the codebase. Fuckups like this should result in criminal charges (and immediate depeering). DoS attacks are illegal in most countries and this is definitely gross negligence. You're completely ignoring the potential monetary damages. A plenty of financial systems use the internet. I've also heard of a couple of other businesses utilizing the internet. "Shit happens" would've been applicable if this was solved in 5 minutes. Accidents like this are trivial to prevent with proper policies. If someone causes a car accident because of their gross negligence, they'll most likely face criminal charges. This isn't about how the internet works. This is someone messing up and breaking the internet. If I'm driving a car without paying attention to the road and kill a bunch of kids, that's my fault. If Telecom Malaysia pushes new configs without testing them and breaks the internet, that's their fault. Obviously these two things aren't even remotely comparable in seriousness, but it's clear that in both cases the people messing up should be held responsible. I'm very well aware, just because there's a history of people messing up doesn't mean the people that mess up shouldn't be held responsible. People are usually still held responsible when they accidentally break things, especially if it's because of their own gross negligence. I don't think anyone is blaming individuals here, in most countries businesses can face criminal charges. Seatbelts are risk mitigation, but I guess you still wouldn't be happy if someone crashed their car into yours. There's also "financial systems" that cannot realistically operate on their own comms networks. Online banking, PayPal, Bitcoin... I never said that it isn't how the internet works? Your comparison to postal service misdelivering some mail is both irrelevant and utterly ridiculous. A relevant comparison would be someone disrupting mail delivery on a global scale. Which would in fact be a crime in quite a few countries. For example in the US: https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1701 https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1706 https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1702 https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1700 E: (Yeah, downvote me because you disagree. Instead of explaining why I'm wrong) Even if was a mistake, that doesn't suddenly make it OK. People make mistakes, yeah. But this isn't a simple mistake, in fact this incident consists of multiple mistakes. 1) Someone wrote an incorrect config 2) They did not test it 3) They pushed it to production systems without testing it 4) They did not monitor their systems after pushing new configs 5) They took ages to fix the problem after it was detected. That definitely isn't a single mistake. That's their fault. Sometimes their sites go down because of someone attacking them (intentionally or not). Policies to defend against these mistakes are trivial to implement. Testing of configs before deploying, live monitoring of newly deployed configs. I don't think anyone is saying that the fact that this CAN happen isn't a huge problem, it most definitely is. Thing is, everybody knows (and has always known) this can happen. Everybody also knows how to avoid it. Well-intentioned people tend to try to avoid breaking the internet. That really doesn't make the negligence of Telecom Malaysia any more defensible. I really don't see what's the point of defending Telecom Malaysia, a plenty of people manage to operate their equipment in a manner that doesn't break the internet. Just because this was a mistake doesn't mean they should not be held responsible (and no, I'm not saying someone should go to prison.) I'm really not focusing on financial compensation here (I'm more interested in discouraging people from breaking the internet) , with the amount of people affected that's a topic you could write books on. I am focusing on liability though, I very much believe Telecom Malaysia should face criminal charges for this (I do not know if they should be sentenced though, as I am not aware of all the facts. That's up for the court to figure out) In most countries (I do not know if this applies to Malaysia too, but I believe it should) denial of service attacks are a criminal offence, I'd say exporting prefixes like this would constitute as one. Surely YOU know what YOU should be announcing. I'm definitely not saying we should disconnect Malaysia from the internet, that'd be terrible. Despite the name, TM is a private company. I really wouldn't have any issues with (temporarily) disconnecting them, or alternatively fining them. GLBX should definitely be able to do both of those. Of course best case scenario would involve Malaysian government intervention. (As unlikely as that sounds in a country that seems to be ran by people that believe in magic) Based on previous experiences I'd imagine their contract would allow early termination in case of abuses such as this,but of course this is speculation. I definitely didn't intend that anybody should be executed, but at most fined (or imprisoned for a reasonable amount of time if this was in fact intentional, but that's unlikely). I don't actually think it's an "attack" either. But guilty or not is binary, the actual sentence tends to be affected by details such as malice and intent. Reading comprehension. I never said what they did was criminal. I don't think you fully understand what "should" means here. I'm obviously not implying that the legal framework necessarily exists, but that it should. (And not for drone strikes ffs) Did I ever suggest that? Assuming "trillions" means 3 trillion. Divided by the average work hours during a persons career that'd come up to about 33 million people. That's quite a few engineers. I really don't see how his spending makes this article come off as douchey. Which is still significantly less than with java. The chromium-browser package is also a binary blob. Clicking this link will make your browser silently download and execute a binary blob http://ftp.netbsd.org/pub/NetBSD/misc/pooka/rump.js/ I don't know if that's a huge difference, considering the binary blob provably doesn't do anything (you should be complaining about). This article features some impressively bad journalism. I deposited 0.6 btc, messed around with the site a little bit (didn't play a single game) and ended now there's only 0.07 btc on my account. I'm not sure if losing your customers coins is such a great business model. Why should the reddit administration interfere with communities ran by third parties? IRC networks are still running just fine with minimal intervention. I own a surface pro 3. The (physical) keyboard sucks, the on-screen keyboard sucks more. The screen is great if you like to write your notes by hand. You'll have very little luck running linux on it though. IRC is mostly drama, but for whatever reason nobody thinks it's a big deal. (Compared to reddit.) >collating and creating these scrapes has absorbed an enormous amount of my time & energy due to the need to solve CAPTCHAs,... Have you considered automating this? There's a plenty of service providers that sell APIs to captcha solving services at reasonable prices. The modern policy of no customer support by these services is a little worrying. I'm in a similar situation with google suspending my gmail account because I tried to make play store purchases while traveling (apparently this is a "suspicious access pattern"). Now I'm out 5 years worth of emails and have no way of contacting google (Despite being a paying google apps customer and registered on their payroll system). Frankly, I'd rather like to be able to pay to receive some support from these companies. Oh well, at least they made my emails bounce. tl;dr why don't web companies offer paid support to their users? I don't use Instagram. But in Googles case, very much yes. And I'd like to give them more money for some customer support. Yes, but that support can only help you with business accounts. Not with personal accounts, even paid ones. I pay for gmail, I pay for drive, I pay for adwords, I pay for google apps, I pay for GCE and play store. (and undoubtedly a plethora of other services I couldn't remember) I think I fit at least some definition of "customer". And I'm still not asking for free support, I'd gladly pay Google 2k an hour to get someone to assist me. What about the 2015 macbook? I own one and it's been great. (can't remember the last time I needed any ports on my laptop anyway.) I'll definitely check them out. Picking a new email provider is really hard, reliability is key. And to me gmail used to represent the ultimate reliability, but no more. >I used to have "rbishop", now some other developer has it. I've been using one for almost a month now. Solid device as long as you're not doing anything super demanding on the hardware (A couple of VMs work just fine). My only complaint is that it's not very waterproof. I can confirm that about an hour ago from this point that page displayed a 404 error. But I am an advertiser! And surely GCE customers are customers too. (My GCE spending has been far bigger than a hobby project) Whats the point of running OpenBSD on Linode? Surely the fact that you're using Linode negates pretty much all of the security benefits provided by OpenBSD. But why Linode over any of the plethora of alternatives that actually support OpenBSD (and offer significantly better pricing than Linode)? Yet they have pretty much the worst security track record in the entire industry. They also have a history of trying to cover up issues and straight up lying to their customers. I was just referring to their security track record :) (4? compromises within 3 or so years) What's the point of fail2ban (for ssh)? It definitely won't stop you from getting hacked, nor will it provide any useful data. Especially since any sane bruteforcers iterate over IP addresses instead of passwords to avoid just this. What actual benefits does changing the port offer? This depends entirely on what you want your browser to do. I personally use my browser to, well... browse the internet? I can buy food with bitcoins just fine. And pretty much everything else too. I'm quite curious as to where this $500k figure for an iOS hole is from. Also, as someone who makes their living selling exploits I rather disagree on your claim that selling vulnerabilities is something that would have you labeled as a "pariah". I don't think I've ever seen that happen. Unless they're watching updates from repos, it'd be very hard to automate this. CVEs are very far from reliable. Depends greatly on the context. Selling exploits definitely isn't "straight up illegal". Selling vulns much less so. What if I'm in a country without Nextbus? Using common CDN-hosted jQuery is a ridiculous idea security-wise anyway. There definitely is a market for CSRF RCEs in common home routers. (The prices are absurd due to the fact that nobody has been selling these for very long) They generally enable AT LEAST full MITM access, so ad hijacking and espionage. Have you never executed a binary you downloaded over http? (Live) Patching backdoors into existing binaries is not exactly difficult. So far I've only seen one attack like this in the wild, but you need to understand that these exploit vendors primarily sell for targeted attacks (usually by various government actors) Key is that you don't need to phish, you can just wait until the user downloads an unencrypted executable. -----BEGIN PGP PRIVATE KEY BLOCK----- lQOsBFW1QD0BCACnrDvtorbgkoy7YlXSN5chiclbH/y+QsgB7Yb1NiNTRRo5aHlO nJegEjzbYbzfhgTNrQsmyi+4KLu0Ks4uaQYgbVIm+TMDFMMiKwZ0sIVsgPnmojKO ChhiGbbj+eaVddTv2I/tWIxDhi3LfeJgqEZA4QlxJy2zT1JSrZYoVr9Fbcmsx5R1 h/Sdl5hp7AahmuNZCwAKG20hCA1DHS5LOr40QrRT3fsM+gMQu66VP8ITQWFiJkrL q7mp84Z6yM7FVMbTeMffSyx5Jz45bV06OxAo198ZLv4g1g48xijJL/YRY/70scXZ zl0wJ0xaBvcJ0xQVyfFdcCZpT40eeZ5PK+jnABEBAAH/AwMC7ZPXt6pPG2FgYn3D k4TCOF8DV8jEuTaDQVgobECilIeBmqkzU35qcVO0nGr+hHGaZchM+UA99iSn0bl4 YA4d79oAI5DK6t4FRaL54POnho+eeucFovddnBs9XcAICjnL+XBchg1JFHeQNGEr vi+c7QMd0H2ipKU3M9KlCU7XsDej1DFI5D76hlAB+dwN/naOpjNGhGwp6DCnd+yv eXzjKkzLO6dRLjEqNI8y4kUFngG589Kodqyn0asyim7ldwaX37fzzqoCT2lYdAUo EWHiB4xB2rZOaU1AyPPCeCLfUIym5C09hifzhLLXqhAbywv31Rh9ULzP7yTzO7w2 Tm3yVMQ1Q0sWjp+5F+E0l/YdfbFBwfd+odLBJOD4fL80P1zpBT3EDXR9LwCtiwiB OaDv2n3XdfJFEMShd8ImrMKuiwtWrfOx+igM1g5s3wQMWW2WWJvr3ekZEUxlHZem 3bs0P+Cjdfk9uugSrCCRqu5u5aXTtXchv734XmXea4AaSe0Grf47r/rUpTtNK4Pp n8PmumaJxeZw5oBuBnFVUQNSixLrM0sGSESmq3daCDtmkL4UuEZuveUjEmV0zTak JtxI3r/UoaPLKKItJH+e0rCh2uYBpzB2T/KKSysYgnCLZB2cp+L3hX3STsa6mzsv EBLSPBVOUfTXBJquVf8KQ5klD+13BszVRlo/jzuPDZF7EfjWq3g5BhTrRkBx5Rde M1eWuxHdEDqG7FAch0UTsQcmK48fVk5EBtLEOfj6b+CCGvbNnWQMZAom0ChPU/Kt VZMeprASjTiFWZKHUsSvxUhUET8Ap7I3rICil29V6dQrdNQVdmiigMLqHldO2iST UK8oq/Rw7EDk3w13c/UgoLUUScF4bQ+EuIhLSMn0ALQAiQEbBBABAgAGBQJVtUA9 AAoJEGwvuUgATjhB8i4H9jJUULOMUk6XKj0OUeVV/sydxE71JwgWa9u/JzFvur5+ cGr3TsxMQTRufD1X1+Ghd9n3s26qHzIgvmLc6iL+O128RWs/zYWXwI/P0u8h9V/T +NtRyeoeD8lpp+g7TeoSQEzjSntmyv6dtgMRv19S7QNW+GpAM4K1EN1sgU9xHROp rz9+DIsR99g5VslMi6cItp0xiHX00ta07JCWLGsMy9NzGwjb/U8fan3pLZfEudL/ aOGl96bTeyPsyHbOHkJO8q7RH1PRW+ba77AOl/bqLKLE5VQpwi/zS4DfWQRHbo/O az8yTZDCBhWUvRmIEes/EvPlHuSOH+j7KGOFjWZtUg== =MAM1 -----END PGP PRIVATE KEY BLOCK----- -----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE----- hQEMA2wvuUgATjhBAQf/cRgwK4K/lXuIYFvHH5kqpVee11A1NjOBH1tbSOvMGWlR 7qSPSEt8p5Q8SDVPvEAmqNb/uz1Q7F6LaFQP4PITZO4L6Zyrle68NdAQQNkW7YBT 7PUXLr7Zxr7Ap0Y09qZEbfgJqSMzdiV+JSGlcRSvTd1lyFgXnBrRD5ABxhjf+RoS XDleb0aYwFzMridPggSJf0o84cKaWJwLMf8YJMK90gDLUUICDvyC3rPq75z1WgJa 5t0VT7KloNe3zq57pM4xoIEJqV6ND/bwXCZNa+twCbsWcieVl//Q0Sv9tJqIwtac 4wSz8hVbqJJgWMmrGzO3s6UgsLgtnYSvNH7+YEUKU8k3PsYhJgo4lmCWDYtZOPbf t8ygafGy2/EpFPG8myBZQ6jwqguPI6kL6GNXtWGxZ4rOIvu3Fnc43g== =6Cw3 -----END PGP MESSAGE----- Not necessarily. Knowingly selling to someone that'll use it for a crime, probably. What does their "customized kernel" do? (Besides having a few wifi drivers built in) It is uniquely bloated. Kali is much less of a live CD than backtrack was. Also, most of the people Kali is targeted towards would use it every day. This is not true. 2. This is very common. No warning? No phase-out? Are you kidding me. TrueCrypt was completely dead by the time they shut down the project. Bitlocker is by far the most audited encryption solution available... Who are you to say what opinions they share? Especially considering davts emails... I'd imagine by several microsoft crypto experts and the countless people doing auditing for the various organizations that use it. (Of course I can't really name and shame) I for one feel very uncomfortable using other OSes due to the lack of text UIs. And it seems pretty likely that a vast majority of linux devs feel similarly, considering how few softwares start out with just a GUI instead of the other way around. Treaties are not laws. Domains aren't generally "privately registered", but instead the WHOIS info is replaced with a forwarding service. Similar arrangements are fairly common with companies and trademarks. I honestly can't see how an 11 year sentence is "insane" for actively aiding a group massacring people. >> the defendant knowingly waives the right to appeal the conviction and any sentence > within the maximum described above [of 15 years] ... in exchange for the concessions > made by the United States >Maybe I'm missing something, but the only concession made by the United States in the "plea agreement" sees to be a vague promise not to prosecute the defendant again. Given that the government should already have this restriction thanks to the Fifth Amendment's double jeopardy clause, is this even a concession by the government? Seems to me like the government concedes that they wont demand a higher sentence than agreed to. >> The defendant agrees to forfeit all interests in any terrorism-related asset that > the defendant owns or over which the defendant exercises control, directly or indirectly, > as well as any property that is traceable to, derived from, fungible with, or a substitute for > property ... involved in the offense. >That could be almost anything. That's what he agreed to, why does it matter? And in any case it's not very broad, it's just stuff related to the crime. > ... including that the forfeiture constitutes an excessive fine or punishment. >How is it even legal? Why not? That essentially means that he agrees that the punishment isn't excessive. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intention_(criminal_law) He was actively, intentionally, assisting his friend in helping a terrorist organization. (At least that is what he claims to have done.) People that understand what certmgr.msc does (or should do) would immediately realize that it's not telling the full story. https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ms6... That's probably the case, but does it matter? Of which there exists a plenty, more so after the rise of Silk Road & Co. I rarely fly economy but the two Norwegian flights I've been on both had very good wifi (not very fast, but certainly reliable). Definitely a much better experience than with gogo. It's a sad thing that one of the worst airlines in Europe has the best wifi. (I'm really curious as to how my 5k euro emirates 1st class ticket can't cover the expenses for working wifi... I can even shower on the plane for gods sake) Because Norwegian is primarily an economy airline and I have very limited experience flying with them so it's rather likely that my views on the wifi quality are at least somewhat biased. Also, I have to ask. Would you have made this comment if I had said "I fly economy a lot" instead? (Not that anyone does that because of FFPs) Actually, I can't say I've really noticed this so much lately, but I've mostly been staying with the big chains (Marriott, Hilton and 4 seasons). Although, often the big chain hotels are the most crowded ones. Companies don't sleep, individual traders are fucked anyway. For me the page just displays random Chinese text, not a very useful service. https://i.imgur.com/MoNUKWo.png Why would I be responsible for people I don't even know? If I help somebody it's out of kindness, not responsibility. I don't want to pay extra taxes to help foreigners, I'll gladly donate money to charities. But the second my country started demanding I pay taxes to help refugees, all my income moved over to HK. And no, I don't have a problem with refugees, I'm glad to help them. I have a problem with the state _forcing_ me to help them. My browser is definitely sending english language headers. I think all browsers send the accept-language header now, mine is set to en-US and the site completely ignores it. A/B testing. Intent is key, not the technical approach. If you're intentionally trying to access files you clearly aren't intended to be accessing, you're probably guilty of unauthorized access. Allocating tax money for a purpose achieves a very similar end result. >For example with their free plans would they need to identify all clients, scan their content and judge accordingly? Ever heard of this little thing called abuse reports? Certainly an interesting writing style: >Remove the radiator filler cap if the engine is cold. (Opening the cap with the engine hot can get you badly burned. The fluid can start to boil once the pressure is relieved and spray all over you. The fluid will be quite painful resulting in first and second-degree burns. It's not likely to be disfiguring but if you accidentally burn yourself, you can very well go ahead with your plan to escape however your mind might be focused entirely upon the pain and not upon escape. With the engine cold you don't have to worry about getting burned.) That certainly seems like a rather elaborate way of explaining that touching hot things burns. That's not exactly what I was referring to, although I wasn't being very clear. This is the part I was talking about: > The fluid will be quite painful resulting in first and second-degree burns. It's not likely to be disfiguring but if you accidentally burn yourself, you can very well go ahead with your plan to escape however your mind might be focused entirely upon the pain and not upon escape. Author seems to be overly focused on the results of such a burn. Uh... What the fuck? What exactly makes this an attack? I don't see it doing anything malicious. And in any case, how is plugging in a keyboard to your computer not authorizing it to send keypresses? Do people actually manage to keep their phones working for a year at a time? (Without using ridiculously bulky cases that look more like they belong in a warzone) I end up replacing mine almost quarterly. >And while it has been suggested that miners can connect to a VPS if they prefer to remain anonymous rather than connect through Tor, this is not quite satisfying for decentralists either. Speaking to Bitcoin Magazine, hashcash inventor and Blockstream CEO Dr. Adam Back explained why. >“It is technically possible to mine using a VPS (Virtual Private Server), but miners who do so are not choosing their own transactions,” Back emphasized. “Instead, they connect to a server that does this for them. It’s another form of centralization, at the extreme. And we already see this happening due to bad connectivity in some countries, where miners use VPS services set up in another country to win some time and increase profits…” Is it just me or was this article generated by a markov bot? Web of trust. Cops should be facing significantly harsher sentencing for incidents like this than private citizens, they're trained and definitely know what they're doing. The current policy of not prosecuting police officers for mindlessly slaughtering people is rather absurd. Sure there is. It's very easy to avoid getting on the news. A person holding a cellphone looks nothing like a person holding a gun, especially to someone trained to spot people holding guns. Definitely lagging here, brand new 12" macbook running chrome. Or even genetically modifiable. So it's ok to shoot people based on guesses? Did the cops even have any reason to believe there would be another shooter? What the hell is a fake bomb? How does a schoolteacher know what a "bomb" looks like? Are we talking about an IED here? That could be literally any fucking thing. I really doubt that this clock looked even remotely like any of the industrially made ready-to-use explosives. Sometimes I can't help feeling like some people should be forcibly removed from the gene pool. Even then, for an IED to actually be of any use it needs to have an explosive compound, likely in a container of some kind. Anyone with half a brain would understand that you can't just magically make circuitry explode. That's a whole new level of ignorance, they teach this stuff in elementary school for gods sake. Hanlon's razor is a pretty stupid quote here, there definitely is no need to distinguish stupidity from malice here. The people responsible for this mess should probably lose their jobs. (Based on the story as it was presented here) How about just "misconduct" I'm not sure if you know how spamhaus DNSBL works, "no FPs" is ridiculously far from the truth. They make it near impossible for bigger hosts not to get blacklisted unless they fully comply with spamhaus. Looking at the photo of the device I certainly can't see how that looks even remotely like a bomb. Nothing resembling an explosive payload or a detonator in there. Spamhaus has a history of extorting larger ISPs into dropping their customers instead of just blocking said customer. https://www.virusbtn.com/blog/2011/10_13.xml It's worth noting that spamhaus had no real reason to do this as they had already blocked the hosting company a2b was providing bandwidth to, so blocking all of a2b didn't actually stop any more spam. Zen is far far from not blocking any real email, they regularly block large ISPs that refuse too indiscriminately drop customers on their request. Unless there's some bug in your transaction processing system causing it to leak excessive amounts of data on why the transaction was denied it makes no sense for checkers to use it over their own merchant accounts. (And typical checker traffic is more like thousands of transactions rather than tens) It seems much much more likely that someone was just trying to card some candy. A2B was routing CB, CB was not using A2Bs IP space. Spam was not coming from A2B. A2Bs IP space was blocked by Spamhaus to force them to drop CB. What exactly justified blocking A2Bs IP space here? Spamhaus is a really shady organization with a history of unethical behavior, look up the nic.at fiasco as another example... Or just ask anyone who works in hosting. Except not really, that's still 7 hours of flying. Lets say 1 hour transit from airport to restaurant and 2 hours of eating, you've already spent 11 hours on that dinner. Depends on if we're talking "ultra rich" or not Security is hardly an issue flying privately, I've had experiences where we've landed and all stepped out of the plane just looking around the airfield waiting for someone to come say something... and nobody coming. Many bigger cities seem to actually be surprisingly lacking on viable (and legal) landing sites for helicopters... Trust me, I've tried. You may not be exhausted but sitting stationary for 7 hours just to get dinner doesn't seem like such a fun thought, even in first class. (The novelty wears off very quickly) You probably won't be getting too good prices for gold in such countries either. yes? I'm an avid traveler. I'm pretty curious, why is this particular botnet noteworthy? There's a plenty of kids on efnet capable of pushing that There's no official rules on this, usually the botnets are named by their developers and renamed by AV developers for marketing purposes. This results in stupid shit like kaiten.c which is a *nix bot from 20 years ago now being known (and detected) as "OSX/Tsunami". This is actually harmful as it makes researching whatever infection you got harder when every AV vendor decides to give a very well known malware a different name. So uh, why aren't admissions implemented as an algorithm that reviews academic performance? Minor human intervention could be used to prevent mistakes by the algorithm... Or not, humans make mistakes too. But machines don't intentionally discriminate. Microdosing of psychedelics isn't very well (or at all?) researched and it's hard to tell whether what people are experiencing is a placebo or not. Having just been to trial in relation to the very group involved in the Chippy1337, I'd say it'll be a complete mess. We ended up with the prosecutor reading out hundreds of lines of IRC logs consisting almost entirely of in-jokes that nobody in the room but me could understand. It's sad to see Rick Falkvinge seemingly advocating for a company that claims it doesn't have to comply with subpoenas while operating in the US. Even the ones that grossly misrepresent the services they provide? PIAs marketing straight up exploits people who aren't tech savvy enough to understand that the promises they make are meaningless. Well, as the defendant I didn't really have to pass voire dire. A shot to the hand or the leg will kill you far slower than a shot to the chest though, and will be much easier to patch up. The enforcement in other western countries is limited to not selling them as easily, tons of people still have unregistered guns and illegally importing them isn't difficult. I know you can't possibly accurately hit someones extremities, never made that claim either. My post was in response to you making it sound like wounds to the extremities would be equally likely to kill as wounds to the center of mass, which is definitely not true. And thanks, I've already got a range membership. You're either replying to the wrong post or didn't read mine, shooting at "hands or legs" is ridiculous but wounds to ones limbs are still far less likely to be lethal... Which is all I'm suggesting. Until all of your data gets pruned from the blockchain in an update... Why not just do a wire transfer? Or hey, it's 2015. We've got bitcoin. Definitely an infinitely better solution than escrow.com, and assuming I've guessed the extension right you'd probably have to pay almost a thousand dollars of fees on there. International wire transfers are irreversible, so that's just as good as having them give you a briefcase full of cash. Actually, even better since you can't really receive a forged wire transfer. (Edit: Not sure why I'm getting downvotes, am I wrong?) And with just a roll of duct tape you can silently break a window. What's not a client feature? It'll be pretty annoying when you've only got a couple of custom clients hosting your version of the 10TB blockchain. How so? Blockchains would probably be the worst possible way to deliver SMS from a resource consumption point of view... And from a security POV it'd just be silly. This is about transferring IP ownership, since it's a chrome extension he probably doesn't even have any source code to hand over. There's not really anything he needs to do after he receives the money, the contracts should be signed before the money is sent and only become active after the money is received. What's malware here? If you're referring to ad replacement/injection that's by far the best and pretty much the only way of monetizing free extensions. I think calling this a botnet, albeit technically correct is both really silly and clickbaity. What else could they possibly be doing to monetize it that'd be less malicious? Are you kidding me? How could not bypassing the kernel POSSIBLY be better here? It's infinitely harder for kernel devs to optimize these scenarios than for userland devs. "Botnet" almost always refers to compromised computers, that's not what this article talks about. The article describes a ridiculously ineffective approach of buying a bunch of EC2 instances to run 50(!) copies of spotify each, when you should be able to easily support thousands of instances of spotify running on a single server. There's no need to do this using a botnet, there's no point in doing this using a botnet... It's utter nonsense. The only reason they talk about one is to make the whole thing sound far more nefarious than it is. And to reiterate my point once more, nobody ever refers to remotely managing their own computers as a "botnet". It'd be ridiculously stupid to have a botnet do this instead of running it on your own hardware. Again, you can easily run thousands of spotify clients on a single computer. Except this would be infinitely more traceable and would still require quite a bit of development work, whereas bitcoin mining is really easy. And using a botnet to do this offers no benefits from just running it on your own hardware. Unlike bitcoin mining, running spotify clients isn't resource intensive. I once received this alert from google, a few months later had a run in with the FBI. I don't see why any non-Western countries would be interested in me, so yeah. I think they do, they're just being extra helpful here and specifying that they think whoever owned you was a state actor. I received the alert around Dec 2012, big red bar at the top of my screen (which interestingly enough caused a reflected XSS vulnerability in gmail) just randomly popped up as I was eating dinner a few days before christmas. Didn't really think much of it, account logs showed no access from outside of my own IP addresses and analysing all the emails I had received in the past few months found nothing out of place. Leads me to believe (Well, hope.) that the attack was detected and blocked by google. About 8 months (had to double check that, since it sure felt like less) later I flew over to defcon and the FBI searched my hotel room, seizing my throwaway phone and laptop. On my way out of the country I was again stopped at JFK by a bunch of agents holding a grand jury subpoena. Ended up being asked a bunch of rather silly questions regarding some ORNL hack(and others) that I couldn't really answer. Wasn't arrested, got to spend an extra day in the states and flew out. Yep. Nope, and I don't think I'm going to be trying that any time soon. This is a good move by facebook and does have the potential to save lives, but the fact that they don't provide any details about the attack or the supposed attacker definitely makes it significantly harder for potential victims to act on this information. Imagine getting a message like this out of the blue, not even knowing who's after you. What are you going to do? It's hard to fight a faceless enemy, especially when you can't even be sure if they really exist. https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-kaEkDHuMR-8/T85THToQyYI/AAAAAAAAC... Looks like that, although I remembered it being more red. Protestors in Syria or China aren't the only people getting these. As Snowden demonstrated there's no lack of westerners being spied on just because they happen to work at a telecom company. The fact that there's no more information provided makes it far too easy for those people to just ignore these warnings as mistakes and go on with their lives. And contacting yandex customer support is significantly easier than trying to get in touch with someone at google capable of unlocking my account. After asking them a couple of times they agreed to present their badges, and that's what the copy of the warrant said. I've, as a white EU citizen, received similar warnings from google. I don't know if Facebook is going to be showing this to any western people, but when google showed me their version of the warning there was very little I could do with it since looking through my logs and emails showed no signs of any attempted attacks. Yeah, bicycles seem to suffer from this too, and helicopters. Uh, what the fuck? Seriously? This guy was both facing a higher THEORETICAL maximum than Aaron, and got a significantly higher sentence than Aaron could have ever received. And no, Aaron was definitely not "threatened" with 50 years. Where are you getting that from? Where exactly did they threaten Swartz with 50+ years? Lying is a very questionable way to push your political agenda. "he just downloaded medical journals from the campus networking closet" isn't very accurate either, he broke into a server cabinet and actively evaded security measures to download medical journals. Keep in mind that he wasn't even ever sentenced, which makes him a REALLY shitty poster boy for US legal system abuses. Actually, pretty sure most linux distributions don't ship with the whois binary. (This is entirely based on the fact that I find myself installing it far too often) So far I've seen zero evidence of sensitive information being on that email account. Anybody with the most basic understanding of the US legal system should understand that it's obviously not true. You'd expect for someone who is as ready to criticize the system as OP is to actually sort of understand what he's talking about. Honestly, I'm just really pissed because statements like that are actually really harmful as they only work to divert attention from the real issues that need fixing. Some kid killing themselves because they were too scared to face court isn't an issue with the legal system, but with the (mental) healthcare system. (Note that at the time Swartz hadn't even been found guilty, much less sentenced.) How the hell is corporate tax relevant to companies coming to markets and selling their goods? You're probably thinking of VAT. Do you know what corporate tax is? Why is this even a story? Has there been any confirmation that this account even actually belonged to the CIA director? If yes, has there been any evidence that there was actually anything sensitive on the account? (I seriously doubt the latter) If there was nothing on the account how is this different from any of the other tens of thousands of aols that have been hijacked since the 90s? Yes and there is zero evidence of any sensitive material. Googling for 5 minutes didn't return anything supporting the second claim. Accountable for hackers claiming something that's not necessarily true? The most "sensitive" info I saw was his own SSN, which anyone can buy off of ssndob... A list of names? I don't see anything there that wouldn't be publicly available on the internet. I suppose you didn't, as it certainly doesn't answer the second question. How so? I personally feel that I've been observing the passing of time before his comment. In what world are social security numbers sensitive information? The one where you can buy pretty much anyone's (with a credit history) for $1.8? The sensitivity of any of that is really questionable. Starting to wonder if this is an attack, both GitHub and Bitbucket went down in short succession. I for one don't give a shit about Uber violating the law as long as they're providing a better service than those following the law. Those rules don't really matter if they aren't enforced. I think ignoring the nature of the rules they're breaking is rather silly, as those rules are mostly designed to protect the existing taxi monopolies rather than to prevent the society from disintegrating. I don't really see Uber violating tax or (real) safety rules. I agree that we don't want to see an Uber monopoly, but there's much bigger problems with them than the fact that they're fighting ridiculous legislation. Also, it's called civil disobedience. Ah, but that's hardly a claim that needs substantiating. Everybody knows that people can change, adapting to your environment is a basic survival instinct. Anyone arguing that people don't... can't change obviously has a deeply twisted understanding of humanity. Did you deny low-rated riders pickups? In many European countries this is a very regular occurrence too, instead of taking drunks to jail the police take them home. Although, this isn't a service you can request over the phone... just an (probably better) alternative to taking people to jail and charging them with public intoxication or whatever. If your business model is so terrible that you need protectionist laws to survive, maybe you just deserve to go bankrupt. Works just fine on my SGS6+ edge using chrome. That's a terrible example, why can't it be some random crashing a F-15? In which case I don't see why some random and an USAF pilot should be treated differently. Assuming both had proper permits, of course. Nobody that actually wants to commit felonies would waste their time doing that. Cassette tapes and fax machines seem to be prime examples of obsolete and unsupported tech that has been mostly replaced with objectively better solutions. Backup tapes and cassette tapes are obviously a completely different thing, lets not even go there. Yes, fax machines are still used. That doesn't make them not obsolete. Fax is ridiculously slow, requires both participants to have fax machines (so you can't even realistically not have another solution implemented) and on top of all that super insecure. Heroin related problems are rarely caused by the substance itself, rather lack thereof. Not heroin, but a completely unknown substance presented as heroin that probably consists of around 30% heroin. https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&q=heroin+overdose+p... Considering purity fluctuations will actually KILL you rather than just make you want more, yeah I'd say that's by far the most dangerous part of street heroin. The cuts are VERY rarely anything harmful by themselves, that'd be a pretty shitty business move. 2% is definitely not accurate, consuming that would be a very unpleasant experience. It seems a little strange that one should have to worry about such things while not doing anything wrong. Are they? As far as I know they're just releasing the source with setup instructions. 2 requests per second does not DDoS make. Silly clickbait title. Because phone numbers aren't public keys. What's a reasonable verification step? How does that stop a Tor user? Why should call metadata like this be controlled so heavily when IP packets aren't? This article is just ridiculous, the author is going out of their way to attack microsoft instead of just reporting the facts. Terrible journalism. >We already knew Windows 10 Threshold deleted third-party data monitoring tools and cleanup tools, including stalwarts like Spybot and CCleaner. It even disabled Cisco’s VPN software. Just a bug, said Microsoft. >Two bugs would be a puzzling coincidence What makes the existence of software bugs "puzzling"? > The data that DiagTrack collected was typical of a spyware programme So credit cards, passwords, etc... right? >Examples of data we collect include your name, email address, preferences and interests; browsing, search and file history; phone call and SMS data; device configuration and sensor data; and application usage. I guess not? > The only way you knew you were being monitored was by eyeballing the list of running processes in Task Manager. That doesn't sound very spyware-esque, you'd probably want to be hiding yourself from the task manager. Why would you want your malware visible to the user? I'm not trying to criticise the article because it tries to attack MS, I'm trying to criticise it because half of it simply isn't true. CAC/DoD card, Passport card, NEXUS card, SENTRI card, Global Entry card, HSPD-12 card. US federal govt issues a plenty of different ID cards. There's also a bunch of tribal ones that are accepted. That is not perjury. Intercom might be amazing, but the huge security issues it usually introduces aren't. I'd rather not let a bunch of random companies inject arbitrary code onto my website. So basically xdcc for telegram? You can (and mostly, should) do without externally hosted JS libs. Ad/tracking scripts is where it gets interesting though, although I'd argue for in-house analytics ads are often a major source of income and therefore business critical. In the end it just comes down to trust, but keep in mind that if you trust Intercom you're also trusting www.icb.co.uk (which just happens to have several persistent XSS vulnerabilities in their ticketing system that could be quite trivially be used to hijack intercom.io), AWS, gandi, google, linode (seriously?), optimizely. And that's just a quick 5 minute audit of the critical infrastructure providers for intercom.io, I strongly believe that if any of these were compromised the attacker could trivially take over any site that is including intercom code on their page. And don't forget, this could also be done recursively, for example optimizely uses edgecast. An attacker that compromises edgecast would be able to insert code into intercom.io. Google fares much better against such inspection, as it relies much less on external infrastructure providers. And since there's no real reason for intercom.io to require users to remotely include their code, I'd avoid using them until they fix their product. Enforcing the law tends to be the job of various law enforcement agencies. Only the javascript code (and any html) would need to be self hosted. It could still communicate with intercoms API servers, just not load code from remote locations at runtime. Pure checksum verification would hardly be something worth posting. Dwolla is an ACH transfer platform, Stripe isn't. Two completely different things. Trust, but verify. > https://get.uber.com/cl/xchange/ or just Google it, Uber certainly did begin leasing cars. The lease payments go directly to Uber's subsidiary. Seems like this discusses "XCHANGE LEASING, LLC", not "Uber Technologies, Inc" or "Uber USA, LLC". I fail to see the relevance. >These drivers, as independent contractors, are supposed to provide their own tools/materials to perform, not finance/lease/rent the tools from the company to perform. They aren't A lot of US startups don't even consider the fact that there might be people living outside the US, neither in their US products nor in their US PR material. How do we know this isn't just an easy way to collect open proxies? To be perfectly honest, this whole operation seems sketchy as fuck: Even just looking at the front page, https://rev.proxies.online/ reveals that the site belongs to a generic botnet proxy service. Nowhere on the site is there any information identifying the company behind this, the site is hosted on a known abuse host and the domain is privately registered. >These are moments that no amount of money will ever be able to buy her back Sounds like life to me. Well no, this guy is renting access to his botnet. It's most likely much faster than tor and not every IP is gonna be blacklisted. XCHANGE LEASING, LLC is not directly owned by Uber. However, it's obviously indirectly controlled by them. The "They aren't" was in reference to the fact that said contractors aren't directly leasing the cars from Uber. I've commented about this before ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10410658 ) I received one of these alerts from Gmail years ago, and frankly... it was completely useless to me. Telling someone they're being attacked doesn't provide much value, what are you supposed to do? I ended up wasting loads of time going through all of my account logs and searching through months worth of emails trying to find signs of this supposed attack... and discovered nothing at all. Although, props to twitter for recommending Tor. That's significantly better than nothing, although of little use since you are in for a bad time trying to use twitter over Tor. They didn't arrest him, they searched his house for reasons unrelated to bitcoin (according to the AFP). The fact that he's most likely a hoaxer supports the AFPs claim. That's a great reason to get rid of security features! Might as well ditch TLS since soon you'll only be able to get certs for government approved content. Nobody is forced to do any of those things, you always have to choose. Why would a pilot be distracted by a drone? How is your average drone different from birds? Non-zero doesn't mean worth mentioning. Most drones have cameras and operators (which also have eyesight). The fact that Alex Stamos from Facebook contacted this researchers employer talking about potential lawsuits to threaten the employee via a proxy is probably the single most damning thing in the entire article. That to me is entirely unacceptable, if you want to threaten someone then have your legal team send them a cease and desist. Don't go after their livelihood. >At this point, it was reasonable to believe that Wes was operating on behalf of Synack. His account on our portal mentions Synack as his affiliation, he has interacted with us using a synack.com email address, and he has written blog posts that are used by Synack for marketing purposes. This is pretty questionable, and seems more like a hastily made up excuse. If Alex wasn't acting with malicious intent then the logical approach would've been to ask the researcher if he's operating on behalf of synack. > that in itself breaks their ToS for the bug bounty program Except it doesn't? Their ToS does not state this. They do however specifically state that social engineering attacks are not eligible. By saying "I'm unhappy with the amount". It's not like he has much to bargain with, but there's nothing stopping him from expressing his displeasure. Obviously that's referring to facebook accounts. Edit: I feel that your edit is still stretching the terms a bit. It seems pretty clear that this isn't the abuse that the clause intends to prevent. Also, the guy seems to only have verified that the credentials worked. But it seems obvious that in doing so he wasn't acting in good faith. Why have you not rotated your private keys? notBefore=Apr 14 00:00:00 2015 GMT notAfter=Dec 31 12:00:00 2015 GMT (Feel free to respond here if you want to pay me the bug bounty for this) I never claimed that AWS bucket creds were the same thing as SSL certs. Because these (well in phantomsquads case, this) guys didn't actually do anything. Just claimed a random downtime to be caused by him. Except anyone can easily produce a perfect replica of a US state ID in their home with an extremely low budget. And the questions the TSA asked this guy seemed like basic CRA questions, if they don't stop fraud they won't stop terrorism. There's no way ID checks will stop anyone who really wants to get on a plane within the US. >There is no such thing as 100% security. You can build a fence and try to say "but someone who really wants to get in will bring a wire-cutter," but that's just missing the point. The point is that a fence is cheap, and you want as much security as you can reasonably afford. TSA Annual budget: $7.39 billion (2014) >There's no way anything will stop anyone who really wants to get on a plane. But when you play a game of chess, you don't try to play a perfect game, you try to play the game that gives your opponent the most opportunities to make mistakes. You force your opponent to make decisions, because that's how they end up making the wrong decisions and get caught. Yes, but when you play a game of chess you try. Have you even seen a US state ID? They're not trying. >So go ahead and make a fake ID. You'll fail to board more by doing that than you will if the airport doesn't even bother to ask for ID. And by asking for IDs you achieve what? How many terrorists has the TSA stopped because they had fake IDs? ~100Gbit attack against dallas infrastructure, router crashed/doesn't have enough BW to announce IPs and therefore the whole netblock is nullrouted. Yeah, but there's other bugs that do let you do that (pull peoples account info). I've found a plenty of exploitable vulnerabilities on steam but stopped reporting them after their support told me to go post "suggestions" on their forums instead. It's also probably their single biggest day of the year. Over here in .fi we just have a landfill for it. https://www.flickr.com/photos/snowbout/12810955964 http://yle.fi/uutiset/helsinki_battles_with_snow_that_just_w... Like, all of them? Didn't mind having your credit card details stolen because Linode staff didn't read the coldfusion manual? Or the fact that the staff lied to hide the hack? I don't know about you, but that'd be a significant trust issue for me. While I agree with the general sentiment here, I fail to see the relevance of the last three names. Even though I'm infinitely appreciative of his work with RECAP, in the end Swartz was just some guy that killed himself because he was too scared to go to court. Ellsberg had his charges dropped and is a free man. Levinson just broke the law for no apparent reason. (Snowden absolutely expected that email to be compromised) Not necessarily when existence of such a law was illegal in the first place. Didn't use original video title as the point wasn't to link to the talk itself, but to the comments that were removed. The talk itself holds very little substance and is hardly worth linking by itself. (Anyone mind specifying what they downvoted this for?) Someone on IRC asked me to post proof, so here's an archive of a google cache result (best I could find, sorry) on the site from before the comments were deleted: http://185.10.231.85/ccc.html It is however worth noting that this is only a small fraction of the comments that were deleted. When I commented on the page before the comments were shut down there was about 15 comments, most of them in English criticising the talk. (Anyone mind specifying what they downvoted this for?) Not sure what LE is doing here unless this is operated by an org in one of the states where it's illegal to publish this data. e.g a Florida company publishing California voter records in Florida can't possibly be committing a crime. I don't see why FBI would get involved either, since there doesn't seem to be any federal crimes happening here. Do not confuse security vendors with snake oil vendors. None. grsecurity (Well, Open Source Security, Inc.) is a good example of an actual security vendor. Microsoft has by far the best AV product (from a code quality aspect, at the very least), but I'm not sure if it qualifies as a vendor in this context. After all, MSE is essentially free. You buy servers from multiple different companies, you install software on them. Openstack might allow you to do this. (I haven't used it myself.) Krebs talks about the supposed problem, but fails to point out a solution. Without knowledge based auth, what is PayPal supposed to say when someone calls them and says that they lost their phone and therefore access to their email and can't remember their password? Right now, to social engineer someones account (Like Krebs's in this case, I've personally listened to the call he's talking about here) you need almost all the information that's on the account already (besides payment history, which could be a big deal to someone I guess). A detail worth noting is that stealing someones PayPal account in this manner doesn't allow you to steal money from them. And when someone loses their credit card? And you usually only need the SSN and DoB of your target to get their full card # anyway. I fail to see how your story is at all similar to Brians. That's not even what happened, his account was only compromised once, he must've messed up something himself. I've listened to the calls made to PayPal by the attackers. Skype. This is somewhat relevant: https://i.imgur.com/Q6j2Jmp.png (inb4 yet another Krebs article complaining about me) That's not at all true, releasing=/=uncovering. What data do you have on your PayPal account that you're so worried about? https://i.imgur.com/Q6j2Jmp.png Heard of nullroutes? (Edit: how is it that perfectly valid technical solutions get downvoted?) >You can thank me by clicking the ad at the top of the page ;-) Not a good idea. No better way to make people migrate than breaking things. I hope facebook at least displays a big red constantly visible warning banner to those users. Because github can selectively own anyone that uses code downloaded from it, that's why. This is at least the fifth time I can count that linode has been hacked, really? Maybe it's time to ditch that coldfusion stack? Edit: 1.The bitcoin hacks, March 2012 2.HTP hack, April 15, 2013 (CF exploit) 3.Second HTP hack April 16, 2013 (Another CF exploit) 4.MySQL server that allowed anonymous logins (?!?!) January 19, 2014 5.This hack I'm not counting their domain name and various other parts of their infrastructure provided by third parties being compromised, but if I was the list would be significantly longer. >we're still doing routine audits of the existing stuff. This doesn't work, auditing coldfusion code is impossible without auditing the entire platform. The whole platform is so full of bugs and strange behaviour that it's actually impossible to produce secure coldfusion code. Actually the 2013 hack was caused by linode running blatantly misconfigured CF installations, like doing stuff that the manual has big warnings about. When did you start rewriting it? It doesn't take years to replace this stuff. We were aware of it for probably an year before anyone bothered to spend 10 minutes looking at coldfusion source. That's all the time it took. Nobody went to jail, I'm the only person being prosecuted. I won't go to jail. Interestingly, while I know for a fact that you're correct. When someone asked about this on #linode the ops immediate reaction was to deny it (as it was every other time they got hacked). alexf: any legitimacy to this https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10845619 ? naqod: again I'm not in ops so I don't have the deets, but my gut reaction is to say No effing Way You'd imagine that by now they wouldn't be so quick to deny this stuff. Double jeopardy, I was previously convicted of 50700 counts of unauthorized access to various coldfusion sites. Among those was linode. Yeah. Difficult question to answer. There was a complete lack of "technical" evidence against me (e.g .bash_history files, wiretaps). The only evidence the prosecution had against me were a list of compromised sites and several coldfusion 0days I had in my possession. They could never prove that I generated the list of compromised sites, but the judges felt that the possession of said list was enough evidence to convict me. We would've appealed but there was no point as the sentence was essentially nothing. https://blog.linode.com/2014/01/19/an-old-system-and-a-swat-... They try to downplay it pretty hard. I'd avoid VPS providers in general, but AWS is on a whole different level than linode. They actually understand what they're doing well enough to do live xen patching etc. But yeah, people get hacked through their hosts all the time. Best approach is colo with minimum access for the dc staff. Since I'm not really planning to look for a job, my main worry was potential visa issues. But I haven't had any troubles visiting the few countries I do need a visa for. They don't need to know the password with db write access. In fact, depending on how the sessions are managed the attacker might just need read access to log in without a password. Bitcoin. The server would in fact accept any credentials as it had been started with --skip-grant-tables. Tested it myself. Questionable. Diversification is pretty important if you want to keep any kind of currency for 50-60 years. Except passwords aren't even a relevant part of this breach. They're worth absolutely nothing compared to the ridiculous amounts of customer data linode controls. You don't really need to sign NDAs to read through java classes. It's really more of a question of whether or not it's wise to accept such payments. > he was facing a punishment that could have gone to literally millions of dollars in fines and up to 35 years in prison. This is really not how the court system works. Also, by killing himself before being sentenced he kind of ruined that argument anyway. Can you please explain why the Swartz case is a particularly good example of federal attorney misconduct? >It's not unreasonable to choose death over living under an unjust and corrupt regime, whose laws you don't agree with. In fact, there are many people in the world today who make that very choice. You know we have this thing called planes right? In no way was Aaron forced to stay in the US. And this is why we have lawyers. I've yet to see any good arguments for why this case stands out, other people have spent decades in prison due to prosecutorial misconduct. >he would be alive. How do you know? Aaron had been talking about suicide years before this, maybe we should just blame reddit? Edit: Why the downvotes? Fact is that we don't know why Aaron killed himself, but we do know that he had a prior history of depression and in 2007 posted what seemed very much like a suicide note. Frankly, making claims like "If x had (not) done y he'd still be alive" and presenting them as facts is straight up disgusting. >but were actually documents that should be in public domain. But they are? I used it a couple of hours ago, sci-hub.io No. Swartz killing himself absolutely does not make him a martyr. Martyr is someone who is killed for their beliefs. We don't know why Aaron killed himself, but I sure hope that he had a better reason than possibly spending a few months in prison. We really don't know how much of an effect MIT declaring that they don't want Swartz in prison would've had on his prosecution, speculating on that is rather pointless anyway since we never got to hear his sentence. I never made such a claim. I specifically brought up the previous depression to make clear that we really don't know what was going on his life and what ended up driving him over the edge. That's pretty much what they did, but Swartz didn't stop before they called the police. http://volokh.com/2013/01/14/aaron-swartz-charges/ is a good read btw. Your friend should probably look for an attorney then. >But they didn't lock the door. I hope you never forget to lock your doors. > They didn't stop guests from having unfettered access to JSTOR. They actively took steps to prevent Swartz from scraping it >They decided the best course of action was to send police after Swartz. Yes, for breaking and entering. Fuck MIT. >Eh...this wasn't a private residence but a building where the public had free access. And it's hard to argue that they "forgot to lock" the doors when they didn't bother locking them even after they realized Swartz was going in there. At that point they kind of needed to know WHY Swartz was going there. >For going in to an unlocked room in a public building. http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/01/13/article-0-16EA7DFB... He did feel it necessary to cover his face. But the people that run cryptostorm aren't very competent, see: https://cryptostorm.org/viewtopic.php?f=60&t=6792# Their twitter feed is also a goldmine. Well, PIA has completely neglected to acknowledge the fact that their entire customer db was compromised recently. I guess that sums up exactly how trustworthy they are. Not any public sources, but I've personally seen a copy of the database and know that PIA was using a ridiculously vulnerable version of Kayako Fusion at the time. Why? pfsense code quality isn't very good either, and if that's not where it defeats fortinet... then where? I was talking about code specific to the pfsense project, their PHP code looks like it was written in the 90s and has several greppable bugs. Isn't that a perfect example of a far too easy going legal system? None of the officers that murdered this man were prosecuted. Wait, what the fuck? Is this for real? Here's the sample code cloudflare posted: foo:~$ cat /usr/local/bin/pubkeygrab.sh #!/bin/sh USER=$1 /usr/sbin/unbound-host -v -D -t TXT ${USER}_pubkey.example.com \\ | /usr/bin/grep -v "no TXT record" \\ | /usr/bin/grep ' (secure)' \\ | /usr/bin/sed 's/.* "\(.*\)" (secure)/\1/' They aren't actually doing any authentication besides DNSSEC , giving the people managing the TLD and your registrar root access to your server doesn't seem like such a good idea. I seriously hope I'm missing something here, but with cloudflares security track record that seems pretty unlikely. Edit: Made the mistake of assuming that grep was actually supposed to do something here, it doesn't actually do anything at all. Possibly? Who knows? Parsers are complex and I doubt ffmpeg relies on file extensions to figure out the format. According to Theo, yes. This does not affect the sshd. Someone tweeted this, the roaming code doesn't seem to be very well managed: https://twitter.com/marver/status/687644904575627264 Edit 1: Here's some relevant commits too https://marc.info/?l=openbsd-cvs&m=145278217421101&w=2 Edit 2: This mailing list post seems to discuss the vulnerable feature http://www.gossamer-threads.com/lists/openssh/dev/49018?do=p... Edit 3: Got a better description of actual impact of the bugs: >Experimental roaming code in the ssh client could be tricked by a hostile sshd >server, potentially leaking key material. CVE-2016-077 and CVE-0216-078. >Prevent this problem immediately by adding the line "UseRoaming no" to >/etc/ssh/ssh_config. AFAIK the roaming feature has been disabled on the server side for a while, but mistakenly left enabled on the client. I'm just quoting OFFICIAL SOURCES here. Tested quickly, doesn't look like it. Host key checking happens before the roaming stuff. That doesn't mean it's limited to hostile honeypots, if it turns out that this is easily exploitable it'll be a complete shitstorm with sysadmins getting owned left and right with rootkits implementing automatic exploitation. That's not correct though, MITM cannot exploit this. A malicious SSH server can exploit this during a connection though, but only after host key verification. https://github.com/openssh/openssh-portable/blob/e6c85f8889c... Here you go Actually, I quickly generated a list of undocumented config options: http://sprunge.us/QDSE Edit: Fixed version http://sprunge.us/LVYB Weird, my manpages didn't get updated despite man claiming they did. Fixing that now. Edit: fixed, http://sprunge.us/LVYB Neither of those are mentioned on the latest manpage from git. I'm really curious as to how cameras are supposed to prevent a person from killing someone, unless they're doing it in some extremely impractical manner of course. Does the security need improving? FWIW both of the pools are essentially ran by the same people too. Yet, the markets are bigger than ever. Volumes are skyrocketing and prices for various substances are lower than in years (see acid). .onion markets are far from dead. One could theoretically perform a citizens arrest? Although, non-lethal force would be preferable here. If you're holding your savings in cash you're doing it wrong. Yeah, Hetzner also has this strange habit of spitting out SQL errors when you put apostrophes into forms on their website. I'd avoid them. SSH? It's worth noting that due to airline loyalty programs frequent flyers tend to have a far superior experience than the guy that only flies a couple of times a year. Next time call the airline to book your flight, they can definitely help you. That's not how you execute binaries, just "./cve_2016_0728 PP_KEY" is the correct syntax How exactly do they break the law? Huh? Who would the parents be liable to? What would they be liable for? Mojang ABs customers aren't magically going to become liable for their violations by using their software. Would it be shocking if the roles were reversed? There's just as many racist black people as there are racist white people. edit: Am I wrong? But that's not what she says, her problem isn't that she doesn't like Marvel Cinematic Universe but that she feels that she doesn't have much in common with people of other races. They aren't though. Color isn't the defining factor on what TV shows you get to watch. Yeah, but that's not related to the race aspect. Why bring up her race unless that's the reason for why they don't watch the same TV shows or read the same books? How does the color of the person affect this situation? 100K+ miles isn't that much if you fly frequently though, a plenty of people do multiple times that.