A few things: I believe your energy per year numbers are electric grid consumption. Steam cycle power plants make roughly 3x more thermal energy than their electrical output. Typically a "1 GW power plant" can produce up to 3 GW thermal power. Also current target fusion reactions are not based on the p-p chain. That is a much more difficult reaction to achieve. We're currently targeting D+T for first generation reactors. D+D is also very attractive because it is aneutronic and perhaps clever reactor design would allow for direct conversion of electricity. Energy in aneutronic fusion reactions is released as an acceleration of charged particles: a current. This current can be harvested through magnetic fields and thermal to electric efficiency can go up to 50% (maybe higher?). The actual details of this seem rather tricky since magnetic confinement devices are already tightly controlling the magnetic fields inside the reactor. It will be fun science and engineering for sure. There are a few other commonly examined reactions, such as p+B11, but they're likely not going to be made viable reactions for energy production before D+T. These other reactions are all easier to achieve (in terms of Lawson criterion) than the stellar proton fusion chain. I'll reuse your math with D+T=He-4+n and 3x energy production. (4380000 TWh / year) / 17.59 MeV / avogadro * 4.002602 g/mol = 41425784.21 kg / year (4380000 TWh / year) / 17.59 MeV / avogadro * 4.002602 g/mol / (0.1786 g / liter) = 231947280 m^3/year Hopefully there aren't any glaring errors here. More views would be appreciated. I think the largest issues here are: 1. as you acknowledged, the assumption that energy production would increase by tenfold 2. that all electrical energy produced would be made by fusion reactors By the time we get to a state where a serious percentage of energy production was from fusion power we would likely be looking into more aggressively into other reactions and designs. Even if we just said 30% of all energy used today was made from D+T fusion that would still be generating 10% of our current helium usage. That's a significant amount and a lot more than the 4 orders of magnitude that is oft cited online ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/12r2s7/helium_i... ). At a glance, it appears that the posts in this thread miscalculate how much fuel is necessary for a certain amount of energy. They glaze over that part of their calculations. I much prefer your dimensional analysis approach. For any readers looking for the same warm fuzzy I have, you can paste this into wolframalpha and actually get a rate of helium production over time. https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i= (.3+ +438000+TWh+%2F+year)+%2F+(17.59+MeV)+%2F+(avogadro%27s+number+1%2Fmol)+ +(4.002602+g%2Fmol) (.3 * 438000 TWh / year) / (17.59 MeV) / (avogadro's number 1/mol) * (4.002602 g/mol) I think most of the people finding themselves here would be in the “I wait on my computer several times a day” category. Data science and local compilation will see benefits for any amount of core scaling. One could argue all of this could be done on a server using a remote terminal, but that isn’t how many workflows are set up. Oh I see. My reference for energy consumption is wikipedia. When I was trying to dig for the primary source yesterday I found the link was dead and the equivalent live location of it (IEA key world energy statistics) was behind a paywall. I didn't expect such a large discrepancy between the wikipedia reference and other sources. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_energy_consumption Should a nonexistent energy storage mechanism be considered realistic? One could argue that it's harder to make an institution that has the power to access secured devices behave than it is to change society to have fewer mass murderers. To quote the onion: ‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens If I were a large entity trying to secretly access a device I think I would keep it in a Faraday cage. I found the studies that this video (17:15) uses to establis a real world DRAM BER. https://tezzaron.com/media/soft_errors_1_1_secure.pdf https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~bianca/papers/sigmetrics09.pdf You’ll note that the papers were published in 2004 and 2009, respectively. Here is a paper from 2015 that paints a more accurate picture of hardware used today. https://www.cs.virginia.edu/~gurumurthi/papers/asplos15.pdf Apparently these studies have strange ways to present data and do not give straight “BER per bit per second”, which I would think is the most useful metric. Without spending all day learning the jargon of this specific field, I think I can conclude, at a glance, that DDR4 has a lower BER than DDR3. The numbers matter, and I don’t know how serious of an issue it is currently. Without that knowledge its impossible to speak on the efficacy of more proliferated ECC in DRAM. That is called the anthropic principle. The universe doesn't owe its self-aware passengers any answers. It just is. It's up to us to characterize it, and following logical paths that require baseless assumptions such as "beginnings" and reasons for relative constants are not fruitful. You could give up when it gets hard and just say "the reason the relative constants are what they are is magic" (see: god of the gaps). That doesn't change the fact that there is a deeper connection there that a more complete model would explain the constants. Is 9.81 m/s^2 a constant of the universe? We have are empirical constants that fit into our mathematical models. There is more work to be done. This was my first thought too. The story in the Deus Ex video game series is starting to seem less ridiculous and impromptu, and more like a piece of prophetic media. This "suicide" is as believable as a "Russian reporter falling on a knife 26 times". Even then they would only be getting another little guy, and not the malicious party. Being able to do your job is always the number 1 requirement of doing your job. Being able to communicate and think critically are nice-to-haves. A data scientist who doesn't know data science is useless. You’re implying that the people should just lay down and take it? They are risking their lives for their principles and they are doing it the right way. What could force possibly accomplish? Do you think an economy would operate after you massacre thousands? Do you think people would show up to work? They could sack the city, guaranteeing no money would come out of it. If it’s profit they want then they will need to bend, not break. Why would mainland China do anything? They have complete control over HK and plan on doing what they did in 2014: waiting. In the default case they win and they know it. If everyone in HK knows this too and wants change the protests will continue to grow in size until mainland China has to come to the table. Edit: also proposing that anything other than believing a stretch conspiracy qualifies as “naiveté” is a waste of typing. People will come to their own conclusions, as you clearly have. People who make the rules aren’t going to want to change the status quo. Getting money out of politics is hard and I would argue it would be hard to treat it as the first step. Removing the two party system is an attainable goal prior to removing money from politics. Those in control could believe it is acceptable to have the will of the people more accurately represented through a majoritarian voting system. Entropy! If you are familiar with programming I suggest doing the following experiment: 1. make an image of one solid color 2. make another image of the same size that with each pixel being a random RGB value 3. losslessly compress both images any way you can 4. compare the compressed file sizes to the uncompressed bitmap file size Make sure to make a hypothesis before the experiment! To dig a little deeper on this: all subsequences are equally probable in a random sequence. The full implications of that requires a bit more playing around and reading. I think if you explore it you’ll find that there is an intuition that can be built up. I don’t speak for the people of Hong Kong, but I could imagine many people caring deeply about a place that is considered home, with a specific culture and set of people. This reminds me of the bit that mentions that St. Peter has a list of questions he asks people at the Pearly gates. Among them he asks, “Did you have a vanity plate?” Why not use RDRAND? Also you can always choose well-established, arbitrarily complex psuedo random algorithms. If you want to guarantee low correlation you could use PRBS (whatever shift amount you need, 31 may be enough for most scenarios) with the same shift register values and seeds that are maximally equidistant. Or as they call it in the biz: sample without replacement. This is neat, but I wonder: are there path optimization tools? For instance: flattening, removal of entirely occluded paths, and combination of paths. SVG optimization seems like a good choice for delivery, but oftentimes I find myself using SVG in a development context. Having human readable, annotated SVG files is useful when looking through previous revisions. In terms of compressed filesize: there's no serious practical gain. The use of the word “novel” in contexts like these is a pet peeve of mine. It seems to be used solely for making an idea sound good regardless of merit. Yes, there is value in signaling originality, but the tone feels self congratulatory. Perhaps this is just a product of my experiences in academia, where the use of the word “novel” seemed like a goal. Subjectively, temporal interpolation looks rather bizarre. I’m all in favor of using advanced upscaling techniques to recover lost information, but temporal interpolation adds information in that the artist never intended. I think the best approach is to have the display refresh rate be an integer multiple of the source content frame rate and duplicate frames. Running machines with known remote execution exploits would need airgaps. It’s a lot to ask. If secure boot isn’t designed to defend against hardware attacks then why is their such emphasis on security? Does this long, complicated boot procedure somehow protect against remote motherboard firmware loading? Being careful isn’t a bad thing. Whenever sensitive information is involved I google the company to make sure the phone number is actually correct and if it’s a proper employee of the company I will find their listing. If their voice sounds like it doesn’t match their photo to a large degree or I can’t find the employee I will be very apprehensive about giving information and will ask them some questions. If it’s a con they usually give up quick and move onto the next one. I’m pretty sure they roll their own. I would be surprised if simulation tools were not the most well guarded secrets of these companies. I’m no geologist, but I’d be rather surprised to hear of a volcano that spits large volumes of material out at thousands of feet per second (delta-V necessary to transition from a lunar orbit to Earth). I would think it’s more likely that if there was a correlation between a large impact on Earth and seismic activity on the moon it would be Earth’s seismic activity that had a larger influence on the moon. Again, not in the field so take this all with salt. Why is Taipei not on this list? There are 13,000 cameras [1] for 2.7 million people [2]. 1. http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/taiwan/archives/2011/04/08/2... 2. http://worldpopulationreview.com/world-cities/taipei-populat... With military receivers (or codeless phase tracking) the current constellation is good down to centimeters. This seems rather counter to what I know about GPS. It is a one way link. Correct, if only L1 is used. However as GPS exists today receivers can track phase variations between L1 and L2 without the codes necessary to decode the signal on L2. Subjectively, I went with plasma over other choices for my thesis (which I successfully defended yesterday!). I have used jet for many years for electrical test and measurement reports. For scientific writing, I felt there was a lot of value in colormaps that don't rely on chroma. I wish there was a jet-like colormap that used the entire color spectrum, but also was constantly increasing in brightness. I’m no artist but making games seems fun so I’ve been dabbling. I make vector art, and write scripts to make raster animations at low resolution. This isn’t terribly different than how some of the more beloved 16 bit styles were made. I just haven’t moved into 3D modeling (and I’m also a bad artist). Not everything has to be intricately hand drawn to look good, and even elicit nostalgia. Art is not functional. All things you listed are things no one is bringing back. If linen became obsolete hundreds of years ago why do people still wear it? As someone who has been working with IEEE 802.3 (a standard longer than 5000 pages) for the past four years I can tell you for every spec there are at least hundreds of people who understand the intricate details. Even if a mathematical definition of a sandwich is presented, it is very unlikely to have majority support in localities of any size (down to two individuals). 103 comments and not one mention of line coding! This distance metric is exceptionally useful when picking the states to map to in line codes with error correction/detection. Then subs are tacos and not sandwiches? I would disagree. The definition I like for sandwich is “A set of materials in the configuration ABA, mated along their longest side”. It holds up in contexts outside of food, that the word “sandwich” is sometimes used in, and is valid in dimensionalities other than 3. The sub issue remains though. Semantically, it could be argued that subs are sandwiches that have not had their end fully cut. Ah, the ever present fear of non-ionizing radiation. What appears to have happened is the Chicago Tribune decided to not follow the test definition in order to make the testing more accurate, but not adjust the limit accordingly. They don’t have the authority to change the test procedure or the limit so it doesn’t matter. By inverse square law the limit can be extrapolated to more realistic distances. However the FCC cellphone exposure limit is laughably low compared to when non-ionizing radiation has been shown to cause health effects [1]. Is it reasonable to make legislation around an extrapolation of a fear that is not based on any scientific model? It’s always nice to see reporters go the extra mile to stoke public fears of the boogeyman. 1. https://www.cdc.gov/niosh/topics/emf/#rffields Importantly, the only model that shows health effects from non-ionizing radiation is from heating. When we start hearing reports of users being burned by their battery operated devices, then we should sit up in our seats. Until then, it’s fear-mongering for clicks. Yes of course. Microwave ovens run at 2.4 GHz, and cell phones typically operate in the 700 to 1400 MHz range, so it's fair to compare microwave ovens to cell phones. The largest difference between the two is power. Power density is key. Why cellphone radiation gets a lot of attention is because the distance is so low compared to other radiation sources. However your body tells you if it's over the limit. Cell phones aren't burning users. For every study that finds a link between exposure to low levels of non-ionizing radiation and cancer in humans there is at least one that finds such a link does not exist. Comparing the power density in the microwave spectrum of phones to the sun is reasonable. Should there be recommendations that people stay indoors because of the adverse health risks associated from non-ionizing microwave radiation from the sun? And if they spoof to be someone on your contact list? The solution needs to come in the form of a crackdown by providers, which is what we’re seeing after a long wait. And if they spoof a number that’s on your contacts list? A false sense of security is not the same thing as security. The solution is action by the network providers. I’m still only a few pages in. I don’t have the chance to read it all right now, but I will revisit this tomorrow morning. Here are my early thoughts. Disclaimer: I am an advocate of fusion and am moving into the field (professional electrical engineering support of an academic project). We need to walk before we can run. D+T fusion is viable. Hull maintenance is a solvable problem. Economic studies come after we can walk. Similarly, actually realizable designs that can reach Lawson performance necessary for p+B11 won’t come before designs that can reach D+T are made. There are compelling narratives around funding, but ultimately it seems they are simultaneously overly optimistic about our technical advancement and overly jaded about future prospects. It’s important to note that there is no difference in a reactor design capable of different fusion fuels, other than its Lawson performance. You can fuse D+T just the same as p+B11 if your device is capable of p+B11. There is not magical jump in performance we can make. So why skip over D+T if we need to go through it anyway? If D+T is found to truly not be economically viable (which sounds inherently flawed, since prices go down as technology becomes more advanced) then we could still pursue confinement devices in the hopes of reaching more advanced fuels. Tokamaks may not even be viable for steady state D+T. The bootstrap current effect still needs to be explored further. Electrostatic confinement and inertial confinement are the only known viable options for p+B11. Electrostatic has serious issues related to conduction losses, but perhaps if they were large enough scaling laws may make them viable. It’s not well explored. Inertial confinement is getting a lot of funding and shows serious promise. However, inertial confinement is not a steady state design and its pulsed nature makes it difficult to make a power plant out of. No such engineering cliffs exist for tokamaks and stellarators. The performance just needs to keep marching towards success. Then the discussion of economics can begin in earnest. So I’m a few pages further and I fear I will not be finishing this paper. I am surprised it was published and is still referenced. Where are the citations? Where is the analysis? You can’t just say “fusion reactors need to be ten times bigger than fission reactors”. It’s frankly embarrassing to MIT that they would allow egregious, unfounded claims to be published. Peer review exists to shred such unsupported statements. My outrage is from making scientific conclusions before the science has been done. A hard justification of power density limitations And it’s economic meaning is necessary before you can make a blanket statement like “D+T magnetic confinement will never be economically viable”. The price of electricity is always changing, and public opinion is shifting towards the idea that we have been grossly underpaying for our electricity. Even if the point of power density is conceded, the work necessary for economic analysis has not been done anywhere I have looked. If you would focus on my points, and not try to project some psychological model on someone you’re having a conversation with (a proper dick move, you won’t make friends that way), then you wouldn’t be pointing at papers talking about power density. Where is the cost analysis that prices future fusion plants out of reasonability? Where is the cost analysis that takes the hidden cost of CO2 emission into account? What is the societal value of producing an on demand energy source that lasts millions of years, rather than hundreds? The burden is not on me to find these answers, because I did not make cavalier statements that will be discussed 40 years later. Unchecked publications are why I became heated, not the content. There would be little benefit. ITER was delayed by 20 years due to a drop of funding, so most of the primary issues to address have been put on hold. The plasma physics and machine design has seen progress, but no one has claimed that wouldn’t be the case. W7-X’s success has shifted some more funding into stellarators, but outside of that not much has changed in the landscape in the past 20 years. YCBO is still prohibitively expensive and fragile, but the use of high temperature superconductors with high critical currents would increase confinement time by a large amount. Math is fun. Why do people play frisbee? Let’s not let this fact lower how much we value information. You can have knowledge without understanding, but you cannot have understanding without knowledge. The amount of delta-V required to orbit opposite of Earth's rotation is immense and very few projects have wasted the resources on it. I think most collision concerns come from inclinations and changing orbital altitude due to atmospheric drag. These are predictable effects, but it gets dicey quickly if your surface area increases because your vessel explodes. I hope we get the GPS III constellation up and running before any catastrophic LEO cascades. Having a self sustaining common clock system that can run for centuries has a very high scientific value (and really, just a huge value for any industrial, commercial, and consumer applications). Using this I just learned that Beidou's orbit is geosynchronous with a high inclination. That's a lot of delta-V! LEO cascades would affect our ability to launch anything into orbit. I was told by someone who follows theses things more closely than me that block III GPS would have an inter satellite network that could share clock information independently of ground control. While looking into it the closest I could find was references to OCX, which is ground based controls. So maybe we're not there yet idk. pokered and its derivatives have been on github for many years. As long as it stays to a small scope Nintendo seems content to let these small projects be. That could change at any second though. Clone while you can. Wow. This is so far up my alley that my masters thesis was on implementing testing from 802.3bj and I have made passive microstrip filters in a class. It’s cool that he simulated the eye diagrams, and getting your hands on a real transmitter is not easy, but I think it ends up being a little too optimistic. I don’t think this is meant to demonstrate a real world channel or else he could have just pulled IL and RL limits from various specs. Really cool stuff though. Empirically, it boils down permittivity and conductance of the material. I am not familiar with the physical factors that influence that. For real applications there are other important factors too though. If your substrate gets moldy in a week then it would be hard to package and sell it to a customer. Certainly. Those parameters and the geometry they're in can be distilled into impedance (see: S-parameters). The larger the difference in impedance, the less power gets through (see: return loss). For microwave ovens you only really care about material properties at 2.4 GHz, since that is where the power is. I'm under the impression this was chosen because water has a resonance at this frequency, and absorbs a lot of power. The term "critical current" is often used for the current that generates the maximum magnetic field a superconductor of a given size/geometry can sustain. In practice the actual maximum current before quench is much lower (orders of magnitudes in some cases, I've heard) due to imperfections in metallic lattices. This [1] is worth a few listens. 1. https://omegataupodcast.net/285-superconductivity/ A serious and legitimate gripe with windows is how messy it is to automate things. It's hard to look at the command prompt the same way I look at bash. I resort to almost anything other than batch when I can. Oh? I assume you have a source to back that up. All accounts I’ve seen (wikipedia and the timeline on iter’s website) show that it is due to global politics, namely due to the US’s withdrawal (which was not motivated by finances). You seem like you have a strong narrative you’re sticking to. Is there something you’d like to disclose? That’s a retrospective look. That was not what happened in the early 2000s and is not why ITER stalled. ITER stalled because the US pulled out. You can’t change history to fit a narrative. What makes it a rumor? In the video Scott states that the “cost saving measure” of reducing the target mirror diameter down to 2.4m was to use the same manufacturing as these exact spy satellites. If it’s consistently losing or gaining time you can adjust the regulator pretty easily. If it’s random then minimizing thermal cycles helps. I don’t see watches as very functional compared to smartphones. Mechanical movements have a lot of charm though. I like TDRs and they have a lot of uses in characterizing channels (especially with time gating). I think you could get away with much less expensive and much more friendly hardware in this case, since all you need is RL or VSWR. How do I get control back of an account that I lost control of years ago? During the compromise, changing my password did not remove the ability for others to use the account so I shut down the account. It was reactivated by not me and not my recovery info is currently on the account, still with access to all of my contacts and the ability to send emails as me. I have never been able to fix this. Yahoo is completely useless in this regard. This is so illegal it’s basically blatant gimme for the tech companies to have cool PR by sticking their finger up to the man. This story has come up twice a year for the past five years. The 14th amendment. The judicial system has consistently ruled that the government cannot make lists of potential criminals without due process. One thing to note about America’s “small scale nuclear” is that it produces more energy than France’s “large scale nuclear”. Are you sure? I haven’t seen a windows calculator that didn’t have that feature since before I learned trig. Were you using the scientific calculator layout and the shift/2nd key? I’ve used both android (2010-2015) and iphone (2015-2019) and I have to say, android has higher quality apps. Apple’s walled garden is not preventing low effort, low quality apps from flooding the store. The more restrictive userspace APIs really hurt a lot of useful functionality and having to pay upfront to develop, let alone distribute apps deters many excellent softwares (talk to someone else about the wonders of FOSS). I would say you have to be more careful with android, but I’m not sure that’s really the case since apple store apps are very often “dangerous”. I’ve been of this thinking for a while, but have read that small scale carbon tax tests have not yielded positive results. I still don’t understand how that could be, but I’m not a macroeconomics expert. Everyone wants another DX game except for the people writing the checks. https://wegotthiscovered.com/gaming/deus-mankind-divided-can... (skip to the bottom) https://www.vg247.com/2019/07/29/deus-ex-mankind-divided-seq... LaTeX is really great. My CV is a 7 kB file with embedded fonts. My thesis is 1.2 MB with embedded fonts, 60 vector images and hyperlinks (references and ToC). LaTex is a serious amount of labor but it makes the best documents. Now this is slick. I don’t think sensor fusion is a large focus for apple, judging from their lack of talking points on it. I would think with the resources to make their own ISP they could do some serious information theory work and put out photos that look far better than what smartphones do today. I originally figured that this low hanging fruit would be immediately exploited by phone manufacturers putting multiple camera sensors on a single phone, but I think that may be a little too optimistic and its something we’ll have to wait another few years to see. Judging from other responses here I am in the minority, but I like the camera bump design. The triangular geometry makes sense if you want to have all sensors equidistant to a central point. This also may result in some simplifications (or even optimizations) in sensor fusion algorithms. Putting three cameras in a line makes less sense to me. An intern’s Unity project presented by a carnival barker who speaks to the audience like their average age is four years old is not a large step out of line of Konami’s expected behavior. If there’s “more capacity” in the same volume it is almost certainly a lie. And sellers that lie may cut corners in other areas. And lithium ion batteries can explode. That’s too bad. It looks like this is an area ripe for some academic work. The math is all already established and the models would not be intense to develop but would provide large payoffs. It’s a much lighter version of interferometry. I don’t see why this isn’t a more hotly discussed topic. It’s good that they link to 3brown1blue’s video as well. I was already decently well learned in DSP and information theory before I saw that video and it still managed to teach me a very unique perspective on the fourier transform. These visualizations are very useful for those without an intuition built up. This is the exact way to think about things if you need to work in the frequency domain. I do wish they mentioned phase. It’s always glossed over when teaching the fourier transform but is incredibly essential to describing a coherent signal. The game didn’t feel like a grind until about a thousand hours in, when I quit. Up until then it was a fun series of learning curves and minmaxing builds. It’s a grind from day 1 if the gameplay doesn’t interest you. Feeling the same about the 256GB 11 pro max. The 6S is getting long in the tooth and my phone is the single most used device I have. If I can swallow a $1300 laptop upgrade every 4 years then I can do the same for my phone. I’m pretty sure you can’t do a backup/restore on windows over wi-fi. Flagship smartphones have moved onto three sensors without much talk of image fusion. If image fusion was implemented I think it would be discussed by the manufacturers. It’s possible for third party apps to do some of their own image fusion work, but I’m not aware of any. Is this the killer app of multi-camera smartphones that no one wants? Or a gyrotron if you eat really big hot pockets. Then you may find that battery research and development is pretty surprising. Hong Kong's long term independence is uncertain at best. A company cannot just be "publicly listed" if in the PRC. I wonder if there is a Future Circular Collider that could help expand the standard model into this regime. I would argue it is an island of stability in that it only requires a small perturbation to become unstable. Does the magnitude of the field wave drop at some fixed shape (like an exponential)? Is the wavelength fixed? Is it in meters? Is it the field of a proton made up of multiple frequencies/modes? Is a proton’s influence on fields extend to all space or is there a point (within the hubble sphere) at which a proton does not influence fields at all? I think DNA has semiconductors beat on average information density though. A tube of DNA can contain a datacenter’s worth of information. Read times are abysmal and error rate is through the roof, but it’s relatively stable on the order of hundreds of years. If the demand was high enough I bet there would already be profitable companies pursuing it. I do see it as a potential market though. It’s no fun having a cold storage archive that needs constant hardware replacements. I would imagine reading would be done in a similar way as it is today: amplification and sequencing. Data would have to be given a hefty amount of data correction. There are no apparent show stoppers that I’m aware of, just not enough interest. Read in the voice of Michael Bolton from Office Space: So it’s like Batman Begins? In fairness the latency of an amplifier with no filtering is less than 10 microseconds. Coherency between the amplified and unamplified signal is preserved. I’ve done some personal work on custom IEMs with ANC and the lowest latency controller I could find was the teensy. Even in the fastest round trip time you would be adding 5-10 ms of latency. Speed of sound / 16 kHz = 2 cm. A whole cycle at 2cm. If you want coherent wavefronts then low latency is essential. If the latency is fixed and less than the distance between the speaker and the eardrum (very short) then you can do some DSP tricks to fix up destructive interference. JohnCenaAreYouSureAboutThat.avi Renewable is a soft definition, however all things considered “renewable” are based off of solar, geothermal, or tidal power. Fission fuels are only generated as endothermic nuclear reactions in violent cosmic events, of which there are none on our schedule. How would we go about finding more fission material once we’ve burned it all up into stable isotopes? “Renewable” is best defined as “useable power that is isn’t non-renewable”. “Non-renewable” is easier to define, since it involves a very clear, short term, one way reaction. Also on fossil fuels: they stopped being generated millions of years ago, so, no, they are not renewable currently. Supreme commander was the first RTS I really sunk my teeth into. Planetary Annihilation is an excellent spiritual successor and still gets updates. You should look into Planetary Annihilation if you haven’t already. This is pretty cool. Did they fix issues that caused games to crash after a few hours? Even loading up the state of a game that had been long would cause it to crash again. My guess is a memory leak. This sounds similar to Atlassian’s Jira/Bitbucket integration without the jira. The black market will inly grow when the substance is outlawed. These bans are effectively deregulating and needlessly endangering constituents. Would you also fire yourself? Conservative management. What happens to those who don’t swim? I did this in emag instead of bothering with the grad, curl, laplacian, and spherical coordinate conversion by hand. I did them by hand in vector calc. All I’d be doing by doing it by hand is introducing room for error. It’s a UI like any other. After many years of work on my TI-84, it’s still the fastest way for me to perform arithmetic and medium complexity evaluations. Anything heftier and I go to wolfram, matlab, or pen and paper. In fairness, $1 for a podcast episode is egregious. Almost no one would pay that. Piracy has gone down a lot in the past 15 years because content owners made reasonable decisions. It’s a market thing. A few are willing to pay more and not everyone has to pay. As soon as everyone has to pay the price becomes very important and it should be reasonable for the content. If a podcast that takes 40 man hours a month to produce and has 10,000 listeners and charged $1 per episode... idk it doesn’t add up to me. I’m not sure if you’re sarcastic but I would much prefer $0.37 to credit monitoring. Yahoo is a scam in its entirety. Even their support page feels like it exists to funnel personal information to spam databases. I’d like to add onto your list: * PCBs can act as integrated antennas. * PCBs can easily mount connectors. Resistive losses are that high? The signal integrity issues are going to cause unacceptably high error rates. It’s a valid complaint. I haven’t used android in 5 years and I still miss tasker. It’s the kind of basic, important tool that any personal device should have. It isn’t difficult to implement well. There really isn’t a good excuse that it took so long and it is nice to finally have. Every “reason” why it took so long is simply someone imposing their personal opinions onto a wide range of users. I think more practical concerns are cases of forced seizure by the government. The easier it is to access private data against someone’s will, the more often it will happen. I worked in fake agile for a few years. It took me a while to place my finger on why I never really loved everything about it, but I eventually decided that it felt like it was a façade to a management power grab. It gave the ability to micro manage workers to those who don’t understand the problems or even the product. If agile is necessary to be productive then you already have too many people involved. If it isn’t necessary then it introduces a lot of overhead for a little bit of book keeping (which isn’t inherently bad). I noticed this while looking through comments while they were still taking submissions. I was outraged. I told everyone I knew who cared. I can’t understand how this story isn’t bigger. I would be much happier if at the time there was a counter force to spam submissions of the opposite opinion and at least make it abundantly clear that the whole thing was a farce. It’s wild that the FCC chair had the gaul to claim the public was against net neutrality from these submissions. Yes. A whole 0.3% of the non bot submissions said that. There are two legitimate sides to this, it’s just that the overwhelming majority of the public is in favor of one. Representative democracy failed here. If you trust (laughs in credit card thief) the developer, a program called alt store recently made tethered side loading easy. It doesn’t require xcode, a developer account, or a mac. The app is signed by the iPhone. It’s more convoluted than it needs to be but as it stands right now things are in a better state. It remains to be seen if Apple will crush this, as they do many nice things. An interesting side effect of the new safety regulations for cars is that their weight has increased. A base VW golf weighs 3,000 pounds and has huge blindspots where the roll-over-ready columns are. The safety regulations only maximize safety for drivers in the event of an accident. They do nothing to minimize the chance of accidents or the deadlines of accidents to pedestrians. Science lagged legislation. It isn’t a simple matter of making a number bigger. The size and cost goes up exponentially. There are potential new particles that can be teased out of 100 TeV. Some important particles aren’t expected to be seen in colliders smaller than a thousand light years. The omega tau podcast had an interesting episode on this. https://omegataupodcast.net/231-the-future-circular-collider... There is also an interesting episode on mega projects in general. https://omegataupodcast.net/181-why-megaprojects-fail-and-wh... Human languages have a lot of error correction built into them. Lempel Ziv gets pretty close to perfect compression for most types of data. If you put the ASCII plaintext of almost any book into a zip file the compression ratio would be >20. Almost all data sent electronically is first compressed until it is at entropy and then put into error correcting and line codes to handle channel imperfections. Language isn't wasteful. All of that extra information allows for error correction. You can infer what *r* **u *k**? means. Longer messages can be easier to decode, for similar reasons stated above in this thread. A lot of information is contained in the language outside of the character set, which is necessary for decoding. It asks a lot of the decoder to know everything necessary, but allows for relatively robust communication. They aren’t indecipherable though. Context is inseparable from language. How many three letter words begin with “A”, followed by three letter words that begin with “y”, followed by four letter words that have a “k” in them? This is all well described in information theory and the redundancy of language is not invalid because I picked an obvious example. Language has evolved to be efficient though. If you try to send more information than a channel can handle (ie violate Shannon’s limit) you will not send the message across. Life is noisy. Just because language is inefficient in a quiet room doesn’t mean it isn’t useful to be able to communicate on a windy day. It’s possible that with the emergence of text based conversations and more quiet rooms that language is evolving to be less felt tolerant and more (what you would call) “efficient”. Elements of Information Theory (2e), Cover. Section 6.4. I also suggest following the authors suggested reading at the end of the section. Also there is a difference between having information and having perfect information. English can’t guarantee perfect information of arbitrary statements with 2/3 loss. They are doing well. As would almost any nation that had enormous wealth from being a tax haven. They profit off of the work of others, as any wealthy nation does today, but they go farther than others. The irony of using a shortened link in a comment on cyber security. If it’s such an issue then surely a larger federal government is the solution. Parrots aren’t a perfect equivalent because there is a real intelligence behind the sounds that is communicating. Parrots don’t know english, but they learn tones and respond to them. I’m not sure Tay was anything other than a simple state machine. Well, sort of. Fusion in thermonuclear bombs is primarily used as a neutron source, rather than as a significant percentage of the yield. If you want more yield then you want more fission, which needs more neutrons. You could have many fission-fusion stages stacked matroska style to make an arbitrarily large yield thermonuclear bomb. See: doomsday weapons. Also see: Edward Teller. Ah. Good ole PACER. There is a good reason that magnetic confinement devices are the cutting edge of fusion energy research; and no, it isn’t tribalism. I think Apple culture is to treat employees like customers. That is to say, like they’re 4 years old and need to accept what they’re told. They may be referring to W7-X. The lower the aspect ratio of stellarators, the larger the major radius is. This makes a bigger, more expensive machine, but really blows the doors wide open on the largest engineering challenges (high neutron flux, high heat flux materials). Incorrect. The experiments, largely, are not failures. The confinement devices are made to perform science. A fusion reactor power plant is expensive and it is much cheaper to design a reactor that works then to make a bunch of full-scale reactors that don’t. Also finding 10 billion dollars is hard. Most of these devices use hydrogren most of the time, meaning the cross section of fusion even in high temperatures and densities will be low. If the goal of these devices was fusion energy they would all be using deuterium, at the very least. The fields of plasma physics and materials have progressed to the point where a future reactor likely wouldn’t be a failure. Just look at W7-X and (in 10 years) ITER. Q=10 operation will likely be a very stressful test on ITER and it will likely only happen towards the end of its life (2035). Q=1 shots should be pretty early into tritium operation. I have worked with it a bit in my time in physical layer test and measurement. I’ll cover some quick basics then explain why chirp z is useful. Ohm’s law: voltage = current * resistance. Resistance is considered a steady state value. Impedance is resistance across frequency. In the real world channels (cables, the air, etc.) do not have a flat impedance (the same resistance across all frequencies). Similarly, transmitters and receivers do not have flat resistance. If you try to send a signal through a channel that has too much insertion loss, then the receiver won’t be able to decode it. If the impedance of a transmitter/receiver is different than the channel there will be reflections that damage signal integrity (there are good/easy physical analogs to explain this, but I won’t. Think back to waves in physics class). We can measure impedance over frequency directly using a vector network analyzer (VNA) or a time domain reflectometer (TDR). A VNA sweeps across frequencies and listens to the response. A TDR sends a pulse then waits for the response at a given delay. It sends many pulses and looks at many delays to build up an impedance over time plot. This impedance over time is very useful because it can show jumps in impedance at given electrical lengths. Like you can see impedance jump at 30 ns in where you expect to have the connector soldered to board, etc. However, TDRs compared to VNAs, are expensive, difficult to calibrate, and take data very slowly. So the industry has moved towards VNAs. However standards bodies (like the IEEE) are starting to appreciate the use of time domain impedance. Now to why chirp z is useful. You can reversibly convert from the time domain to the frequency domain using a fourier transform. Great. You just have to assume that your signal repeats for all time. Hmm. Zero pad and don’t worry about it. What do we not get from this assumption though? Low frequency information. So let’s start with a frequency domain data set (a la VNA) and convert to the time domain. Well that missing low frequency information is very important. You can extrapolate the missing values. The error in the extrapolation will shift your entire impedance profile by huge amounts. In comes chirp z. It is able to handle the missing spectrum much better than the fourier transform. To summarize: validating new hardware before mass production requires impedance measurement. Impedance measurement has two instrument options with large tradeoffs. Advancements in the chirp z algorithm reduce the penalties of one of those options. When flash was dominant there was an abundance of vector animations. There isn’t a technical reason this couldn’t still be the case, however we’re in the graphics dark ages right now. Everything is a raster. Everything that isn’t is static or on a very light fixed loop that takes an absurd amount of resources to animate. This happened to me too for a $100 textbook. It took me weeks but I got my money back and emailed the details to the publisher. “And now for my next trick I shall pass a Turing test!” Outside of a blip in CO2 emissions and soil nitrogen, and a dramatic decrease in biodiversity, we will leave almost no trace if we disappeared tonight. https://youtu.be/8xDK2LgSeyk Old school tech is ridiculously easy to hack. New tech is much more hardened. The only advantage old tech has is that it doesn’t have peripherals that connect to the internet. At the end of the day the most secure computer is a new one, that isn’t on the internet, and is physically secure. So its either have an old system that is trivially compromised or have a new system that has the potential of having an unknown backdoor. Double ovenized crystal oscillators have lower phase noise (short term variations) than rubidium standard oscillators. Atomic oscillators are ridiculously cool and it's quite surprising to me that they perform worse in phase noise than a mechanical system that is thousands of times larger. The best explanation I've heard is that the signal that comes out of the physics package is a weakly modulated light source that has a (relatively) low SNR. This isn't a big deal because that signal is used to discipline a series of other oscillators. If each of those disciplined oscillators were very low phase noise you'd probably have a very nice rubidium standard, though you'd be paying many thousand dollars. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymV9LwhD0W0 In my last days at a test lab I examined the effect of an external reference clock on jitter noise floor measurements. It was a new BERT (1 year old) and an equivalent time oscilloscope that had not been serviced in 4 years. The external clock was a NIST TMAS rubidium standard. The measured jitter was lowest when using the instrument internal oscillators, implying the instruments have pretty excellent oscillators (no surprise) and that the effect of aging/lack of calibration had not been a serious issue. There is also the possibility that the external clock training circuits were not as nice as the internal clock training circuits. Information is not infinitely compressible. In fact, for lossless compression, it’s proven that we can’t do much better than we already do. At some point you just need more storage. However we are several orders of magnitude away from the physical information density limit (surface of a black hole). No information we capture has infinite precision anyway, so fractal based compression falls under lossy compression. It is a much more complicated task to identify fundamental limits on lossy compression performance and an even harder task to have a collective agreement on "good enough" for a given purpose. This looks like the same framework as a recent reactor idler I player recently. I think it is the same dev. It was horribly time gated and had a scummy practice of offering the player to “buy fast ticks” and then balanced the game around it. I like reactor games (and am working on one, praised be to ic2 and gregtech) so I played it, but I cheated in infinite fast ticks. Even then the game took me weeks of open browser time and CPU load to get to the end. Reactor games have inherent metagame difficulties to overcome and this dev exploited them to make money. I am not a fan of them. You could always check out gregtech :^) Gregtech new horizons is the only bastion of the industrial vision, but unfortunately the eccentric devs focus a bit too much on manual gatey things. Most of my enjoyment of factorio has been watching the factories of other people. I have been playing industrial games for ten years and I still stumble through the game that’s primarily based around discovery. Seeing what thousands of hours can accomplish is inspirational. The factorio devs have weekly writeups of this caliber. They’re great reads if you like the idea of making games. They’re a small class of game where you have a 2D cartesian grid where you can place heat sources, heat spreaders, and heat dissipators. The goal is to maximize heat production without melting down. The first instance I know of such a game is industrialCraft2’s nuclear reactor. You can play with it here. https://github.com/MauveCloud/Ic2ExpReactorPlanner/releases Nuclear reactors are fun because fuel cells are also neutron sources, so their heat output increases if you place them adjacent to each other. The allure of these games, to me, is a geometry playground where you can make your number bigger if you do a little mental math. The 2D grid nature limits complexity if you have simple rules and components, so the solution is to have more rules and components. ;) I know a fair bit about the tool set of these games just by spending many hours playing and thinking about them, but I’m not going to turn this post into a design document. I should write/publish one at some point so maybe fewer clumsy balance mistakes are made in future games. There are instances of games like this popping up. Some of them are low effort money grabs, but some are okay. https://www.reddit.com/r/incremental_games/comments/6jfuxq/l... I have thoughts for solving the idle nature of the game by having diminishing returns on a design as time goes on (perhaps changing what metric a player wants to maximize) or by giving them complete control of the tick rate (this seems like a bad solution since some players may feel the urge to just idle anyway). I want to add in more fun designs, equivalent to multiblock structures in minecraft. Perhaps a fusion reactor that requires spending energy on confinement coils and heat injection. That is a naively optimistic statement. If marketing didn’t work then billions wouldn’t be spent on it. And this somehow isn’t evidence of the effectiveness of undisclosed campaigns based around lies presented as truth? All Clinton did wrong was not involve foreign governments to operate guerrilla smear campaigns. Oh wait. That isn’t wrong. What are you arguing in favor of again? It isn’t not proof either. It seems rather strange to posit that dollars spent is the only factor dictating the effectiveness of marketing. From the title I was hoping for proposed or implemented solutions to audio feedback detection and suppression. I got an XPS 15 with a 6 core CPU (boost up to 4 GHz) last year for (I think) $1000. Get baseline memory and storage, slap a 1 TB samsung SSD and 32 GB of RAM, and perform thermal mods and suddenly you have a serious piece of hardware for $1600. I don’t think Apple cares about making computers. They care about making money and their method of doing that is presenting the appearance of good computers. Is it though? Is it ad hominem to identify and separate people who know something about a thing from those who don’t? Link the peer reviewed study. >It's hard not to think there's a quid pro quo going on "The day before the advisory board meeting, Cook met with Xiao Ya-qing (肖亞慶), director of China’s State Administration for Market Regulation in Beijing. According to the bureau’s official website, "The two sides have conducted in-depth exchanges on expanding investment and business development in China, protecting consumer rights and fulfilling corporate social responsibility." I’ve noticed something different. The apps on the app store used to be good. I’m not sure how or why but the apps on the iOS app store are _terrible_. For any given function, there appears to be no good option on the app store compared to, say, iOS app store 4 years ago (or android around the same time, the last time I used it). This is entirely on apple and not the developers, as Apple are the curators and the developers have already demonstrated they can make good apps. The difference is the Apple app store is not nature. They make a point of curating the app store. When the results are bad and getting worse there is only one player to blame. Are you suggesting that helmet not be the norm when riding bikes? Biking is more dangerous than walking, even if you did it on an isolated trail. Is looking cooler worth the increased risk of a traumatic brain injury? I’m okay with society thinking it isn’t. I disagree. Kinetic energy increases with the square of speed. Jogging at 6 mph is simply an order of magnitude less dangerous than biking at 20 mph. This isn’t a simple footnote. You make a mistake while jogging and you scrape a knee. You make a mistake while biking and you may have your mental faculties permanently reduced and lifelong personality issues that drive loved ones away. Barrier to entry isn’t worth arguing about. It’s simply the safety precautions that need to be taken. Then there should be an enforced speed limit for cyclers not wearing helmets. There is a delicate balance between personal freedom and the greater good. Seatbelts do not protect anyone other than the person wearing it but societies have deemed making them mandatory is a good idea. Helmets have moved into the same category and I think they should stay there. The benefits of lower barrier to entry aren’t worth the increased, unnecessary risks. Biking isn’t safe enough to not wear a helmet just because there have been changes to make biking less likely to have an accident. If putting on a helmet is too much work then physically moving yourself to your destination is wayyy too much work. That is to say, it isn’t too much work and it isn’t a barrier to entry. At the very least citizens should appreciate the danger of biking without a helmet even if they choose to do it. Willing the problem away because biking is good on paper isn’t good enough. No, I don’t have the data on hand or the time to hunt down studies that may well not exist. That shouldn’t keep people from knowing what they know. City biking regularly gets up to 15 mph. No I don’t have a citation. Falling over the handlebars is likely when coming to a sudden stop. Brain injuries are not going to be rare occurrences in such cases. No I don’t have a citation. I agree that cities should make motions to make biking more mainstream. My city has very prevalent biking and there are many dedicated paths and roads were bikers are given equal right of way. It’s great. Helmets are mandatory and no one complains. Are there some that don’t bike because of this? Probably a few, but if that is the barrier, then I don’t think they’re treating biking the right way. From the re-analysis cited in the wikipedia article: "Do bicycle helmets reduce the risk of injury to the head, face or neck? With respect to head injury, the answer is clearly yes, and the re-analysis of the meta-analysis reported by Attewell et al.(2001) in this paper has not changed this answer." https://doi.org/10.1016%2Fj.aap.2012.12.003 If it's behavior that's being targeted by policies around helmets, then why would a more care-free attitude towards biking make it safer? Firstly, I am not making sweeping claims. I am making a very narrow, specific common sense claim. I have not seen a single paper that refutes the safety benefits of a rider wearing a helmet. Helmets reduce brain injuries. Does this need a citation? Secondly, there are a lot more than two factors at play to make the "cyclists killed per billion of km of bicycle travel" number. Culturally bikes need to be accepted. I don't see how helmets preclude cultural adoption. Yes I am. It’s nice for all the reasons people beat the drum about, but the biggest one for me is convenience. Driving and parking in a city is a nightmare. Biking is marginally slower than taking the bus and by comparison biking grants much more freedom. Frankly, I think it’s insane that anyone who regularly bikes would not wear a helmet. I push back so hard against this notion of not wearing a helmet because of how catastrophic a tiny incident can be. It’s interesting that most of the demonstrated applications are examples of how to lie with photos. Images alone can’t be trusted, but it makes me a little sad the more readily these tools are made available. Oh look, a program based around making photos that lie that’s cheap. I suppose I’ll have to start defaulting to trusting nothing even more. It’s not really a direction I’d like public discourse to have to go in, if we could collectively agree to behave a little. Even if a thin, strong line can’t be drawn, it appears that this software is clearly on the wrong side of the line. It isn’t leveraging AI to create detail not captured by the camera that should be there. It’s using AI to alter the captured content to not be representative of what was there, ie lying. Context is important. A photo is expected to be the truth in most contexts. It’s not only a lie, it’s a lie made for profit. Someone looks at that photo and thinks “this is what it was like”, because that is what the photo is supposed to convey. Instead it’s an oversold fantasy. Is something okay just because everyone does it? Did you intentionally miss my point or do you need another explanation? I want to know before I spend effort reframing my thoughts. N++ is really great but what if I want to open text files larger than 4 GB? ;) Driving through the midwest the most surprising thing I saw was a big Amish family birthday party... at a Texas Roadhouse. I usually fail to get hits on part numbers. Part of the issue is that part numbers seem to change, even while referring to the same device. Something that might have {8, 12, 16, 24} channels will have shared documentation, but the generic part number that documentation is under will be different than what’s on the package. If google really wants to show that they know better than me then they could identify these cases and show me what I want from a “bad” search term. Long live the rolling brown outs. Are you sure VAC doesn’t detect spin botters? Valve has implemented neural net based cheat detection trained from overwatch cases (players watching demos of reported players and judging if they were cheating). It’s a rather nice solution and doesn’t involve kernel mode drivers from a third party I don’t trust to make secure kernel mode drivers (a la battle eye or punk buster). https://youtu.be/ObhK8lUfIlc It does. My brother started playing recently and the matches I’s play with him were abysmal. Toxic players, bad communication, no organization, and cheaters relatively often. I bought him the game and it is indeed night and day. I personally just saw my first hacker in a prime lobby in the 300 hours I’ve played since prime became a thing. HF is a weak acid and less dangerous than hydrochloric acid and sulfuric acid. If you really want bad news make piranha solution. I have serious reservations about these. They make big claims yet miss some important, basic design choices. For instance: you will get zero bass with an open back design and the active noise cancellation operates at 200 Hz (presumably) so you can forget about cancelling annoying whines from server fans or turbojets. The dynamic EQ based on a microphone is an interesting choice. This could have really good results if they didn't fuck up on more basics. I just hope they don't neglect phase response and do some time alignment. W1 is the only way to stream lossless quality audio in iOS. Adaptive EQ is a well established piece of jargon in telecommunications. I’m not sure if that’s actually what they’re doing here, but it would be interesting if they are. The ear canal makes a resonant cavity and they could notch out annoying peaks in the mid-highs that vary from each seating of the buds. This could also be used to level out the magnitude response if they hadn’t made it an open cavity. It’s all DSP tricks. They can take you pretty far down in receiving signals with bad SNR, but they have limits. The issues here are physics limitations. IEMs are not like subwoofers. They’re more like if your head was inside the enclosure. Porting the enclosure kills some useful resonances. Small drivers need these resonances to make low frequencies because the diameter is simply not large enough. If you want the quick n dirties about this stuff you can check out IEM design guidelines. They're pretty shoddy and not rigorous, but serve as a decent diving off point. https://www.sonion.com/wp-content/uploads/Documentation_Desi... https://www.digikey.com/en/supplier-centers/k/knowles There are very few parameters that make sense to update 200 times a second if not the actual voltage level to subtract. If you adjusted EQ parameters 200 times a second you'd just be injecting a ton of noise in the center of the audible band due to phase jumps. Edit: There is reason to believe it is just 200 Hz ANC. It's the same wording used in Beats over ear headphones that have a W1 chip and ANC. Those headphones have abysmal ANC that doesn't do anything above 500 Hz (aside from adding in some noise). https://www.engadget.com/2019/10/28/apple-airpods-pro-announ... https://www.engadget.com/2019/10/15/beats-solo-pro-headphone... https://www.rtings.com/headphones/reviews/beats/studio-wirel... The fact that the statement “most statistics don't actually tell most people anything interesting about the world” relies on two statistical conditions is humorous to me. Normally the thing that prevents higher refresh rates in PWM is the time constant. Considering OLED has a response time of a few microseconds. You could probably get away with a 1-2 kHz strobe without adding a noticeable amount of blur. What I want to see is higher refresh rates to avoid apparent blur from sample and old. Wow that’s quite the bug. I’m surprised systemd uses RDRAND since I remember a big scare related to unauditable RNGs and government backdoors around the time that RDRAND and RDSEED came into existence. The thing is, they’re technically auditable. You just need an SEM and an astounding amount of time to reverse engineer a core to the point that you can identify and understand the RNG circuitry, beginning to end. Edit: There’s some interesting discussion in the Wikipedia article’s talk page’s criticism section. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:RdRand#Criticism Stable thermals are fine. Very low temperatures would be an issue. I wonder if LN2 affects the quality of the RNG values. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson–Nyquist_noise Remember when it was possible to have interactive animated vector graphics on the internet? On paper you’re right. The most interactive svg content I’ve seen are small demos and even those have to be hunted for. You don’t have to (or at least you didn’t in the past) have to look very hard to find large amounts of quality flash content. Good tools were ripped out of artists’ hands and the internet is worse for it. Where’s the replacement? Now that multiple sensors are standard, I wish sensor fusion would get some attention. It isn’t clear to me that there are not significant gains from capturing from three camera sensors at once. The big tradeoff in image fusion using only one sensor is loss of temporal precision. You could gain some of that back while maintaining the gains in spatial accuracy if data from multiple sensors is used. Apple’s camera app at least demonstrates that they’re capable of getting multiple camera video streams into main memory simultaneously by showing the out-of-frame view. Maybe that’s the preview/lead-in for AppleTech Pro sensor fusion TM 2020. I’ve played about 550 hours of csgo. A combination of prime only matchmaking and having established a high trust factor makes it the best matchmaking experience I’ve ever had. No one hacks, toxic players are rare, many pick-up players communicate and are not toxic. The norm is to behave. It’s very refreshing. I know that outside of this ivory tower is a concentrated cess pool of trash, but if you can stick it out it is worth it to get in. Most anticheats are rootkits (see: kernel mode drivers). VAC’s tricks are behavioral detection of cheats and that’s the best approach imo. Trust factor is the real genius. Just put all of the toxic players and potential cheaters together. I’m not going to install kernel mode anticheat for anyone. This policy keeps me off some popular games like pubg and battlefield, but it also keeps malware off my computer. I’m surprised anyone uses ESEA after their crypto miner scandal. We’ll hear about their keyboard logger in a few years after all of the data has been sold off. Because it doesn’t (in the consumer space). Everyone who needs to use kalman filtering and sensor fusion does, but if it isn’t necessary then it isn’t used, even if it could result in better products. A sunshade seems like a horrible idea. There are obvious implications from the increased motivation to use fossil fuels. Biodiversity will continue to plummet until there is an ecological collapse. The people with the keys to enable or disable the shade will be influenced by short term profit. Then once fossil fuels are gone there will be a giant energy crisis. Buying time is good only if that time is properly paid for. And there is the risk of unintended consequences. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unintended_consequences People with low trust factor have lower weight reports. The pools are established and clearly separated so its just a matter of surviving the sieve long enough to get where you need to. I think if there are not short term economic consequences to global warming then there will not be any solutions that get resources. This isn’t a wild speculation so much as it is the status quo. It’s a neat idea and having the idea in itself is not bad. It’s how I expect that idea to be used based on who has decision making power and how they have been using that power. I’m not saying stop drilling fossil fuels, because we need it for almost every part of our society. I’m saying we should be pushing harder down the path of not using fossil fuels as an energy source. If suddenly it becomes way more economical to burn fossil fuels then we’ll stop pursuing any alternatives. That’s just how it works. I wish it wasn’t. If we had an order of magnitude more electrical power and no greenhouse emissions from it we could do quite a lot. Desalination is a really big one. Chemical batteries won’t get us there, but pumped storage is an interesting avenue. I personally am a fan of fusion. The numbers check out with first gen power plants costing about 50% more per energy unit than fission/fossil. Your post doesn’t add up. You start by pointing out the unintended consequences of burning fossil fuels, then continue to say that we should pursue solutions that allow us to continue burning fossil fuels sans serious short term repercussions. I think continuing to kick the can without proper longview regulation is only putting money in the disaster bank. What about geothermal and tidal? ;) It's like Avengers: Infinity War, which is like Star Trek episode 13: The Conscience of the King. In reality it is a less hokey of a problem. It wouldn't be the people deciding to not put up the sunshade that would be the mass murderers, it would be the system in place that made such a conventionally attractive option off the table since it would cost more lives than it saved. In both of those cases I am assuming the position of the bad guy/psychopath. Making allusions to pop culture isn't "citing" it. It's 1. a call to lighten up over a discussion of hypotheticals and 2. to appreciate that the philosophy of these greater good problems is nothing new. Do you always make false equivalences between one on one social interactions and the driverless vehicle that is modern business practice? See what a little competition buys you? Activision players can always go to Ubisoft or EA. But the dirty little secret that everyone's wising up to is that they all suck and indie games are better than AAA in ways that matter to many people. When staring down an existential crisis your clients can and will push you around for misbehaving, even if that misbehaving is out of a desire to get out of said existential crisis. Put shortly: fuck corporations. Considering "weakly interacting" is already a very stuck name. By most accounts these are typical black holes, which do not interact weakly, let alone not at all. I don't think this name will stick. I don’t like being accused of mental gymnastics by a gold medalist. Is there actual benefit to maintaining a language that isn’t backwards compatible? I remember python being lauded as the best language ever 10 years ago. Now, as I have to maintain several versions or face massive efforts to port code, I dread working with it as much as national instruments. It’s not just a little fractured. It’s fractured to its core to the point that just having any system working feels like a miracle. Why are they steering the ship into every possible rock? Mostly, yes, as I’m responsible for a data acquisition system written 10 years ago. “Just” getting to python 3 is a massive effort which would first require getting to 2.7 from 2.5, which itself would be a time consuming task. I’m starting to think the best solution would be to just stay on python 2.5. Updates to software should not be the implementer’s tormentor. Are complaints about things breaking between 2.x versions somehow invalid? It’s the same steering group that has made a series of breaking changes. Even people on branches of this thread claim there are breaking changes in 3.7 > 3.8. I’m not sure I would willingly use python for any new project unless necessary, putting it into the same bin as national instruments. I'm complaining about the ethos of the python maintainers. I don't see how putting out updates more rapidly will do anything to my complaints other than make future me dislike using python even more. At first I thought they missed a beat but now I think they're playing free jazz. The system is not firewalled from the internet. There are tools that need internet based licenses. There are organization firewalls, but there is always a risk involved with having unpatched platforms. I have to weigh that risk against the cost of porting. Both are difficult to gauge. Oh they’re always running and on dozens of machines. Higher res link: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/30/Firefox_... Never tell me the odds. One of the hopes of Vulkan on Godot is a higher performance API on mobile. Apple is a sticky company to develop for and it isn't practical to have direct support for metal, but moltenVK might allow for vulkan based games to run on it. If this abstraction really is possible then vulkan seems to be an excellent choice for supporting multiple platforms. I'm nervous about it happening until I actually see it happen. There is also not very much discussion on this front, even though it must affect many people trying to make games for mobile. This is not a question for me. It's a godot decision. They seem to know what they're doing and have claimed that platforms that use metal are "not used very much". https://godotengine.org/article/abandoning-gles3-vulkan-and-... It's because the scale is small. The size is set to 80x80 pixels, presumably for icon exporting. However there's nothing stopping someone from opening it inkscape and exporting a PNG at 12000 DPI (which results in a 10k x 10k raster resolution). I don't think the logo scale should be so small and I don't think browser should have such limited zoom capability. I place the most blame on the browsers though. Yes and that is the last they’ve said about metal support. Mixed signals about its importance. It’s unclear how important it is to the godot development team and if it isn’t important it might simply not happen. Wouldn’t star trek’s polarized hull work better? Just electrostatically repel neutral objects. Yeah but shields are sci fi and were used as a storytelling device. Electrostatic repulsion is a real thing. Time has really been the killer. It’s been well understood since the beginning (a brief 60 years ago) how to make plasma hotter and more dense. We’ve learned about limits to pushing these two, but at the end of the day if confinement time was infinity then fusion would be trivial. The thing is even 10^-6 Torr conductive particles squeezed by a 1 Tesla field still like to drift outward and hit the wall. I cannot, in short form, explain how complicated this problem is. However there are no apparent show stoppers. Some required, light reading. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawson_criterion What was the number they stated? I’ve heard “60 billion USD” before, which was spent by many countries over 60 years. In reality this seems like a small cost compared to something like the Manhattan Project, which was 23 billion USD spent over 5 years by one country. A 25 year availability of a GWe plant (the conventional first gen plants that have the fewest engineering hurdles remaining) that sells all electricity it makes generates 22 billion USD in revenue. I’ve heard the argument that it’s a matter of money rather than time. The physics is such that a big device is a good choice. Even the compact designs based on high field HTS coils will need to overcome their high power density in the divertor, that hasn’t come up much yet but it will. So we want a big device to figure out divertors and breeding and managing instabilities. Great. We’ll a just make the one, ITER. Well we’re still waiting. If someone with a lot of money wanted it to happen Right Now they could. You just need a 40 billion dollar c(r)ash program. 200 million Euro would cover the raw material cost of the HTS material of a medium-large (3m major radius) scale reactor. You still need to work the HTS material into magnets, a vacuum vessel, turbo and mechanical pumps, lots of fittings and mechanical engineering work, gyrotrons and their high voltage supplies and all the engineering that goes with (including wave guides), neutral beam injection, two dozen diagnostic systems, coil power supply system, and all of the work that goes with cryogenics. Edit: If this would be for a medium scale science machine then you would need divertor and first wall materials, as well as a decent cooling system if you want long pulse operation. If this is a power plant then you can ditch most diagnostics, make everything twice as large, add a breeding layer between the coil cryogenics and the vacuum vessel, add a tritium separation facility ($$$), and add a big ass heat exchange/steam turbine system. ITER is in between these two and is the first time it's ever been done, with all of the diagnostics and full D+T operation caked into the design. It's not surprising it costs 20 billion Euro and even then if it was a power plant it wouldn't be priced out of reasonability (~twice current electric costs). At what point do we say we just need to pay more for our energy and kick fossil fuels? Do you have any support to the claim that nucleosynthesis is preferred to D-T other than nature shows it working in the high gravity regime? Also do you have any support for the claims of inefficiency or cleanliness? Activated neutron wall materials have half lives in the ranges of days to 15 years, making storage less of an issue. Ah quasi-omnigeneity. If anyone could explain it I would appreciate it. I know that optimizing for it "minimizes radial drift", as does quasi-helical-symmetry and quasi-axis-symmetry depending on your model for particle drift. I just don't have a grasp of omnigeneity and haven't found an easily consumed explanation for it yet. And that reason is? I have very good reason to think it will, as do the plasma physicists who work on magnetic confinement. Certainly a fusion reactor will be a large, expensive, and complicated device. If it’s going to be directly compared to fission solely on cost to generate power then yes fission is less expensive. The allures of fusion is its lack of ability to meltdown, global abundance of fuel, and the ability to choose what elements get activated. That seems like things that add value to me, but I don’t think the conversations on funding fusion research are at that level. I’ve read the transcripts of the US House Subcommittee on Science, Space, and Technology’s discussions on fusion energy science. It’s clear that the politicians that represent fusion scientists when the budget is made don’t have a strong grasp of what the devices are, their potential impact, the realistic failure modes for these projects, etc. It’s simply a game of politics. No. That is why tungsten is the first wall material. High melting point, structurally strong in high neutron flux, and low activation. No one gives it serious credence because linear magnetic mirror configurations were found to be a nonstarter for similar reasons that electrostatic confinement devices are not considered. These aren't arbitrary machines, they have a real research goal. Skunkworks will never get there with their design and anyone who looks at their diagrams can tell you that. They also don't release any design parameters or performance metrics. From the outside it looks like a method to funnel money into someone's pocket. Tokamaks are different beasts than stellarators. They have a toroidal current induced by a central solenoid (literally a transformer). There are pros and cons to this. For one, you get a lot of ohmic heating and some focusing benefits from the current. However, there are plasma instabilities and there needs to be electrical feedback systems operating with microseconds of latency. This isn't trivial when dealing with huge currents and voltages at high inductance. Additionally the transformer can only induce current in one direction for a finite time (you cannot ramp current to infinity). No one has figured out how to make tokamaks steady state. The best hope is for runs of a few days and 80% uptime. It's undetermined if this is "good enough". Stellarators have traditionally lagged tokamaks in terms of Lawson criterion performance, but they've also been less funded because tokamaks have performance advantages. Stellarators are steady state and don't risk the same number of plasma instabilities. Germany is so confident that it's the right approach that they built the largest magnetic confinement device ever to test optimizing for quasi-omnigineity. Stellarators in general are becoming closer to the mainstream approach and given another 5 or 10 years you'll likely hear about them as much as tokamaks (at least in terms of non ITER research). It didn't take very long for people to tickle the dragon either. Of all the plasma confinement research devices made I have not heard of a single person even getting a shock, let alone an X-ray dose. Fission is an inherently dangerous process to work with. There is a lot of reading out there on the various types of instabilities, but generally the timescale for these effects are in the microsecond to millisecond range. I think particles move toroidally in the transsonic range, which depends on the temperature (which is a gradient from the core). This would be in the range of 300-1000 m/s in a device with a circumference of a meter or less (for most science machines made so far). I think it only takes a handful or orbits for an instability to grow. It depends on how much abnormal magnetic shear there is. I’m not comfortable saying more. https://www.energy.gov/science/fes/articles/zero-tolerance-t... http://www.ccfe.ac.uk/assets/Documents/POPVOL17p082509.pdf Many are of the mind that a crash program like the Manhattan Project is exactly what fusion needs in order to actually be “30 years away”. How can a project that received $23 billion over 5 years be considered equivalent to a project that received the same amount of money over 30 years? Had the $23 billion been shelled out in 1991 we would have had break even fusion before Y2k. Quite frankly, controlled thermonuclear fusion is far more difficult than splitting an atom. It would be a shock if the same amount of funding would accomplish the equivalent goal. Next I’ll be told about pitfalls and hazards and biases around such a statement. People are scared of a real solution costing money. Doesn’t aggressive culling present issues with ray traced lighting? If you remove an umbrella that’s behind the frustum then a shadow in the scene is missing. Even harder is if you cull a second layer of sand grains then you don’t get the light that reflects off of them (assuming partial transparency of grains). I can’t edit this post for some reason so I’ll just put my correction here. I attended a presentation today that, at one point, showed toroidal flow rate over radius in a 1m major radius device. It ranged from 30 to 100 km/s. There are many effects operating at different timescales. Turbulence is among the shorter timescales, making it difficult to simulate and why it is only now the current focus of many researchers. The problem here should be obvious. The author does not know the definition of patent trolling. Patent trolls buy the patents they enforce. They do not make them. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patent_troll This boils down to trust. We need to trust that our email provider won’t turn off. We need to trust that our ISP won’t shut off our internet. We need to trust that our cell provider won’t shut off our service. We need to trust that our power company won’t shut off our power. There is simply far too much on the line here to not have protections. The use contract of email providers needs to regulated. You probably should have outed them afterwards anyway. Scamming your own parents is a shitty thing to do. I disagree. There was leverage to balance the sheet. The room mate was trying to steal money from him. Say anything that is legal to get it back and barring that get the cops involved (a last resort since that greatly complicates a situation). Then assess the situation. Bad behavior shouldn’t be rewarded. There’s no reason the room mate should ever know how the parents learned that information. If the parents were tactful they would use the information to make a plan to bring it to light organically. What the game really needs is what was promised ages ago: a mod API on the C++ edition. It’s more a matter of doing what they promised, which is also a highly requested thing. There’s a middle manager somewhere who is being told they need to never officially support modding so they can continue to sell valueless items to children. https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/64vrom/psa_c_edi... When it takes 30 minutes to load your mod pack and even with a RAM disk and a healthy number of fast cores on a dedicated server you're still dipping below 20 fps on some occasions, it's time for a leaner edition than java. I'm not even saying java is inherently the problem, but the java edition of minecraft is not performant and the bedrock edition is. I’ve done testing and at some point more memory just changes how long/large the GC cycles are. More memory can cause larger hiccups when mods are leaking memory. I played with a few of them. A server I used to run had a leaky mod that would, when a base was large, leak so much that the GC would hit twice a minute with a 5 second stall. It didn’t matter what GC was used. I never found a solution. You’re right I hadn’t seen this. It’s pretty fresh and I’ve been off minecraft for a few years. It’s neat, but even by previous FAQ response standards it’s horribly weak. It appears like little more than an ability to make scripts of existing vanilla commands. You can’t make/register blocks, fluids, modify terrain gen, or even trigger individual events. As a framework it isn’t useful for content creators. Do you think the seagate barracuda deserves to take the “death star” title from HGST? I think HGST has redeemed themselves with sub 1% failure rates for years. Seagate managed to put out a 30% failure rate drive. It came with a failure auto audio alarm! HP? You mean Agilent-Keysight-HP? :p They’ve split up into companies that are widely successful in each of their individual fields. It feels like a single child is in charge of directing, writing, editing these marketing materials. It’s the “best”? Surely that alone will convince your customers who saw how you made the worst laptop keyboard ever when you shrank the depth. Surely you want to convince them you fixed that issue. Oh? You’re just going to ignore it and say its the best? The baseline price is $2400? In the highly competitive $1500+ laptop space? Bold move, Cotton. I agree. The rebrand to Keysight is the worst. Agilent was a good name by the time they split. Agilent still exists in medical but I know much less about that. I think everyone who works in test & measurement knows the big brands and knows keysight. All of the reps, culture, and products stayed the same. The rebranding I’ll never understand is Fujitsu -> Socionext. Rods and cones are in the retina, which is the inner lining in the back of the eye. You see the retina when looking into pupils. My guess would be ohmic heating. I wore mine for three years before I broke it during maintenance. The flywheel came loose so I retightened the screw. A few months later it came loose again and I over tightened it, which popped out a peg that held the balance spring. I ruined the balance spring while trying to remount the peg. I bought another one of course. No maintenance yet. :p Pray you never visit Boston. I was thinking the same thing. Those states are more populated than southern and Rocky Mountain states. No but the people living in Midwest cities do use maps and they outnumber the Rocky Mountain tourists. And they probably shouldn’t. Statute of limitations should only be to protect against fast changes to the law that apply retroactively. It is something that is within the lawmakers’ power to do. The only cases I’ve seen it become relevant is when a crime, typically sexual assault, becomes impossible to prosecute. The assumption made is that all evidence becomes irrelevant after x number of years. x happens to be well within a human lifetime and it clearly is not accurate when using 1970s technology, let alone 2010s. There are a myriad of reasons that victims don’t charge crimes that have been committed against them. Its existence points towards having a “legal system” rather than a “justice system”. The supreme court has weakened the definition in its interpretation. I find that absurd since I think the definition in the constitution sufficient. One could argue that real time ray tracing is a jump forward in this area. If you haven’t tried VR yet, I would before you buy one. I bought a secondhand oculus a year ago and I don’t play with it very often because I get a cold sweat within minutes. It is cool and it is immersive, but it’s also physically uncomfortable. It’s worth getting some answers before spending hundreds of dollars on it. I’m familiar with all of that. The “comfortable experiences” don’t bother me, but they also don’t stimulate me. I enjoy 6DOF shooters and racing simulators. Signal to noise ratio is the limiting factor in these observations. Decrease the signal and suddenly whole sets of galaxies fall below the noise floor. Is there strong reason to believe a company would design and implement SSD hardware encryption twice? What keyboard has high latency? Unfortunately that’s only half good. It’s more typical to measure peripheral latency by connecting an LED to the switch to see when it’s actuated. This person performed an Apple 2s to oranges measurement by not controlling his keypress speed and not testing the Apple 2. The conclusions are based on feelings. Keyboard electronics are simple so short of severe mistakes they add negligible latency. HIDs are connected to interrupts so the OS should get the input pronto. The insanely large software stack will slow things down, but it isn’t the keyboard’s fault. Edit: to exemplify the issue with this test: a poorly implemented capacitive touch keyboard would add 10 ms of latency and feel sluggish yet would be at the top of this chart. Here is a light read for any fans of the series who want a nice conclusion to the story. This is a bit of a myth to me, as I don’t know how substantiated the story is, but it is nice to think that this is a conclusion written by the author. Considering its darkness, it is more likely a piece of fanfiction. It reads like its fanfiction. Anyway, it was nice to go for one last ride with the characters. It sounds like Vincent’s VA is different and the overall tone is lighter. The tone of the trailer did feel very much like the writers involved with portal, which managed to treat its setting with proper respect while still managing to be light for those not paying too close attention. I hope HL:A manages to keep the themes of the series intact. https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2017/08/half-life-3-plot-marc... In case people reading play with raspis and aren’t aware: you can reduce power consumption by several percent by disabling peripherals. This wiki has some useful information for those looking to make raspi clusters. https://www.pidramble.com/wiki/benchmarks/power-consumption GbE is slow, yes, but GbE for the amount of compute a raspi 4 can do is massive. Raspis don’t even have the oomph to max out GbE links. You hook 48 raspi 4 into a switch and using a 25 GbE link to a storage cluster. Edit: It is conceivable that a raspi has the oomph to max out a GbE link but is limited to 300 Mbps due to the use of a USB 2.0 bridge in between the ethernet interface and the SoC. My mistake. It looks like you can get 400 single precision MFLOPS for those 5W. So 80 MFLOPS/W +/- 20%. It isn’t the worst and it isn’t the best, but it is respectable. It would be a big hassle to make and maintain a cluster of thousands of these. https://www.arnabkumardas.com/platforms/nvidia/nvidia-jetson... https://raspi.tv/2019/how-much-power-does-the-pi4b-use-power... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Performance_per_watt Ah thanks. My previous post is dated knowledge, applicable only to the raspi 3. You are free to walk into a police station and tell them you are about to open fire. If google has so many A players then why are so many of the services in a poor state? You could point to any google service, outside of drive/docs etc., and have severe complaints about it. Oh jeez. Out of curiosity I did a comparison against a gaming GPU. A GTX 1080 uses 200W of power for 9 TFLOPS, which is roughly 500x better performance per watt than a raspberry pi. Outside of the fun of it, and maybe a cheap way to prototype larger systems, I can't see a serious reason to make a raspi cluster. I've found two uses for smith charts: causing students pain and impedance matching. They're good learning tools but imo it's less of a headache to do impedance matching in code. For actual measurements: there is much less ambiguity in a standard magnitude/phase response, since you actually can see the values of your independent variable (frequency). How so? I took 3-4 DSP classes in university and none of them seemed particularly earth shattering. I think statistics and mathematic notation are a lot harder for students to work with. That said, information theory, which I would not consider a DSP course, was the hardest class I took. It requires mathematician’s math. None of that easy engineering math. Keep it as is but have it owned by the fed. Any fed of sufficient size and diplomacy. US, EU, whatever. Anyone who has an iota of accountability, internal or external, would be better than the current owner. I’m under the impression that solipsism is the rejection of the assumption that physical reality is the true reality. Cogito ergo sum. I am not the void. I can say that for sure. Everything else is up for debate. This is a very different idea than believing that only the self is real. I don’t think it’s possible to strongly argue that. However, solipsism is a real case to make. Prove that your mind and body are connected and you will have debunked solipsism. Correct. The time step is independent of the compute time. Or do what superscalar CPUs do and have 8 coffee machines running all the time. This is my plan (in action) for an offline GPS nixie tube clock. I'm not sure about what is the right choice for options. Many are nice-to-have features for people like me, who would be the most likely to want a clock like this (snmp to host drift, jitter, and temperature mrtg logs), but come at the mild cost of security. Will those who receive this bother to connect it to networks? Should I even enable network/GUI for those who want to tinker easily? How should the password be handled? I'm considering two extremes: 1. A raspbian lite headless system with all unnecessary peripherals disabled and no network features. 2. A full installation, GUI and all with HDMI and network enabled so it's easy for people to play with it if they want. I'm leaning towards 2 because I think it would be nice to have a clock that auto updates leap seconds and the tzdata db. If I go for 1, that opens up the possibility of using a raspi zero (non-W) for a real BOM and power savings. As for the password: I'm thinking of having something short and simple other than "raspberry" that the user can/should change. This seems like standard practice with many enterprise systems. An ungrounded Faraday cage is a re-radiator. If it's grounded you need very little material. The most important factor is the largest gap in the cage, which dictates the longest wavelength that is passed. Look at microwave oven meshes to see a size of gap that blocks slightly above 2.45 GHz. A Forbes article describing three ways that money is the solution. Moar power, isolation, and voltage regulators. I too started higher education with hopes of semiconductor RnD. I found my way into a test and measurement lab and learned the stuff necessary for such a gig, but found myself content with the work instead of hoping for some high risk halo job. I’m still young but I’m doing relatively low pay work for a university gig in a new field that interests me, rather than in a higher paying/more stimulating industry job. Are the EQ values never looked at it during debugging/testing? Could you theoretically have 5-fold symmetry in time crystals, with the 4th dimension being time? I’m no expert in this field either, but perhaps on sufficiently small time and size scales the discrete jumps in space and time would line up. It might be that for fermion matter it isn’t possible. I know incredibly little about more exotic matter, but I think I may have heard of theoretical crystals formed in non fermion matter in violent celestial scenarios. I’d be interested to see a simulation that’s able to make a time crystal that can have symmetry between spatial and time dimensions, even if the physics are tuned for them rather than our universe. Just to see what it would look like. I’d take any new imagery to aid in understanding solid state physics. When I was coming up with and solving problems with a math friend I learned that proof by contradiction was perhaps the most common way to prove things. It’s strange to people who don’t work with math everyday, to everyone else it’s secondhand. > A 20ms response time still means the signal is dropping every fifth frame in a 60 fps game. Could you reword this? OLED has insanely fast response time, yes, but as a result are the worst sample-and-hold artifact offenders. An OLED running at 1000 Hz is the holy grail, 120 Hz would be amazing, and 240 Hz would be 99% there. When the source content is lower than the display refresh rate you could add hardware that averages previous frames and adds one frame of latency. That might be acceptable if it makes motion appear more smooth. Of course these are things we won’t see for decades. $1000 for a display is still prohibitively expensive for most people. I broke my TV recently and I picked up a $300 43" 4K LCD TV. I consider myself a display buff but I couldn't find $1000 in my budget for a TV. The panels will get cheaper, but the links will start to become seriously cost prohibitive. If you want 10 bpc 4K240 you're looking at 60 Gbps. I'm curious when the consumer optical renaissance will hit. 2030? His content is most refreshing because he gives an engineer’s level of understanding. Most “tech personalities” don’t seem to dig very deep into the whys and hows of things. Idk. When I talked to an application engineer that used to manufacture passive CTLEs, they used a microscope, file, and VNA on each one. The problem with randomness in speed-based goals is that sometimes it’s harder than others. How can you compare two runs if the game could randomly give you zero opponents? It’s an extreme example, but the point stands that if the game’s randomness isn’t tuned to fall within a tight difficulty window, then run-to-run comparisons are useless. While still fun to do and watch, it takes a lot of wind out of the sails of speedrunning because a lot of the allure is in record setting. The record has to mean something. From conversations with a biochemist, I gained an appreciation for the complexity of genetics. It’s like a computer reading byte code to boot, except the computer makes the hardware that executes the code. That’s the simplest layer of it. I only know a scratch On the surface of how interconnected it all is. If you have an error in a gene that will likely cause an incorrectly generated protein. Proteins and protein synthesis must be relatively resilient to this kind of common error. If that system isn’t resilient then other systems prevent the error from propagating. These solutions must exist or else life wouldn’t work. And this is all in a single cell. Cells coexisting is such a strange thing. Upstate NY is not Yankeedom. It is Greater Appalachia. Also, many of the Midwest states are less Yankeedom and more Heartland. Also, Dallas is Greater Appalachia and not Deep South yet Houston is Deep South and not New France? Also, LA is El Norte and not the Left Coast? Was this map based on 200 year old data? An interesting read, for sure. I can’t shake the feeling that it is sanitized. Like every criticism is minor enough and outweighed with positives that I feel like it isn’t 100% honest. I don’t know if it’s a legal thing or a cultural thing or a “tell-all-isn’t-worth-risking-my-future” thing or some other thing. I am very sensitive to these kinds of things though. I have a critical East Coast mentality and I’m not a fan of West Coast yesism. In defense of the poor hardware engineer: HDLs are not like other programming languages. You are literally writing a netlist of a circuit. Hardware engineers are hired to write FPGA code because it is a hardware design problem, not a software one. Have you ever worked with HDLs before? The thing you are working on Is a netlist, not abstract code. As the name implies, you are describing hardware rather than abstract software. The layers of abstraction are ones that are built by the programmer (or defined in hardware block libraries) rather than ones from a language. HDLs do not have a single entry point. Every line of code runs concurrently with every other line of code. It simply is not like typical programming. The top response is a good reflection of my thoughts after numerous visits to the West Coast. https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-major-cultural-difference... Edit: these are opinions outside of the context of software development companies. While trying to set up a Kafka trap you have fallen into one yourself. That quora answer was a little uncivil, but not directed at any individuals. Similarly I don’t intend my sharing of it to be an attack on peers. If I’m being told I’m somehow at fault for sharing my thoughts when asked, isn’t that kind of validating my point of view? Not at all. I like it when people are sensitive. To me that's in the same vein as being thoughtful and mindful of others. What a racket. Low density article that focuses more on selling the idea of spending hundreds of dollars on stylish glasses than it does science. “Colored lenses are new”. No they are not. You can get these for $5 at any gas station or convenience store. Absurd. > in case we wanted a private college This was the entire point of even including that anecdote. You can pay insane prices for very good education in any developed nation, regardless of their political system. That seems tethical. "Computer with 8 gigabytes of RAM is expensive!!!" is the actual story with the current mac pro. You’re right, my bad. It’s 8-core, not 8 GB. Not as egregious, but still not apples-to-PCs comparison equivalent. Can I get a pastebin link? This gets at the fundamental question of trust. Do we inherently trust fastmail more than google because fastmail does not offer a free service? Do we trust google to give any amount of service to their paying customers? It’s a hard question and I don’t have the answer. My gut says fastmail is likely more trustworthy because of their non-evil business model and lack of horrible customer service. Idk though. If I still use google domains for an email alias domain is that an acceptable risk? What if the technocrats decide that their emails are the only Real Emails and block out any email that isn’t in the gmail/iCloud/hotmail/etc circle? Email is too important of an identifier to play games with. Losing my primary email without a chance to migrate is something I will try to avoid at great cost. It’s a neat idea, but mail server availability needs to be 100%. I’m not going to buy and maintain server hardware if I can help it. I have a dual CPU workstation and the jump to a proper server is just insane, even to me. It has everything to do with the big-businessification of the industry. As soon as people with money realized there was a growing market they dumped tons of money into it. You can't just allow a risk such as having a person put their name on art, since that person might one day give you the finger and do something else. In reality you can't even tolerate the risk of making art. That's the games industry today. Kojima got away with it because his eccentric egotism meant that he could put his name down hard and fast before that privilege was taken away. And while Konami were trying to take it he made a point to put his name on everything even more so that when they did show him the door he'd have an exit strategy. He's one weird dude but at least his games are art and was the one person to be able to tell a publisher to eat dirt. I'd argue John Romero is the most influential among those. He is the architect of the grand daddy of 3D game engines. MinerVGA is interesting! I never realized what Motherload's inspiration was. It's nice that my childhood favorites are there: Descent, Jazz and Tyrian. I probably should have left out "engines" from that sentence for it to be the most literally accurate. One could argue that Quake's tone set the tone for half-life, which was a big advance for narrative storytelling in the medium, which means half-life in turn heavily influence the tone of the medium in future generations. There is a bit of a void in this thread that things run into after ~2010 where things like tone and storytelling are washed away in most games. Romero's influences were games of the time, but also HP Lovecraft. A lot of what is in Quake and Doom feels pretty original and influential. I'd be happy to be corrected though. I’ve already played a lot of it. Try it in VR if you want a real physiological challenge. 6DOF games are hard to come by. Evochron is a decent example of one. I spent 20 hours just figuring how to pilot the damn ships then “finished” the game in a few hours. There’s something there, maybe. Idk. It has trouble gamefying it’s space simulation. So there isn’t a phonon field? The concept of phonons is confusing because unlike other particles, phonons don’t have an accompanying fundamental field. They seem more like an emergent phenomenon. Why should phonons be considered particles? Drag increases dramatically above the hull speed. Obviously more power means more speed, but if you want more speed for a fixed power then your hull dimensions really matter. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hull_speed If the challenge was to train an AI to be able to read a recipe book that would be more impressive imo. Even more impressive would be an AI that could gather the necessary resources. It would be a full game playing AI. An imitation AI to get diamonds is neat, but the fact that it is considered feasible on one GPU in one day speaks to the difficulty of the problem more than anything imo. I’m not sure I understand. Power isn’t what’s important. It’s power per volume/weight. If you have an infinitely dense power source then you can send matter at the speed of light through any medium. Is this really an important point to make? Edit: Oh I see what’s going on above in this thread. It’s nuanced but I believe the original point was that in the Real World with Real Power Sources you have a Real Top Speed. You can’t just always dump more power into your ship to increase it and the right way to increase the max speed is to control hull dimensions. Allowing access to the data changes the problem. It’s an interesting problem in its own right, but seems much easier to accomplish and arguably much less valuable than limiting input to images and output to mouse/keyboard. Teaching computers to interact with the world is the trick that we want to teach. Those are actuating nerves that are traditionally considered “touch”. We have separate hardware for sensing magnetic fields. https://www.biorxiv.org/content/biorxiv/early/2018/10/20/448... Using the word “odd” to describe cultural phenomena is odd. Culture is inherently traditions that are not necessarily rooted in logic. There has been a massive push in scientific communities to recycle helium used in cryogenics. It’s happened in the past ten years from market forces. In truth, if we’re frugal, we don’t need very much helium. I did some numbers a while ago you may be interested in: If all power generated right now was from D+T fusion, it would generate about 8.2% of the current helium consumption. We consume 153,596 TWh of thermal energy per year [1]. Each D+T reaction releases 17.59 MeV [2]. Multiply by the atomic mass of He4 and divide by Avogadro's number to get the mass of He4 produced per energy produced. Divide by the density of He4 at STP to get volume of He4 produced per second [3]. Divide by the consumption of He4 to get the ratio of He4 produced to He4 consumed [4]. https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=(153596+TWh+%2F+year)+... 1. https://ourworldindata.org/energy-production-and-changing-en... 2. http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/NucEne/fusion.htm... 3. https://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/gas-density-d_158.html 4. https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11053-017-9359-y Do the numbers. You’re off by several orders of magnitude. In case you don’t want to bother: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21816395 And even more things can go very wrong with more complicated control systems. What makes you think ISA design is not in the wheelhouse of “hardware folks”? Anytime I try to pursue the UFO question I feel like I’m being intentionally gaslighted by government agencies. The public-ish analysis of UFOs, AATIP is an incredible farce. They focused on star trek warp drives and after the funding dried up they started hanging out with Blink 182 to smoke weed and pat each other on the back for being crazy alien believers. These aren’t sound scientific minds that are capable of analyzing the evidence available. Those people exist and I’m certain their analyses do as well, but no one gets to see them. I struggle to even come up with narratives as to why this specific case would be made public. Perhaps the intelligence agencies knew it wouldn’t be possible to cover up so the best they can do is release the evidence that was expected to make its way to the public and say nothing about it officially. If I put on a tinfoil hat I could say that the AATIP’s purpose was to instill doubt that aliens exist, but that would imply that they do exist. It seems that the intelligence agencies are behaving like they want to give as little information as possible about it. I can’t imagine the AATIP was made top-down. It appears to just be a congressman’s publicity stunt. To add onto this: Is this behavior reasonable for an alien species? I think so. It could be a probe to evaluate the behavior and technology of society on Earth. They could detect military response times, if they get greeted with missiles, hugs, or observations, etc. Keeping tabs on neighbors may be a good way to slowly initiate peaceful contact with another planet. Another question to ask ourselves is “how much evidence is enough to convince ourselves that aliens exist?” Namely: is this FLIR video enough? After reviewing the footage with someone familiar with IR imaging, they pointed out that it looks like a FLIR sensor that was pointed at the sun for a prolonged period. There is only one piece of evidence and it doesn’t seem sufficient. There seems to be some confusion in the comments. This is a science machine that does not aim to set any records. It’s more akin to DIII-D/ASDEX catchup and provide a decent platform for plasma physics. https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S092037961... You don’t need anything fancy in an interview to figure out someone’s competence with circuits. Granted, it depends on what level you’re targeting and what specialties you’re looking for, but even asking them to draw a schematic of a lit LED may be very telling. Casual games are the ones that use hitscan? Name a single competitive shooter that uses any bullet system other than hitscan. You can have a useable vehicle for 5 years with a $10,000 upfront cost and $5,000 in maintenance. That’s something people need to operate in the US. Yes, a brand new Tesla is a status symbol just the same as $250 purely optional luxury items are. If your question is “Doesn’t everyone have disposable income?” The answer is no. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Household_income_in_the_United... Airpods pro do not have passive sound isolation. They are an open back design. That’s one of my biggest issues with them as that removes their usefulness in loud environments and removes the chance of resonance based bass. The graph on page 350 is a good example. Gone is the golden age of data visualization. $10 really means ripping apart and wiring up cheap Chinese consumer electronics. A PCB project is at minimum $100. How times have changed. The world applauded Compaq for reverse engineering IBM’s OS and selling it for profit. There exist good solutions, but none of these companies have the competence or will to actually solve the problem. It’s security theatre a la malware. “Hey everyone install this rootkit to pretend like we’re preventing cheaters. Don’t worry about the keylogging and screenshot uploading.” What’s most surprising is that the vast majority of gamers aren’t outraged by this at all, despite repeated demonstrations of untrustworthiness by anticheat companies. https://youtu.be/SnRgW54EWwA See the video above. It’s a condensed recap of Valve’s GDC 2018 presentation on VACnet. The actual presentation is worth listening to if you have the time. https://youtube.com/watch?v=ObhK8lUfIlc I disagree on the statement that developers, publishers, and/or anticheat companies are too incompetent to implement good solutions. They have not been putting serious effort into the problem or else the state of cheating in video games wouldn’t be as bad as it is today. No one forces, or even pressures, anyone to play multiplayer video games. It’s petty justification for violation of the golden rule. Nothing deeper. You’ll need to make a hell of an argument to make that sound reasonable. It’s the last sentence that is in need of a strong argument. Contemporary society hasn’t morphed in the past 30 years to make the only apparent reasonable escape be multiplayer video games. In fact, there have never been more options than ever for escape. And if they all seem too much and it’s the options that weigh on you, making a habit of going on walks outside has not gone anywhere. I have no argument with that. My issue is with the justification of cheating in video games because of some thing perceived as owed to some players and not others. The golden rule always applies. There are not exceptions in criminal law for people who want specific crimes committed against them (ie sexual assault). To further argue the point: if all players were cheating then there would be no competitive advantage to cheating, which eliminates the only reason a subset of players cheat in the first place. Even by skewed standards it violates the golden rule. I’m not familiar with microcap, but I am familiar with LTSpice. If they’re both free SPICE GUIs, surely microcap must be better than LTSpice. I can’t imagine any interface worse than LTSpice. Hasn’t this behavior been observed in other non-great-ape species? I know there are reports of dolphins working cooperatively with human fishers and domestic dogs having similar behavior. It’s not far off from helping members of the same species. “ps make sure my work gets paid this time so they can pay me to take an extended vacation” HN’s rules seem like they fall in line with positive psychology tenants. In the spirit of HN, downvotes seem like something reserved for mean spirited or inaccurate posts. If everyone downvotes for differences in purely subjective opinion, well, I’d just stick to reddit in that case. Any grounds to believe that in a post Panama Papers world? Look at Snowden’s leaks and RDRAND. Was this not dispelled by LIGO’s measurement of a merger that we observed both gravitationally and with EM? Does branding “amazon basics” count as amazon sourcing? Because amazon basics are often counterfeits of the cheap items they pretend to be. Not all of them. They’re branded as knockoffs. Basics are occasionally counterfeits of knockoffs. I like this explanation. The empirical reports have put me off because I know that there is no significant static pressure difference with ANC. I’m surprised this is news to anyone. Context always matters. Is the conventional wisdom that there is Not two dichotomies for produce: culinary and botanical? Sorry, by “put off” I meant the empirical reports not aligning with any physical explanation has annoyed me. I like to use ANC. The roads aren’t getting any wider. I’m having trouble finding numbers, but I would be surprised to learn if the occurrence of lane departure accidents has gone down or stayed the same since cars have begun to get wider. How about a single regex? As strange (and low stakes) as it may sound: I worry most about city driving. I live in a city that gets a healthy dose of snow. The roads are barely wide enough for two cars to pass each other. Throw in a truck and all parties better be paying close attention. In all of those cases the inventions sounded crazy And no one had really tried it before. A lot of smart people have been working on plasma physics with the goal of controlled fusion for 70 years. HTS research has been ongoing for nearly as long. Suddenly one guy who speaks like a crackpot has discovered things no one else has thought of? Occam’s Razor. Some in the US seem to be keeping their mentally ill off the streets by paying them to make nonsense secret parents. I’ve seen this episode of Star Trek. You don’t really need a serious amount of computation even for tokamak feedback systems. The computers of the 90s are adequate. Most other confinement machines (magnetic or otherwise) don’t even need feedback. It’s just bog standard industrial automation/control. We’ve been on the ball for optics for a long time now. Where computation really comes in handy is in simulation and optimization. Plasma physics is still a very unfinished field and computation is a very valuable tool in speeding up the theory experiment loop. Geosynchronous orbit is a Very high altitude. It’s 6% of the distance to the moon. Inverse square law tells us the surface area that we have to worry about for debris is massive compared to lower altitude orbits. Additionally, it takes a lot of fuel to be able to de orbit high altitude satellites. As orbital altitude increases, de orbit costs start getting out of hand and there is less benefit to deorbiting. So while lower altitude, crowded orbits are required to de orbit to avoid catastrophic cascades from collisions, higher altitude orbits are allowed to simply get out of the way. Forest for the trees. The point is there is a crossover point in terms of cost/utility. That one word doesn’t seriously help in making the point. Have you tried let’s encrypt a la certbot? It wasn’t a painless process when I did it but I do have autorenewing “green lock” SSL certs for free. My solution to this has been to simply not use my phone for anything reasonable. I browse the internet, play games, capture media that get sync’d to dropbox, and I use VPN/VNC + ssh to do work on other machines. iPhone has potential to be more, but it isn’t. By Apple’s design, the most powerful thing it can do is be an access point to more capable machines. I’ve been running it for 3-4 years. After a long initial setup, I’ve only had to touch it once: when some authentication protocol was deprecated. A small price to pay, all things considered. Ships with a non deterministic OS and is labeled for automation? It looks cool and I want to like it, but it needs a RTOS, if any at all, for automation. Whoops. In that case this is an interesting product to me. Then we don’t have anything at all. Hard drives are only acceptable at long term storage if they’re unplugged, and even then there is a significant risk that the data won’t be accessible in 50 years. If 5 years is considered long term, then SSDs are acceptable. If 20 years is considered long term, well, make sure you have a robust RAID. That’s the thing about this issue: humans aren’t built to deal with it. > When people start to truly panic and fear death you can be sure the nukes will start getting built quickly. By this point it is far too late for any action to have meaningful consequence. People are raising hands now, when the effects are practically nonexistent on a human timescale, because if we wait until the effects affect us, then we are well and truly fucked. Society won’t collapse this century, but it might in a few hundred years. I’ve been playing with wireguard for the past few days for my personal network. It is likely that I just don’t know what I’m doing yet, but I’ve been having connection issues that I haven’t had with openVPN. One set of issues is from overlapping IP ranges (192.168.1.0/24 is bad news) and another with something I haven’t figured out yet when connecting from work. OpenVPN doesn’t have issues but wireguard does. My thought is the specific port is filtered by my work, but I’m using a rather obscure and high value port. A carbon tax is not paying someone to not do something. It is charging someone for the actual cost of their actions. It is pure utilitarianism. What? I feel like an ITER protest could be broken up by one informed individual coming to clear up misunderstandings for ten minutes. Though, it is entirely possible people lose their mind at “tritium” or the word “nuclear”. MSRs have to deal with some truly harsh materials for very long periods. Getting that to be reliable for 30+ years of on time is not easy. That’s irritating at best. The whole point of using wireguard, to me, was to move away from openVPN. If I can’t do that then why would I bother hosting a second way to punch through to my network? After looking into as many engines as I could find, I chose godot for a 2D game. I don't have significant game creation experience, but I've consumed a lot of media and pay close attention. While I'm not neck deep in development, GDScript seems perfectly reasonable. Most of what it's used for is in making things that are somewhat custom/demand labor anyway. Menus, object interactions, etc. It just takes a few days of playing around with test scenes. What I have yet to try to tackle is the C import tool. Let's say I have a grid of many objects that interact with each other. I don't necessarily want GDScript to be running the logic for 10,000 objects (an extreme number, I'd likely limit it to less, but I still like the idea of keeping performance in mind). So C is a good choice. But suddenly I have to establish and maintain a big connection between GDScript and C. Everytime a feature is added it has to be added in several places. Maybe this is just the way things are done and I should just do the work. I'm worried it is the wrong way to do it. I've been using play music since it came out and I pay for youtube red or w,e it's currently branded. I can't deny that the reason I chose it is still valid: I can upload my music and stream it. I have obscure stuff that is not in any licensed streaming service and it's nice to be able to pull it up on any computer. However, there are many severe issues. * It crashes every single time the app is closed in iOS. * The ability to edit metadata is missing in iOS. * iOS integration is missing features that are present in apple music and spotify, such as appearing as a music player in all contexts relevant to the OS. * Duplicate tracks show up everywhere. * Playlists often do not update when changes are made to them. * Playlists sometimes just go missing for a while. * The web browser interface gets out of sync often. * It is not clear when tracks are ones in your library or from google's licensed library. * Uploaded tracks are often deduplicated without warning or notice, resulting in lightly modified tracks and rare releases to be replaced with licensed versions. * Sometimes I cannot get things to upload without trying a dozen times across multiple days. This is par for google and it is bar none the the worst software I choose to use. I fail to see how a carbon tax "only slows a net loss". Are you implying that economy is a zero sum game and that investment does not yield results? I set my Pi4 up with wireguard+pihole recently. I think pihole does nothing 99.99% of the time, so I can’t speak to how performance is in worst case scenarios, but wireguard seems fine. I get about 25 Mbps up/down (speedtest.net with a single client, so assume it’s 25 Mbps aggregate. Not a lot for hefty file transfers but comfy enough for VNC to multiple hosts. The big win is in decreased latency. I don’t have good quantifications of this beyond speedtest.net run from my work. 5 ms with no VPN. 82 ms using my router’s OpenVPN. 24 ms using Pi4 wireguard. These were just single runs so the strong law of small numbers may apply. I know iperf is more scientific, but I wanted a quick, empirical full internet test. My home internet is 550 Mbps down / 36 Mbps up. Full data (iPhone 11 client at work): : / / No VPN: 145 / 139 / 5 Router OpenVPN: 25 / 6 / 82 pi4 wireguard: 24 / 27 / 24 All three runs were on work wifi. There is some bottleneck in between my work and apartment since my apartment connection is 550 / 36. It isn’t a test of raw wireguard performance, but rather a realistic best case scenario for full internet tunneling on the go. I just ran iperf from my Pi4 to my Ubuntu VM in the same LAN five minutes ago. 850 Mbps symmetric with no VPN. I had the same issue the first time I loaded the page on iOS 13.3 safari. Reloading the page fixed it. Having things be too automatic causes failures to be catastrophic rather than mild. If we're judging individuals and their actions, it's hard to say that any one person in the system has acted nearly as malicious as Assange. So yes, it is reasonable to hold him accountable for his decision to endanger citizens of a country that is neck deep in shit. Hmm? All DVI is digital (except for the analog vsync line). I’ll believe it when I see it. ATI has never made a good product and nothing has changed recently to turn them around. Same technology and same ship being run by the same people. Why patronize a rebrand if nothing has changed? This “realism” argument is not convincing. Quake is an arena shooter. It’s core mechanics are around moving quickly. If there’s a bug that aids that then leave it. CS is about strategic positioning, managing economy, and teamwork. Having a bug that gives an advantage to movement, which isn’t something people play CS for, is not fun. I clocked in over a thousand hours in warframe. I can only imagine that the video talks about coptering. Honestly coptering removal is one of the reasons I left. It just took joy out of the game. Splatoon isn’t an FPS. There are zoomer, doomer, and even bloomer variants of the “OK Boomer” meme. The author is likely riffing off of those riffs. I think I meant to reply to this post. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22221048 Oh hey I’m sitting in an office down the hall from a neoclassically optimized stellarator. :) I’m not a scientist, but from my layman view there seems to be a lot of empirical work being done to characterize turbulence beyond what MHD models tell us. Afaict, hydrodynamics is a set of empirically derived equations that describe fluid macro scale behavior. Neoclassical MHD models apply Maxwell’s equations to these, but that isn’t sufficient for most plasma regimes. Gyrokinetic approximations of particle simulations are the lead that most people are following, but they aren’t able to agree with real world measurements very well yet. I have the impression that particle level simulation works but we are several orders of magnitude away from that in terms of computational capacity. Many comments laud this as a step towards gender equality, which is a noble goal. However, I do wonder about the unforeseen consequences. All mammals (afaik) are raised by mothers. Humans are mammals. Humans do a good job of making changes to our nature, and for the most part those changes have resulted in better lives. However we still have things like nuclear families. Children aren't taken away from parents and raised by communities instead. So we don't throw everything out from nature, because some of it works well and reliably. Is there any science to suggest that there are no adverse effects on an infant from having an absent mother? To move back up: I'm saying there might be a good reason mothers should be given maternal leave and that there might not be as good of a reason for men to be given paternal leave. Gender equality doesn't mean both genders are the same. So then why would men be entitled to paternal leave? Because another sex is given leave? Does 4K Netflix target 50 Mbps? Blu-ray does. While lossy compression performance is a deep and incomplete field, more bits always helps. That requires more storage on servers and more throughput. There needs to be a “good enough” point and the hosts will glue themselves to it. If it moves up over time then they will have to update their library where high quality sources are available. I agree. The best frame interpolation implementations of today, that I’ve seen, suck. In principle I think the algorithms and implementations will improve when low persistence, high refresh rate displays are commonplace (ie the 1000 Hz OLED ideal). With proper frame interpolation, you could, in theory, mimic any persistence profile you like. Like the look of CRTs? There is a filter for that. Like the look of cinema shutters? There’s a filter for that. We’re a long ways away from that though. The added latency would only be as long as one frame time of the targeted interpolation source frame rate. So 16.6 ms at 60 Hz. If that is unacceptable you can always do sample and hold or BFI (the true holy grail for gaming). Oof this is a very interesting and underexplored topic. I haven’t heard of calibrating display uniformity before. I hope something like this becomes integrated into OS level caibration at some point. I'm curious what performance would be like on a linux hosting a 128 thread windows VM. I expect it to be worse than running windows on the bare metal, but maybe not. I could see a series of deficiencies in windows being eliminated with the linux host -> windows client topology. What's annoying about this particular issue is that the problem that users don't like isn't Apple's battery saving measure, or even being lied to, it's phone performance slowing over time. That is what users care about. The battery peak load degrading over time is a factor, but even with battery replacements phones will feel more sluggish over time because the NAND is a disposable part. Fill up a higher percentage of your total storage? Feels slow. Take videos for a year? Feels slow. There is no reasonable oil change for this and it's something that is not being talked about anywhere. Reference for what, exactly? There are no references that highlight the issue of storage performance in iPhones. I haven’t even found a review that looks at storage performance of iPhones in the past three generations. Brand new performance, not even performance over write cycle. That is the issue I’m raising. If you want a reference that proves that NAND performance degrades over write cycles: then I will only list one, but there are hundreds, at least. https://doi.org/10.1109/RELPHY.2008.4558857 In the past 100 years. When you consider that the elephant’s foot nearly contaminated the water table, it sort of does. Get a dedicated NTP client app to be certain of your UTC offset. While NIST won’t have messed up their NTP implementation, I don’t trust web browsers to handle time-sensitive things. The fed is also responsible for making ghidra. Not everyone working for the fed is a lawyer. They firewalled 123 but not 80? I’m not a cybersecurity authority, but that seems insane. I used to use legos for air blown temperature tests of electronics. You just need to keep most of the air in, fit a few shapes of DUTs (hard drives, ethernet transceivers, etc) and not melt at 100C. Some vendors do not like the idea of legos used in a test setup. Some vendors don’t know a good solution when they see it. It could be the law of large numbers too. A large, wealthy society may have a relatively small range of percentage of gifted individuals. Three times as many people: three times as many as gifted people churning out amazing work. True for you, but not everyone. I find tapping the windows key, typing a few letters, then tapping enter, is much faster and comfortable than touching the mouse. In fairness, knowing about prefix codes and top level domains, paint.NET is an unforgivably bad name for a program. The CPUs alone are cheaper, yes, but there is room for savings in hardware consolidation. Only one PSU, one case, etc. The effect may be small compared to peripherals and adds inconvenience by tying multiple user experiences to a single point of failure, but it’s still a neat idea. Oh good so the German scientist who visited for a few days last week, who was working in Wuhan in December and caught a pathogen (“but it wasn’t the flu”) may have been carrying coronavirus? Is it though? I have never seen a bit perfect rip on tpb. I have paid for sketchy software to have access to blu-ray ripping software to get around this while trying to play with high bitrate material and understand a bit more about it. 25 GB is the smallest a blu ray gets, with most being 50 GB (and potentially up to 300 GB, though I have not seen this personally). UHD blu ray goes from 50 GB to 100 GB. No one is ripping these things, and certainly no one is seeding them, and most certainly no one is leeching them. Maybe on private trackers. I wouldn’t know. “DNSSEC is here, man in the middle attacks are over” - a person in 2001 I only checked one of the listed urls (the tables are images???) but found 15 hits in my pi-hole. I’m using the “safe” (as in marked likely to not break things) set of lists from wally3k’s github. So the standard set of lists won’t catch many things, but it is prudent to add more. There are currently nearly a million domains being filtered in my pi-hole and 13.0% of http/https requests are filtered out. Which is fine and well. "Good enough" is a soft target and blu-ray transcodes are higher quality than every other option (except for the blu rays themselves). My point was that if you want the highest available quality, physical media is still the most available and convenient way to get it. Season 24 of the bachelor has some serious political effect. Why would anyone? The riskiest place I would keep passwords is in an encrypted archive. Barring unknown side channel attacks, my brain is less secure than that. While I haven’t done rigorous science, there were times last year that youtube suggestions were a little too timely in regards to conversations I had within the past hour. Conversations that were relatively original, as in no participants or 1-hop connections had talked about the subject in the past week. Now you could argue that the great neural net in the sky can predict seemingly original topics based on prior data. However, since I have spent a lot of effort cutting google out of my life in the past six months (the biggest change not leaving chrome open) I have noticed this not happen once. Is there a reason to doubt the obvious? The killer app for animated svgs is not icons. It's graphics that are meant to be given attention to convey something important. We do that with raster graphics and it works okay, but low resolution rasters of yesteryear look bad. The detail level is a design choice. Even though you could have immensely intricate SVGs, you expect some graphics to take up a small portion of your view. Unfortunately the screens are the only things getting better over time, not the eyes. Justified is standard in scientific writing. I’m convinced there is a reasonable way to do browser rendering of LaTeX. I’ve seen interactive LaTeX IDE webpges before and even wiki modules that allow for a subset of LaTeX features. Humans are not “advanced” in this context yet we already operate at the Shannon limit. Our channels are pristine compared to interstellar space. In order to send any information at interstellar distances you either need AGN levels of power or to slow your signal rate many orders of magnitude. I watched this with my SO last night. We have a very small cross section of shared media interests (notable ones being star trek and grand designs). One of the few youtube videos I’ve put on that she got excited about was Tech Connections video on rice cookers. I mean, I know I really like his stuff. Even though I’m deep in the weeds with most of his topics and already know it, I still find pleasure in hearing advanced topics explained from base concepts with such clarity. He knows his business and it shows. Well he did miss one tiny little thing in his toslink video. I pointed it out (and I’m sure others did) and he filled in the gap in a follow-up video. He sets a very high bar. I wish he did have a more technical discussion on CRT vs raster displays. There is a real meat there that is typically unexplored. What is the spatial frequency response of CRT vs raster? What resolution raster do you need to be “good enough” and what kind of interpolation/LPF should be used? This ignores the primary issue of needing empirical evidence before claiming discovery. If non-ionizing radiation of a certain level is hazardous then it is provable. Affecting enzyme reactions is an observed effect, but what is the health risk? Don’t we? Plenty of people are exposed to power desnities of non-ionizing radiation that far exceed this FCC limit for decades. If there was a serious concern then would it have not already become clear? I feel that. Though I don’t have to live in a CA hellscape where half my paycheck has go to rent. I was at a talk last week where the speaker spent a little bit of time on using machine learning on a regression matrix that is trained by the results of a simulation. The simulation and variables in the regression matrix were chosen such that the AI could recreate an approximation of a known physical law. This is fairly exciting to me because if used to recreate a lot of laws in this field, it could then be used on experimental data to untangle some of the mess and identify the relationships for us. I could see this speeding along development of science. Schematics! Like in most industrial automation games the player is always the limiting factor. From the example in this video I’m not quite sure how you get anti-aliasing for free in sub-pixel sampling. I understand it in general, but in this example the light is being reflected on a diffuse surface. Assumedly where the diffused ray goes has a large random component, so sub-pixel sampling provides very little, if any, benefit. Is my take in this correct? That developer makes abusive design decisions. He does not maximize player entertainment, he tries to maximize how much money he can squeeze out of players with addictive loops. There are better options in this genre. Did I really need to make a 2x2 self-regulating nuclear power plant that is fed by a 3x2 beaconed kovarex sushi belt? No, but I wanted to. IEEE 802 history is disappearing without a trace? Afaik it’s pretty well documented, you just need to be a member for some of the stuff. http://www.ieee802.org/ I feel like the last piece we’re missing in this story is the performance impact of fragmentation. Like why not just set all new hardware to an MTU of 9000 and wait ten years? Sending a jumbo frame down a line that has hardware that doesn’t support jumbo frames somewhere along the way does not mean the packet gets dropped. The NIC that would send the jumbo frame fragments the packet down to the lower MTU. So what’s the performance impact of that fragmentation? If it isn’t higher than the difference in bandwidth overhead from headers of 9000 MTU traffic vs. 1500 MTU traffic then why not transition to 9000 MTU? Why should it need to? Ethernet is designed to have non-deterministic paths (except in cases of automotive, industrial, and time sensitive networks). If you get to a hop that doesn’t support jumbo frames then break it into smaller frames and send them individually. The higher layers don’t care if the data comes in one frame or ten. Almost certainly the former. Careful people need to be in charge and keep a tight leash on people who are careless until they are careful. Also pre-emptive response to “something something about systems something cgpgrey”. At the end of the day we live in the real world with imperfections everywhere. Every system eventually boils down to trust in humans. Why was the title changed? This is a samsung specific issue and the loss of specificity detracts from the title. I simply do not believe that one piece of legislation could accomplish this. This is how money makes money. It will not stop for the law. 27 comments and not one hit of the word “inertial”! The line about not being thermonuclear and the description of the device in question (a sphere with lasers) points towards an inertial confinement fusion (ICF) device. Most of the fusion research eggs are in the thermonuclear basket, specifically magnetic confinement fusion. It is good to research a diverse set of approaches, but there are more engineering challenges to ICF reactors than there are to MCF reactors. Pulses on the order of 1-2 Hz requires a mechanical system that can cycle out the exhaust and replace the pellet in that time. Going to reactor scales also requires high load thermal cycles. MCF ain’t easy, and brings it’s own engineering challenges. The ones I always hear are things like wall materials and fuel recycling, but these are largely solved or in the process of being solved. The engineering challenge I see as the most difficult for MCF are related to steady state operation. Tokamaks have no way of being steady state. Stellarators do, but now the next problem is wall conditioning. Wall materials outgas in hot plasma. A lot. Like more than the fuel puffed in. The way this is handled in science machines is with glow discharges of various species: plasma just below the temperature to cause wall sputtering, coating the wall with carbon and boron for their absorptive properties, etc. No one’s run a steady state hot plasma before, so no one knows if these will be a non issue in reactors. Keeping the plasma clean may be a challenge to keep the plasma from terminating. Aside from that MCF is ready for prime time. It needs a big reactor for scaling laws to make it energy profitable (and potentially money profitable). We just need some very expensive test reactors to smooth out these issues. As someone who works on a stellarator: no plasma experiment in fusion research is easy to do. Fusion happens in the core of stars but is powered by gravity. “Temperature” in this case is individual particle speed (in eV) because the particle speed distribution is not necessarily Boltzman. Higher particle speeds are needed because our confinement fields are weaker than the force of gravity inside a star. Personally, without drawing from rigorous empirical proof that doesn’t exit, I don’t think things like unique IEC approaches are based in fairy tales. Fusion science used to be very tribal and dogma was important. That era has largely passed. Tokamak, stellarator, ps laser, steam machine, whatever. If you can find the money to make it and do the science to show its performance, great. Everyone wants you to do that. This idea of pulling resources away is tricky to navigate, because there is finite resources spent on research and getting any one design to work takes significant effort. That’s why so much is being poured into ITER instead of other promising leads. Humans are ready to see a machine work. It’s painful to get there. It’s not my first pick on a machine. But in order to keep progress moving a real reactor needs to be made of some kind. You misinterpreted what I said. I said that I don't have evidence that inertial electrostatic confinement is not based in fairy tales. As in, they are a reasonable route to explore. Laser inertial confinement causing a nonthermal chain reaction has been making headlines since 2015. I don't think that aspect of this approach is the exciting part. It's how promising their simulated performance improvement is from the use of a laser that causes additional magnetic confinement (I'm a little iffy on how that exactly happens). Well, it creates a region in space with a high charge density that can be accelerated to a plate that has a voltage applied to it which it bumps into which then causes a current. Importantly, this doesn't have to happen in the reactor vessel. The charged gas can be pumped somewhere else. Probably not, but it does help with storytelling. You need things like exotic matter and time travel. Space magic seems to mostly be all the same thing: negative mass. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10AP7tio408 The limits of what a human is willing to do. Note that his title isn’t “rocket scientist” but “daredevil”. When you compare getting into a rocket you built on your own to riding a bike across the Grand Canyon, well, Evel Knievel seems tame. I’m glad they included a way to check in software. I can ssh in from anywhere, but I’m not home every night. I have a raspi 4 from the pi hut in November that isn’t the new revision. I can’t imagine freedom-loving people choosing to live in hateful, racist places that are found all over Europe. https://fra.europa.eu/en/publication/2018/being-black-eu#Tab... Perhaps Europe could learn a thing or two from US culture. The current push of environmentalism is sticking because it is clear that the current level of comfort is unsustainable on our current path. Our habitat is facing an existential crisis. I don’t think its noble to ignore the well-being of other lifeforms, but I think it is inaccurate to say that we are pushing environmentalism for their benefit. Google has a growing track record of ambitious half-measure projects. Game streaming is very appealing to me on paper for competitive games. Compared to the traditional dedicated server scenario, cloud multiplayer gaming could nearly halve the player to player latency. I shoot. It takes 15 ms to show up on my screen. My shot then takes 50 ms to make it to a server, which then takes another 50 ms to be sent to an opponent. What the opponent sees and what I see are off by 100 ms. If all inputs were handled by the server then everyone would agree on what they see, but delayed by their latency to the server. Interpolation is exactly that. It has significant error and is a serious threat to low time-to-kill competitive games. I don’t think any service is where it needs to be. Most importantly the servers running the game clients are not the same ones hosting the game servers. The problem cloud gaming would solve is having all players be presented the same game state at the same time. No other topology I know of would have all clients agree on the game state at the same real-world time. Being downvoted? 0 points doesn’t seem like a largely unpopular opinion. I’m making a high level point. I am aware of the details that contribute to user experience, and latency specifically, but most of them are unnecessary, and even detract from a conversation at this level. Why do you mention google’s implementation as if it was something I was suggesting would be suitable for competitive gaming? I am suggesting that total player-to-player latency is reduced if all clients and the server are combined into one system. Yes, you do. I work as an engineer in a research group of a top 10 US graduate research university. I am exposed to many different groups. No group will take you if you are not working for them at ludicrously low pay. You can’t get a PhD if you’re not a part of a group. You either find one that will take you within a year or you leave. I face this unfortunate reality. I am simply not rich enough to get a PhD. I am certainly capable and willing. So instead I work as a tech in a research group of something that interests me for wage that is still too low for my capabilities. Nobody in graduate school has delusions of expecting a professorship. It is well known that professorships are hard to get and involve a lot of politics. Graduate students don’t have bright prospects and are given a bad financial situation, but do it all the same because that’s the only way to work on something gratifying or important. It seems insane to punish the most talented and passionate for pursuing their calling. That last part is largely something that should happen. I never want to play counter strike with someone more than 1000 miles away from me. What’s frustrating about this article is how sparse it is. I could only bother to waste five minutes on it before giving up. Where’s the meat? You aren’t going to convince anyone with 150 year old platitudes. I need proof. I’m sure anyone quoting a mathematician would appreciate the value of that. “ This was the very question that consumed Arnold, filled him with guilt, eventually drove him mad. The answer always seemed obvious to me. There is no threshold that makes us greater than the sum of our parts, no inflection point at which we become fully alive. We can't define consciousness because consciousness does not exist. Humans fancy that there's something special about the way we perceive the world, and yet we live in loops as tight and as closed as the hosts do.” - Robert Ford (Anthony Hopkins) That’s their point. If you’re billed for instances, but those instances are used for charity and can be written off taxes, then why not? Tax write off donations in the form of product usually help clear out stock/keep things moving. They’re like a guaranteed sale. So it may be best to appeal to the providers of the instances. Needed to run make twice but it’s running on a raspberry pi 4 + raspbin stable. When the shape of the tool is bloat and unnecessary overhead, is it still not the tool’s fault? This is dated June 2020? What’s the story here? Conference papers are typically published by the conference months after the conference so that they’re vetted, reviewed, and cleaned up. A human readable copy: https://web.archive.org/web/20080528224324/http://bytecoder.... Do you have anything concrete to back up such a soft claim? This way of thinking is so idealist it comes back around on itself. Policymakers do not listen to professionals. Policy is based entirely around fashion. There’s no reason to push against good solutions becoming fashionable. >not some noisy-ass AC/DC conversion https://www.jonnyguru.com/blog/2018/07/03/seasonic-prime-ult... Is 30 dB SNR insufficient for a digital system? > My guess is that someone figured out how to shrink the necessary converters to a size that made it more "sensible" to put them inside the monitor I’m under the impression that this was demand/market forces. It used to be much cheaper to have an external brick rather than engineer a power supply into a monitor. However, the engineering cost was lower than the missed sales due to consumers not wanting external power supplies. It’s just another thing to lose. Another unique plug you’ll never be able to reasonably replace with what’s on hand. Just going to run through a quick example. ATX power uses 18 AWG copper cable. 18 AWG copper cable has 6.4 ohms of resistance per thousand feet. A 6 foot 18 AWG cable would have .0384 ohms of resistance. Let’s say you has a pretty heavy load of 10A. This would be a 0.33 ohm load. There would be about 10% loss, or 3W. Not nothing, though at more typical loads the cable loss would be lower. 5V rails are more typically used and they would have close to half the loss. Industrial design demands this. A replacement connector should be difficult to remove and use sufficiently thick cables. Because of the requirements there is little room for improvement and thus we have used the same connectors for 30 years. 12V / 6mV is ~33 dB SNR. What’s more is that the 6 mV ripple on this supply’s 12V rail is p-p and not RMS. So for most apples to apples measurements it’d be more accurate to say the SNR is closer to 35 dB. Regardless, seasonic supplies, and this one in particular, are very low noise. Most supplies are closer to 30mV ripple on the 12V rail. Whenever I wonder this, I always think back to wargames’ example of phone phreaking. The answer seems obvious: early hardware/software was insanely easy to exploit because hardware/software security was not a thing. It was trivial to use features in a malicious way. We’re currently in an arms race because eventually society decided it wanted computer security. That’s not to say systems were all insecure in the past. You just didn’t trust computers to be secure. Whoops. This should be 66-70 dB. I accidentally used power log rather than voltage log. But months ago they really couldn’t have known. We still don’t know how many will be infected. All we can do is take precautionary measures. The WHO messaging should have been stronger and earlier, but it isn’t their fault for not labeling a pandemic months ago. Granted, there was enough data and research done to squarely label this as a pandemic, and that’s really where I assign blame on them. Here is a neat video that helps put things in perspective for most any viewer. https://youtu.be/Kas0tIxDvrg AMD’s Epyc 7742 has 256 MB of SRAM in its central die. That die is massive and the chip costs 7 grand. No no, arguing is important. It lubricates an essential step in the scientific process. No one can design experiments, let alone predict results or even understand results, without understanding. Extra capacity in a compute center equates to less power being used. That power is the largest running cost. Maybe they maxed out their tax writeoffs idk. Honestly, the number I take issue with is the $100k. In terms of household income, this is far above the median.