I'll raise the possibility of recycling the old "e" prefix, once more. e-rage e-despair (e-spair?) It might even be applied in initially unanticipated ways. E.g. e-lag (a takeoff of jet-lag): That tired, time-shifted feeling you get from 2 am "global" meetings, without the necessity of actually getting on a plane. It also can be taken to refer to things electronic, in general. Thus it might well be retroactively applied to activities such as programming the VCR clock, and the like. Whatever the phrase that sticks, an important component will be its easy pronunciation. "Road rage", "jet-lag". Simple and with preferred syllabic structure. For more on that, google some of Theo Vennemann's (linguist) work on optimal syllabic structures (I assume its out there somewhere). That was supposed to read: e-rage e-despair (e-spair?) Not all on one line. Guess I'm experiencing a little e-rage over this non-intuitive aspect of the comment editor. The links provided are "MacBroken". Here they are, fixed: http://www.satisfice.com/articles/hrbt.pdf http://www.stickyminds.com/getfile.asp?ot=XML&id=13289&#... http://www.cs.tut.fi/tapahtumat/testaus04/schaefer.pdf Or maybe it's NoScript getting in the way. Anyway... Yes. And self understanding can help avoid some of the counter productive if not destructive advice that comes from the "mainstream". It may sound like obligatory appeasement, but the "different not better" language really does come to apply to one's understanding as one ages. Particularly if you've not been successful, and observe those around you who were once a bit in awe of what you could do, having successful lives (in your own eyes) while you continue to flounder from one poor fit to the next. If I'd known then, what I know now, I could have made some better choices. I feel I've squandered a lot of what I have to offer. I'm most happy when I am truly helping others, but the course I've ended up on has left me largely at odds with one poor fit after another, wherein I largely end up making everyone miserable. Just by way of explanation, for myself I've taken some damage along the way that makes it hard to just change (the discomfort is very distracting; also, I need to maintain group health care coverage). I hope that messages like this will reach those who are like me, so that they might avoid forcing themselves into roles that promote such damage, physical and/or mental. Life's just plain not easy, for many, and there are no guarantees. I can only say that, for myself, as I've learned more about my own personality and how it does and does not fit into the world, I've become better able to cope. The author is describing a group of people who are very bright, but who also (in my case, at least) have a strong need for a social connection. Knowledge like this can better enable them to approach that on their own terms, and perhaps to then be happy with the results. I always like to have a peek at lists for something I may have overlooked (ooh, shiny!). This one is actually pretty good -- recommends a number of quality items. The average person here may already be familiar or have their own alternatives, but this list might make a good pass-along to less geeky friends. Maybe I'm fooling myself, but I definitely notice/perceive the need for glucose after extended concentration. Whether from a longer respite and a good meal, or from a modest intake of something like soda. With the latter, though, it is difficult to keep from overindulging and inducing a sugar buzz/crash cycle. Interesting. Someone posted this link over at Reddit. Gave me a chuckle. http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/70q4l/live_lhc_w... LHC Compact Muon Solenoid Experiment Webcams http://www.cyriak.co.uk/lhc/lhc-webcams.html For the web site, I find that I can switch to an SSL/TLS-delivered log on page by clicking the unsecured front page's log on button without entering credentials. However, the SSL/TLS-delivered page is broken in that some elements used in its composition are not secured. My understanding (not may area, so feedback welcome) is that this opens up security concerns; those unsecured elements allow the possibility for the page and its functionality to be compromised. I really dislike the more recent trend to "fancy up" submissions of secure information. Give me an SSL/TLS-delivered page with a valid certificate and which the browser can confirm as being (entirely) secured. Don't hide the security behind scripting and the like and ask that I take it on faith. UPDATE: I tried again, and this time the page was completely secured. So maybe my original concern is not present; however, it would appear that the site may be unstable to some degree. Again, not my area of expertise. But I figure here is as good a place as any for feedback to reach the developers, and/or to be corraborated by others' experiences. Has the Business Week site been cleaned up from its recent compromise (that was Business Week, wasn't it?)? I've been avoiding the site until I hear the "all clear". Thanks for this post/thread. I am extremely sensitive to (human) noise in my environment. For me, any degree of audibility can become very distracting and therefore frustrating. One exception is when there are so many voices that they become unintelligle; it seems my brain is then "willing to give up" and the distraction can be less. The presence of all that sound is still somewhat distracting and is tiring, but I stop being forced to perceive individual elements of conversation. I'd run across chatterblocker or a similar item but had not tried it. This is a good reminder to give it a go, the next time I find myself in an appropriate circumstance. I wonder, has anyone found quality recordings of crowds, e.g. of conversation in a busy coffee house or cafe? In lieu of a computer and program, I've wondered whether such a thing would be useful, but I do not have the recording equipment to make a professional-grade (and therefore, comfortable for long use) recording. In my struggles to get away from work environment noise, I've run across these resources: Direct Sound Extreme Isolation® Headphones http://www.extremeheadphones.com/ Ear Plug Superstore http://earplugstore.stores.yahoo.net/ Thanks. It's very informative to have the other side, as well. Tragedy, all around, it seems. Several additional products mentioned in the comments. In particular, this commentor points to a separate review he wrote that addresses some different products: http://bulletproofbox.com/web-based-rich-text-editors-compar... I remain surprised that Vinge does not appear -- to my limited knowledge -- to get the same attention that some other SF masters do. His works are excellent, particularly "A Fire Upon the Deep" and "A Deepness in the Sky". Probably should start with the introduction: http://www.stephenwolfram.com/publications/talks/mathml/math... (Just to hopefully be helpful. It took me a minute myself to notice the "previous" link at the bottom. Thanks for the article.) Blog post links to a RapidShare URL. Looks like the application comes from here: http://linux.techass.com/projects/etr/ http://freshmeat.net/projects/etextreader/ It looks to be pretty old; the previous to current version is listed with a date in 2002. But if it works (haven't tried it, yet), so what? Project Gutenburg hosts a file that appears to be one version back: http://www.gutenberg.org/etext/255 Now, for my "value added. For extended reading off the screen, I wanted to dim all but the foreground window. Whether reading a text book in an editor, or a text-ful web page, or what have you. After a fair bit of googling, I settled upon this (Windows only -- sorry) utility, Ghoster: http://www.donationcoder.com/Software/Skrommel/#Ghoster It can get a bit finicky with focus, and sometimes I have to hit the Windows key on the keyboard to get the taskbar to show, but I've never had a serious problem with it. I shrink whatever window until the contents have a comfortable width, flip on Ghoster, and have a less eye straining, distraction free read. And since the background is dimmed rather than completely blanked, I can still notice if e.g. an IM pops up. Thanks for this thread. I've been becoming increasingly concerned about both stability and liability in the face of today's legal climate. Even the little discussion community that I've managed on my own nickel I see increasingly as a potential liability. One nut whose posts get some official or professional attention, and my life might be made cr*p. Although I wasn't actively researching, this gives me some options to consider. Coming back from Europe in 87, to a small town in the Midwest, to realize that I was now a few keystrokes away from Europe -- via BITNET. SLEEPY, where are you? I still remember your text files. There is a shortage of work in the U.S. And despite the work being redistributed worldwide, the ability to travel to take that work is limited (various and numerous reasons; legal, social, and practical). Another aspect of the fallacy of describing the current world-wide economic system as "free trade". So, once again, we (this comment is U.S. centric) mortgage our future to pay for the present. This time, our intellectual and productive (as in real things, as opposed to words and paper) future. When we have no products to offer in return, we will be reduced to selling our capital -- the country itself -- in order to pay for the things we need. All the more so as other economies continue to develop both the legal structures and "service sector" workers to do to jobs that we were -- in grotesquely misinformed and/or misleading descriptions -- supposed to retain. Not to mention that, even if we did retain such work indefinitely, there's not enough of it to go around. Furthermore, not everyone's inclination nor ability lies in being a banker or a lawyer. A society consists of a diverse population; it is morally reprehensible to disenfranchise entire segments via such unsustainable market imbalances. groan Well, there's a plant in Japan that's apparently blogging. And the Swiss have recognized some set of plant rights. By that measure, vegetarians might be no better than murderers. In fact, their relentless focus on the exploitation of flora might even be viewed as a form of terrorism. Not to defend the theater aspect, but my (rather limited) understanding of effective security interview involves a series of questions and evaluation of performance across the responses. A single question by itself may not have much inherent meaning, but the composite can be quite effective. Can be. Not saying that's what they are doing in this instance. My own life situation is pretty messed up, so take this with a grain of salt. But: > I have always dreamed of becoming a scientist. I always loved maths, sciences, puzzles, theory but also programming and engineering. For hope, keep in mind that there are other people like you. And that some of them do achieve the kind of goals you state. > I find it the most soul-crushing experience to continue working while pretending that the whole thing is getting anywhere. If things have gotten to this point, you definitely need a change. Take it from someone who did not make the change: Continuing in such a situation leads to a downward spiral. I guess there can eventually be some learning value in the experience, but it is a brutal journey and the return ticket is not guaranteed. Evaluate what you have, and what is missing from achieving your goals -- or (they say it's the journey, not the goal, that matters) from making progress towards your goals. It sounds like you have a pretty stable financial and professional position. One that also provides you access to a lot of useful tools. How much time, effort, and "spirit" do you have to give to the organization in return for this? If you strike off on your own at this point, do you have a plan or some idea of how you will get these things: Self-sufficiency and the tools you need? Not that lack of a detailed plan should necessarily stop you. But do you know your next steps and have some comfort with them? I should add, too, that although some aspects of your current professional community suck, it can be easy to undervalue one's participation in such a community until it is gone. Sounds like there are people there who you respect. And there is likely professional and social contact you would miss. Being in such an environment can almost inherently help one to remain "plugged in" to one's field, as well as providing exposure to things one might not otherwise encounter or consider. So, you have yourself, and you have the situation you are in. What is stopping the progress? Is it the situation? For example, a heavy weight of demands for your assigned work may leave you with insufficient time and/or energy left over to pursue your interests. Is it you yourself? Do you need more external guidance to follow your desired path? (This isn't necessarily a bad thing, although it can have a bearing on the kind of work you may want to focus on. It may be painful, but it is a question that eventually needs an honest answer.) Are you a person who fundamentally cannot accept situations that you find "wrong"? (This, also, is not necessarily a bad thing. People who have refused to accept the status quo and/or incomplete or faulty reasoning, have eventually forced very valuable re-evaluations. This, too, can be a painful process and require fortitude.) While you are in your current position, you might focus on -- I kind of hate to use this word, not being the most social person myself -- networking. Try to get to know the people you do respect, and their work, better. Learn what other people are doing both at your institution and elsewhere. I imagine it's true in academia and government organizations as well as in business, that people hire people. If people you like and respect come to like and respect you, this may lead to new opportunities, and those will be with people you know and trust. Finally, I was recently in touch with an old friend who's part of the a very large research project. And, for all the intellectual brilliance you might imagine is there, some of the individual qualifications, or lack there of, and a lot of the personal behavior, as described to me was a bit stunning. There are some people there -- researchers -- for largely political or even bedroom reasons. There apparently is A TON of self-interest, and competition. Some of this appears to be inherent in research these days. Resources are limited, and the type A personalities will push hard to get what they can. People become very territorial. Aggression plays a significant role in at least some people's success. I say this looking in from the outside, based on this friend's comments; it may not be an accurate and/or an entire picture, but it's the one I've gained. My friend is one of those "brilliant" people who's always had to find his own path -- hardly mainstream and without the pretty, mainstream CV/resume some might be looking for. But, he can figure anything out, if it interests him, and is amazingly effective at "getting shit done". People who get to know him learn this and trust him. When someone else wasn't working out, one of those people brought him in to this project. My point is not to ramble on, but to say that for all the assholes, there are also good people out there, who "get shit done". And some of them get to know each other. It doesn't erase the bullshit, but it compensates. And apparently it lets them achieve their goals, if with some aggravation. Some of those people who "get shit done" will do so regardless of the environment. If there is an obstruction, they will find a way around it, or a way to obviate it. Or they may simply ignore it, come up with a minimum effort to supply required reporting, and get on with the things that matter (to whatever project they are officially on and/or to them). My description is, I guess, a bit simplified and even romantic. But in essence, it's how some people work. I'll try to tie this back to your situation. What do you feel are the real stumbling blocks? Is it the environment and what it demands? Or do you find yourself needing more direction? Regardless of whether you remain or not, you'll need some direction to pursue. Preferably one you are passionate about. You may not remain passionate about it forever, or even past the next year. But once you own it, environment becomes a means to an end. Hopefully not one you simply exploit entirely to your own ends -- sounds like you've already seen some of the effects of such an attitude in what you currently face. But one you turn, as best you can, to your purpose. And one where you contribute, because a better environment helps you meet your purpose. And if you do stay, perhaps a bit of that attitude might encourage your colleagues and improve the atmosphere a bit. Then again, I myself am currently in the pits. Take this with a grain of salt. But I'll submit my response nonetheless, in case there's any value either in or between the lines. P.S. I would avoid actively opposing people or engaging in hostility, even where justified. Senior researchers can burn you with a lasting mark. Rather, if you stay, I'd be tempted to think of it as more of a guerrilla campaign. One where you are out to achieve your goals while leaving any ignorant powers that be as blissfully unaware as possible. With regard to this, I will reference specifically health. I've had some persistent health issues that significantly limit my effectiveness. When they are ascendant, quite simply it is difficult to focus in the face of the constant irritation. (These result from injuries, and the medical community has been less than definitive and less than helpful in finding solutions.) My point is not a self-pity fest, but to say that, from personal experience, I've learned there are physical factors that can limit one's effort. I think that some people who have not experienced this, don't realize nor understand it. It is part of what makes community essential to achievement. We all learn from others, and passing on our knowledge is essential to continuing this progress. Similarly, people have times during which their ability to do for themselves is limited. At those times, the community can help to get them out of that low spot. (Whether family, friends, and/or a larger agency.) The result is hopefully someone who can once again contribute to the community. (Note that I'm not defining what that contribution should be. In that regard, I support a free market of ideas and personal interests.) It seems to me that for people who claim to value life, this should be a pretty basic understanding. And yet we have this persistent notion of the self-made person. In moderation, it's a good idea. Everyone has to find their own path and success. Taken to extremes, we end up with "survival of the fittest". This is a workable means of defining hierarchy, but it fails to investigate resource optimization where an investment in another may yield larger dividends. And it is at odds with that espoused viewpoint of "valuing life" in a general sense. It may limit the scope of cooperative ventures. And this is a time where human ventures are ever more complicated and in need of such cooperative effort. Individual effort is indeed necessary. But we need to look also as a community at what enables that effort, and where there are limitations, to work on removing them. And that I see as a group effort, not just one person grasping their bootstraps. The bootstraps are necessary, but they are no longer sufficient. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learning_styles#Other_models One of the most common and widely-used categorizations of the various types of learning styles is Fleming's VARK model: 1. visual learners; 2. auditory learners; 3. reading/writing-preference learners; 4. kinesthetic learners or tactile learners Visual learners learn through seeing (think in pictures; visual aids such as overhead slides, diagrams, handouts, etc.). Auditory learners learn through listening (lectures, discussions, tapes, etc.). Tactile/kinesthetic learners learn through experience -- moving, touching, and doing (active exploration of the world; science projects; experiments, etc.). Slogger https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/143 Scrapbook https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/427 Both are configurable. Not sure whether they would achieve what you want, but they are worth a look. For myself, I use Scrapbook to save interesting pages for future perusal. This is very convenient, and it can help limit the growth of large numbers of open tabs and the resultant resource consumption and slowdown. Scrapbook also has integrated search. Scrapbook can be set to save every page visited, and to save a bookmark rather than the entire page. I'm not sure whether the two can be combined. HTH P.S. Looks like Scrapbook is supporting Firefox 3, now. I'm still on 2 and so don't know how that support is going. Earlier lack of support was one (of several) compatibility issues that kept me back on 2. > And that's only for one data packet. A crucial point. A few years back, I had to deal with some rather "chatty" applications that were attempting to span filesets/databases located in both the U.S. and India. Latency on a single data exchange might be annoying; multiply that by hundreds or thousands of exchanges per each human-level interaction with the application, and said application ground to something that would make a "crawl" look high speed. Partly the vendor's fault, for not accurately representing this situation. Partly the Company's fault for neither anticipating nor investigating it (nor listening to me when I advocated doing so); further, for attempting a non-standard deployment in an attempt to save a few bucks. I guess I'll blame the vendor again for such an unnecessarily verbose and crap-laden application design. Anyway, the whole thing turned into one giant, festering pool of fail, that the users actively avoided when they could and loathed and sweated over when they couldn't. Eventually, turnover at the pointy haired boss level made it politically feasible to kill more and more of the pieces, and now some years later the Company has supposedly ponied up the money for a solution that actually works (well, the demos look/work better, and the basic design seems capable of allowing it to work). When I think of the countless hours and frustration wasted on that doomed deployment. So, anyway, watch your network latency, know your application design, and pay attention to the implications. When testing, test network performance, and inject latency, noise and the like to get a picture of what things will look like in the real world. Sounds simple; nonetheless, this technologically relatively sophisticated company still managed to completely screw it up. An "old" method used to be to put individual items on notecards. These could be rearranged repeatedly, with additional cards inserted as ideas were either fleshed out or fit into a larger context. It's writing, but not (yet) writing a linear, not to mention final, draft. I understand that these days some people work in a similar fashion, but with Post It notes. The advantage being that you can spread them out over a table or wall or similar (walls are then a convenient source or otherwise unoccupied surface area), and they won't be as easily inadvertently jostled out of order. If you are worried about losing a card organization scheme, when they are laid out in such fashion you can take picture(s) in order to preserve a record. This can also serve as a backup mechanism against losing the cards. It also works for handwritten notes. You do not need to spend a lot of time on the pictures if that time is not productive. But the pictures are so easy to take -- one can just snap them at the end of each day or workday. If your 4 year old randomizes your stack, or you forget your notebook while juggling 3 other things, all is not lost. If that never happens, all you've lost is a couple of minutes' clicking and some non-volatile memory capacity. Behind all these comments, is the fact that for me, writing long hand is still sometimes most productive. If the volume of output is less, the concentration tends to be higher. And it can be accomplished most anywhere, at a moment's notice. There's also the kinesthetic aspect of long hand, to which I respond strongly. Knowing one's learning and interaction style may be helpful. For me, a physical relationship/interaction drives heightened awareness. Others may be more visual, or acoustic. I wonder whether personal recorders / voice notetaking devices work particularly well for the latter. Gave me only the first two paragraphs. jgranby's link, above, gave me the whole thing. pg, I don't know whether this is part of a viable solution, but I will say that for me, excessive browsing has become a problem (not just of this site, but in general -- mostly tech news sites and blogs). FWIW. Could this be done by running e.g. a portable instance of Firefox alongside a regular install? I read that a while back some people were doing this to use/test Firefox 2 and 3 concurrently, but I never gave it a try. Currently, I keep a clean Opera installation solely for high-importance secure transactions, but I like some of the features that (I know, I have to trust them) Firefox extensions add to Gmail. I also don't want to be running Gmail through that clean Opera installation; I want to restrict my use of the latter to access to known sites and trusted content. Actions speak louder than words. And not just your own, but others' as well. Observe what people do, not just what they say (or write). Learn from it. To do that, you have to participate. Participating is challenging. Learn to stand up for yourself. Take martial arts. Not to be a badass, but to maintain your integrity around jerks who use physical intimidation. Actions speak louder than words. If you feel bad about what you are doing, likely it is impacting others negatively as well. (Even if it's just talking.) We learn emotions, not just ideas. If you stay stuck in bad emotions, you will reinforce their patterns. Two things you have in finite quantity and which, once lost, may not be recovered. Time, and your health. Guard both strenuously. I dont' mean that one should live in isolation; quite the contrary. But don't let your time and health be wasted or needlessly, stupdidly compromised. Just observing the property value increases in my area made me nervous. I could observe no inherent basis for their magnitude. Housing was experiencing a surge not reflected in the broader economy; it was feeding upon itself. The penultimate "house of cards". There was no sustaining model for the demand. The population wasn't increasing that rapidly, and people's productivity (or earnings) wasn't rising in a fashion to enable them to afford to occupy an ever increasing quantity of living space. Thanks. Guess I'm getting a bit sloppy in my phrasing. Or maybe it was my subconscious? If so, I'm not sure I want to know / learn what is the ultimate house of cards. The current one is already proving challenging enough for me. ;-) Public facing intro page. http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/linux/edu/l-dw-linux-harde... But yeah, article access needs ID and password. For some reason, IBM continues to insist on posting some of this stuff behind a registration wall, while publicly posting other apparently very similar articles publicly. It's annoying. (Anyone from IBM on here and know why IBM continues to do this, and what the distinction is between public and registered-users-only postings?) My ID and password, which I got years ago, were free. Don't know whether free registration is still the case. There is a "lite" version of Firebug that works in IE. http://getfirebug.com/lite.html Would that suffice? I haven't used it. At a quick look, it doesn't appear to enable the debugging features may be after, but I'll mention it just in case. (I'm no expert in this.) Some subscriptions act somewhat as filters for other (possible) subscriptions. I have quite a number of feeds bookmarked; however, I visit only a subset daily, having found over time that they generate or cite the majority of the items I find interesting. Other feeds I touch on somewhat less frequently, when I am in the mood for something different or when an item causes me to "see what they've been up to". 1. Make a best effort to reach a mutual understanding. Don't assume you are right; question both sides. 2. (Prepare to) Move on. If your boss is truly holding things back, staying will increase your frustration while limiting your development. Been there, done that. I'm curious as to what research you're referencing. I started taking a vitamin D supplement a few weeks ago at the encouragement of my father, and it seems to be making a difference in my sense of well-being, but I'd welcome a few pointers if you have any handy. (Don't mean to impose, though.) The following essay was cited over at reddit. Don't let "Marx" in the title put you off; it is well worth the read. Boiled down, a bailout buys time when it is desperately needed. Even if there is failure in a couple of years, that time would come as a bargain. Second, the "$72" figure doesn't include legacy health care costs. Foreign manufacturers in the U.S. benefit from long term social planning in their native countries. Of course, the author is more thorough and a lot more eloquent. http://news.yahoo.com/s/huffpost/20081129/cm_huffpost/147114... cited over at reddit http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/7j1kg/it_is_crit... Anyone else have NoScript alert on this page to a potential XSS condition? Guess this explains it. Sigh. Now I've admitted to using Facebook. But you see, it was this girl, and she wanted to "friend" me... Shoulda known better. http://lifehacker.com/5109085/log-into-lifehacker-using-face... I'd suggest the complement to this is emulation. I have an emulator for my old CP/M environment. I understand there are several emulators for Mac OS pre-10 stuff. DOS emulators and modern virtual environments galore. So, don't just move your data. Make sure you also include emulation applications/environments. You may end up with a set of matryoshka (Russian stacking dolls). But, if you drill down through them, you will always be able to access your data, even when in proprietary format. And with the continued increases in processing power, the old evironments remain usable even through the emulation. I guess a few notes on how to use the emulation, might be well worth it as well. So that 5 years later, you have some reminder of how to connect the bubble gum to the bailing wire. Open formats would be better. But you don't always get those, nor their continued maintenance and support. I've been a happy user. The developer, Dan, is very responsive. It's not cross platform, but it is open source. I wonder whether anyone's tried it under Wine. BTW, task comments can be either plain text or rich text, in case you don't initially notice this. My apology if the following is too detail oriented for HN. I've no affiliation with any of the below, just an interest in reading and researching comfortably on-screen. I was recently looking for a PDF viewer with annotation, and found the following for Mac. Unfortunately, I'm on Windows; otherwise, this looks to be what I was after: http://skim-app.sourceforge.net/index.html http://openwetware.org/wiki/Skim_-_PDF_reader_and_annotation... Skim maintains annotations in a separate file. I would imagine this also allows it to work with locked PDF's, whereas Acrobat Reader won't permit annotating such. The annotations can be merged into an updated PDF for distribution, if needed. On Windows, the two seemingly most legitimate options I've found are both commercial products with free versions: http://www.pdfxviewer.com/ http://www.foxitsoftware.com/pdf/rd_intro.php These both appear to add annotations to the PDF file, and to be limited by the Acrobat permissions assigned to that file. Foxit Reader says it adds some sort of visible component to the presentation of the annotated page, unless you upgrade to the paid version. I haven't used them, yet. (I've had some hesitation about installing them.) If anyone has better suggestions for the Windows environment, I'd love to hear them. Noting Johnny2112's comment re MS Reader blanking the background: For blanking the screen (or graying it), donationcoder has a little AutoHotKey based hack that dims all but the focused window. It's named ghoster, and is available in both AHK script and compiled format. Recently, Spyware Doctor has balked on a few things from donationcoder, but this appears (please to check for yourself) to be a false positive against AHK -- other anti-malware products find no problem. http://www.donationcoder.com/Software/Skrommel/index.html#Gh... This is where it really lives. It requires a free registration (I know) to download. I've never had a problem, and I let the occasional email from code project just go to a secondary email account that I use for such registrations. http://www.codeproject.com/KB/applications/todolist2.aspx > I don't know if taking a vitamin D supplement would have any noticeable effect on your sense of well-being Yeah, that was totally unexpected and is purely anecdotal. Totally off the top of my head, and without familiarity with TipJoy: "Capture the Moment" My contribution, if any, might be a catch phrase for the idea, whether with regard to a non-profit activity, journalism, or something else. "Capture the moment". We all know that moment, when we are particularly moved. It doesn't last, at least not in intensity. Facilitating a "positive" outcome seems likes a potential business. My impression is with TipJoy, one can make a small contribution immediately, eliminating the hesitation around picking which worthy causes to contribute to (at the $20, $50, $100, whatever "level"). Also that one can maintain control of contributions by limiting funding of the account and/or by viewing summarized activity there. Do I have that right? Finally, just having read a story about print news' continued demise, I'll ask: What about a similar contribution model for good reporting? After a particularly good read, I might be willing to toss are dollar or two in the direction of the author/publisher. I know, micropayments are hardly a new idea. This is another market that TipJoy is after? Thanks. I'm intrigued now to learn more about TipJoy. Actually, tiredness can attenuate some AD(H)D symptoms. I sometimes used to procrastinate until the last minute, then put in an incredibly productive night/morning to wrap up a project. And I cranked out some pretty good stuff. But, I was young, then, and those projects were relatively limited in scope. I didn't know at the time that ADD existed; this was just the way I'd found to get such things done. (And I hated all the fear and dread it put me through.) So, it may not be an optimal approach, but in some circumstances, the all-nighter can perhaps be enabling. I don't have a reference at hand, but I recall reading somewhere that the tiredness attenuates some of the distractibility. Perhaps the mind is a bit less "agile"; it therefore foregos so readily jumping from topic to topic. There is the counterpoint of hyperfocus. Something that is intensely interesting -- whether due to the topic itself or consuming pressure to get it done (NOW!) -- also lessens distractibility. Also, there was a Canadian medical advisory recently that a rash can indicate a potentially severe reaction to modafinil. It sounded quite unusual, but something to remain cognizant of. http://www.pslgroup.com/dg/219836.htm http://www.napra.ca/pdfs/advisories/Health-prof-Alertec.pdf This would seem to argue the contrary, and I'm not finding an online reference to what I seemed to recall in my previous comment. http://www.physorg.com/news93623459.html So, take my comment with a good grain of salt. If I find a relevant reference, I'll follow up. Slightly off-topic, but s/high school/corporate life/ Some of the same social structures apply to both, as well. The cartoon applies to my comment, as well. "The way we've always done it" can be a mercilessly rote and inefficient path. The bit of Perl I picked up (along with a hodgepodge of regex, SQL, VBA -- I know, but I had to use the tools at hand -- and whatnot) boiled a five person department down to one person, all the while handling significantly increased complexity with greatly improved accuracy. If I hadn't taken the initiative and taught myself, none of it would have happened. Of course, the ex-jock brought in from the outside to CEO, and his team whacked it, anyway. Just like high school. But I walked away with a better skill set, to a better job. I feel compelled to add that my work didn't result in anyone losing their job. Rather, the company was already experiencing strong pressure both financially and, perhaps more so, philosophically from the senior management team that was parachuted in from elsewhere. Headcount in my department was reduced via attrition and a slightly accelerated retirement. I kept the department afloat. I should have bailed, but personally it wasn't a good time for a transition. I'd hate for my work to result in others being laid off. In a prior position, I spent a lot of time mentoring and defending a replacement, giving her time to get up to speed. I also spent a lot of time volunteering my "kung fu" to acquaintances in other departments. Saving an accountant two days' work sorting manually through borked phone records, via a couple of minute Excel hack, provided a certain satisfaction. There's so much emphasis on "competition" as well as "the way". (All the more ironic for all the "corporate speak" espoused regarding "cooperation".) I'd rather grow people while appreciating their differences, and hoping for some of the same in return. To try to tie this back to "11th grade", it would be nice if "the Perl hacker" didn't so often have to feel themself quite so the outsider. Or maybe that trait is orthogonal fro the "Perl/hacker" trait? Seems to be a fairly strong correlation. Selflessly (this can be more difficult that it sounds) helping someone else, and then learning that what goes around comes around. Corny, I know. Mod me down. But it's moments of genuine connection with another person that make me most proud, thrilled to be a human. I think we have to learn to empathize and to cooperate, if we are to survive as a species. And it makes me proud when I find a speck of that ability, in myself. When it's a stranger I'll never see again, I have some confirmation that I don't expect something in return, at least not in the immediate sense. When someone does the same for me, I feel I've seen the other side of the equation. NameCheap so far -- for personal stuff. A year ago, they had lots of good buzz, and their upstream provider was considered very solid. I support broad and deep transparency as a complement to judicious taxation and regulation. Put the data out there, where independent and competitive interests can mine it. I'm not informed enough (nor, perhaps, wise enough) to propose the details of such an approach, but it seems to me a good area for increased competition. This would include lowering/removing the barriers to general, public participation. There will be fruitcakes, but also, I suspect, significant cooperative efforts. To over-simplify into a slogan: If Visa can analyse my every purchase, I don't see why I shouldn't be able and enabled to do the same of them. Make sure your home environment is one that you want to spend time in. If you are "avoiding home", you are at work for the wrong reason. The link is to the third page of a multi-page essay that starts here: http://the-programmers-stone.com/about/neuroscience/ I mention this because page one is interesting and because the pages are listed in a right sidebar where I did not immediately identify them as being related to the current page (might be my shortcoming, but might also strike others). Nuke (microwave) a sweet potato. The trick is to let is stand for a few minutes after nuking, so that it finishes cooking / cooks evenly. Very nutritious, very quick and easy, and inexpensive. Put a little brown sugar on top, maybe some cinnamon. You're good to go. I vacation once a year on the shore of Lake Superior in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The closest larger light source is Thunder Bay, several dozens of miles across the lake. The depth and richness of the sky (vague allusion to Vinge, yes) are wonderful. The stars, the galaxies (with the help of a friendly ranger and his telescope). Watching satellites cast their slow arcs overhead. I think such sights, like the science fiction alluded to, remind us of our potential . Current circumstances get some needed contextualization. And the peace of the moment reminds me of where we come from. Not from a realm of endless distraction, but from a realm of endless engagement. TANSTAAFL is a pretty good model. If a situation isn't comprehensible or doesn't seem to be sustainable, don't invest as if it were. The Golden Rule is another thing to keep in mind: If your gains seem are so outsized that they seem like robbery, there's a good chance that they are. Two questions ensue: Do you want to gain that way at another's expense? Are you sure you're the one who's gaining? I guess particularly in this site's environment, rich in innovators, there would be a significant amount of gain where the cause is the replacement of outdated business and technical models. But then hopefully that is taking place in fields that you understand; the transfer isn't "magic". I've mentioned before, but watching Chicago real estate prices rise into the middle years of this decade was unnerving. The rest of the economy was not accelerating to match. It didn't seem sustainable, and it wasn't. Not that I'm any expert. Just my $0.02, while I still have the pennies to rub together. I first read it as "whining" and was intrigued/dismayed to consider such a flowchart dedicated to it. SMART reminds me of performance evaluation at my last employer. In theory, it made sense, but in practice, the landscape often changed during the relevant timeframe and one was left retrofitting the goal to actual experience. Further, in practice the grunts were more subject to the SMART regimen. Management was free to (re)write their own definition of success; of course, they almost always succeeded. If it's not too off-topic, I'd like to ask whether others have developed aversions to "goal management" based on experiences like the above? How did you separate yourself from the process? I hate B.S., and it was a constant struggle to make myself "give up" and "play the game". I suppose the real answer is to get out of such a job. Perhaps my questions are more rhetorical that literal. However, one can't always immediately change jobs. Further, I wonder to what extent such experiences can negatively influence one's own mindset and behavior. Faced with such a lack of control, does one learn not to plan? Thanks for the response. I was debating deleting my comment, as it probably came in part from a poor frame of mind. But I'll leave it, now. I was referring to getting out of a job that imposes such an approach. I've inhabited a number of corporate positions, and the goal-setting and attendant performance evaluation often follows the same pattern. In large part, your manager tells you what your goals are going to be. You may be responsible for "developing" them, or even "collaborating" on them, but you soon learn that what is really expected is to record what the manager tells you. These goals are based upon: a) Assumptions (often overly aggressive or "rosy") as to what will actually happen; b) What your manager believes more senior management wants to hear. During the course of whatever timeframe is addressed (typically a half-year or year), several significant variables change. Budget is found, or more typically not. Senior management changes and want to establish a new / its own direction. Estimates prove to be too low, and work in the pipeline takes significantly longer and/or consumes significantly more resources. Unanticipated support needs consume significant time and resources. Etc. As a result: First, your goals were not really yours. I don't mean just or primarily what you "want" to do. I mean also, they don't adequately reflect or at least consider your expectation of what is realistically achievable or important. Second, the goals, which are -- despite all the corporate speak regarding continuous review and re-evaluation -- typically not visited again until near the end of the timeframe, become woefully out of touch with evolving circumstances. In my albeit limited observation, higher levels of management seem to be more able to redefine their goals as circumstances evolve. If you are lower on the totem pole, you are at the mercy of your manager. They can agree to redefine things. This leaves the original goal seeming somewhat pointless; all the more so if/when you "fudge" the language of the evaluation to portray a successful outcome, instead of being open about what prevented its achievement. Alternatively, they can use your commitment to blame you, punish you, and/or manipulate you into a further course of action. The communication occurs largely in one direction. You can't really "own" the goal; instead, it becomes a fence that constrains your behavior, typically towards a very conservative, corporate norm. Perhaps my own goal management suffers more from personal issues such as possible ADD tendencies and the like. But I've observed in coworkers as well as myself not infrequently a "submissive" and/or frustrated attitude where the largest truly personal goal with respect to the job, however ill defined this goal's pursuit may be, seems to be to somehow leave the job and do something better. So, I've been largely speaking of formal work goals as defined for a performance plan. SMART immediately reminded me of the heavy emphasis of this approach at my last employer. However, when each component of a goal could be redefined at will, it lost value and left a distinct distaste for the whole, corrupt process. I think you are speaking more about personal goals. In my apparently long winded fashion, I'm asking whether experiences such as mine in corporate life, have put others off of the whole "goal" terminology. I guess the other question would be whether that environment is irrelevant and that, rather, the negative experience I describe comes from poor self-management. I probably should not have followed up, as its becoming apparent to me that my post had more of an emotional basis than an intellectual one. I don't want to become the "vents about corporate life" troll, here. (Really, I don't. Note to self...) But by way of explanation, I'll submit this clarification and then slink off to lick my wounds. ;-) I'd welcome an outbound mail queue in gmail (or whatever web mail provider is your favorite). Preferably one with some configuration options. In my case, I might have a default delay of 2 minutes or so. For more uncertain messages, I might bump their individual delay out to some hours. This allows for alteration of a message that has not yet made it off the queue. But it has the advantage over e.g. a draft message in that, if circumstances do not change, no further action is required. If a queued email bothers you enough, you can go back in and change it. But you don't have to remember the things that end up not bothering you; they will be sent after their delay expires. This works in concert with the natural flow of your attention, rather than requiring you to keep track of and follow up on draft emails whose topics your mind has decided it is no longer worried about. It can also be used to email yourself, or others, reminders at a pre-determined time. I imagine one reason gmail, for example, does not add such a feature is all the potential avenues of abuse. Accounts set up with to spam without further sign on, or to harass someone else. Or just the person who ueber-automates every moment of their day with umpteen bazillion delayed messages in the latest GTD meme. Google may have better uses for its electrons. Plus... If its automated, you're not looking at ads while it's sent. I misread your comment at first as describing reading a book or magazine on your monitor. And to that I can relate: I have difficulty reading long-format content off of my screen. When I sit down with an actual paper-based book or magazine, I find my focus and attentiveness are about the same as they've been for years. Not great, but neither are they greatly changed. I didn't watch the video (yet), but your comment makes me think of my experience with artists with whom I've been impressed: A lot of them are really good technicians in the technical areas pertaining to their art. Somehow, when I grew up the overall message I received regarding art seemed to want to separate the "creative" from the technique. It just isn't so. It takes a lot of technique to reliably record the creative. In the last couple of months, many of my friends and acquaintances have suddenly hopped onto Facebook. They cross the spectrum of education and career experiences, though most tend to be a more thoughtful lot. It's just anecdote, but I've had a few times where anecdotal experience has presaged an industry trend. Facebook, right now, feels like one of those moments. I may be wrong, but in my life, it has a certain "buzz" at the moment. Everyone and their dog. After reading the article, it sounds like maybe Larry Flynt is making a political statement. (Don't know about that "Gone Wild" guy.) Larry made interesting waves when he offered... was it $1MM?, for information confirming illicit sexual activity by members of Congress. If he can use his pulpit to point out the pork barrel nature of the current bail out distributions, more power to him. I thought that the "process" per tab architecture of the current release already allowed this? But then, I'm not (yet?) a seasoned Chrome user. I guess not. Bummer. Thank you for the explanation. I'll look forward to the new profile support. I'm starting to need to be in more than one Google account simultaneously; the timing is fortunate, for me. diff in Excel. Against different components, whether cell contents, formulae, cell-associated comments, etc. If you want a headache, try supporting recognition of intracell text formatting. Rereading, I see this is a "new" spreadsheet application. Well, hopefully then the data format and API's will be less... obtuse. Interactive, visual interface to same diff functionality. When I last looked, for Excel there was a product or two going partway in this direction; however, most seemed rather limited, e.g. export the cell contents to text and diff that. Useful for number crunchers. Also useful for all the people who end up using something like Excel as a glorified table. In the business world, there are endless use cases of people managing documents, requirements, results, etc. in Excel. Providing such a "BeyondCompare" fucntionality for this content would be very useful to a lot of them, (Caution: You might also have to teach them how to use it, including the diff concept. And that could be a very significant bump to try to get over.) Since Excel is so dominant, that class of people might not be your target market. Nonetheless, I see a good diff type utility as being a real plus. I also can agree with Zain's comment regarding versioning support. And, integrated regexp support. I wedged same in to Excel/VBA by defining a reference to Windows Scripting Host (back in 1999 or 2000). Very useful. A lot of problems people deal with in spreadsheets can be greatly aided by decent pattern matching and substitution. Paul, I'd like some (low-key) visual indication for the text of "comments" links that I've already visited, as a reminder that I've already looked at the comments. Although with the HN page's clean design, I'm not imagining right now what specifically would fit unobtrusively. With HN, my memory is better as to what I've examined. Actually, I've commented on reddit a time or two on the desirability of this feature. There's so much clutter over there these days, that I'd like a reminder for those links where I examined the comments and decided to go no further. I see hybrids and diesels as the next step. Most people can afford only one car, and not a $40,000 one at that. A lot of their trips are under 40 miles, but not all, and those that aren't are not always predictable, particularly not with today's hectic schedules. A hybrid provides some advantage without removing "conveniece" -- which I would argue most consider necessary features. If it is a plug-in hybrid, all the better. Diesel provides higher fuel efficiency and the ability to use a better biofuel than ethanol. Small cars would provide greater fuel efficiency with existing designs, but I think that, in the absence of STRONG pressure, there is only so small that U.S. drivers will go. Electric battery exchange would require an entire infrastructure that doesn't exist. And if there is not a single standard, there is no way "gas" stations would manage it. Further, it would be more labor intensive than pulling up to a pump as swiping your card through an electronic reader. From the U.S. manufacturers in the U.S. market, the hybrid Ford Fusion (I think that is the right model line) is the only viable next-generation vehicle I've seen. Perhaps the hybrid Ford Escape belongs in the grouping, too, although it's absolute fuel economy is not that great. (But if you still insist on something that big and SUV...) There will always be niche markets. To me, right now it appears the Volt fits into that category, at best. Although the article does mention a small gasoline engine for extended range. This seems to contradict the "all electric" descriptions I've been hearing. Perhaps that changes the game, for the Volt? The game changer for an all-electric vehicle may be a successful ultra-capacitor design or an electric battery with very rapid recharge. Progress on those things certainly seems to be being made in research. But pending delivery of that technology, all-electric is NOT the next step. And you need to produce and sell what is the next step; prototypes aren't going to save the company. I do think all-electric fits very well into a renewable energy, energy independent, environment-preserving future. But we're not there, yet. Regarding 1), I'd recommend "The Unix Programming Environment". http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Unix_Programming_Environmen... It's dated, but it is still one of the best expositions that I, in my limited experience, have seen. I'm not certain about it as an introductory text to someone entirely new to programming. But it concisely and deeply explains a "philosophy" that is essential to good UNIX work and, I think, to programming in general. Be careful in your resource selection. There is so much out there. A small fraction of those resources are the real gems. They convey the heart of the matter, and often in fewer pages than other resources that "beat around the bushes", becoming muddled or focusing on detail more than concepts. Accumulating knowledge through reading and study can provide some sense of the lay of the land. When you encounter a topic, you may recognize it as fitting in "roughly over there". But it is practical work that is really going to motivate and solidify your knowledge. Find some things that interest you, and dig in. Rather than costing you time, they will turn concepts into the experience that brings real comprehension. I had this happen, at the idea stage. Not that I necessarily would have proceeded, anyway, but it caused me further hesitation. A year+ later, the "competitor" site has not taken off. There is concept and design. Then there is also execution. If you believe you can exceed in execution, this, in my mind, is a valid reason to proceed. Just keep in mind that your target market is not yours alone, and that this may influence your chances of success. If you are still willing to proceed, I don't see an "ethical" issue here, as long as you're not simply viewing the competitor and ripping everything off. If you are concerned about perception, you might (I'm not sure about this, both from a marketing perspective and from a legal perspective) simply explain where your product comes from and why you are doing it. People will believe you or they won't, but being straight-forward and proactive in this might pre-emptively blunt some criticism. I wouldn't mention or would be cautious in describing your competitor's decline to cooperate; it might sound negative and/or reactionary on your part. Focus on what is motivating you and what you hope to achieve. Reports on the continued use of paper documents not just as a superior visual interface but also as an enabler of additional ways of working, including using our natural ability for spacial orientation. Seeing this thread http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=434023 encouraged me to dig the article up. However, I think it is interesting enough that I decided to post it separately rather than merely as a comment in the other thread. This submission encouraged me to dig up a New Yorker article I recalled that reported some interestng perspectives on this topic. I've posted the article in this thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=434516 I thought it was interesting enough to merit its own thread. I'm a bit surprised it hasn't appeared on HN previously (or so says google). It would be a good question: What is the boundary between political/term positions and career positions, for this stuff? I wonder to what extent it comes from confidence, and engagement. Not braggadocio nor naivete, but a self-assurance that one is capable of tackling problems that arise. And of handling the outcomes, whatever they are. I think this may lessen the need for defensiveness. Engagement -- interest in other things and people -- might be separate, or it might be complimented by a lack of defensiveness. Have the "comments" link text color, or something else, change to show that I've followed that "comments" link. I sometimes only look at the comments, and would like a reminder that I've done so. Be able to "save" an item without upvoting it. Upon occasion, I want to do the former for personal interest but am not sure that upvoting serves the interests of the community. On the other hand, I can see where the current design may lessen fragmentation of interests and community focus. Google "too many choices": http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=%22too+many+choices... A very interesting set of top results. There is also this 2003 book on the matter: "The Paradox of Choice: Why More Is Less": http://www.amazon.com/Paradox-Choice-Why-More-Less/dp/006000... There was some buzz and a number of articles on the topic published around the time the book came out. "Info porn" I can't find how I came across the term -- I think it was via a link on HN, maybe even in turn from this thread. My apology to whomever I may be shortchanging from appropriate credit for the reference. The term, and its definition here: http://tools-for-thought.com/2009/01/05/curbing-info-porn-wi... capture a lot of my concern. Just using the term in my own head is helping me to re-evaluate my behavior in this regard. GATTACA might be worth adding to the list. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gattaca I used to actually enjoy skipping breakfast and sometimes lunch. I'm thinking at the moment particularly of college when I would be in "crunch mode". I'd get a bit hungry, but it somehow "felt" as if it lent itself to the overall push to get stuff done. I'm generally an evening person, but I could have a very enjoyable morning by jumping, sans breakfast, straight into work while things were still quiet and somehow associate my work and progress with a certain "leanness" in the gastrointestinal area. I don't know quite how to describe it, but it was a distinct and useful impression. I'd like to know more about the psychology involved. If, due to better benefits, a worker spends less time and energy worrying about their job (and whether it will continue, and whether they feel trapped in it), does this promote a better attitude towards that work or work in general? Also, I seem to recall reading that psychological studies have found that a significant factor in one's happiness is based in comparing oneself to others, particularly to one's contemporaries. In a society where disparities are not so great, does a larger portion of the population as a result feel happier? Would that have an influence on one's happiness with one's work? I'm sorry that I only have questions, and not answers. But my news browsing over the years has left me with the impression that some of our (say, in the U.S., for example) accepted doctrine as to what motivates productivity and a good work experience, is indeed doctrine rather than theory grounded in up-to-date and thorough research. The bottom of the page had this link to a previous column by Gross, which I also... "enjoyed". "I See Dead Bankers! Wall Street has become The Sixth Sense filled with corpses who think they're still alive." http://www.slate.com/id/2209893/ So, will headlines like this effectively "crowdsource" further discovery efforts? ;-) I tried to make something out of Toe, but the acronym I was trying to remember (THAI) doesn't really work. Nonetheless, an interesting, newer process for extracting bitumen from tar sands. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar_sands#Toe_to_Heel_Air_Injec... http://www.nytimes.com/2008/09/23/business/worldbusiness/23k... What can be very frustrating in a corporate environment is the unrelenting "one size fits all" attitude. Your workspace. Your toolset (not just what language to use, where I can understand a need to standardize, but what editor and utilities and such). Your flexibility is limited to what pictures you put on your desk. For me, the distraction in an open space environment kills my productivity. I don't want to be disconnected from my coworkers, but I can't take the constant noise and immediate presence. I get along much worse in such a situation. Give me a little separation, and I'm much more relaxed and focused in face to face meetings, on the phone, in email and IM. When things are like this, I do quite well. Then something will change and the work environment will suck again. I'll tell my management exactly what has happened and why my productivity has declined. But there is nothing they can do. "But we all work in cubes" is one response I received. One size fits all. If we do it for you, everyone will want it. We must treat everyone "equally". In the name of "fairness", they force department management to turn a blind eye to individual variances and differing needs. At least working from home seems to provide some disconnect, in the company's mind. The home environment is not their jurisdiction, and your performance is measured more in terms of results rather than conformity. One suggestion I have with regard to open space: If you insist on it for your employees, then let them self segregate to some extent. There is always a subset that wants a quieter work environment, but they are spread throughout the organization. Let them colocate in a designated quiet area, akin to the "quiet floor / quiet hall" arrangement at some colleges and universities. I suppose this would be viewed as overly burdensome in terms of management. Further, I've observed a continued strong drive to physically colocate team members whenever they are at the same facility. But it would take no more physical space, and it would make that portion of the population much happier and more productive. Next step, let them use decent tools. Don't force them to do finger gymnastics because you keep them on the 5-releases-past version of some commercial editor that has been "blessed". But now I'm just dreaming... Do as I say not As I do as I say not As I do say not It is elevating the belly button to the position of subject. The philosophical equivalent of a corporate entity. On Windows a while back, I used Sysinternals' (now Microsoft) Autoruns to stop their updater from launching on startup. I don't remember whether the individual applications reversed this setting. I seem to recall it sticking for at least a while. http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb963902.asp... The rare site that does a good job with its typography is well worth study/emulation. Not just font, typeface, but leading (interline spacing) and column width for example. Also, editorial composition. All the design in the world won't hold me in place if I have to scale a "wall of text" (particularly enormous paragraphs without any visual landmarks). I see site design as a means to an end. If you focus primarily on the means, you're doing it wrong. Well, it may be fine for you, and I don't begrudge you that. But you are doing it wrong for me. If enough people feel that way, you won't have much traffic. If traffic is a goal, well then, there you go. 80% of management is emotional. Just like 80% of statistics are made up. I don't have any specific suggestions, but I am interested in what others might have to say. In the U.S., for those who are young and healthy, and with an income and/or savings that can cover routine and significant initial expenses, I've heard it recommended to go with a major medical plan having a high deductible (multiple thousands of dollars). You pay for all the routine stuff yourself, and for the initial hit for anything bigger. If you encounter a catastrophic situation, you are covered (beware of pre-existing conditions when you sign up). The risk of that is relatively low. Rates are commensurately lower. This corresponds more with how medical insurance was for many some decades ago, before coverage was in practice extended to routine expenses. It's the expense of a catastrophe you need to worry about. If you end up tapped out, families and, if necessary, friends can usually find a way to cover a few thousand dollars until you hit your out of pocket limit. Most likely, there are people who care about you. Carrying health insurance isn't just about you, it's also about them. You prevent putting them in a bind where they must exhaust their own finances to take care of you. (Of course, these days the way insurance companies reprice and drop policies limits the longer term efficacy of self-insurance while unwell, but it's still a valid argument.) Years ago, I heard that (again, in the U.S.) the IEEE had some group plans that weren't terrible. But that was second hand information, from someone well into middle age (and so in a different part of the market), and times change. Finally, a number of people I know with their own small businesses obtain their coverage through their spouses or significant others, who work a job that provides a group plan. I'm not saying Plenty of Fish nor eHarmony is a plan of approach, but if you are in a long-term relationship with someone having coverage, even if not married, it is worth exploring what that plan may offer. My last employer covered long-term partners (although I'm not sure how that was qualified; I believe sharing a household may have been a factor). EDIT: One more thing: I think that COBRA may now cover students for some number of months after they leave school, as a continuation of their coverage e.g. under a parent's group coverage from work. I could be wrong; perhaps someone else can speak to this. If you are just leaving school, this would be looking into; it would give you a year or 18 months or whatever, as long as you can pay the monthly premiums. However, you must elect COBRA coverage within a relatively short period of the time at which you qualify, or you lose the option -- at least that's how it is when electing COBRA after leaving an employer. Sorry for any overlap; your post and my edit re COBRA appear to have crossed paths. The linked Seattle Times article, while still brief, has more specifics. What ever happened to this Seiko prototype? http://www.thetechbrief.com/2007/11/21/seiko-e-ink-e-book-re... http://gizmodo.com/gadgets/e_ink/seiko-high+res-super+thin-e... There was a last minute, partial rescue of funding, which had as at least one focus a personal contribution in the millions of dollars (5MM, I seem to recall?). Compared to the Federal budget, the amounts involved weren't even the husk on a discarded peanut. Penny wise, pound foolish. Not that it devalues the article, but just FYI the researcher mentioned http://psychology.uchicago.edu/people/faculty/cacioppo/index... has been doing press in the last some months with regard to his book http://scienceofloneliness.com/?q=homepage [all Flash site] http://www.wpr.org/book/090201b.cfm [archived show is Real format] http://wpr.org/kathleendunn/index.cfm?strDirection=Prev&... [archived show is Real format] As for loneliness itself, I tend to be towards the high end (in more quantity that desired) of social isolation. My anecdotal experience is that it does become self-reinforcing and that it does, in this circumstance, diminish life experience including my perceived neurological function. Thank you for the invitation -- I appreciate it. I'm in the Chicagoland (as it's called) area. I have some friends in New York, but haven't been out that way recently. Travel is minimal until I find my next gig, but if I'm out that way, I might give a shout. If you make it to Chitown, feel free to drop a note. (Didn't this site used to support messaging? I'll have to drop an email address into my profile.) I'm not the most exciting company, but I do recall a good pub or three. Plus, you have to get a "cheezborger cheezborger" from the original Billy Goat Tavern. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billy_Goat_Tavern The Firefox extension "Web Developer Toolbar" has a Resize menu wherein you can define your own window sizes (based on either the overall window or the viewport). I've come to use this as a reading aid, with a few preset sizes that work well with my monitor and the sites I frequent most. Drop the menu and click a preset size, and I'm reading at a convenient width. Maximize the window to undo. Would this appear in the certificate chain as displayed by the browser? It frustrates me that viewing the chain is such a drilldown exercise; in Firefox 3, they added a bit of up front information to the address bar (upon click on the favicon) but then made displaying the chain itself take an extra couple of clicks. Yes, I'm paranoid, but I take a frequent gander at the certificate chain of sites I'm using. Particularly for sites I use frequently, I'll notice if something looks hinky. As for http pages that request credentials (presumably transmitting these to an https URL), those piss me off to no end. To my mind, they break a basic security paradigm that had been promulgated for browser use in general: Check that the page is secure before submitting any sensitive information. Of course, I believe this only really works if you also have the https --> http transition warning enabled in the browser. I hardly see any browser installations that leave that enabled, any more. But I don't know a lot about that bit of browser functionality; maybe my understanding is wrong. Still waiting for the ability to select my own font for plaintext editing and viewing (I'm aware of the Labs fixed-width viewing feature). Matches my experience, although, as some commentors also stated, I tend to think of it as "three weeks". I've seen this / experienced this myself. It may sound cynical, but it is so, so true. Addendum: On the other hand, many of the people in those roles were quite nice and willing to help, if you treated them like a human being. If you made your case well, layers of bureaucracy could sometimes "jump" right out of the way. Not always, but sometimes. Often, there was another layer of interaction unofficially built in. Something to be aware of, when you automate. There may be more going on than you realize, some of it offering real business value, perhaps even making the overall workflow practical where it would otherwise flounder and die. Nothing, I guess, that hasn't been said before. I hate to see people labeled "redundant". Often enough, they've been the ones effectively working around a broken formal process, as best they could given the constraints applied. If you want vector graphics, my meager experience fwiw: Some months ago, I used potrace to convert drawings to SVG. Specifically, on a Windows box, if I recall correctly, I used it via the front end Rasterbater (needs .NET 2). I was quite satisfied with the result. This was for some simple black on white images. The Wikipedia page for potrace (first link, below) has a bit of language about Inkscape being able to do a color decomposition. > Inkscape is capable of producing color images by > decomposing each channel into several black and white > images and tracing them separately with Potrace. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potrace http://potrace.sourceforge.net/ Link to Rasterbater is under the anchor below (it's a link to a zip of the program; the program doesn't appear to have it's own descriptive page, although the hosting site has a one line description on the default page for the domain): http://potrace.sourceforge.net/#other Regarding Inkscape, this boingboing page (I happened on while googling Rasterbater) has the following comment: http://www.boingboing.net/2007/11/21/web-site-converts-ph.ht... > Inkscape ( http://www.inkscape.org/ ) uses Potrace > (http://potrace.sourceforge.net/ ) and optionally > Autotrace ( http://autotrace.sourceforge.net/ ) for > it's own raster to vector. It costs 100% less than > the price of Illustrator CS or Corel, a.k.a free. Was it a new interview (Buffet was on a couple of months ago)? Rose does some really good interviews. Can be content heavy. And he also is friends to varying degree with quite a few people. He doesn't appear to deliberately skew interviews on this basis, but one should be aware that his personal connection may at times influence the trust he places in the messages being conveyed. Still, one of the best interview format news sources around. He used to be a lawyer, IIRC, and it shows in his interrogatory. Added: Those personal connections, plus the long format that really gives interviewees a chance to communicate what is of interest to them in a thorough fashion, also mean he gets interviews you won't find anywhere else. Tim O'Reilly's post of last November first made it interesting enough to me to give it a go. Well worth the read, whether you subscribe (to Twitter, or to his thoughts) or not. Tim O'Reilly: Why I Love Twitter http://radar.oreilly.com/2008/11/why-i-like-twitter.html To follow on to 5), health insurance isn't just about you. It's about those who care about you. Helping to ensure they are not placed in a financial bind caring for you should something serious or catastrophic occur. Most likely, there are people in your life who would feel compelled to help you, even if it is a severe strain for them. And as someone else commented on another thread here, in the last month or two: An insurance company will likely negotiate much lower charges that you can get as a private individual (in the U.S., at least). Even if you are left with part of the bill to pay, that bill is likely to be significantly smaller than it would have been were you uninsured. I guess the following is a rant. I'll post it for the sake of the question at the end. I would be willing to look at -- or at least let co-exist -- more ads with the content I view, if those ads respected both my interests and my needs. + Don't move. Ever. No exceptions. (And no bleeping music, either.) + Intrigue me with appealing information . Tell me what, concretely, you propose to do for me. + Don't move! Don't think it's cute to slip in an animation after waiting a bit. I don't care if it's the "Firefox girl" from Daily Tech News. Don't move. + Don't be more garish than the encompassing page design. I am only frustrated by people who think "Hotdog" is a legitimate color scheme. + Don't track me. I'm not interested in a "more extensive relationship" with your marketing efforts. Concentrate on delivering a tolerable, appealing ad for this impression . I'm sorry if you feel this hampers your effectiveness; as far as I'm concerned, you're putting your effort into the wrong end of things. I may be willing to flex on this point, but you'd better make it real clear how you are protecting my privacy, with an iron clad commitment, and provide me controls for turning on and off the tracking. I've learned of some useful things from ads. And I don't mind a respectful presence on the page. Ads in print newspapers? No problem. Bouncing monkeys on a yellow banner -- big problem. What I've been wondering about, recently, is why no one has tried to organize a codified and instantiated compact between browsers and publishers/advertisers. E.g., as a browser, I'll let this class of ads through -- probably provided by a set of whitelisted URL's. I understand doing so helps to support this site that I value and may offer me additional, useful information for consideration. In return, you promise not to violate the above (or whatever the set of rules ends up being). Perhaps this is to say, ad brokering should be a two-way communication and not a one-way communication. Bringing together viewers and advertisers on mutually agreed terms. I suppose this is not realistic, and I'll welcome any explanations as to why. This week was the premier. No one got booted on the premier episode. Next week, someone goes home. (I'm a bit embarrassed to have the answer. Was at some friends' home, and they wanted to watch the show. I actually enjoyed it quite a bit. And I hope Steve stays on for a while and helps deliver the implicit message that "geeks" can be fun and good company.) Never thought of it for that before. Thanks! At the level of anecdote, the misfortune that many lottery winners eventually encounter (lose it all, and/or enter social isolation) makes me think that luck is not sufficient. Without work and preparation, you will not be able to capitalize on luck when it does occur. Now, if someone wants to prove the contrary, feel free to give me a bunch of money I wasn't expecting. Do you find the wax ones better than the foam ones? The foam ones are comfortable and convenient, but they don't block enough noise. I'm particularly bothered by nearby speech, e.g. in a cube environment. Interesting. Instead of (just) a second monitor, you get a second entire computer. Also, while Synergy does not allow screen sharing (?), I've seen descriptions of other programs that do. On Windows, there's Maxivista: http://www.maxivista.com/ and the perhaps dubious ZoneScreen http://www.zoneos.com/zonescreen.htm Perhaps something similar is already implemented under other OSen? Although having two fully functioning/accessible computers seems preferable to me. Thank you for the response. I may give the wax a try. I recall trying a pair, many many years ago. I also tried silicon some years ago; from that, I have some idea of what you mean about the difference in feel. The foam plugs I wear are rated at something like -29 or -31 dB, depending upon which exact box I have (even though they all carry the same brand name). Even if the rating is accurate, it is measured against a frequency / frequency spread that does not apply much if at all to speech. Here's a resource I've been considering mining; I haven't pulled the trigger on an order, yet. http://earplugstore.stores.yahoo.net/ It appears to be a Yahoo store account. Maybe pg could get us a discount? ;-) (Viaweb went to Yahoo, right?) For the Spanish, specifically: When (years ago) learning German and French, I found some popular music that I rather liked and listened to it a lot. This gave me a better feel for listening to the language. Since I enjoyed the music (and what I could understand of the lyrics, with added bursts of excitement when I figured out something new about them), this practice was itself a pleasure and it was not difficult to engage in. (It helped that I had friends who could provide a bit of context regarding the music as well as some recommendations.) More recently, studies have elucidated that a lot of language acquisition occurs before/below the level of words and semantics. Infants first acquire language sound recognition and reproduction, for example. Also, different languages use/emphasis somewhat different frequencies in their speech. Extended listening to the language helps train the brain to focus on / stop filtering out those frequencies. More generally, I find that you have to enjoy the process of learning. If you are simply aiming for some eventual goal, and view the process of getting there as a necessary misery, you are setting yourself up for failure. Perhaps this is a bit sideways, but in some ways the Japanese film "Shall We Dance" may illustrate this. It's a wonderful film about a salaryman who falls sideways into ballroom dancing. A semi-fantasy about meeting an enigmatic woman in the window of a dance studio leads to an unexpected but personally enriching and empowering love of dance and the community it fosters. (Be sure to watch the original Japanese version. The U.S. remake is a commercial gimmick that does disservice to the original film.) I think we can (better) learn new things when we can enjoy them. If we think we have to learn them (completely) before we can enjoy them, that is sort of putting the cart before the horse. Of course, this is a generalization, and some things are difficult particularly at the start. But often there is still pleasure in there somewhere, long before one achieves mastery. P.S. I know my more general "insight" here is hardly revelatory. But I find it a trap I have a tendency to keep repeating, myself, looking at the goal while neglecting making sure I'm enjoying the process. And if I'm enjoying the process, I tend to be more open to unexpected opportunities, e.g. the person who is happy to let me exercise my fledgling French even though they are fluent in English. I'd just like to add that at the per page printing costs of more efficient consumer class laser printers -- not to mention business/professional class -- self-printing hard copies of open textbooks could still be cheaper than purchasing printed textbooks at the prices I see mentioned these days in news stories. The current, large hurdle in this is color. So, for black/grayscale print, your students might be able to have a printed copy (in addition to electronic) while you still come out ahead, in terms of cost. I mention the consumer class printers really just to emphasize per-page costs and perhaps with regard to one-off copies. If you are trying to outfit several hundred students, you would probably want to farm the printing (and binding) out to a professional, on-demand printer. I'm unfamiliar with what happens to color costs in that environment. My main point is that open textbooks may make economic sense, even without dropping a computer in front of every kid. I went to Middlebury College's Summer Language Program for French. In seven weeks, I skipped past 2 years of college level French classes. I was well beyond the norm for that class, but it was not an exceptional amount of work. The instructors there were a real credit. And it was a kick to sit down at dinner with people from the more advanced classes (including graduate level learners) and have them respond somewhat incredulously, "You're in BEGINNING French?" It was fun -- a lot of fun, and mentally challenging in a good way. That made it easy to do. The Middlebury French program was just beginning to use a new video based course course instruction / materials. This didn't reduce the contribution of their instructors, but it enhanced the experience significantly. It really helped in presenting French as actually spoken (well, relatively so; it's still relatively free of the everyday slang and contractions). It also presented language use in context . You saw the setting in which things were being discussed and used. There was a lot of supplementary information regarding (Parisian) French culture and behavior, that you picked up not deliberately but as much by osmosis while watching the story within the lessons. And there was just that, a running storyline that helped you to stay engaged and curious as to how it would unfold. It was somewhat campy, deliberately so and with an open wink, but nonetheless enjoyable. Finally, you could watch the videos as often as you liked. Something I found possible with the videos, while language audio tapes almost immediately put me to sleep. (Actually, the Middlebury instructor was godmother to the video course developer/instructor's daughter. She had a very good handle on the material and an excellent pedagogical pedigree. Her assistant was equally excellent.) For Spanish, there is at least one instructional course I am aware of that uses videos. It is fairly contemporary with the French video material I've been describing. Destiños http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Destinos The videos are available on line, albeit in DRM'ed WMF/WMV format with a quite small framesize. A legitimate route to a better format may be through your library (tapes/DVDs: unfortunately very expensive for individual purchase), or per chance a local PBS station if you are in the U.S. There is also at least one torrent floating around, although I've never downloaded it. Again, the show has a running story to help keep you engaged. By the way, at the bottom of that Wikipedia page is a link to a page on the French video course that I was describing: French in Action. HTH P.S. I didn't look at your links, yet, Wallflower (my apology, but I wanted to respond before I got sidetracked). Your text did mention Beloit and "not for beginners". This suddenly made me think further of my own experiences. Middlebury's program was billed as "immersion", and you actually signed a "contract" of sorts stating that you would use the language you were learning exclusively at all times to the best extent possible. Sounds really impressive, up front. In practice, many of the beginning class members were not that motivated and they mostly spoke English outside of class. The amount of effort and success varied, and plenty of people showed some good will effort. But the "immersion" experience did not match the marketing. I was more than a little frustrated by this. But in terms of a lesson to pass on, I would say not to allow yourself to be intimidated by such marketing language. If you have an honest intent to learn and practice, that's probably going to quickly place in you the top 25% of performers, regardless of your starting ability. I also spent some time during college in Munich, Germany, as part of an exchange program. Again, the program billed itself as "advanced" and requiring fluency and daily use of German. In practice, a lot of those kids could barely string a sentence together. (And you haven't lived until you've heard German spoken with a full on Dallas drawl. ;-) It seems that one kind of marketing for these language courses focuses on projecting the image of "advanced learners". My personal, anecdotal experience is that, for the U.S. audience, at least, and a couple of decades ago, this was consistently, dramatically exaggerated. Don't let a bunch of attitude put you off. If you really want to learn, you're already ahead of 4/5 of the pack. Cheers! A few years ago, I saw a news article about a small Canadian study (out of Alberta, I think; maybe the University at Edmonton) that found nicotine to be as effective as prescription medications in mediating AD(H)D symptoms. I've seen other items online emphasizing its effect on concentration. I'm having trouble googling up a reference, but I did find this: http://www.accessibility.com.au/news/adhd-appears-to-increas... "We've already shown that nicotine-based medications can treat ADHD symptoms" I was responding specifically to nikblack's comment about finding it more effective than caffeine when hacking. I didn't mean to imply it's all puppies and daisies. Amongst other things, nicotine's a vasoconstrictor. Long term exposure may not be the best thing for one's cardiovascular system, even leaving out the tar, volatiles, and plutonium that come with tobacco smoke. Then there's the whole dance it performs with neurotransmitters and multiple addictive centers in the brain. I recall some researchers speculating that it may be so addictive at least in part because it activates multiple centers associated with addiction, whereas most drugs only activate one or another of those centers. Definitely get out of there. However, I'd suggest considering keeping the current job while you look for the next one. If you are looking for a "standard/real" job, being currently employed seems to be viewed as a plus. And it may take some pressure off, money/benefits wise, so that you don't end up feeling the need to take whatever ends up being available/offered. This approach may still make you feel somewhat better. Once you know you are getting out of the current situation, its annoyance becomes a temporary inconvenience. Still a hassle, but not one you are going to endure indefinitely. On the other hand, a job does take up a lot of time and energy, particularly traditional business hours. And -- as I know from personal experience -- a bad situation can become so soul sucking that it becomes paralyzing. Agree with the Dunkel. While I wouldn't want to be limited to any one beer, it should definitely be included in a list of beers to try. That's part of the fun -- so many different kinds, many special each in their own way. And for me, at least, often specific memories associated with the different kinds. I only finally purchased a house in an attempt to get away from a series of noisy apartment neighbors. I'd had enough trouble with noise in apartments that I was unwilling to make a purchase commitment in a similar environment (shared building). If apartments and condos were quieter, I would probably have continued to rent. Being not "settled down" at this point in time, the flexibility and lack of hassle dealing with ownership issues (especially maintenance) are definite pluses. Or I might have purchased a condo or coop unit. As people natter on about more efficient living, I continue to wonder whether there is a model that could incentivise the construction of apartment units that make a serious attempt at soundproofing. I guestimate 10% - 25% additional construction cost, depending on degree of soundproofing and on economies of scale. Hopefully toward the lower end, even with good soundproofing, particularly if there were a significant amount of such construction occurring. (I don't know about retrofitting, although I am skeptical as to its being effective in many situations.) I'd just point out that it depends in part on the time scale you apply. If things get "dumber" for a while, a compensating circumstance is likely to arise. Whether you view it as positive or negative is subjective; it will occur. I don't take that on faith. Rather, it's my prediction based on all the historical and scientific data and analysis we've accumulated. What gives me some hope for our current circumstances and our own species, is that so far, as education and affluence rise, birth rates drop. If we can use this to mitigate the pressure of increasing population against dwindling resources (including the health of ecosystems), perhaps we can reach a sustainable existence with regard to the earth and its ecosystems. Our species' evolution will continue, but hopefully in a sustainable fashion. Life has shown itself to be very pervasive, at least on this planet. If we fill the world up with radiation, heavy metals, organic toxins, and whatnot, some forms of life will adapt to cope. But I'd prefer that there not be such a large set back. Not another "great extinction". Life on the planet has reached an interesting level of complexity. I'd rather see that continue on without interruption. But then again, that is merely my subjective preference. Are you designing (1), or supporting? Whether you are programming, administering, PM-ing, or doing something else, I find the question pertinent. If you designing, actively creating, you are likely to be engaged. If you are merely supporting others, you are more likely to be neglected and relegated to repetitive tasks as well as "clean up" for others' mistakes. In good part, I find it a matter of control. If you do admin work, but are allowed to find, create, and implement better ways of doing it, you are likely to be engaged. If someone else is telling you what your environment will be (in minutia), what your tools will be, and basically turning you into a glorified button pusher, you are likely going to suffer. (I base this in part on your presence in this forum. I've met plenty of people who are more than happy to just push the indicated buttons.) In some of my more engaging work, my technical role was pretty mundane. But it was a tied to a group of people who were having trouble getting their act together. By listening to them and getting them to talk to each other, openly and directly, I changed to process from a morass to a success. Thus my mentioning PM and other work. I find that often it's not (just) what I'm doing, but what kind of control I have. Almost always, I see opportunities for improvement. If I'm allowed to pursue those, I'm happy. (And I do so responsibly, communicating my efforts up the chain of command and documenting things.) If I'm not, well, I'm still learning to get out fast. I've already squandered more than enough time on "the way things are supposed to be". ---- 1. not meaning the current tendency to associate "design" with UI design Have a look at the legends on the map images. E.g. http://www.nrel.gov/gis/il_csp.html isn't found anymore, but this appears to be a current index for items from the same source http://www.nrel.gov/gis/maps.html NREL == National Renewable Energy Laboratory "The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) is the nation's primary laboratory for renewable energy and energy efficiency research and development (R&D). "NREL's mission and strategy are focused on advancing the U.S. Department of Energy's and our nation's energy goals. The laboratory's scientists and researchers support critical market objectives to accelerate research from scientific innovations to market-viable alternative energy solutions..." Reminds me of a few sociology papers. Some of the most * awful, self-referential terminology I ever came across. Might have been just those papers, or my mood, but it left a permanent bad taste. A thought: If they want you bad enough and you are in the U.S. or similar, make continued healthcare coverage and maybe some other benefits part of the negotiations, even if you go contract. (+) Sabbatical? Some companies will offer/support that kind of a time off model. Guard your IP. + I'm not certain this is possible, but I've heard sometimes vague descriptions of such arrangements. It seems to me that staying within a larger pool would be preferable to purchasing independently. For health insurance, is there a benefit (so to speak) in staying within the former employer, now client's pool, as opposed to shopping independently? I don't know much about this and what is possible. I've heard mention in the past of some people achieving such an arrangement. Whether that information was correct, I am uncertain. EDIT: I updated my prior comment, above, to better reflect my uncertainty. And it's been said there's no humor on HN -- err, IN. I use Firefox with the Web Developer extension. In the latter, I have a few different Window sizes pre-defined. Changing to the desired Window size in only a drop and click away. Deep Thought Does Earthlink impose a usage cap? (Comcast's is currently 250 GB/month, IIRC.) I wasn't too interested in the linked blog post, but the title made me think of Resolver. http://www.resolverhacks.net/resolver.html http://code.google.com/p/resolver/ I have no experience with it (I'd be interested in comments from those who do), but the premise is intriguing and it appears to be non-vaporware, if still beta. (N.B. It appears to be going in the opposite direction, in some ways, from what the posterous page is proposing.) ---- Separately, I'm reminded of a recent page I encountered where someone describes (including how-to steps) using SQLite as a backend for Excel, for handling large datasets that benefit from the Excel interface (without getting into the whole Access thing/disputes). Googling, it looks like the below is the page. I haven't read through it, yet, but I'd made a mental note to do so sometime. I'll still mention it in case it intrigues anyone else as it did me. http://blog.gobansaor.com/2009/03/14/sqlite-as-the-mp3-of-da... I used to have a Koh-I-Noor brass barrel Rapidomatic 0.5 mm mechanical pencil that was the best thing I'd ever written with. Foolishly, I took it to a training class one time and lost it. I've never been able to google or eBay a replacement. (There is still a Rapidomatic line, but it is plastic barreled, without the stability and heft that made the brass barreled model so exceptional. The closest I've found is the Rotring 600 line, which was still carried by Levenger. Also metal, and with a decently decisive action, but neither as precise nor as well weighted as the Koh-I-Noor. Checking now, it appears Levenger no longer offers it. The Koh-I-Noor loss has been a bitter blow. The weight of the brass provided just enough pressure to allow the pencil lead to glide very smoothly over paper with minimal downward pressure. And the weight was just enough to dampen slight tremors without making writing an effort -- in fact, it was less effort as I didn't have to work as hard to suppress the tremors and minor motions or stutters against an uneven paper surface. As for the "hacking" aspect: Pencil/pen and paper is still one to the best interfaces I've found for prototyping and for freestyle association. In addition to its freeform nature, I find writing is enough slower than typing that it causes me, in slowing down, to really think things through. I may generate less raw output, but it tends to be of higher quality. That extra bit of delay often allows my mind to go further on a point and to gain insight I otherwise might not achieve. There is also something kinesthetic about pencil/pen and paper that resonates with my personality. Working in the medium itself begins to generate a positive feedback loop. Pricing makes me think of YAPC. I went to one of those; it was a great time. Lots of talent, both local and big name. Larry Wall ended up being sick (IIRC), but Damian Conway gave a great introduction to programming in Klingon (with working prototype). http://www.archlug.org/kwiki/KlingonPerlProgramming http://www.perl.com/lpt/a/560 Didn't work for me, at an initial low dose (5 mg). I found my mind "slipping off of things". It was "on to the next thing" before I'd really thought through the current thing. I "just sent" some emails and did some other things that, upon reflection, were not good choices. I cut the low starting dose in half, and that helped; at that level, "pause and check" still has enough control to keep me from disregarding consequences. I'm a bit hesitant to share this, but I'm curious whether anyone else here has had a similar reaction. You can email me if you don't want it out in public (pseudonymous email address, presumably). James Bach turned QA into an independent gig. There are a few others who have significant public personae. I haven't checked in on his blog, lately; it's here: http://www.satisfice.com/blog/ http://www.satisfice.com/recommends.shtml I don't know whether this will be any use to you. Hope it helps, though. It may not be what you are looking for, but if you want a C based intro CS text, this classic is now freely available. Foundations of Computer Science http://infolab.stanford.edu/~ullman/focs.html1 There's research suggesting that phoneme patterns are not arbitrary. Have a look at Theo Vennemann (Berkeley, Munich) and his work on syllabic structure -- I recall some very interesting stuff from the latter '80's. If you are a sci fi fan, you might enjoy David Brin's "Earth". Such devices feature prominently in some parts of the story. A good read, regardless. Does anyone have experience with a chording keyboard? The idea has intrigued me, but I haven't ponied up to try one out, yet. It appears there are now more choices; the last time I looked, I didn't find much other than the BAT, and the over $200 pricetag (at that time) was a deterrent. http://tifaq.org/keyboards/chording-keyboards.html I use a similar program, Ditto (Windows only). Ditto is very configurable, including allowing one to specify what clipboard formats are captured. It uses SQLite for the datastore and supports searching of the clip history. I agree with the parent; a clipboard manager is great for assembling information while minimizing context switches. In particular, I've worked in environments offering rather limited screen real estate. In those, Ditto helps keep me from overdosing on Alt-Tab. It's also useful for parking "I may need this" snippets for longer term reference. With the search facility, as long as I remember some aspect of the snippet, it's usually only a second or three away from my fingers. In 2001, I visited some friends in Cologne. One afternoon, two of us cycled down to a big stretch of open parkland along the right bank of the Rhein. It was a warm spring day, and "everyone" was out enjoying the weather. Lots of groups camped out on the grass with picnic lunches. Along came a herd of sheep. Yes, sheep! (I said to myself, after a double-take.) Nobody got upset; neither people nor sheep. The sheep slowing munched their way forward, the herd casually breaking around the various groups. I got some great pictures. Not online, unfortunately. I notice a lot of repetition across the sites I frequent. I'm asking myself, who are the best aggregators, of both story and comments. If they are a bit behind some of the other sites in timing (e.g. Slashdot), perhaps that is a good thing, as it lets the "truthiness" gel and the counterpoints to accumulate. I'm not saying I've succeeded, but that's my current thinking. Also, I'm using news browsing way too much as avoidance. Inasmuch, it's an emotional activity. Acknowledging this allows me to tackle it more directly. (Some recent... news stories, argh! -- discussed an apparent strong correlation between emotional intelligence and procrastination. They got me thinking...) EDIT: I should say "negative correlation", as in, the higher the EI (however that's measured), the lower the incidence of procrastination. It may not be rigorous, but I've found it useful to consider. Unrelated except for the impression it forms in me: This story reminds me of encountering one of the chief officers of a small/midsize electric power company in Iowa, back in the 1980's. They were actively working with Amory Lovins, of the Rocky Mountain Institute, on energy conservation because they recognized that the resultant leveling of peak generation demands made them more profitable. They sold less power, but their margins improved enough to more than compensate. Everyone won. It's always impressive to find a company willing to think outside of the established "box", and to work with their customers. To my mind, it represents a generalized form of hacking. It's not just about technology, per se, it's about finding a better way -- and, when speaking of commerce, making a business out of it. Kudos. Firefox extension "Scrapbook". What is your personal signal to noise ratio? Seriously -- sometimes it helps to frame the analysis in an analogy having deliberately non-emotional terms. People are here in good part for the high S/N. Humor is much appreciated, but only when it doesn't start to materially impact S/N. Too much navel gazing is also frowned on; self-analysis becomes N rather than S. The personal connection that develops to the site has a significant foothold in the respect that the members exhibit, as demonstrated in the high S/N. Just to be clear: I don't mean this comment to be a criticism, in case it comes across that way. And I'm not saying my S is particularly high. This is all stuff that others have said; there have been some very interesting conversations regarding what makes HN special. It is simply my take, and distillation, and a simple mental framework I use for myself when participating. Finally, I'll add that my response is not particularly personally directed, but is made instead for and to the overall thread. Link to overview, for those who prefer to know what it is without/before bumping up against a PDF. http://linear.ups.edu/ "Healthy Foods for Under $1" was discussed a while back. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=414298 Here was my suggestion (sweet potato): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=414398 It looks like she had a page on li batteries, but it's been removed: http://www.science.uwaterloo.ca/~lfnazar/linda%20nazar%20li-... This announcement / press release has a bit more information: http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2009-05/nsae-crt05180... The finding is reported today in the on-line issue of Nature Materials. http://www.nature.com/nmat/journal/vaop/ncurrent/abs/nmat246... Yet a bit more info, including some numbers, for those who don't have access past the paywall: http://www.greencarcongress.com/2009/05/researchers-develop-... I found this interesting: If our meeting isn’t going anywhere after ten minutes, you’ll notice a not so subtle shift as I move into "shit, I’ve got five more minutes left -- I better get something out of this meeting." So, if the meeting isn't succeeding, he gets antsy and tries to make something out of it. That seems reasonably admirable to me. As for the advice, I wish it could be communicated and applied generally. How many meetings have I sat through where the participants spent the prior hour or several browsing or socializing (open space environment)? They get into the meeting, and the organizer spends 45 minutes of the hour lecturing to them about the topic. If people had prepped, the meeting could be 15 minutes and end with an informed decision, instead of being prelude to a subsequent meeting wherein a decision may or may not be reached. Meeting organizers play their part in this; all too often the agenda is mailed out 5 minutes before the meeting. Like that's going to do any good. It's CYA and does not serve any purpose of genuine communication. I'm hesitating to post this, as my tone sounds somewhat negative. But it's what I've observed, all too often. I think it should be taken as a warning sign. In the best groups I've worked in, people know what's going on and the meeting quickly moves on to what needs to be done, or to sharing genuinely novel information -- usually newly acquired and so not yet disseminated. If you encounter a lot of the scenario described in the prior paragraph, start hunting for a new position. Even if your current position is stable, it is likely to hold you back. I think rephrasing / reframing it as "show your better side" may sometimes be useful. I don't like the "fake" connotation; on the other hand, realizing others' reactions to you will correspond to your deportment, is useful. Heck, your reaction to yourself will correspond to your deportment. This is why a central tenet of self-help is self-respect. Thinking of this another way, most people are social creatures and have a certain tendency to "follow the crowd". If "the crowd" at a particular moment is you, and if you are demeaning or dismissive of yourself, they will pick up and respond to the message. Sometimes -- often -- socialization not about some "absolute" of behavior. It is all about context, and about relative values defined within that context. Don't blemish your own reputation (or "brand", as they say these days), either by being a fake or by disgorging all its flaws. People aren't too interested in the flaws, unless it's something they can and need to learn from. And the situations and time for such sharing and learning are a limited part of overall social activity. EDIT: Upon rereading, I guess I may have digressed a bit from the business / start-up context of the original question. But there, too, people are most interested in how you can solve their problems and make their lives better. Don't let the challenges you face overshadow your ability to do this for them. This may not be what you're looking for, and I don't generally favor medication. However, for a personal, anecdotal perspective. A number of years ago, when stress was particularly high, I started taking St. John's Wort. In addition to taking the edge off of my anxiety, I found myself communicating somewhat more facilely particularly in random social encounters. It was a surprising and pleasant realization. Now, as a counter-balance, in addition to lessening my anxiety, the St. John's Wort also seems to lessen my "spark" somewhat, depending on dose. I countered this somewhat by adjusting the dose, e.g. at times taking 150 mg as opposed to the "standard" 300 mg. It's not a dramatic effect, and people still consider me plenty witty (when I'm in good form); but I do sometimes notice, particularly after it wears off, that I'm "seeing further/deeper". The thing about St. John's Wort is that it is over the counter. It's also considered to be generally fairly benign, although you do need to be aware of potentially adverse effects on some other medication regimens. There are others to be aware of, but as an example, if you are female you should be aware that St. John's Wort lessens the effectiveness of oral contraceptives. St. John's Wort is also noted for increasing photosensitivity in some people. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St_Johns_Wort#Adverse_effects_a... For me, in part perhaps the St. John's Wort helps me to let go of my own concerns and to focus more on the immediate moment and what interests the other person. This immediacy eliminates much of the "hesitation" that quickly grows in awkwardness to the point where the interaction is killed. As I've gotten older and, frankly, my hormones balance has correspondingly changed, I've found it easier to achieve this state without e.g. St. John's Wort (or alcohol, or whatever else might be used). Also, being involved in an activity that is very engaging and immediate can also on its own bypass / short-circuit / obviate this "hesitation". So, I think there are ways to get towards what you describe without popping a pill. Perhaps meditation might be a component, over the longer term. Still, experiencing that ease is of itself interesting and informative, and so I share my experience for any benefit or further discussion it may promote. I wish you well, and I wish you particularly the social grace you seek: As one gets older, it does become apparent how "short" our time is, and how important social life is to one's quality of life. You are right to want to improve your own. Regards P.S. If you do look into St. John's Wort, be sure to find a product that is standardized not only against hypericin but also against hyperforin. I've found that only those products that ensure the latter have the best efficacy for me. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St_Johns_Wort#Chemical_composit... Upon reflection, I recall a period of time, earlier in my life, when I engaged in fairly intense, daily exercise. My social comfort increased significantly, as well as my overall ease with myself and "comfort in my own skin". Unfortunately, a rather serious injury from which I never fully recovered, eliminated my ability to continue engaging in that or similar exercise. But I would definitely look at personal fitness as a course of action. The trick is that it needs to be something you really enjoy and not just a chore. For me, that was cycling. I'd ride for 2 or 3 hours, get home, and be ready to do it all over again -- I liked it that much. Following up on my "meditation" comment. For me, the closest I got to meditation was perhaps my state of mind while cycling. I found it much easier to reach such a state while engaged in the activity of cycling. I'm not sure meditation need mean sitting in repose. And the cycling definitely encouraged attention to breath and the like. It encouraged an active, engaged attention to my entire body; simultaneously, the ability to "be in the moment" for extended periods of time. At its simplest, e.g. at the office, I use a $2 (oops, $3, now) Melitta single cup brewer. (1) http://www.amazon.com/Melitta-64007B-Single-Coffee-Filter/dp... All it requires is a cup, a number 2 filter, and ground coffee. Hot water is fairly ubiquitous, e.g. from the hot water / tea tap on the officer coffee machine. I also use a measuring cup (ok, this is getting complicated) to ensure I am not pouring in too much water, which would make a mess. At the office, grinding is not convenient. So I bring pre-ground coffee in "flavor seal" type bag; this an impervious (plastic/foil combination, typically) bag that has a one way valve that allows for pressure from the outgassing of CO2 to escape. For example, Starbucks, Caribou, and the like all sell their pre-packaged beans in these types of bags (not that I'm recommending them especially, but most people have probably seen the packaging; in fact, I believe "flavor seal" may be a Starbucks mark). To help keep the coffee fresh, after dispensing a dose into the filter, I press the air out of the bag (out of the top; the valve is not high enough capacity for this) while folding the top over repeatedly until I have the folds down fairly tight against the remaining grounds. Then I rubber band the folds into place. This removes most of the air, and outgassing further reduces O2 content as it sits. The coffee stays reasonably fresh until it is consumed -- I'm also not adverse to the flavor changes as it "ages" as long as that process does not go too far. With a minimum of fuss, I get a much better cup of coffee than the office can provide. If you grind your coffee but hate the mess of grinds getting all over the place, try placing the grinder inside a container like a Tupperware casserole pan or similar. The grounds only get as far as that container, which is easily wiped out. I have a big old beast of an Italian espresso machine, but I found it to just be too much hassle and mess. It sits in the corner of the counter, in need of a descaling. Cash is tight for me, right now: When I have a bit more disposable income, I'd like to try: Aerobie Aeropress http://www.amazon.com/AeroPress-Coffee-and-Espresso-Maker/dp... Pump and Seal Food Saver Vacuum Sealer http://www.pump-n-seal.com/ The latter to keep the beans fresh. ---- (1) All links are free of any referral ID's or any benefit to me. Just provided FYI. Your comment triggered some old memories. I'd kind of forgotten how passionate I used to be and how that all occurred in my free time. I currently have the time: I need to make the mental shift to consider it "free" instead of an absence of "what I should be doing". I realize my comment is a bit vacuous. Nonetheless, thanks for that moment of inspiration. This link appears to be devoid of usable content. However, I will say that if something like this were available and soundproof, I'd take it if stuck again in open space. (I imagine climate control would be near impossible, however.) I couldn't help thinking, too, that an "escape pod" feature would be nice. Mental image of, as the company fails, dozens of pods bursting through the walls and boosting away before the final strike hits. ;-) Wayback has a copy of MAAFIXED.PDF (I'm not sure whether it's appropriate / a good idea to include the link). Closest I found to what you describe (slow morning; needed some sort of challenge) is: http://philip.greenspun.com/materialism/early-retirement/ mentioned here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=533330 Doesn't quite fit your description, but maybe or maybe of interest (the article or the HN thread)? > The American Constitution is not a catechism but a hypothesis. That is a very catchy line. I enjoyed reading this, even if at the start I was wishing for a bit more of a top down / newspaper style construction. But it works, once you get a bit further into it. This is from http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/users/mkb23/ There is not currently a description in the displayed text of that page, but if you view the page source, you will find one. If this page is correct http://www.geocities.com/motorcity/downs/9828/fergy_12.htm it was probably somewhere near Waterloo > This was the first tractor built by Froelich who with > others formed the Waterloo GasolineTraction Engine > Company. This company manufactured the Waterloo Boy > tractors starting in 1914. The Waterloo Company was > purchased by John Deere in 1918 and became the John > DeereTractor Company. There are behaviors described here that have given me qualms in the past when I've practiced them. It is useful to have someone else call you on them -- or describe them, as in this page. It lets you know that your unease is not merely subjective; sometimes, self-doubt is a useful message. Yes. Try mixing half orange juice and half water. Very refreshing, and it doesn't impose as much of a "sugar rush" and crash. I used to drink this after heavy exercise -- I was never into sports drinks (amongst other things, the food coloring in them upsets my stomach). I found it very effective; it also stopped my stomach from cramping at the sudden introduction of a large quantity of water. I think of PUT as PUT == (over)write. GET == read PUT == (over)write DELETE == delete POST == invoke (custom processing) The effect of a POST then comes down to the definition of that "custom" processing. This is outside the scope of HTTP; don't conflate the two. A BIG PICTURE article. Some great pictures. I don't have time to wade through all the text here right now, but in my experience, enterprise software fails because/when politics and politicians control the product. The politicians may wear different guises -- Senior this-and-that or whatever -- but they achieved and hold their positions through politics. Just because it's corporate politics instead of public politics, doesn't make the political aspect less valid. Politically led projects often end up as an example of "designed (and implemented) by committee". To add to the trouble, committee membership is often restricted and distorted. The effective "committee" does not even have a balanced representation of the interested parties. I realize this sounds a bit vague, but I find it is a key/controlling factor in such environments. Your foremost problems are not technical, they are political. And before I sound too judgmental, it's apparent to me that it is simply a part of human nature. If such a system is getting in your way, sometimes the only solution is to not play its game. Sounds like that's what happened, here. In Google's case, they could afford to do so, and have the moxie to push the result. While looking at the recommendation, I noted that the book's website has a page of links to tools: http://portswigger.net/wahh/tools.html Nothing eyebrow raising, but if you're starting out, worth knowing about. What about making it an iPhone/Android/similar application? I envision people using it not just when reloading, but at the range, when buying ammo at the store, etc. I may be completely off in my opinion, but it seems the kind of thing that aficionados would drop a few bucks on. Some for making actual decisions; others to use as an adjunct/reference in conversation. And those phones are becoming a vast marketplace. For those using it for real work, other than reloaders, it would also place it at their disposal where they most need it: In the field. Downside: Less of a percentage as your take. Upside: You're not hosting the store. I am seeing iPhones all over the place, here in the Chicagoland area. And I'm seeing a lot of them in the hands of people I would hardly call technologists. I think that someone who is ready to drop significant change (money) on on guns and other shooting accessories (which aren't cheap), particularly as a shooting hobby, would be plenty willing and able to spend a bit extra for a smartphone. The phones have so many other uses; I imagine they, or rather their format and capabilities, are going to become standard fare within a couple of years (with the current economic "repression" being perhaps the biggest unknown factor in this evolution). Also, many shooters are technologists, if of a different flavor. A lot of time and attention paid to materials, workmanship, and performance. The leap to an iPhone or similar may be less of a gap in terms of mindset than might be imagined. If it's a good and useful tool, they will appreciate it. In short, many shooters may have the phones already, before too long. A few might be nudged into the addition expense by the availability and utility of applications such as this -- though I wouldn't count on such conversions of themselves for generating a significant market for the application. I don't know whether it makes sense for the original poster to go this route. It obviously would involve significant additional time and effort towards learning the environment and porting the application. Also some significant expense for the development environment. On the other hand, I -- again, just off the top of my head, or perhaps out of my other end ;-) -- imagine real potential in the resulting marketplace to which the application would have exposure. I could be quite wrong, but I'm throwing the idea out there for consideration/conversation. Bad form, perhaps, to keep responding to myself. But, where I used the word "shooters", consider also hunters. A real need to know trajectory under varying circumstances. Also a strong interest in location and orientation, where a smartphone GPS and onscreen mapping would be quite useful. Mapping of various sorts, including not just satellite and topo, but even property ownership; if you are hunting on private land or need to avoid straying onto same, it is useful -- perhaps critical -- to know the boundaries. This isn't all in place, yet, in a convenient fashion. But I can imagine it falling into place. You need your phone with you, anyway, if nothing else then for use in case of accident, injury, getting lost, vehicle failure, etc. If it can do all these other things for you, well, that's the cat's meow. If my imagination bears any resemblance to what evolves, it would seem to me to be a pretty decent market to sell into. Dare's blog is still up and reachable: http://www.25hoursaday.com/weblog/ but the particular link provided by the parent is rerouting to the obnoxious front page at rotten.com, which some may consider NSFW. The same behavior is observed when trying to access the post from the link on the front page of Dare's blog. Because of this, I'm flagging this submission. Maybe Dare can get his blog straightened out; but in the meantime, the link is not directly useful or appropriate. Thanks. Sorry to read about your trouble. Now that I know what's going on, I can live with the redirect if it's more expedient/effective to leave it in place particularly over the short term. pg, This sounds similar to the behavior I emailed about on 20090528, just as FYI/reminder. Just FYI, some (but not all) of the items linked from schedule.shtml are restricted content. E.g. "Preparation: Read Simon paper" ... "This paper requires an MIT personal certificate for access: The Architecture of Complexity" Will you also teach the child how to fight? Many victims have little or no clue how to do this. If you are going to promote a methodology, you should also teach/train it. Otherwise, your advice is empty and frustrating. I'll add that fighting back need not involve the same aggression expressed in the bullying. (Something else that may need to be / should be learned.) It is a matter of taking control of the situation -- and/or of your role in it -- rather than of becoming equally or more abusive. And there are techniques for that. In any given situation, they will not be full proof. But they may help the potential victim to regain a sense of control; a crucial aspect, I would argue, in resisting the bullying. I experienced a strong case of PTSD and low self-esteem as the result of an extended period of quite pernicious and malicious bullying. In my case, the principal bully -- the leader of a pack who all engaged in the bullying -- was the son of a higher level school official; some of the school staff saw it occurring but took no action, I speculate out of fear of retribution. For my part, I was also confused and frustrated by the situation. I had no desire to fight the fellow, and I didn't understand where this aggression was coming from. I also literally didn't know how to fight. No one ever taught me even the basics. The psychological impact was strong enough that I will live with it, to some extent, for the rest of my life. My recommendations to a parent or mentor would include: + Ensure the child is trained in self-defense. I will not allow any child of mine to be without such training. The purpose is not to become aggressive and controlling of others. It is to learn to remain centered and in control of oneself, and hopefully in control of the situation. At least in control of one's reaction to it. + Understand that, per my limited reading, bullying is an effective social strategy. Perhaps that may change as society evolves, but it has and does serve the purpose of promoting the bully and gaining them certain rewards. Not that the bullying is necessarily a conscious, pre-meditated decision with such rewards as the known and expected outcome. However, it is not a purely pathological social aberration. As such, it is something that will appear and that will need to be addressed. Saying it is "wrong" and "unfair" does not help the victim in dealing with the situation. Creating a social structure that aids the victim while mediating the bullying does. However (again), the individual cannot count on others always fostering such a social structure. The individual needs to be able to take care of themself. From that standpoint, they may then also be in a position to help foster a social environment that mediates against bullying. + Modern society seems to me to have created a bit of a "Lord of the Flies" situation. Many parents' daily lives are so separated from those of their children. Kids spend 8, 10 hours away from their parents in social environments that are strongly weighted towards their peer group, with limited participation by teachers, coaches and such as supervising adults. An entire subculture develops largely independent of broader society. Kids can end up very vulnerable within this. And the culture's message and influence is often to not communicate problems to adults. This reinforces the isolation of the victim. It doesn't fit your description of "a minimal text editor", but I"ve been happy with the free and well supported ToDoList: http://www.codeproject.com/KB/applications/todolist2.aspx It supports fairly full featured, hierarchical to do lists. However, it also has a rich text component for its comments, that supports the features you describe. I use that component for quickie logs; Control-D inserts a timestamp at the insertion point. Again, I realize it doesn't precisely fit your description, but on the chance you or another reader finds it of interest. FEBE and the related CLEO extensions have provided the ability to (locally) back up and transfer extensions, as well as other profile information, for some time. https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/2109 https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/2942 https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/6152 By the by, if any Googlers pass by, the linked page has a grammatical error: communicating the switch Google Apps to your organization should have another "to", i.e. communicating the switch to Google Apps to your organization Since this is a front page, maybe someone will want it fixed. I provided feedback via the site's feedback mechanism, as well, but that's geared for general site experience and may not be looked at beyond statistically. Got ahold of someone via email; they fixed it. Just to note, this is from 2008.10.1 . It's only mentioned because the publisher has teamed it up with "The Sands of Mars" in a double novel volume, but I've very much enjoyed Clarke's "The City and the Stars". I've been struck by its prescience, particularly given it was written in the late 40's / early 50's. Amongst other things: Immersive, virtual reality gaming as a major passtime and social venue. Crystalline data storage (think holographic storage). The inward nature of fear and self-absorption, and the need for society to have its outliers. The new and novel as the source of renewal. Upon reflection, one might consider the latter portion of my last sentence almost a pun. I'm often prone to consider "science fiction" to be research and requirements gathering for modern society's progress. Its authors sit at the leading edge, taking in what's new and looking forward. Intriguing, but the Addons page doesn't demonstrate how it works in detail, and the product's website is fairly uninformative to someone using NoScript. I'd suggest that the latter fail more gracefully in the absence of scripting. Edit: Ok, one in from the initial landing page, there is this link, under Publisher Tools, which has some more detail: http://www.webzzle.com/intl/en/publisher_tools.html I may just be a bit of an antique ;-), but I like to be able to do an initial evaluation of a website / product without enabling scripting. If I'm interested enough and develop a basic trust, I may enable scripting and investigate further. I'm not criticizing the use of scripting in the product or its website. I'd just like to be able to form a bit more of an impression without needing to enable it. I like the concept of merging Wikipedia and Google results (and/or other combinations). I've been growing increasingly dissatisfied with direct search engine results; it's taking longer and longer to find the decent content within all the noise. I just recently began setting up an inexpensive (cheap) workspace. Here are a couple of items and comments. I'm fussy about desk height particularly with regard to typing/mousing comfort. I wanted a desk having an adjustable height. At IKEA, I found this tabletop. It's large, has a nice writing surface, and has a rounded edge which adds greatly to working comfort. It was the largest, cheapest top they had. It is pressboard, not solid wood. For me, it has a pleasing if a bit "workroom" appearance. Note that, being pressboard, it will not support heavy loads. I simply cannot e.g. sit on it, stand on it, etc. It also might have difficulty with a monster CRT. Check the specified weight limit. Table top: VIKA PERSBO http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/50071207 For legs, I got lucky. The following trestle legs, normally $30 each (I seem to remember $20, but the former's what the website says, now) were on sale for $10. Note that they have adjustable height, and that the front and back heights can be adjusted independently to place the surface on a slant, similar to a draftsman's table (though more primitive). The height is adjustable; however, I found that the minimum height is still too high for my typing comfort (I like a lower surface). But, since the trestle is wood, it's quite easy to simple remove an inch or two from the bottom of the legs. If someone else subsequently wants to use the unit at a more standard height, they can simply adjust the surface upwards. Legs: VIKA ARTUR http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/20070662 To attach the top to the trestle legs, the trick I learned from an IKEA employee is to use adhesive backed Velcro strips. That is how they construct all their in-store set ups, and it is much more stable than the little "peg fits into hole" method built into the construction and provided hardware. For example: http://www.velcro.com/index.php?page=industrial-strength Product 90593: http://www.velcro.com/products.php?sortBy=category&catId... Refining their approach, mine was to figure out the position the legs would occupy under the top. Figure out where the Velcro strips on the trestle top will be; I left the screw heads visible for possible future disassembly. Make them long enough to allow for some adjustment, e.g. 4 - 5 inches each. Locate where the center of those strips will meet the underside of the top. Apply the complementary Velcro material in strips running perpendicular to this; again, make the strips long enough for some ad hoc adjustment. Position the trestles. Match the top up with one trestle -- it helps to have two people for this. Then adjust the other trestle as you lower the other side. The Velcro holds things together quite well. As an alternative to the trestle legs, IKEA offers a variety of metal legs that screw into the bottom of the tabletop -- the top is even predrilled in a pattern that accommodates many of them. The cheapest of those legs are simple metal tubes, at a fairly standard height, for $5 apiece. It appears they would make an ok table, although not as stable as the trestle legs (which make a quite stable unit). They can be lowered with a hack saw, if needed. IKEA also has adjustable, individual metal post legs, but they feel too wobbly to me. They have higher end leg pairs, including adjustable ones, that may be more stable, but I was doing this on the (extreme) cheap. So, to wrap up this overlong description, I have two of the Persbo tops, with trestles, that I will use in an "L" shaped configuration. The each top is large enough to easily accommodate a multi-monitor set up -- again, though, check weight. Maybe buy and set up one unit, first, to make sure you are happy with the results. If not, you still have a good, cheap work table -- maybe drop the printer and other stuff on it. I feel I went way over the top in my description, but I've been pleased with the results so far, felt it was a good "hack" of my workspace, and enjoy sharing knowledge I've won, of whatever sort. If you do give it a go and it works out for you, let me know. Oh, finally, re IKEA, prices, and "disposable" furniture. IKEA advertises that many of their wood products are from sustainable lumber. But I just saw an article recently that says this isn't necessarily true. They have only something like 8 inspectors checking lumber sources, and this just doesn't cut it. Probably, they are still ending up with a lot of black and gray market lumber, including apparently stuff coming out of Eastern Russia. So... If you buy / use their stuff, treat it like other, more expensive furniture: Maintain it, and if/when you get rid of it, pass it on for further use and do not simply junk it. Amongst other things, I think it has made a small car (other than e.g. a BMW 300 series and such) socially acceptable/desirable for a certain portion of the U.S. population. It's not just an economically influenced decision; there's still the motivation to "fit in". Keep your eyes open -- basic office chairs seem to often be on sale at one place or another. And sale prices often seem to knock a significant percentage off the normal price. People can be rather particular about their chairs, though. Make sure whatever you get is comfortable. Some may want to pick or bring in their own. You'll also want to make sure they roll ok on whatever you have as a floor. It gets tiring quickly if every tuck in to and every pushing back and standing up is an effort. Chair wheels are one factor. But if the flooring is just uncooperative, there are plastic chair mats that can help. They can also protect less durable flooring, if that is a concern. With the Persbo table/desk, if you try that route, I would suggest getting just one at first and seeing what you think of it. Tastes and performance needs vary, and I'd hate to steer you wrong if yours don't match mine. You might also look at some of the other table tops, e.g. if you decide you need a harder (laminate) surface or something capable of a higher load. Pay attention to the edges, though. I find that sharp angles on the edges are significantly less comfortable. I tend to lean on the table/desk edge at times, and they really dig in, then. Good luck! P.S. Try typing on the Persbo top, as well, if you can. I realize now that since it's lighter weight, it resonates a bit more with the typing and so makes the typing sound somewhat louder. Especially in a shared workspace, this might bother some people (I know others' typing noise bothers me; however, the workspace I described is my own, private one, so this is not a factor for me in using the Persbo top). Coming out of past experience, the term "dashboard" automatically sets off my b-llshit meter. I've never seen an honest implementation and use of one. In brief, in corporate settings there seems to be a strong inclination to "teach to the test", to mix metaphors. The dashboard influences how things are reported, more than it influences underlying behavior or generates true net improvements. As for the government initiative described, if they want to produce some rolled-up summaries, fine. But I am looking for public access to the raw data, as much as this is possible. There will always be members of the public (and media, if they can get their houses in order) willing to put in the time and effort to produce their own, independent analyses. It's the data we need, and not (solely) some bureaucrat's summation, subject sooner or later to political influence and manipulation, whether at the top or in the inputs. A year or two ago, there was some reporting on its effectiveness (presumably backed by a study, but I no longer recall) in limiting further peripheral tissue damage and the need for amputation, in diabetics suffering from that problem. Applied topically; not ingested. From your link, I see that your extension would look up a page in the Google cache. I used to use something else for this, but it, too, died. More recently, I found extension Resurrect Pages. Note that while its name specifies "Pages" and it adds a menu to error responses, if you right click on a link, the context menu gives options for invoking the extension on the link without first navigating to the linked page or the corresponding error response. As for Resurrect Pages, I just wish the resurrection options / sites were customizable (without hacking). Resurrect Pages https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/2570 If you don't go full time and don't take a job offering health insurance, you may want to take a course or two, enough to continue to qualify under your parents' health insurance plan (assuming you are in the U.S. and are currently covered in such a fashion.) Just the other week, I met the niece of a friend who is 20 or 21 and doing exactly that; she mentioned specifically taking a course so that she would continue to qualify as a student. You may feel young and immortal. Take my recommendation: Whatever you decide, try to arrange it so that you continue to have health insurance. I fell off my parents' coverage after college and unfortunately suffered a serious injury before finding my own coverage. I paid dearly for that, not just in dollars but in long term outcome. When cross-referencing e.g. with reference materials, yes. Have you ever asked a question and had the answer solution occur to you while you are describing the question? I believe that may be similar. I've heard it said that an explanation for this scenario (speaking to another as a catalyst) may be due to the fact that speaking engages different brain functionality. Both the motor skills of speaking, and the effort to compose the idea and question into a well-composed, meaningful expression. Separately, with regard to writing, does anyone else notice a difference between writing longhand and typing? For me, whether it's a kinesthetic difference, or that long hand slows me down a bit more so that my thoughts have longer to percolate before being recorded, I find myself more concise and frequently more eloquent when writing long hand. For important things, I'll still sometimes write them out long hand even if their eventual destination is a computer. Author's page http://www.info.ucl.ac.be/~pvr/cvvanroy.html I'm guessing the PDF chapter is from this textbook, described on the author's page: Programming textbook: Concepts, techniques, and models of computer programming It's published by MIT Press. EDIT: Page for English version of book: http://www.info.ucl.ac.be/~pvr/book.html Note also the links at the bottom of that page, to other books and sites listing freely available books. http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/8u5dp/erik_nagg... I realize this comment is in the nature of a quip, but I've been saying for some time that China (and similar) is/was the prototype. I had a look at this, and then saw the link at the bottom to "He's Only in Field Service". http://www.folklore.org/StoryView.py?project=Macintosh&s... There is certainly a message in that about taking care of the customer, and not making assumptions. Oh, my bad. Thanks for the correction. Since I took the time to find a little context for the orignal linked PDF, I thought I'd share for others' convenience. A while back, someone came out with a prototype driver for a mouse that used, for lack of a better word, "stabilization" to compensate for a jittery hand. I want to say it was an IBM Alphaworks project, but I'm not sure. Think of image stabilization, but applied to mouse input rather than a camera image. If a shaky hand is limiting his ability with the mouse, while a long-shot, it might be worth looking into this. (I'll google around a bit and see if I get lucky.) ---- EDIT: The following apparently is only for Windows. Whether you might be able to adapt/adopt it in one way or another, I don't know. SteadyMouse http://www.oatsoft.org/Software/steadymouse/ The page mentions an IBM hardware adapter as both inspiration and as a possible alternative, albeit one that (as of 2006) is not yet available. A comment to the page mentions this hardware adapter. Looks like it sits on the mouse's USB line and is fairly OS independent. I can understand the pricing based on the probable small size of sales and corresponding mode of manufacture. And for someone really needing it, it may be money very well spent. But it's not cheap. (On the other hand, some of use spend as much on ueber-keyboards.) http://www.montrosesecam.com/index.html Per the About page, it looks like this is the licensed offshoot/production of the IBM product: In 2004 IBM secured a global licensing agreement with Montrose Secam Limited to manufacture and market the mouse adapter. http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/8tiip/opera_uni... One thing I've heard mentioned occasionally but still have not seen covered extensively/comprehensively in the mainstream media, is the shifting of risk in the U.S. in the last, say, 30 years, from institutions to individuals. For example, the movement from professionally managed pensions to individually managed (and often choice-limited) 401k plans as a main vehicle for retirement savings. I don't know whether the book addresses those aspects of risk, or whether it shares my viewpoint on them, but I welcome the review and the attention the post may place on risk as a topic. The conversation here could become quite interesting. Someone recently commented, here on HN or elsewhere, that IT is often viewed as a cost center, not a profit center. Anyone who has spent any significant amount of time in corporate life knows what happens to cost centers. They are at best "tolerated" and are squeezed as hard as they can be. Anytime the bottom line needs a bump, the first thing requested is a list of "cost centers". (I typed a bunch more, but I think I'll leave it at the above, for our mutual benefit.) Cheers! (From the voting, I think I owe you a few upmods! :-P ) In a previous job, I sometimes had to context switch often and on short notice. I'd invariably lose track of my time allocations. I needed to keep track of billable hours across often 3,5,7, or more projects and tasks (and categorizations of work type) at a time, and manual recording was just not cutting it. This was a Windows shop, and I found, of all things, a little AutoHotKey script whose interface was, in the main, exactly what I was looking for. At a predetermined interval, it would pop up a dialog asking whether I was still doing the same thing. The dialog was on top but did NOT steal focus. If I was in the middle of typing something, I could continue uninterrupted. If I was doing the same thing, one click to dismiss. If not, I could select one of an active set of items from a dropdown list, and time recording would start logging that item instead. If I was doing something new, I could type it into the textbox at the head of the dropdown list, and it would become the identifier for the new record. No additional dialog or multiple step set up: Just type it in and go. Also, if I remembered to do so, upon context switch I could click its icon in the taskbar to get the same prompt immediately. Data was saved as simple CSV or similar. I could suck it into whatever I wanted and sum and reconcile it there. Typically, I'd do this in Excel, and it would go quite quickly. I set the time interval to 5 minutes; that was enough resolution for my billing. It sounds annoying, perhaps, but I quickly got used to it and responded mostly automatically. There were two problems: 1) It was buggy. A subset of records would have their start and/or stop times recorded incorrectly. I could fix them manually, when summing and reconciling, but grumble. 2) I would have liked a further interface to tweak records on the fly, for when I recorded the wrong item, got called away from my desk, or whatever, while the program continued to measure my time under the last/wrong event. I never got around to learning AutoHotKey's scripting and improving it. That job is over with, now. And perhaps that is in a way a comment on the need for such time recording. If your time, ore measure of same, is becoming that fragmented, you may want to consider an environment that is less fragmented. Yes, I thought of that as I wrote my comment. However, I see it as a somewhat separate problem. The pension funds were, essentially, raided. If that were prevented (that dreaded word, regulation), we might still be in a situation where pensions provide a very stable retirement income. Further, preventing such behavior would force the pension providers to own up to and correct their problems sooner, instead of milking retirement earnings as a short term compensation for those problems. Those that couldn't correct their problems would fail. But the pensions would remain intact. I think what is currently happening with many pensions in the U.S. -- e.g. underfunding followed by default of one manner or another that transfers the pension obligations to the increasingly underfunded Federal government insurance/guarantor program that pays a small portion of their original value -- is criminal, ethically where not (explicitly enough, apparently) legally. But it does not of itself discredit the concept of pensions. At the same time, I'm no expert in this. I'm open to considering opposing arguments. Let me put part of my point another way: Expecting every future retiree to become an investment expert is inefficient. All that time and effort duplicated across so many people, to manage in each individual case relatively small amounts (excluding that small percentage of the very wealthy). But maybe it's like democracy; all that work by individuals is necessary to keep the system honest. And when the work isn't done, the system degrades. Perhaps the best we can do is to all hire investment advisors (whom we choose) and to treat no investment, no benefit as "guaranteed". But, with regard to the topic of risk, this is a lot of individual risk. I don't find negative emotions to be a good source of motivation. They can work in the (very) short term. But they do not build a positive momentum. To remain motivated over the long term, I need the reinforcement of positive emotions. Each step becomes a victory of sorts that encourages me to go further. Setbacks become problems to be solved, instead of internalized self-judgment and low self-worth. If something produces negative emotions, I will begin to avoid it wherever and whenever I can. If something produces positive emotions, I'll seek out more of it. I can feel awful about myself but complete a paper at the last minute in order to avoid failing a class (i.e. a very negative outcome). A string of such events does not add up to an academic career. I can do this shit assignment to avoid losing my job, associated health care benefits, etc. It's not going to turn me into the "go getter" who advances at this company. If I do shit work all the time, with a big grin on my face in order to suck up to management, well, past a certain point I think that starts to become pathological. My take (just from the provided page and not from further context) is that Gates was saying MS does not do a new version of software on the basis of / for the sole or primary purpose of fixing bugs. This does not mean they do not fix bugs in a new version. It means fixing bugs is NOT the motivation for doing a new version. Bug fixes do not provide sufficient motivation for users to purchase the new version. EDIT: I did not mean for my comment to be a child to this parent. Clicked wrong when beginning it. This reminded me of a recent thread on another one of his blog entries. Seems somewhat relevant (not wasting time, and what to do if he were to not say no to you): Preparing For A First Meeting With Me http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=615464 You appear to be spamming guidesigner.net links, beginning five days ago. A few have garnered several upvotes, but now I'm seeing 4 of your items in the top 30 "new" items, none remarkable. You've made no comments. More details: http://www.semiconductor-today.com/news_items/2009/JUNE/FUJI... I keep thinking I should get a voice recorder (my MP3 player can record, but starting up recording takes several seconds). But the sound of my own voice makes me uncomfortable, and I'm doubtful I would follow up. I also get ideas e.g. when driving. A voice recorder could capture those. Recently, I discovered while trouble-shooting something else that my old cell phone has a sort of half-*ssed recorder built in (requires extended button press; voice notes limited to 1 minute, despite having a 1 GB card in the thing). I imagine this feature is available on iPhone, Android, etc.? The "Burnout" graphic is from despair.com, by the way. They have quite a collection of similar "demotivators". http://www.despair.com/viewall.html I thought of IceBreaker as well, before scrolled down the comments. Not that I'm trying to steal your stake. Point to you. It's catchy. I think it also catches a bit of the flavor of the implied bar scene: Ice in the drinks. And breaking through the ice of resistance/rejection. Probably all sorts of graphic design possibilities, too, in the hands of a good designer. Maybe you could call those last ditch, pull out all stops lines "SOS" -- Save Our Ship. Not that I'm much of a bar person. I'd need the version with the built in taser. Place the phone in my hip pocket, and it jolts me forward until I actually am face to face with the party of interest. You're unnecessarily limiting your marketshare. (Or are you? Do women use pickup lines (on guys)?) ;-) I upmodded, but I wanted to say that that gave me quite a good laugh. :-) At the moment, the page's "MD5 sum" link is not resolving. http://download.virtualbox.org/virtualbox/3.0.0/MD5SUMS For me, at least, I think "pickup" (and "pickup line") has something of a negative connotation. An "ice breaker" seems more neutral. It's about getting things started, not "sealing the deal". I also think "pickup lines" tend to be ascribed more to men. Maybe "ice breaker" would also be a bit more gender neutral (if you are interested in marketshare in both genders). P.S.: I'm both a bit older and a bit of a wallflower, so my perceptions may be off. I think the premise is a bit wrong. You build loyalty; rewarding it is a byproduct of building it. Back in the early days of Starbucks in Chicago, regulars were recognized by the staff. There'd be some chitchat. Apparently, cost accounting was not yet so anal retentive, and a staff member would occasionally comp you your drink or something else. If there was a dispute, "the customer is always right". Regulars really seemed to respond to that. Starbucks was not just about the coffee (or the mocha and sugar). It was a daily social experience. You might call the comping rewarding loyalty. I'd call the social interaction and comping building loyalty. It made Starbucks a place customers wanted to be. Not just for the coffee; for the larger experience. In a technical world, I think building loyalty has to do with offering a quality product and making product and knowledge acquisition as easy and streamlined as possible. For the social component, an active and informative community is hard to beat. Such communities need leaders. You can offer the leadership -- Look and PG and the moderators' effect here. Hopefully a community with coalesce. As for product and information, there has been a lot of discussion here. Minimize sign up hassles and make sign up a late-binding feature in your flows. Use a site design that organizes, is easy to read/view, and otherwise gets out of the way. Don't make your clients/customers jump through hoops. Don't make me solicit a friend in order to get a benefit. If I truly value your site, I'm going to tell my friend about it, regardless. What are you offering? Do that as well as possible. I'll keep coming back. And make sure you understand what you are offering. E.g. Are you just selling coffee? Or are you giving your customers a daily social routine? Another example: Amazon, NewEgg, and some of the other, better online retailers. Is it just the product, price, shipping? Or is it also all the peer reviews and tips? Also, for me Amazon means worrying less about my credit card information. Their inclusion of third party sellers works well for me in this regard, in that I can order while having trust in the payment system. In this case, I'd argue they are selling security (and convenience in ordering) as much as the product itself. Free shipping is a nice perk (and I know shipping is just merged into the price, anyway). But it's the previous things that keep my coming back to Amazon. It's not about rewards; it's about the original product. Really understanding what that is, and delivering it as well as possible. What's the context? For financial transactions or security concerns? Not so much. For creating work product I can evaluate and decide whether to use? Sure. Can I get my information back out, so that I've not lost all my time putting it into the product? How easy is bug reporting? Can I document and submit bugs quickly? I mean, I will put in the effort to be thorough, accurate, and concise in my descriptions. But can I do so without fighting the tracking software interface (and/or its host)? Can I easily and quickly track my issues, with update notifications so I don't have to remember to check status manually? So, is the risk manageable, the effort streamlined, and the feedback responsive? And, of course, does the product offer compelling features. Making bug reporting easy seems under-rated to me. Many times, I've found a bug, to give up on reporting it because the process is too cumbersome. And response to submitted bugs motivates me, as well. I appreciate being able to help a communal effort. I don't expect a lot of time and effort returned unless I've found something significant; a status change in the tracker may be sufficient. But shoving bug reports into a black hole of status quickly becomes demotivating. Links to rectal prolapse, not carpal tunnel. There are two instances of link http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~bh/ssch0/match.html which does not resolve. Examining the link construction on that page, it is apparent that the link should instead be the following, which does resolve http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~bh/ssch16/match.html One of the authors responded, so I'm guessing this will be fixed soon. Add on: + I don't have to maintain it. (Anti-malware, etc.) + Comes with the applications I want. (Wherever they are hosted -- local or on the net.) Chrome might make the netbook into an (true) appliance. A lot of people would like that. I think the killer feature for Google may be manipulable audio-visual. The ability to insert and control advertising in A/V media. There's a reason they continue to pour money into YouTube. Well, I requested to be notified / receive and invitation, some time ago. When the launch seemed to be beginning, I checked the site and made another request. Still no invite. So... once again, Google seems to be taking a haphazard approach to fulfillment. (Or they just don't like me.) This, despite pointing out a few recent flaws to them in other areas; one eliciting a direct response of "thanks" and an immediate correction (it was high visibility). Voice has a feature set that will be useful to me. I'll get in eventually. But I wish Google would pay a bit more attention to prioritizing customer requests vis à vis chronology and also reciprocity. Then again, maybe I should be comforted that they don't show more interest in me. ;-) And here I am, about to "give" them my phone line. Anyway, Googlers, can't you get more invites to those who've shown the most / earliest interest? Coincidentally, I happened across this older HN poll for Myers-Briggs types on the /best view, yesterday. Referencing for whatever interest it may be. It looked to me to be a rather interesting thread; I mean to go through it in more detail, as time/energy allows: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=204240 Without (yet) looking at the remaining text, "mindestens" causes me hesitation. "At least" or "at a minimum" does not seem to proscribe additional filtering, e.g. of IP addresses as opposed to DNS lookups. Perhaps the use here has a colloquial or legal definition I'm not understanding. But to me, this language sounds like the proverbial slippery slope. So, will providers work to restrict adherence to the minimum, or will they of themselves or in response to additional pressure go further? Or will the law go further by expanding the scope of this clause? I have no sympathy for the original crimes involved. I also have little trust in legislated censorship and in the control and mission of the same remaining undistorted. I also am uncertain whether it is an effective or appropriate means of addressing the situation. If only an approved government agency can research the situation, will the public be adequately informed? Democracy rests upon (relatively) equal access to information. What does legislation like this do to that basis? Short term versus long term benefit. If you are selling something with a long term benefit, you need to find a way to make that appealing. For those who live more in the moment (for whatever reason; not necessarily as a zen master), you will need to make that benefit seem immediate. I guess the trick is to do that without being dishonest. Perhaps that's why the "path" and "journey" metaphors are so common. The destination is some ways off, but you can set your foot on the path immediately and "enjoy the journey" all along the way. There is also the negative sale: Stop doing what you don't like. (Implied: My product is part of what you like. Start doing it.) Perhaps the constant advertising is then what continues to make it seem immediate, in lieu of immediate effects of the product itself. The pill doesn't cure you overnight, but the advertising keeps telling you it will, eventually. Keep popping it. The advertising is the immediate, Ersatz payoff. Just off the top of my head. ---------- As for me, I don't have a specific product I'm marketing, but I tend to push both aspects in my interactions with others, e.g. when helping/training them. I quickly fix an immediate problem. I then, and concurrently to the extent possible, explain what I did, how it works -- enough for them to see that they might be able to do this as well. Push/encourage them to run through the process as well; reinforces memory and convinces them that they actually CAN do this. Provide references and my continued availability, should they wish to pursue this further. I fix their problem: Pain killer. I show them how and that they can do this for themselves: Vitamin. For those who refuse to take the vitamin, the trick is to cut them off from the painkiller (your assistance) before they become addicted. Unless providing the painkiller forms the basis of your relationship, e.g. your continued employment. Just beware that such a relationship can turn turn pretty unhealthy. There's a difference between collaboration and dependence. But in the update they also describe problems with the setting; it doesn't update properly when the user changes it. Eventually FB will get this ironed out. But where is the QA on this effort? I like how she is "just doing it". As described, it's not primarily part of or subservient to some "agenda". Seems rather "hackerish"; hacking the local setting to combine urban and rural elements in a mix that suits her. My one caveat would be to make sure your soil is safe; urban settings have trouble with contamination, from "brown fields" to lead paint, motor oil, etc. The problems can be remediated or worked around; the thing is to know about them so that you can do so. I think the HN crowd is more likely to understand this safety issue. My challenge when talking with friends who start urban gardening is to point the concern out without sounding negative about their project. I'm really just concerned for their health; as long as that is assured, more power to them. Unfortunately, I think sometimes my attempt to be helpful in this regard just comes across as negative. Is there a reason the link to the PDF file is not linkified? Karma seems to be high enough. (I recall reading that linkifying is enabled at a karma threshold.) Does linkification not recognize the https protocol? I recall reading something similar with regard to the new, chipped U.S. passports. If the chip fails, the document is still valid. (Though I expect you might well be in for some hassle. And don't take my word WRT the document's validity; I'm just remembering some random thing I read.) I would imagine, though, that intentionally disabling it represents some form of criminally liable tampering or vandalism. Hopefully not forgery; I seem to recall that forgery carries some big penalties. I wouldn't see disabling some of the information as forgery, but I don't know how a prosecutor might argue the situation. The posted link has a trailing ")" that needs to be removed. If you've done testing, it's hard not to have some bitter comments. Testing, at the tail end of the development process, tends to catch all the sh-t as it's passed down. It's not a happy place to be. Full fledged Quality Assurance, participating in the entire development and deployment process, tends to provide more control. That proverbial "second set of eyes". Unfortunately, it's a role that, at least in software development, is seldom truly implemented and supported (and properly staffed). Many may pay lip service to it; enter the organization, and you get a different picture. The good tester often finds themself jerked around and disrespected. If they are good, they have options and move on. Which is a shame, as it's a much needed role (meaning particularly a proper QA role) and one that can be enormously effective, when supported and well done. Right side of page. First link under RELATED INTERNET LINKS. Medieval soldier database http://www.medievalsoldier.org/ "Security through obscurity". That sums it up. And obscurity is an increasingly scarce resource. And if you're worried about the "friend" aspect, I'll say that from your description his current approach sounds manipulative. In that sense, he's already given up [EDIT: or on his way to giving up] on the friendship; his "project" is leading him to manipulate his friends. I know nothing about this area, but Mums just asked me to help her and her business partner put together a DVD demonstrating their healthcare treatment techniques. They are "leading edge" in their field and need visual before and after documentation to convince others, particularly the mainstream medical community, that their results are real. To be clear, this isn't "crystal magnets and stuff"; it's advanced physical therapy and neuro-physiological techniques invoking neuro-plasticity and the like. Nothing too fancy required of the video, except that faces need to be blurred. Does anyone know of an open source / low or zero cost editor that can do that reliably? Once, some years in the past, she spent some thousands on a professionally produced videotape, but was underwhelmed with the results and a bit overwhelmed at the price tag given the relative simplicity of her editing needs (although I can see face blurring as a multi-hour "target shoot" kind of exercise, for the editor). Thus, this time her "computer literate" son has been drafted. EDIT: She works a lot with disadvantaged children. Good work, but there's not tons of money in it. So, she's not just being cheap. And as I'm between jobs, I'm avoiding expenses, myself. If you have to use such an unrelated association in order to elicit a good feeling from me, I'm going to mistrust your approach at a minimum, if not also your product. In other words, if you don't find the idea of your product itself sexy enough, why should I? Then again, I'm not the typical consumer; maybe I just don't fit your demographic. Either way: Next! Not a start up, but Tim Bray's in Vancouver. He mentions local start ups very occasionally on his blog, and I seem to recall he's been at least peripherally involved with or has dialoged with one or two, at times. http://www.tbray.org/ongoing/ Note: Link is to PowerPoint file. Thank you for reminding me of the persistent daydream that lives inside my head. Somehow, I didn't even think of it in considering this question; an indication that there is too great a distance between what I want and like and what I think I "should/must" be doing. There is an old orchard that I have been visiting for years. Every hour it it is bliss. Just saw this other thread about an HN Vancouver meetup. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=722724 A quiet home environment. A quiet work environment. I'm not anti-social; I just want to be able to escape others' noise and distraction when I am trying to concentrate or to rest. I do this, as well. And during/after exercise, I'll drink a 50/50 mix. I don't know whether it's the "proper" approach, but it keeps my stomach settled whereas a lot of plain water can start to feel "heavy" particularly in the stomach. I'm thinking particularly of long (outdoor) cycle rides, back when I did that. Perhaps I will try that. After the last major redesign, I found and continue find the enhanced emphasis on graphics -- e.g. larger profile thumbnails and whatnot -- distracting; I find it isn't as easy to quickly scan the page. I've idly thought a time or two of using a filter to block the thumbnail images. This thread made me think to try simply blocking all images. Result: A page much easier for me to scan. And while the quiz results are still there, their annoying graphics are not. Mind you, I like seeing my friends published photos, and sometimes a friendly profile thumbnail cheers me up. But the rest is mostly visual busy-ness that slows me down. As for the personal images in ad's, there's a way to effectively opt out of that, now. I believe it was mentioned here on HN. In Facebook, it's under Settings / Privacy / News Feed and Wall / Facebook Ads Set the value of Appearance in Facebook Ads to "No one". I think the Xmind link provided is to the wrong Xmind project. (That same, incorrect project is linked on the SourceForge page that the article links as a reference.) The article and the SourceForge page link to, respectively: http://xmind.sourceforge.net/ http://sourceforge.net/projects/xmind/ Where the project owner is dragon-software and description of the project is: Xmind come from Eliza, a simple chat bot.Xmind is a mind self chat system. Human being can talk with me.Xmind can record mind change, upload the history, and generate RSS information.Xmind learn from mind record, create question. However, the article describes the winning project as The social brainstorming and mind mapping application XMind . Such a description would correspond instead with: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xmind http://www.xmind.net/ Note that xmind.net has an open source, free version and also a Pro, for fee version. I agree with this. I'm perfectly fine interacting with people when that's the work at hand. I am frustrated when I'm forced to spend a significant amount of my energy trying to tune them out. And it's not just a matter of "choice" or "adaptation". I've worked on this for over 20 years, and my "adaptability" has not significantly altered. I'm very aware of my environment; this seems to be hard wired. It offers some advantages: I notice things others miss, and I'm very quick to infer new information from the details at hand. But it also means that open space is a living hell. I wish people in general were more willing to accept that different people thrive in different kinds of environments. But where there is a mix of personalities, often the loudest and most physically aggressive come to predominate the environment. I've also experienced this in my home environment, where the misfortune of a string of noisy neighbors -- even after moving -- have made being home an exercise. (The reasons I never transitioned to working from home.) My second priority would be for interesting, meaningful work. Preferably where I am continually learning and creating. I've paid my "button pushing" dues; in fact, I've repeatedly taught the machines to push those buttons for me, before moving on. IEEE used to offer special tours. Don't know whether they still do. A very interesting backgrounder on the Demarais empire. Lengthy but worth the read. I wonder whether Putnam has/is/will be acquiring top talent made particularly available by current circumstances. Definitely worth keeping in mind. And interesting to read about the Demarais' move into financials (including insurance in the term), but with a much more long-term management approach and while apparently eschewing the worst forms of leverage. My TV just died, an hour ago. I'm not sure how I feel about it. Predominantly, yet another thing that has failed while I'm between jobs. And it was a rather nice, if CRT, model. I have been using it to lessen the loneliness of so much time alone. (Maybe it tired of the codependency?) I have some friends whose kids are approaching the computer-capable age. I've been keeping my eyes open for environments that might intrigue and inspire them. I'm adding yours to the list. I like the idea of it being Python, so that perhaps they might smoothly transition from fun to "real" problem solving (which is, I find, the most fun of all). Here in the suburbs of a major metropolitan area, and with a lot of agricultural activity further upwind, I find that my car windows develop a film that rain does not remove. Some of the film may be from vegetation (tree sap, etc.), but I can wash the windows and then park in an open parking lot and a driveway with no canapy, and still experience the film. I wonder whether there are similar issues for solar panels, not solved by rain. EDIT: Should have read the linked post, first. Rain works well enough for them. Off the top of my head (it's a mental list and some saved pages/bookmarks I'd have to track down): Scratch (MIT) Alice (Cornell, IIRC -- just saw that an update is due next week) One or more versions of Logo (e.g Berkeley) (recently, there's at least one that's hosted in the browser; might lower the gap since no explicit installation is required). A couple of things I'm forgetting right now. When I run across these or particularly a nice introduction to one or another, I forward the page on to the parents FYI. When/if they start to respond with "tell us more", I'll go more in depth (and excavate those pages and bookmarks). Suggestions welcome. Since they're not my kids, my approach has been somewhat lackadaisical. Yes. I'm very much in favor of "desired results quickly". For kids, that may be something cool and graphical and/or audible. For adults, it's often solving a problem at hand. I think that the ability to gets things done, that one desires, draws many people in. A large initial learning curve before that happens is often a deal breaker. Once you're engaged, that's the time to keep teaching you more. I still believe there is a role for a better class of ad broker. One who brings content providers, advertisers, and content consumers together in a mutually beneficial, opt-in relationship. I don't mind ads, if they don't distract me. I even welcome them, when they inform me in a useful fashion. In the "early" days of the web, I recall following some ads and learning of useful things. This might even have led to a purchase or two. Then the ads starting moving, flashing, etc., to the point where I could no longer pay attention to the content. Further, the ad content became less and less relevant. The early web was largely tech oriented, and the ads reflected this. They were often hand placed on pertinent pages. You mean in addition to product X, there is product Y? Maybe I'll have a look. So, large, flashing adds -- with monkeys! -- about some Vodka I'll never drink. Bye bye, ads. Text Google ads I can tolerate. Pictures, as well, as long as they don't move (or speak -- ugh!) and don't outshine the content. If they make me aware of things actually of interest to me, all the better. A broker would help place those. The broker could also establish relationships whereby placement would be on legitimate sites and not rip-offs. How could this work, when the rip-offs can just place different ads? Because I, the consumer, have chosen to allow through the broker's ads. I continue to block the distracting crap from other advertisers. (A present day aside: To legitimate sites using such ads: Sorry, but with my sensory system, those ads make pages just plain unusable for me.) The content provider gets opt-in advertising revenue. Advertisers get opt-in, and hopefully somewhat optimized, views and heightened click-through. The consumer gets ad-supported content where ads are not distracting and are even, on average, more informative. The (other) gorilla in the room, for me, is privacy. I do not welcome the pervasive tracking that is being fostered. I'm willing to accept ads targeted based on page content, but not on my larger browsing history. In fact, the former work better for me. On a page, my mind is already on a specific topic. Ads that address that topic may be of interest. I don't care to be distracted by e.g. Sam Adams, based on the fact that two days ago I looked up a microbrew that a friend recommended. So, Mr/Ms Ad Broker, in addition to offering non-sparkly, unicorn-free ads that are pertinent, you have to guarantee me control over my privacy. I don't just have a relationship with the content providers, and a relationship with the advertisers. I have a relationship with you. In fact, I am your prime product. You are selling my attention to the others. If you want to keep it, you had better keep me happy. So... a brief, off-the-cuff exposition of a market solution that, on the surface, makes sense to me. If I was in a better position, I might try to put it together, myself. There is so much distraction and noise in the domain. Break it down: You have three parties. They all have interests that can be mutually beneficial. Find the common ground, explain it clearly, and enable it. Everyone will have to compromise; but the compromise can meet the 80% that each party is really interested in. That's the reality of business. Let go of the pipe dreams. The NYT link that was provided appears to be dead now. Google News turned up this source for what appears to be the same NYT article with a slightly different title: http://www.starbulletin.com/news/nyt/20090804_Giant_particle... Lots of exposure. Hardly comprehensive, but a few tips: Destiños. A UIUC/public television teaching show with a running story. http://www.learner.org/resources/series75.html Find music in the language, with lyrics, that you like. When learning German and French, I listened to pop music that friends recommended. A lot of language learning is not specifically semantic; train your ears (and brain) to the sound of the language. Sung lyrics can also emphasize aspects of pronunciation and colloquial use in a way other sources may not. Find engaging activities that use the language. Much more motivating. And allow yourself to be entertained by the process. Don't focus just on the end goal of being fluent; enjoy the learning process and each moment of use. Have you moved the the rc for 0.9, yet? If so, is it stable enough to rely on (in your opinion)? I recently put together some trestle leg table/desk supports from them. The included, sort-of-S-shaped allen wrench worked just fine. Actually, I was impressed at how well it worked combined with its minimalist design. I'd be cautious using a drill/power driven allen bit. The wood in my trestles is not the hardest, and I can see where too much power too quickly could damage it before one's reaction time caught up with events. If you are cautious, things should be fine. If you just set a torque limit and fire away, you could end up unhappy. There are handheld / hand-driven screwdrivers that have replacable... bits, I guess one would call them. I have one that switched between large and small blade and Phillips heads. Now that I check, I also have an inexpensive Husky screwdriver/bit set that was a Secret Santa gift; it has hex bits, though I haven't used them. I'd think before using it for IKEA assembly, though. For the trestles, the screws required significant torque to penetrate. Applying that repeatedly for these not too short screw, by using one's wrists and a screwdriver grip, I imagine would quickly become tiring. A nice thing about the IKEA "throw-away" wrench is that its S shape allows one to create significant torque with a finger grip, lessening strain on / torsion of the wrist. Forgive me if this violates the RTFM principle, but I've researched this in the past without finding a concise answer. If someone has the answer at hand, it might save a lot of time and effort. My understanding from past preliminary research is that IMAP is (or was, as of a year+ ago) a better option in terms of performance and convenience (e.g. no crapout after X number of messages fetched). However, I'd like to be able to remove messages from my gmail hosted mailbox image without losing them in my locally hosted mailbox image. The IMAP instructions I found were not clear (to me, at least) on how to achieve this. (It seemed possible / a feature at least nominally supported, but I had trouble identifying clearly defined instructions and implementations.) Two questions: Is this indeed a possible/good/best approach? If so, does anyone have a pointer to a decent set of instructions? I grew up very close in time and location to the settings of Hughes' 80's films. Perhaps that's why they seemed so immediate to me. Unrelated, more recently my father got to know Hughes, a bit. I was never privy to those conversations, but I will say that my father is a very knowledgeable and intellectual person. To the point where, entirely in good will, he can almost overwhelm you with both knowledge and carefully thought out insight on your topic of choice. That Hughes chose to continue to have and even seek out, as chance allowed, conversations with him, impresses me of itself. And I thank him, as it was a relationship that my father greatly enjoyed, as well. RIP, Mr. Hughes. We won't forget about you. Robert Pirsig's follow-up to "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance", that being "Lila". I started it some years ago but didn't get too far. However, his addressing the concept of quality, plus the impression Zen had on me, leave me feeling I really should give it another go. And I just turned up my paperback copy the other week. It's been quite a number of years, and memory fades somewhat, but for me, Zen was one of the most profound reads of my life. I just checked the Wikipedia page for Pirsig, which states (somewhat unclearly, with regard to what "Board" is being described): Pirsig's publisher's recommendation to his Board ended with "This book is brilliant beyond belief, it is probably a work of genius, and will, I'll wager, attain classic stature." That was certainly my impression. I should revisit Zen, as well. Unfortunately, my old copy -- full of my scribbled notes -- was I believe lost to water damage. When you say "we have no such thing", I want to assume you mean "here's your hat, what's your hurry" service ;-) (meaning, proscribing lingering), as opposed to no wifi in cafes. Is that what you mean? Although politics have been overplaying here on HN, lately, I am curious whatever became of the concern that was reported a year or two (or three?) ago that Belgium was "falling apart". With regard to a question perhaps of more interest to the HN crowd, I'm curious what the startup and small (tech) business culture is like in your country. I have a friend who now lives on the outskirts of Ghent, and a time or two I've wondered what I would find if things ever went beyond friends and I considered moving over there. I realize that's a pretty broad question, but my own thoughts have not been too specific. If this isn't the best fare for HN, I'm happy to move it to email. Do you know any U.S. tech types who've made the move up there, and what their experience has been like? I spent a week in Montréal for the 2001 Yet Another Perl Conference (YAPC) followed by some sightseeing, and while it was sweltering and they had us stuffed in the McGill dorms (no A/C; needed to keep the window open) while Katie Holmes' latest movie was filming night scenes all night long outside (wishing I could close the window), it was still a great week and a wonderful city experience. I was a bit clueless, and I really owe it to the local Perl community for being gracious enough to put up with me. If any of you are on here, cheers! Edit: More than a bit, really. I painted myself into a black hole of frustration. The situation was bound to fall apart, and it did about a year ago. Unfortunately, not at my initiative. I am hoping that this is the time when I take control. Better late than never. (In some ways, I've always taken control. In never being satisfied with the -- usually inefficient and boring and mistake-laden -- status quo. However, trying to introduce changes from the bottom up, or even just follow your own road, has limited effectiveness in some organizations. That's just the way they are. You could say it was my fault for not getting out sooner, but then I was dealing with a lot of stuff on multiple fronts.) If you are intending to keep them for some time, look for pH neutral/buffered paper, and a permanent (and non-toxic) marking device. So, this represents your (the user's) agreement to also trust the linked third party? How do browsers display this additional trust / certificate? Edit: Just to clarify, even if the certificate is authenticated, it is STILL bringing the third party into the communication. Or am I misunderstanding the implications? My point is that while I may trust domain X, this does not mean I trust domain Y. (Maybe they are not malicious, but I consider their security measures to be sub-par.) If domain X starts referencing material from domain Y within its secure pages, I would like to be aware of this. My understanding is that once such material is incorporated into the browser-constructed page representation, it has full access to that representation. If the inclusion is a component that has the ability to control the browser (e.g. a script), then that component can observe or manipulate the page and its activity. That is one reason not to trust an https page that includes content references/retrieved via http; the latter is easily subjected to a man in the middle attack. The technique described in the article avoids this point, but it doesn't describe what if any notice browsers provide to the user that a second, authenticated domain/certificate is involved in the current communication. Maybe I'm incorrect in my understanding (I'm no expert in this, by any means). But this is what forms the basis of my question. Edit: I'll leave my question as a testament to my over-tired, over-caffeinated rashness. I take your point now, more fully, that specifying a link having the protocol prefixed, as opposed to this, will produce the same result end in the browser. So, I guess my question reduces to a "browser 101" question of what does happen under those circumstances, with regard to browser presentation. Which I really should be able to determine on my own, with a bit of googling and/or experimentation. My apology for putting my typing ahead of more collected thought. I haven't spent much time addressing this particular area. Most of my work has been more behind the scenes and in communications paths where trust is already established. I need to look further, but so far it appears to me that when one chooses in a browser to view the certificate chain of a secure page, where that secure page references secure content from/using third party domains/certificates, only the certificate chain of the top level page is displayed. The other certificate chains involved are essentially hidden unless one views the page source or runs a traffic sniffer. Is that correct? If so, I'd prefer an option to see all the certificate chains involved in loading a page's content. Maybe most users won't care, but some will, and it would keep those details from remaining hidden or difficult/time consuming to access. Somewhat related to this, I continue to be somewhat frustrated at the amount of dialog navigation that is required to view certificate chains in some browsers (e.g. Firefox 3 made the chain viewing dialog deeper nested within a hierarchy of dialog navigation). My perspective is that, even when users don't fully understand an item, they are good at noticing changes -- we're wired to do so. If the chain is easily accessed, and users are taught to give it a glance, they are likely to notice if/when it changes, particularly for regularly visited sites. They may not know exactly what is going on, but it would likely be enough to inject caution and a google (twitter, whatever) for answers. I was asking a separate question, making a separate comment. Sorry if it seems too far off from the original article's topic, but cninja seems to have a lot of background in this area. I though that if he or another chose to respond again, it might clarify things for me, and maybe some other readers. Perhaps I should have waited before responding; I'm (still) feeling kind of off, today. Apologies to anyone annoyed by my contributions here. I still fondly remember Kaylon's PowerMarks. Tagged bookmarking, with auto-generation of a default set of tags and with fast search based on parsing input to a textbox. It may still be around, but I believe development stopped years ago. Searching on "TagSifter" turned up http://linux.com/archive/feature/145955 which gives me it and two other Firefox extensions to look at further when it's not so late in the evening. Maybe the combination will get me close to what PowerMarks offered. It varies by location and role, but yes, it does occur. In my last position, some of the goofs spend probably a minimum of 3 hours / day purely socializing. (You can then add on browsing and whatnot to that.) One person spent hours on their cell phone while sort of typing. Needless to say, the quality as well as the quantity of output of these people was hardly stellar. Yet they were the social bugs, and in this part of the organization, that apparently was what succeeded. If where you are doesn't value your kind of input, then however good it is, it is others who will "succeed". And they did "finish" things. Just in such a state, that others had to clean up the shortfall. But that wasn't really measured. I find most corporate "metrics" I've encountered akin to all the jokes you hear about statistics (lies, damned lies, and...). Well, I've said before that I need to curb my "bitter old man" comments. But you asked for collaboration, so: Yes, this really does exist. I believe the poster might mean, for example but not only, checking whether something has been submitted and has interesting comments. They may not be interested (yet) in submitting the item themselves, but would like to know whether it already has some context on HN. As for how to go about this, I second your suggestion of resorting to a google search. There may be some delay between prior submissions and those submissions' indexing, but in the past (some time ago) others have commented here that google seems to have a certain fondness for frequent updates of its indexing of news.ycombinator.com . I haven't tried this site's search feature recently. Does it perform well? Years ago, a brilliant if eccentric friend had one of those one-pane comics on his bulletin board. It depicted a figure walking down a city street. All the forms of communication around him -- I'm a bit fuzzy on the details, but remember particularly items such as a bus stop bench, perhaps a TV in a shop window, newspaper vending machine, and a billboard -- displayed the word "lies". At the time, I thought it was a rather cynical take on life. Over the years, though, I've come to be more and more in agreement with it. He's also the fellow who once, in response perhaps to my own low self-esteem, said: "Xxx, you have to realize, most people are as dumb as rocks." I'm still working on that bit of imparted wisdom. Some days I agree. Some days, I am surprised by the unexpected abilities I find in others. (And a bit disappointed at my own lack of insight prior to such realizations.) I guess the real eye opener, although it didn't come all at once and I still fall short, is that, the more you (truly) respect yourself, the more others respect you. Don't look to others to give you your self worth, though you can find it in part in your interactions with them. Finally, one time I said to a group, thinking it nothing terribly special, that one should not expect from others what they are unable to give you. Another brilliant, if a bit self-centered and brutal friend, responded in a surprisingly positive fashion: She said she had never expected to learn anything from me, but that this really surprised her. Her feedback reinforced my own point to me. It also showed me that you cannot always tell what someone else will find valuable. Finally, over time, it showed me that when someone echos a sentiment to you, pay heed: I was hoping for a relationship with her that she was willing to tease and "pretend" about, but not willing to really start. Despite the comic and sentiment about "lies", most people, when you really pay attention, are communicating fairly immediately what their interests and perspective are. It may not always be in their words or even in their short term actions, but it is in -- pardon the use of the word -- their Gestalt. EDIT (again): Decided to remove the previously edited in, additional portion of my comment addressing others pointing out and then my own anecdotal observations of correlations between physical attractiveness and success, as well as congregation of such attractiveness -- like seeking like. I do seem to see such, but I'm not comfortable my observations are objective enough to warrant exposition. TANSTAAFL I'd say, look for alternative physical transport layers. I don't know the timeframe until practical deployment on a significant scale, but I fully expect this. (U.S.) Public radio's model has always been "open" and "opt-in" (aside from the tax dollars -- which, by way of comment, I do not personally begrudge). This seems a better alignment with their overall model. Regarding that, social cooperation seems to have been under/de-valued as a organizational model, in recent times. Maybe it's making a comeback. Locally, public radio stations have significantly reduced the length and intrusiveness of their fund raising drives, by communicating to their audience that they are trying to achieve precisely this. It seems to be working, so far. I don't know how the contributions break down, e.g. more from pre-existing donors versus new donors. aka The importance of context. (Not just in valuing ideas, but also in generating them.) As an aside, this is the second time this morning that this concept has come up, in my persona communications. (Dare I note some context in this, itself?) I've been wondering about the status (posed here, I guess I mean generally speaking) of extension support. Yes, this sounds like an occasion for social optimization rather than technical. See whether you and your friends can agree to a schedule that leaves you with a good block of uninterrupted time. Perhaps they would prefer to do things in the afternoon, leaving you the mornings free. Or they may be earlybirds, leaving you the evenings. This latter might be hard, though, as your work time would come at the end of the day and you might be tapped out. Another recommendation might be meditation, rather than additional overt effort. It would take practice, but 5 to 10 minutes of quieting the mind might allow the context you want regain to emerge more quickly. I'm not too experienced in this personally, however, although I do find lost context returning to me once my physical environment quietens. A few suggestions (hardly comprehensive): Less is more, in terms of luggage. If you have a U.S. type fashion sense (if you are Canadian, hopefully living under the maple leaf has provided some protection ;-), realize that the rest of the world tends to dress a bit "better". Not necessarily expensively, but e.g. slacks, a shirt with a collar, and leather shoes rather than jeans, t-shirt and sneakers. Although this may have changed in the last 10 or 20 years. I don't say this by way of worrying about appearance for its own sake, but rather just as a matter of better fitting in and not standing out quite as much. If you can afford to and will be in an area long enough to warrant, have someone help you pick out a few local wardrobe items. Listen to local music to help train your ear (of whatever genre, but preferably with some lyrics). Even if you never master the language, you'll have a better feel for it. Ask people to explain the songs to you. Have a reliable contact to check in with. Someone not too uptight, but who is capable and who can and will get the ball rolling if you need some sort of bailing out or rescue. Not that that's likely, but having arrangements in place may help you rest easier. In less secure areas, it may be worth registering with your government's local consulate. Drop us a line now and then and tell us how it's going. Since physical health directly relates to our performance as well as well being, I don't see this topic as at all off-topic. From another perspective, many people "hack" their health. It seems a worthy topic. It is chapter 1 of a handbook. As you'll see here, chapter two by the same fellow is also available. http://www.math.ucsd.edu/~sbuss/ResearchWeb/HandbookProofThe... Ohm's blog on "Freedom to Tinker". http://www.freedom-to-tinker.com/blog/paul I couldn't get SSRN to cooperate; the download buttons just kept returning me to the abstract. BTW, Ohm himself admits SSRN has problems, in the comments of the post where he announces the paper. http://www.freedom-to-tinker.com/blog/paul/anonymization-fai... A while back, someone (here, I think) cited an article / blog entry wherein the author describes his log reading process as first filtering out all the... I'll use the word "typical" entries. He identified patterns for these and lets a script strip these out. As he continues to identify those types of entries, he adds patterns for them to the script. He then focuses on what remains. At least as described, it sounded like an effective way to focus attention on the needles in the haystack. Note that this doesn't mean shrinking your logs. It means an automated process for extracting an interesting subset. You still have the complete logs for other work. I'd also regularly audit the extract process both for sufficiency and as a reminder that its output is not the only thing you should be paying attention to. It's not my idea, and I'm probably not doing it justice. Maybe someone else recalls the article / blog entry and has a link. It's also not something I need to do; perhaps if I did, I'd see shortcomings in the methodology. You mean the second link in your granparent post, right? Thanks for that -- works for me. I was looking for something like this just the other day. I'm a bit torn due due to the U.S.'s need for a better energy policy and development, but I have to agree with your concern regarding noise pollution. It is absurd, what some people think is their right to inflict on their neighbors, and upon every block they pass down with their subwoofer or straight pipes. Perhaps these concerns with regard to residential windmills are yet another aspect/reflection of the poor outcome of having a lack of an effective public energy policy and initiative. Communities and governments refuse to address the problem in a coordinated fashion. Everyone ends up "doing their own thing" and, all too often, the neighbors be damned. Noise pollution has remained a hidden environmental degradation and health risk. Hidden in plain sight. Is there a convenient resource for decoding these? I took a quick look and ended up at http://code.google.com/p/zxing/ but maybe there's something more convenient? Edit: A few (non-phone) options: http://zxing.org/w/decode.jspx http://www.hafenscher.net/qrcode/ https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/2780 As part of a corporate job, I was put through some training that emphasized understanding different personality and communication types, in order to better understand and interact with that variety in coworkers and clients. Unfortunately, the training did not transfer to the broad corporate policy, which kept squeezing people closer together, lowering or eliminating cube walls -- moving to something approaching open space -- and insisting everyone multi-task both workload and their physical environment, tuning out a plethora of surrounding activity -- including your cubette (only two low walls per seat) partner's meetings three feet away from you. In other words, the extroverted (often "management" types; though introverts can make good managers under other circumstances) dominated. Other personality types suffered. Those with enough seniority and clout took to working from home. The lesson: If you match the description on this list, don't expect such treatment from the general population. Work to put yourself in a position where they have no choice. That can be a very difficult lesson for an introvert: Valuing yourself in a disparaging world, and putting yourself first before that world drains you. Many introverts have a strong need for social connection. Often we subsume ourselves in an attempt to create and maintain it. This eventually makes everyone very unhappy. Turning the list into a list of things that you do for yourself -- that you insist upon -- is a better approach. Then follow up with the people who respect this. This doesn't rule out extroverts. Some get it. Others learn. Especially when they find out their normal approach gets them nowhere. It's been years since I studied any knots. The ones I continue to use regularly and to great (personal) effect: slip square double half hitch bowline barrel (combine the ends of two equal (esp. equal diameter) ropes) figure eight (and, I suppose, whatever it's called that I use for shoelaces) Gordian (mostly metaphysical applications ;-) At a glance, this looks kind of like a cross platform copy of the Mac-only (due to Mac library PDF support) application Skim. http://skim-app.sourceforge.net/ I see similar misguided attitudes in both science and medicine. A pre-disposition, often strongly held, in practitioners to falsely equate "not proven" with "doesn't exist". It leads to many poor decisions, especially as some of these people are in positions of heightened responsibility and influence. I think that sometimes, although not always, these attitudes are held as a matter of convenience. If an idea can be dismissed immediately and out of hand, the person dismissing it doesn't have to deal with, or even think about, its implications. In the case of animals, if they are "mere brutes", then you are free to do with them as you please. Nice escape from any further ethical implications, in your own mind. Or the terror of contemplating one's own existence, and whether it may similarly be at the mercy of the larger world. Agree with other comments. With regard to zinc, Cold Eeze lozenges or similar. The important points: There are two zinc compounds involved; some lozenges only have one. Researchers think that the efficacy of the zinc is largely topical. So, having a lozenge that dissolves slowly -- Cold Eeze are formulated as hard candy -- maximizes efficacy. You need to start taking the lozenges at the first sign of symptoms. This may be difficult for some. For me, I can usually tell the difference between a cold and something else, like an allergic reaction. Zinc is a short term boost. You need to look at your overall health, but for avoiding some acute episodes, it can help. [Chainmail] Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Aspect Ratios But Were Afraid To Ask http://home.comcast.net/~zlosk/maille/aspectratios.html Having a fair and trustworthy mechanic makes a large difference in effectively managing/achieving the cost savings of a used car. I've gone through a couple of referrals that have provided me with honest, helpful service (the first went into full-time commercial work, whereupon she referred me to another shop she respected). They may not always quote the cheapest price, but it's a fair price, and I understand or can have explained exactly how it breaks down. They also understand my position with regard to keeping the vehicle safe and reliable, but not spending money unnecessarily. Further, their work is entirely reliable. The owner is someone who has a personal investment in doing things right. It's not just about the money; he finds value in a quality job. As a result, they've had my steady business for years. Win, win. And a few repair jobs in the average year is a lot less that new car payments. (I even switched to doing my oil changes there, as well. It takes a bit more planning and works best if I schedule and show up first thing in the morning, before they get other work onto the lifts. But it provides them a bit more income, and I don't struggle with mismounted filters, nor find my tire pressure varying 50% between the different tires, etc., etc.) The real treasure is finding a shop like this. It's something I worry about, if/when I have to move. If you have a mechanic like this -- someone you know and really trust -- and are looking to buy a used car, ask them what they like for your circumstances. It's a pretty good heads up on what is reliable and economical. Plus, you know they'll work on it. (Do also check Consumer Reports' ratings, though.) The Galileoscope https://www.galileoscope.org/gs/ has been discussed regularly on Wisconsin Public Radio. In addition to other WPR programs, about once a month one of its daily shows has a fairly lengthy interview segment with a Wisconsin professor of astronomy. It might well be Dr. Douglas N. Arion, who's listed as one of the principals in the Galileoscope project and who works a bit south of Milwaukee. The linked PDF 404's, but Wayback has it. Reminded me to check the website for the local orchard. Golden Delicious picking scheduled to start next weekend. Yum! And a few hours in the orchard is generally one of the highlights of the year. :-) Microclimate keeps this one a bit behind others in the area, in addition to the region running a bit late this year. But will try to be there on the first day they open up the Golden Delicious to picking. Ha. In a previous corporate position, senior management was flipped to some East Coast "fixers". They started whacking jobs left and right. They felt the need to be on site, rather than remaining out east, but apparently feared for their lives or well-being during this blood bath. So... they holed up in one wing of the building, and installed armed guards in the lobby. Every time I went in or out, I was walking past armed guards. (I realize a significant fraction of people here may have that, but for a bland corporate job?) Fortunately, the guards were decent fellows, once you got to know them (and working a lot of evenings and weekends, I got to know them). Neither angry nor armed with fully automatic weapons. But then this was the genteel suburbs; might have been different if we were downtown. ;-) In all the commentary so far (e.g. on Chicago's WBEZ public radio, playing in the background), I haven't heard a single mention of the hassle it has become for many people to visit the U.S. I've seen this point made many places, including in comments on this site, particularly a year or two ago. I've heard it from friends and acquaintances. I don't know whether it would have influenced the decision at all -- my ill-informed impression is that many of those decision makers don't travel in such a "plebian" manner. But I've been wondering. Given what I've heard, if I were a non-U.S. representative casting my vote, I'd take it into consideration. Overall, but again without having paid particular attention, the Rio decision makes sense to me. South America has not seen much of the Games. Brazil is an up and coming power. Much of the world is weary of the excesses of U.S. hegemony (the excesses, as opposed to the entire role of the U.S.), even if it did in general take some heart in Obama's election. Perhaps, also, this is a leading indicator of a decline in the need to kiss the U.S.'s posterior. Excel can be very useful for cleaning up dirty data, once you are familiar with it. I don't know whether Visual Basic for Applications (VBA), or whatever has replaced it, currently supports regular expressions, but back around 1999 or 2000 defining a reference to Windows Scripting Host (WSH) provided that functionality. Very useful for making and extracting pattern matches; in my case, I needed to identify particular codes within a large, freeform text field that multiple people at multiple facilities filled in each in their own fashion. Excel does have plenty of quirks, which can be rather aggravating. My un-favorite: Applying a text formatting function to something like 2334d2 resulted in 233400 rather than 2334D2 because the formatting function was hard-wired to recognize "d[number]" as specifying an exponent even when your formula or code was applying text formatting. (Which interpretation apparently, as I was eventually told by someone with experience in the area, comes from Fortran. The same thing happened with "e"; at least "e[exponent]" I was familiar with; "d..." caught me by surprise). So, some bozo or bozos send you a lot of semi-regular data. You shove it into Excel, where some of your cleanup is automated, and Excel makes it very quick to navigate around and manually fix the rest. BTW, I've not used OO Calc for anything significant, but I continue to read here and there that for serious spreadsheeting, it still cannot compare to Excel. > they also tend to know the full problem domain a little better than most of the business people they deal with This is too often overlooked. It is development's job to "re-engineer" this domain in some fashion. Don't neglect the expertise they bring to the table and/or acquire in doing so. And... if you are dealing with a corresponding "business type" at the client/customer, realize that this applies on the other side, too. When working with/through such contacts, you may not being gaining a full picture of what their end users really need. Better model: Put the users and developers in closer contact with each other. Use your expertise to mediate this especially from a financial and legal perspective. Scheduling fits somewhere in between, and should have the active participation of both parties -- business and technical on your side, and ideally both business and technical on their side as well. It can be like a light bulb going off, when e.g.your tech lead finally gets to communicate directly with theirs. An hour -- sometimes 15 minutes -- of direct communication can obviate weeks of "memos" and such. Especially if they are freed to communicate in a forthright manner on an ongoing basis. Your job is to define the boundaries of communication and to adequately defend property rights and profitability. Don't insert yourself too heavily into nor try to micromanage the rest. Assuming you have good staff. This is based upon my ad hoc observation of situations that have worked and situations that haven't. I'm not formally an "expert" in this. Windows environment: Ditto clipboard manager/history. This helps both in avoiding context changes (alt-tabbing back and forth, etc.) and in retrieving older items. Quite configurable. Winsplit Revolution window size/position manager. Put windows where you want them with a single chord. Quickly get windows e.g. side by side, without having to mouse around. ToDoList list/project management. Hierarchical lists with priorities and many other identifiers, as well as full text comments. Gets items and relationships down quickly and without a lot of kerfuffle. Paper and pen environment: Original notes in black ink or pencil. Post meeting / follow up notes (e.g. fleshing out what was originally noted more briefly) in blue ink. Items of particular concern in red ink or marked up with red ink. Occasional, judicious application of a highlight marker. A digital camera to quickly capture or to provide a quick copy of items of particular interest, written, printed, or otherwise (great for capturing the state of a whiteboard). I should add that the ink colors I described work equally well as text colors in electronic documents. In particular, I'll take/make notes in a layered, bulleted list / outline format. This lends itself to quickly noting items together with at least some structure, while avoiding the superfluous words needed to tie things together in a less structured format. Original notes in black. When I get some time to myself, I flesh things out in blue. Items of particular note in red. It's very helpful to have shortcut keys for changing indent. There's no need to keep reaching for the mouse to execute those changes. That is a marvelously concise yet descriptive sentence. I would add some socialization, to get me out of my own head and affirm my membership in the human race. Perspective, I guess I would call that. It annoys me to no end when the SSL/TLS connection is hidden behind a click. Joe user is asked -- taught -- to trust an http page without knowing what protocol the resulting request will use nor whether the recipient is verified. I set the browser to notify when transitioning from https to http. Then I try to force a site to give me an https connection before I start entering sensitive data. If the browser pops a protocol transition warning, I back out. It also annoys me when an https delivered page in turn pulls in http content. This breaks the security of the entire rendered page. Having the user check for the https protocol in the address bar is not sufficient. It seems to me that the basic concepts involved are not that difficult (leaving out the math). Don't start communicating until you know the "channel" is secure and the other endpoint is verified. Verification is accomplished through a chain of trust. Pages are composed of multiple pieces. If any piece/participant in the channel comes from an unsecured or unverified source, you must treat the channel as compromised. But no browser presents them in a clear and meaningful fashion, with enough context to describe plainly to the average user what is going on. Interesting metaphor -- whitespace separating the elements of one's day (and life), i.e. don't crowd your schedule. Disclaimer: I have no relationship with O'Reilly. Further, I'm not myself signed up for Safari. (I have a lot of dead trees laying around.) But my recollection of comments made about it is that the overall weight of them has been positive. Quite a few of the books mentioned are available via O'Reilly's "Safari" subscription service. It's not "cheap", but if you don't mind reading on screen, it can provide immediate access to these volumes as a group for considerably less than buying them all at once (new / latest edition, at least). Then again, if you have access to a well stocked library or colleagues' bookshelves, better yet. My concern with this approach, overall, is that the volume of information may be overwhelming/discouraging. Without going into the larger picture, if you do continue this I'd suggest taking good size doses of Vitamin D. In the last few years, research has been emphasizing the benefits on numerous fronts, including for mood and sense of well being. If your schedule is shifted this much and most of your time is spent in the environment you describe, your body may not be making enough vitamin D on its own. And get the D3 form; it is supposed to be more bio-active. It's "dirt" cheap; affordable even on a student budget. Haven't been to the Hopleaf in a number of years, but seems like a nice choice. I'd be tempted, but things haven't been going so well recently. Maybe in a few months. I just cited your first link on Facebook (where I keep in touch with a number of Chicagoland friends). Doing so, I noticed that Facebook did not pick up a "Windy City" graphic suitable for use as a thumbnail. Maybe an opportunity for a branding optimization? An aspect I would be interested in is the roles of isolation and social validation. My understanding from other reading is that isolation tends to correlate with overall decline. And with regard to the article's description of the largest benefit correlating with those who remain in the same career, I can speculate that such an experience might tend to provide the greatest validation. I think the whole debate needs to be reframed in terms of a new perspective of self-interest. A healthy population will contribute more to society and make for a healthier, more robust society. A more interesting and enjoyable place in which to live. Personally, I also find a moral component. An obligation to "help my neighbor". As for the judgment that gets thrown around as to good vs bad behavior and what we should "reward" and what we should "punish", I would suggest that we simply don't know enough yet to accurately make such determinations. In the last couple of years, it's been demonstrated that nicotine may be as effective as stimulant drugs in treating symptoms of AD(H)D. Are all of those smokers simply making a bad choice, or are some of them self-medicating? Were people self-medicating in such a fashion a couple of decades ago when AD(H)D was not well known, recognized, nor treated by the medical establishment? Stop arguing about who's to blame, and start fixing the problems. It's a lot more efficient. That's what the rest of the developed world has been showing us (the U.S.). Someone commented the other week that this could cause the revocation of certain models... 'approval/certification' for use in specifically defined settings, particularly in formal testing (ACT?, SAT? -- I don't recall) and therefore in classes that work towards that testing. That person made the point that this might have significant implications for future marketshare. P.S. Not that I'm a fan of the DRM involved. Good health. When I'm feeling well, almost anything can interest me if it keeps me learning and feeling of use. My point is, that inspiration builds upon a foundation. If you are not feeling well, that is a primary problem to address, on the road to regaining inspiration. Maybe I'm just stating the obvious. But for a while, I believed I'd have to make achievements first, including to ensure the resources to work on my health. That didn't turn out so well. I hadn't heard this, yet. It will be deployable/hostable locally/privately? I see this as a big obstacle to corporate use. This closely mirrors my own reaction, after five minutes of examining the introductory videos Google has placed on YouTube. Wave solves a number of problems I've faced for years in corporate environments, and in a much more integrated fashion than the piecemeal approaches that have previously been available. It also provides a single point of integration. In the past, I've advocated for e.g. bulletin boards to replace email exchanges where information tends to "submarine" into private exchanges. But getting corporate IS to even consider a deployment -- even just a small one for a single team -- was a non-starter. Going rogue would be a termination offense. If you can get Wave adopted, you solve a whole bunch of problems all at once. I remain extremely skeptical, though, about the compatibility of Wave as it currently exists with many businesses' requirements for both confidentiality and guaranteed information access -- uptime, an unlimited timeframe into to future, and not becoming locked in to a single vendor platform to the extent that Wave currently seems to imply. A Wave failure on any of these points could quickly destroy a business; so much would be locked up in its data, and if there is no alternative -- even if imperfect -- means of access... I'm very similar in my reaction to noisy environments. Since most people don't experience (or perceive, at least) the same level of distraction, it's been a point of considerable contention throughout my life. Separately, I'll mention my perception that soundscaping played an under-appreciated role in Starbucks' growth, particularly in creating that "vibe" that people were so hooked on during the early years of its major expansion. I don't mean the few "Hear..." stores, featuring some sort of extensive music kiosks, that they've now opened, but rather the well chosen, "alternative" / college radio-station-esque music that they played. This was provided by some sort of music subscription/compilation company -- I seem to recall that it also had "Hear" in its name -- that Starbucks apparently bought out at one point. I believe that for many Starbucks regulars, it was a sole "public/broadcast" source of rather intriguing music distinct from what was being shoveled out by the increasingly Clear Channel dominated radio dial. s/attaching/enforcing/ at least in some instances, e.g. with SBC now renamed AT&T (ignore the purchased name; the culture is SBC). They, along with, I believe, the other "baby Bells" and perhaps some other entrenched interests, received hundreds of millions of dollars in concessions, in return for pledges of network build-out and competitors' access to their physical networks. They then progressively reneged on those pledges, and hired lobbyists to push legislative changes to eliminate their obligations. It's another aspect of what is in the U.S. commonly termed "corporate welfare". Or corruption. Choose your moniker. Anyone know whether re you stuck with Verizon's lousy phone OS (or a rebranding of same)? For me at the moment, it's "too long; read later", but thanks very much for citing that quote; it compelled me to read the first couple of paragraphs, and I've made note to follow up with the rest as time allows. The quote strikes me strongly because it captures, in a sentence, how decisions were reached in the best groups I've worked with. A bunch of senior people who know the domains and context. A frank discussion of options, including: Personal preferences versus current requirements; Short term versus long term; etc. It becomes apparent to all what the correct choices are. If there are disagreements, they are usually minor and acceptable. They are discussed with respect, and usually kept in mind as contingencies / alternate paths in case the choices made don't work out satisfactorily. Sometimes, a small amount of additional work is included to keep those paths open/practical. The choices are not locked into some doctrine that itself becomes the problem further down the line. ("The plan becomes the project.") If/when the landscape shifts, it's discussed and, if necessary, an alternate path chosen. People may be a bit unhappy, but it doesn't become personal, because it was all discussed and people know how the situation came to be, with reasonable consensus, and that it's not the result of neglect (at least, within the team). If there's some crunch time, it's of necessity. And if your colleague was incorrect, this time around, they may well be the one covering your back, a few months from now. With regard to one team I'm thinking of, outside pressures kept wanting to "formalize" the work. The team leader resisted this -- through a tactful combination of attentiveness and responsiveness, a genuinely nice personality, and benign neglect (we're too booked at this time (with things you are telling us you REALLY want/need), but we'll keep it in mind). It helped greatly that he was one of the brightest people in the division (I'd say, in the organization overall) and people, including upper management, really appreciated and needed his continued good will. He created a haven of productivity. Ironically, our documentation was also often better than that of other "formalized" projects: We recorded what was important, clearly, and didn't worry about wading through a blizzard of redundant checklists, schedules, and... Well, if you've never been there, you (speaking to the readership rather than the parent post) may find it difficult to imagine the inanity. Sadly, things changed. When you find such a situation, foster it, and savor it while it lasts. For my part, if I'm fortunate, maybe I'll have the opportunity to help create and maintain such an environment in the future. It's certainly my mindset, and as I've gotten older, I'm more inclined to just act on it -- independently, if necessary -- as best I can and let other people sort out their own ruffled feathers. Doing so, you tend to find others of like mindset and form your own, ad hoc groups. The caution being that if you do this independently within a larger setting that does not share your view, politically and career-wise you may become effectively isolated. Even the fellow I described above eventually got pushed into a much more "management"-centric roll; it was the only way to maintain his career. He was smart enough to perceive this and act upon it, if not entirely happy with the outcome. Would you happen to have any links you can recommend to particularly good information about that system (in English)? I think the grandparent comment was meant humorously. Akin to how in Chicago we say, "Vote early, and vote often!" AVG gave me a malware warning on this link (could be a false positive -- just noting). Well, I take his point, and it is worth making to the [paraphrasing] 'SUV driving graying hipsters who are, despite good intentions, going to Hefty (trash bag) 2/3 of their "haul" '. People shouldn't base their choices upon gross misunderstandings of e.g. economy and efficiency. On the other hand, a couple of hours in an orchard is a highlight of my year. And I suspect it is for a good many kids, as well. For my part, I can't take the kind of crowd he describes; fortunately, I have a much more "basic", but peaceful and beautiful, orchard in the area. One run by local folks with help from their friends during harvest season. Time there I find well worth the expense -- not just of the picking, but the driving, my time, etc. And it's not like I'm incurring that expense throughout the year for all my food. For many the kids I see, I can't help thinking it's an invaluable lesson to actually source their own food, for once; to see where it comes from and to be a part, even if a small one, of providing for themselves. The choice he describes cuts both ways. People can get a bit hung up on apple varieties. On the other hand, the varieties presently commercially available represent a small fraction of what once found itself distributed throughout the country; so many of those "heritage" varieties have been squeezed out by large scale, commercial production. And so much of that commercial production ends up with flavor that is a pale shadow of what you can find in other varieties not harvested to optimize hardiness under mechanical manipulation, transportation, and storage. At my local orchard, Golden Delicious is my preference. They have other varieties, but the trees, terroir, and whatever else make the Golden Delicious a terrific choice. Good eating, but I find they hold up admirably in a pie, as well. Variety need not create a tyranny (of choice). For me, the best thing in the neighborhood is Golden Delicious. And I find ways to work with that, rather than worrying about all that I might be missing. Prosecutors have supoenaed detailed records, including grades and grading methodologies as well as notes and other material, pertaining to the student journalists. Amongst other things, the article raises the question of whether this is in essence an attempt to suppress their efforts. I'm submitting this as I've noticed from past comments that several regulars here are either in journalism or have journalism in their background. Also, with the decreasing dominance of "traditional" journalism as the source of most news (something strongly associated with the the Internet), actions like the prosecutors' raise questions about how other sources of news will be viewed and how they will participate in public discourse (although one might view the student journalism program as more "traditional" than many other sources). P.S. The query string parameter "partner=MYWAY" appears to eliminate the need for a NYT account to view this article. Gun control in the U.S.. I used to be more in favor, with the goal of a safer society as well as one less inclined to the isolation of sub-populations. Now, I'm considering widespread ownership more in terms of a last bulwark against one or another form of totalitarian rule. Perhaps it is a limiting factor against pushing the population too far. You might call this a knee-jerk reaction; nonetheless, it's on my mind. I still consider most unfortunate the additional, lethal violence that the ready availability of firearms (legal and illegal) seems to cause. The question for me is, is it a -- I hate to use this term -- necessary cost. I feel a little uncomfortable writing about this, nor do I claim to be especially informed on the topic, but since you asked. In lieu of having a poll, I'll say in a comment: Yes, most definitely. Consider getting your people used to your being remote one day a week -- make it consistent. Speaking generally and anecdotally, a lot of "panic" seems to actually be somewhat schedule-able; it adjusts to circumstances. Keep the option open to drive in when it becomes necessary. Whether a "must be present" meeting, crunch time, or the shit hits the fan and being onsite outweighs the drive time. If you can't make the timing regular, you may be screwed. If you're remote on random days, people are less likely to adjust well. I worked with a fellow who, due to his brilliance and historical knowledge, often ended up being THE go to guy in such scenarios. Nonetheless, he made remote days work. (It helped that our team was becoming increasingly virtual, anyways, as we absorbed new members from an acquisition, etc.) People learned that if they needed him face to face, they'd better bring the topic up before his remote day (or wait). He loved how much more he was able to get done without people stopping by his cube multiple times each hour. In my last position, I worked a somewhat later schedule for precisely this reason. My communte wasn't as long as yours, but it still saved me probably 15 - 30 minutes each day. My comment is largely reiterative, but important enough to emphasize. It's not the law as written, but as it plays out in the larger socio-economic sphere, that is often determinant. It doesn't matter what your rights are, if the other guy can spend you into the ground with impunity. Taken to extreme, it's one reason we regulate monopolies (in the U.S.). You may come up with a better product, but if the other guy has a lock on the market... If you don't have the resources, the wherewithal yourself to execute the fight, how do you make it? On your own, your one option is the shop for a lawyer who believe you have enough of a chance that their willing to invest in the effort (in return for a hefty share of any judgment in your favor). If you are fortunate, the EFF or another organization may take up your case and use the pooled contributions of its members to fund the fight. Even then, what will the publicity do to your career and other aspects of your life, depending on who you work for, etc. Fighting such things, one way or another, is important, but it is not easy and not everyone has the means, financial or otherwise. The means to fight, and/or the means to survive if the judgment (and penalties) goes against them. Environment. When I'm putting more effort into tuning out a noisy, distracting environment than I am into the work product, burnout is on the horizon. Beware of people who claim to like such environments: Some function well in them, but in my anecdotal observation, many crank out substandard work. This accumulates over time into big problems. I don't have first hand experience with them, but I've heard good things about ginger (yep!) with regard to motion sickness, and the British Navy supposedly (per an "outfitter" catalog selling them) has elastic wristbands with a plastic tab/point that presses against an acupressure point in the wrist. Mums had a 27' sailboat for a while, on Lake Michigan. I was only out on it a couple of times. I found the "keep your eyes on the horizon" suggestion quite useful; going below, out of sight of the horizon, was not a lot of fun. Keeping fear and anxiety in their place -- not banished, but in perspective. Somewhere in his work, my father picked up a keychain fob that had some core memory elements as well as a microprocessor embedded in Lexan. I remember as a kid looking at it through the family microscope (having no idea at the time how unusual either the fob or the family microscope were). I cut my teeth on the PDP's and then Vaxen at his employer that they kindly let me visit on site and dial into from the home terminal. As the article says, you never forget your first love. There is mention of the Heckler&Koch HK 416, which replaces the direct impingement system with a piston design. I would like to know, if anyone has knowledge or can make some informed speculation, what that does to recoil, the vector of that recoil (straight back in line with the stock, or with a stronger perpendicular/vertical component), and rate of fire of the weapon. Regarding rate of fire, if slower, does that matter in the field? I have an incandescent torchiere, in which I've now placed a full-spectrum compact fluorescent bulb. Works just fine, and adjusting color is just a matter of picking out a different bulb. My recommendation for cheap, indirect lighting. And yes, indirect lighting is great, in my opinion. There are (dedicated) fluorescent torchiere lamps. I have a couple from GE, both dim-able. One has worked for many years like a champ. The newer GE one had the balast (non-replaceable -- at least without hassle) progressively fail over the course of a year or two -- slower and slower startup times; now completely dead. A third such torchiere -- same bulb, also dim-able -- a floor model I picked up more recently that is made by another manufacturer, is also dead. So, my recommendation is to stay away from this design. P.S. If one lamp doesn't seem to produce as much light as the halogen torchiere, try two lamps. The incandescent type are quite cheap, and with compact fluorescent bulbs (maybe LED bulbs, someday), your energy use should still be pretty low. No, I haven't. It's been some time since I've seen a halogen torchiere. I would suspect the compact fluorescents are dimmer and, depending on the bulb, less "pure white" in perception. The Verilux compact fluorescent bulb I am currently using has a fairly "cold" tone, despite being advertised as "Full Spectrum / Daylight Spectrum:. I have an OTT "Natural Light" bulb and a GE "daylight" bulb (6500K) that I haven't tried, yet. If nothing else works, I'd follow the recommendation of another commentor here and try an incandescent bulb that achieves a full spectrum effect via a rare earth element coating. Note that GE has some incandescent bulbs whose glass has a blueish cast -- "Reveal", I believe they name them -- that are cheaper. However, the Reveal bulbs do not achieve the same effect. I have had such coated incandescent bulbs, of higher quality -- Chromalux is the brand name I seem to recall -- and was quite pleased with their appearance. I did not use them in a torchiere, but they were in a flexible lamp twisted to shine up and provide indirect lighting off of the ceiling. Maybe just get a candidate bulb first and see what you think. Stick in in a desk lamp or similar and bounce the light off the ceiling. It's higher power consumption, but you may just want to try the Chromalux first. If this is fun, wait until we lose the incandescent bulbs... ;-) Sorry if my follow-up sounds less definitive than my original reply. The techcrunch article links to this brief article, that I find both chilling and enraging. http://code.google.com/p/doctype/wiki/ArticleFlashSecurityPo... System.security.loadPolicyFile() is an ActionScript function in a Flash application that loads any URL, of any MIME type, and attempts to read the security policy in the HTTP response. If an attacker could upload and store an image, audio, RSS feed, or other file on a server that can later be retrieved, then he or she could place the Flash security policy in that file. For example, the following RSS feed is accepted as an open security policy... Even worse, the file does not even have to be XML. The GIF image below places the Flash security policy in a GIF comment and is also accepted as an open security policy... In fact, an attacker can embed the security policy within the data of any valid image, audio or other data file. This is easier to do so with uncompressed file formats, like BMP image files, but is possible in virtually any file format. The only limitations are that each byte before the tag must: + Be non-zero, + Have no unclosed XML tags (no stray [YC admins: My trailing "emphasis" asterisk was remaining visible until I placed (this) further text following it.] The following can be summed up as: Move up, or move out. But keep the current market in mind and have a firm landing established before taking the leap. This is based upon years of personal observation. On the other hand, I'm not the most successful person in this environment. I've done very good things, technically, and have done very well interacting with people on a peer and ad hoc level, at all levels of various organizations. But I've never fit in too well, politically. I don't match the personality type that pre-dominates in corporate management. 0) (Cautiously) try to determine where this behavior is originating. Is it initiated by your immediate management, or is it coming from higher up? Is there a pay freeze or budget constraint that your immediate management can do nothing about? Are they going to bat for their reports, or just rolling over, either not requesting the increase/funding or not pushing back when first told "no". (I had one manager who seemed to find some combination of necessity and pride in keeping his department budget low. He repeatedly screwed over his reports to make himself look better (in his eyes; maybe also in his management's eyes, depending on how lame they were -- underpaying and abuse are not good long term strategies). He probably could have obtained a budget increase (or maintained what he previously had) to avoid some of these situations, but he didn't try. Later, at the same company, I had a different set of managers who produced double digit increases for me at a time when that "simply wasn't happening". They went to bat for me (after I pulled some proverbial rabbits out of hats). When there subsequently was a pay freeze, they found a way -- on their own initiative -- to pay for a conference trip I was already intending to pay for personally.) 1) Whether it's starting a job hunt, continuing your education, or something else, take some action that appeals to you and places you, in your own mind, on an equal footing with your manager/management. Don't allow yourself to feel caught indefinitely in their regimen. 2) Don't let this situation continue indefinitely. Either they take action to end it, or you do. Their action: Promote you and treat you like an adult, or terminate you. Your action: Grow within the position, or leave. Think about it in terms of a learning experience. And from their perspective, what are they learning if/as you allow it to go on indefinitely? That they can jerk you around. Is that really what you want them to learn? Further, if they "learn" this about you, your future with them is likely significantly diminished. Their eventual decision, if you leave the decision to them, is more likely to be to leave you parked where you are (or in very "incremental" growth), or to terminate. (By the way, the means by which I moved from the first set of management to the second was by taking advantage of the open door policy of a new senior manager, after determining it to be genuine, and telling him without threat but plainly what had been going on and that I'd had enough. I already had the other management team interested in me; the senior manager simply removed the red tape preventing the move. This actually made life easier for him; he could simply let me move, rather than having to formally address my grievance. Though he did correct the situations of a couple of other department members while they remained in their positions. And having three or four members of the same department approach him with similar grievances very likely made a strong impression and influenced the outcome. The "quiet" people finally spoke up. He deserves credit; it never would have happened, or happened so effectively, without that open door policy. Credit also to the one non-quiet department member who acted first in approaching him and thereby showed us the way.) The job situation (in the U.S., I'll assume) is terrible. So I wouldn't just jump ship without having a firm landing established, and I would be very cautious about communicating this perspective directly (or passive/aggressively) to them. Short term, you may have to take it. But work and plan to establish eventual exits from it, one way or another. You'll likely feel significantly better. Regain some measure of control. I hate to sound like I'm promoting an expressively aggressive attitude as the means to success. I've seen too much of it, in excess. But passive doesn't work well, in the corporations I've seen. I've watched time and again as moderately competent (sometimes perhaps marginally) but self-promoting people have passed by truly competent but "quiet" people. Or perhaps it's that the former have focused on the competency that matters more with regard to career advancement: Politics (and all that goes into it, which is a considerable effort including identifying what attitudes and results matter to whom of importance and focusing primarily on producing these, or the illusion of same). I don't mean to sound too judgmental in this: It's what the system appears to require. Be sure in evaluating your own situation to consider this perspective. When I compare the curriculum I had to the one my father had... well, there is no comparison. Granted, he was a bit on the far edge of things. But, they were machining amateur rocket engines in high school. In junior high, he ran a printing press for the school paper, casing type, etc. -- the whole nine yards. He had the opportunity to perform on the stage of Chicago's Orchestra Hall. Pure academic work also appears to have been of a higher caliber. This was a public school system. albeit one of the best in the area. I think he graduated with probably the equivalent of what would these days be considered a couple of years' worth of college level work. How about making upvoting power (e.g. votes per day (or hour, or whatever) accrue with tenure and/or karma? New users start with a low number of upvotes per period. At the start of each period, their count is reset to this maximum. (Unused votes do not roll over.) The user's upvote count scales up per some formula, and beyond a certain point, it becomes uncapped. I wouldn't grandfather anyone, either. KISS, and so that it also addresses the problem with the current population. Potentional problems with this: + In line with the general policy of transparency that is practiced here, you may want to show users how many upvotes they have. But you may not want the load of additional profile page hits that might occur as people check their counts. Perhaps it would be a lower load to show that count in a fashion similar to how karma is shown in the banner next to the user name. However, I don't have a suggestion for a design that wouldn't make the banner look too busy. + A scarcity of upvotes might promote more low-value commenting. Perhaps a user's minimum time between comments needs to be defined and similarly throttled. (Simply cutting off comments when the count hits zero will merely result in people turning to comments before their count hits zero. To take the glass half full view, perhaps such throttling would not eliminate participation, but would help people observe and become accustomed to the community's values before handing them the keys to the kingdom. And if they don't respect those values, it's going to hinder them from progressing to greater influence. Including karma in the formula allows for high value contributors to progress more quickly. Tenure keeps a one hit wonder or clique of friends from gaining undue influence. Be aware that there are different kinds of burr grinder. IIRC, it is preferable to have one that holds the grinding elements/surfaces (burrs) in what is referred to as a "conical" configuration. A quick google will elucidate; sorry, I'm still waking up... EDIT: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coffee_preparation#Grinding I mean to give the Aeropress a try, when I have a chance. Everything I've read about it has been very positive. I also hope to give this low cost, hand operated vacuum sealer a try, to keep my roasted beans in a low oxygen environment: http://www.pump-n-seal.com/ Presently, I keep them in a foil bag having a one-wave valve to vent CO2. I repeatedly fold down and then rubber band the opening to eliminate excess air. Works pretty well. If you want to continue with a fission process, I've seen comments to the effect that there's a lot of thorium around. India is known to have particularly abundant, known resources. A quick google http://www.google.com/#hl=en&source=hp&q=site%3Anews... turns up: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=517039 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=342635 Since I'm not going to make it myself in the near term, here's my idea: + Glove (or rings, or paint-onto-nails chips, for Pete's sake) motion sensors to sense hand, finger movement. Chording input, gesture interpretation, whatever you want. No more need for a keyboard and the real estate it demands. The motion sensors are already ubiquitous. This is just a new form factor, plus probably wireless communication à la Bluetooth or similar. + Heads up in glasses (or contact lenses, or whatever) display. Again, eliminates the need for the real estate, and power consumption, of a traditional display. A side (or additional primary, to those who worry about these things) benefit is the recovery of privacy; shoulder surfing becomes much more difficult if not impossible, depending upon design. + Audio: Well, that's already solved as well. Just a matter of what you plug the earbuds into (wire-fully or wirelessly). Goggles will also aid 3D display. All of these elements are coming along nicely. All that's needed is for someone to put them together in an appropriate form factor. The following pertains to the U.S.: I can't help thinking about risk with regard to the financing of education. My mind takes an immediate short cut (as in, my point may not be well reasoned) to commentary I've read that describes how e.g. the move from "traditional" pensions to 401K plans and similar personal investment vehicles has shifted risk from companies to individuals. In education, it seems (at least, on the surface, in financial figures quoted in the news) that students and their families are being asked to take on more and more risk with regard to students' education. Try viewing the system as having two parties: The student (and their social circle), who benefits from gaining a more competitive (and, depending upon your perspective, personally enriching) skillset; and society, which ostensibly gains a member capable of greater contributions. With employees and employers, it might seem that the employer/company is better able to take on and to manage risk. Greater financial resources, and greater ability to contract or employ professional advice and to do so in an efficient manner, sharing the benefit of that advice across multiple employees. Instead, financial management has been pushed to the employees; employers' liability has been minimized. (That's the argument that's been made. In light of developments in the last several years, I'm not sure it's a valid one.) In education, it seems that society might better be able to carry the risk of initial career choices. But that risk has been pushed increasingly to students. The idea of society taking on greater risk in managing tertiary education may fall down in that (U.S.) society does not directly tell students what careers to pursue. Thank goodness; I doubt that's what we want. Although it can influence by determining funding differentials including scholarships, government funding of research, etc. But I'm not arguing for going such a route whole hog (entirely). I'm not really making much of an effective argument at all. Rather, I'm asking, what is the allocation of risk in the U.S. tertiary education system/market. Has it been changing (it seems so, to me), and if so, what are the mechanisms and reasoning behind this? Lest this question seem merely "academic" (sorry), there is also plenty of public discussion about the effects of these high levels of personal debt resulting from education expenses. New doctors who don't go into primary care not just because specialization pays better but because, even if they are called to primary care and are willing to forgo specialization's larger pay, the need to pay off enormous loans prevents them from making that choice. New lawyers who feel compelled to go the corporate route for similar reasons. There's also what's been happening to the job market for educators: Instructors spread across three part time jobs at different institutions. Benefits declining or not offered. Traditional, "tenured" positions (whether you like them or not) increasingly rare. I don't have the answers, and I'm not involved with this enough to have much first hand experience. My perceptions, that form the basis of my question, may be wrong. I hope my question was worth raising, and that I didn't totally munge it in posing it here. In line with my thoughts. Evaluate your health. If you are feeling poorly, it can keep you from getting into or maintaining flow. Also, physical exertion / exercise calms the nervous system. Have a look at this page; it is a decent summary of one identity masking service (given merely as an example, although I've been happy with namecheap). As they state, you retain ownership of the domain. They merely serve as a proxy public contact. http://www.namecheap.com/learn/privacy-protection/whoisguard... On the off chance, does anyone have recommendations for similar resources in German, French, and/or Spanish? Yes. Thanks for the recommendation. I've used LEO. However, I was looking for something more comprehensive, (perhaps more authoritative), and also in a more readable format. I would suggest that age can bring focus. You may have various interests, but you get better and sorting one from another at deciding which gets attention when and where. You've seen more, and you've learned how to choose what gets attention. To be selective. This is different from the absorption of youth. It may actually get a bit harder to be so fully absorbed. But a bit easier to set aside an intriguing novelty that does not pertain to your current endeavors. I'd be very interested in knowing that this was the case. But I need more that second hand anecdote without a single specific reference. Yes. I often find the "context switching" in scrolling around a lot more inhibiting that the density of e.g. Perl syntax. Perl syntax also builds on a rich heritage. If you are familiar with that heritage, it's a lot more evident. Conversely, as you learn Perl, that heritage is elucidated. (For example, learning Perl in a Windows environment (I know...) and then moving to UNIX.) In the same vein, if not the same format: Distributing a Word document from which you've not removed change tracking (and/or other metadata). (Or whatever Word calls it; it's been a while.) I had to correct my teammates on this one, a while back (and yes, the documents were going to external clients). Nothing novel; the problem's been in the news repeatedly. Nonetheless, people -- even "technical" -- still don't get it right. (I encouraged them to go further and switch to PDF format for the distribution, but they wouldn't.) I have no personal experience and at best perhaps a vague recollection of having read or heard something, but would document images be or in the past have been used also to make discovery as inefficient as permitted for the opposition? Images require a person to analyze, or pre-processing before electronic search and analysis can be performed against them. Or it might have been Klingon. (Lest I be considered entirely off topic: http://www.perl.com/lpt/a/560 http://www.perlmonks.org/?node_id=88704 and search "klingon". Better the salariman, than Conway in a playful mood.) I didn't bother to sign up / sign in in order to look further, but skimming leaves me with the impression that this is some sort of consulting pitch? I used to miss the presence of such a notification feature. But, with the more recent proliferation of comments including "one liners", I'm becoming increasingly appreciative of this approach. Yet another example of apparent lack of a feature actually being a feature. Or disable/zap CSS. EDIT: One relatively non-invasive means: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html#zap_style_s... I suggest that one not use bookmarklets without examining them first, confirming for oneself that the are safe. Fortunately, this one's very brief and apparent. One problem is when external forces bring in incompetent management. Being part of such a team may be a great experience, but you are always at the mercy of higher ups. Your one real point of leverage is to walk out the door. If the people managing you don't respect what you bring to the table, you lose even this. And if they don't understand it, which is what often happens with "interchangeable" management, they are unlikely to respect it. Then, reflect that there is the potential for this disconnect at each level of management. Start counting the levels that exist in your organization. If you are smart, you will develop an informal network of contacts/relationships throughout your organization. And keep your resume up to date. (I think that smart people develop such a network not only or even primarily out of a calculated decision to manage their career, but because they find interesting what other people know and do and struggle with and solve, and helping them.) Perhaps this is one reason social skills (of a certain sort) tend to predominate in large organizations. Given the situation, they become the most essential tools to a career. Also, regarding social equanimity, a large part of corporate life is "not rocking the boat". At lower ranks, this can imply a strong uniformity of treatment. Your increase will be between 0% and 4%, regardless, because those are the absolute limits that have been chosen. If someone were to receive 10%, there would be a lot of jealousy and unrest. The only way to larger increases is promotion. Promotion changes one's duties. Ergo, certain duties will never be compensated beyond "industry standards". The social structure caps their compensation and so, minus the individual who 'self-sacrifices', their effectiveness. And this is, in part, where your "average or below-average" coworkers come from. Management won't sweeten the pot, even if, as the posted story implies, going after the top of the talent pool produces far greater returns than the additional investment. I guess this comment is kind of thrown together. Large social structures tend to enforce norms and drift towards a lowest common denominator. Exceptions occur, but over time, they are fighting the tide. Previous thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=88189 Amen. The one thing I'll add is that AT&T is now really so only in name. SBC bought the remains of AT&T -- largely for the name, ran most speculation at the time -- a few years ago. And a bigger/worse set of beep than SBC management you'll be hard pressed to find (IMHO). The only thing that (finally) got them to accelerate the roll out of DSL in Illinois was Comcast and the other cable companies beginning to eat their lunch. After 6 years in a community of several hundred residences less than two miles from a town that does have DSL service, they still couldn't be bothered to drop in a local junction (I'm forgetting my terminology; whatever box it is that can take the place of a local switching center these days in providing DSL service) so that I and my neighbors would be within what they consider an acceptable range for service. This was a couple of years ago; I haven't bothered to check since. A few towns further downstate finally got so frustrated that they made plans to roll their own connectivity. AT&T took them to court and lobbied the state legislature to prevent them from proceeding. Back before my last move, I had DSL from SBC (maybe at that time still Ameritech/SBC; and which has since purchased the AT&T name). Phoning up to place the order, the call was answered within a few seconds. Installation itself took three scheduled visits, each requiring a half-day window of my availability (so, off from work), before someone actually showed up to fill the order. Then, they did an absolute crap job, leaving a bare wire-to-wire connection hanging on the ouside of the building. My downstairs neighbor had a friend stop by who was an actual line technician for the telephony part of SBC. That fellow was kind enough to go up and clean up and tape over that connection, as a favor to his friend. Turns out the DSL installers they were sending out were subcontractors. After that, connectivity would go down frequently. When it was up, traceroute would show a blank -awful lot of bouncing around SBC servers (sometimes close to 10, perhaps more) before a request escaped to the internet. One time when I called for service, I reached a nice support tech who was at the point of boiling over (at the situation, not me). She described how they were subcontractors who filed tickets that were then serviced by other subcontractors (IIRC). When people called up, there was literally nothing more she could do than file a ticket, and she could get no further feedback on the status of that ticket. I ended up spending about thirty minutes talking to her as she calmed down. It didn't matter with respect to her keeping her job; she'd decided to leave her position the following week. I feel a little guilty that this tied her up, but she just needed someone to vent to after banging her head against the proverbial wall of SBC tech support for too long. SBC, now AT&T, is one of the few companies I have an immediate aversion to giving any business whatsoever. I know some individual employees who are just fine. But management, particularly senior management and the policies they promulgate, are simply evil. I hesitate a bit to post this. HN generally isn't a place I consider griping appropriate. But this company's behavior serves such an exemplary role of how not to do business (unless you are a de facto regional monopoly (as they were at that time) and part of a national oligarchy), that it is perhaps instructional. Oh, and it's been a while, but IIRC SBC was given many millions of dollars in concessions and dismissal of legal charges, in return for their agreement, among other things, to accelerate and thoroughly roll out statewide high speed Internet (DSL). The above description is an example of how they failed to honor this commitment. Instead, they spent their time lobbying the state legislature to have the terms of the agreement altered to exempt them from having to honor it. One example of another lesson demonstrated repeatedly in the state and region: Such concessions, tax breaks, etc. rarely pay off for the states and communities that make them. I have no great love for any of the major telcos, nor the major cable companies (shudder), but the Death Star is in a class unto itself. Top Google result: http://www.sausalitowireless.com/ http://www.sausalitowireless.com/wirelsfaq.html Can I leave the yacht harbour and still have a signal? If leaving by boat, you can sail out into the bay halfway until Angel Island, and still have a signal strong enough to conduct even video conferencing. Alternatively, leaving by car or foot, you can access Sausalito Wireless in various locations along Bridgeway (Cafe Trieste or The Taco Shop for example). I don't have details at hand to cite, but I recall encountering some recent news of research that may place in question equating a simple measure of sun exposure to elevated risk for skin cancer. (I didn't look at in depth, and my memory could be somewhat faulty.) It may not be simple quantity of exposure, but rather severe sunburns that most elevate risk. If one is outside regularly and acclimatized, these severe burns are less likely to occur. Perhaps someone else will have a more detailed comment on this. Of course, one's pigmentation will also influence the likelihood of sunburn, although dark pigmentation does not entirely prevent burning. EDIT: Just read InclinedPlane's comment, above, which mentions the same concern with sunburn. Far north suburbs. I've been a recluse, lately, but maybe when things pick up for me, I'll see you at one of the HN meetings. (Didn't realize until now that you're in the neighborhood.) (Small) image of the display in both modes, in this other Engadget story. http://www.engadget.com/2009/12/07/pixel-qi-displays-hit-pro... A couple of years ago, the NYT site started doing stuff like this, and it was really getting in my way. I ran across a suggestion to use Adblock to block a specific Javascript file/inclusion from their site. Worked wonders. Get one that pushes everything over SSL / TLS / port 443. Other protocols / ports are often blocked in random and public settings. What this (title) makes me think of is having and environment/tools that don't get in your way. Not so much a large step (e.g. a significant compile), but the small actions you're constantly taking. A UI (editor, file manager, etc) that doesn't hesitate while it composes menus or context. "Intellisense" (whatever your flavor, if any) and references that are immediate. When I work on a slower system, such small pauses accumulate into a "mental stutter" that changes the level of my overall performance. It isn't that I don't think -- a lot -- but that when I manage to form something in my head, I want to get it down with a minimum of of interference and distraction. Those pauses can be the "thousand cuts" of the death of that inspiration. Perhaps that's one reason I still prefer to design on paper. There's nothing between me and my ideas except the speed of the pencil, and my ability to flip between pages (that have strong visual landmarks). A llama. (Go, Heifer! http://www.heifer.org/ ) There are a few texts that are an order of magnitude more enlightening than the remainder. Not (just) in terms of content, but in terms of explanation as well as engagement. It is well worth your time identifying and working with these. Not to be snobbish; they are just so much more efficient, and enjoyable. I haven't noticed a dramatic difference with omega 3's. I am rather sensitive to noise; I find it quite difficult to tune out particularly human background noise when I am trying to concentrate on something else and am not participating in that noise. Thunderstorms, etc., are fine. Neighboring conversations, music, TV, etc., not so much (not at all). I recall someone's suggestion to wear ear buds, even if your are not playing anything. The social norm is to avoid interrupting such a person -- keeps at least some of the interruptions at bay. I've found some CD's of "white noise" and I intend to try playing this. In the past, I've used a fan to take the edge off of background noise. One of the CD's is for "fan noise"; maybe this will help. I'm cautious of playing anything too loud for too long. Even lower level noise can be damaging when heard for extended periods of time. EDIT: Unmunge word choice. Some people use what is apparently innate spacial orientation.to manage large volumes of material. E.g. the iconic cluttered professor's or researcher's office. But when they need something, they know exactly what pile it is in and about where within that pile (how deep). The surroundings provide a three dimensional environment rich in sensory cues, which they can readily remember and within which they can readily navigate. There was a New Yorker or similar article on this, some years ago, that addressed the enduring nature of paper in the electronic age. If I can find it, I'll post the URL. Never saw any video of him nor a live performance. But way back in college days, I spent part of one break hanging out in a loaner off campus apartment. The fellow had a pretty sweet (I guess the word would be) stereo set up with very good equipment and also with 4 speakers around the listening area. My friend put on a Hedges CD -- I'd never heard him before -- and it was a revelation. Well worth a listen. Perhaps start with "Breakfast in the Field". "Aerial Boundaries" tries more techniques, but "Breakfast" is just that, a delicious meal in a perfect setting. http://www.amazon.com/Breakfast-Field-Michael-Hedges/dp/B000... [link with no referrer huhu] EDIT: (To parent post) Just noted your "Live" recommendation. I'll have to track that down. Reminded me of my old Kaypro (CP/M). I have/had a DOS based emulator, nice22^H^H^H^H^H^H 22nice. Googling around for it turns up: http://www.dcast.vbox.co.uk/cpm_over.html http://www.cpm.z80.de/emulate.html The latter has a copy for download. (Although both also provide alternatives, some maybe better.) Now, I think I still have access to an idle 5 1/4 floppy drive and a PC with an old enough bus to use it. Long overdue to do a bit of personal preservation. I also have a CD ROM that I ordered years ago from some outfit in Oak Creek, CA, IIRC, that has a bunch of CP/M based software. If I can find it and it has not rotted... Which may have been a significant factor in lowering overall price points. Generic laptops are now in the US$500 - 600 range (depending upon your definitions of "generic" and "laptop"). My (rather limited) understanding of the PC industry is that it does / did try to maintain certain price points in the face of ongoing technical improvements. For a while, the area around US$1000 was maintained for lower end systems. That has since gone by the wayside. That's a bet I won't take. I guess I meant a physically exposed bus with a connector I can use. I've seen USB adapted 3.5 drives, but I don't think I've seen one in the 5.25 format. If I did, it might be priced at a significant percentage of the cost of your netbook! I suppose someone still sells internal adapter cards, or there's eBay and the junk store. I keep forgetting about eBay; I guess I've no immediate worries about acquiring some piece of equipment if needed. But I still have a couple of relics laying around that should do. BTW, I still miss that Kaypro's keyboard -- not half bad. Less so, "hacking" up Wordstar documents with control sequences to backspace the Okidata to make do-it-yourself Umlauts and Eszett. But now I guess I'm drifting over to hardware, whose preservation is a separate group. User pkrumins has been doing a lot of self study, albeit more in computer science and technology than maths, I believe. Perhaps some of his posts might nonetheless prove interesting with regard to the meta-topic of self-study. Kudos to you, from one who is slightly envious. A 3.5 USB adapter may suffice. You would have to match the cable for a 5.25 drive (usually it is within the computer box that has the drive :-P ) I hadn't thought of that. Thanks! Your final comments touch upon a couple of peeves of mine. I would insist: 1) That hosts and presenters supply relevant materials enough in advance to allow review, when said are not already available. Over 75% of internal meetings I've attended in the past some years have the agenda delivered via email less than 5 minutes before the meeting start. It may serve the CYA documentation requirement, but little else. 2) That attendees actually prep for the meeting. Sometimes, with a small and/or tight team, people already know the situation and are ready to put their heads together. Much more often, though, many enter the meeting with little or no knowledge of what it's about. (These are the same people who spent e.g. the previous hour schmoozing at each other's cubes.) 75% of the meeting time is spent rehashing what is already known, in an inefficient verbal format. Is it any wonder that those who are actually on top of things hate meetings? Working on a good and conscientious team, I've been able to hold meetings that sometimes require only a few minutes and that break up as soon as the questions and information at hand are addressed. (Perhaps with a few minutes extra for a bit of humor and socialization, depending on schedules.) Outside of that context, I just stopped going to some meetings, when I could afford to. Restated briefly, if you can't be bothered to document the topic, why should I go to your meeting and do it myself with a bunch of idle time and intermittent note-taking? And/or sit quietly while others catch up. (Or worse, I find myself repeatedly having to correct and clarify the host.) If/when you need my help badly enough, you'll start being more efficient (and respectful). Of course, this attitude does not go over so well, politically. Which is probably a good sign to start looking for the next gig. Note the calendars provided on what is currently the top post: A 2010 "Graphical Computing" Calendar http://myreckonings.com/wordpress/2009/12/31/a-2010-graphica... At a number of commerical buildings I frequently, I... frequently see people use the swinging doors located to the side of the revolving door (for ADA compliance, if nothing else). They do this even when there is no traffic at the revolving door. Often, they will hit the button to automatically open the doors. This is even worse than using the door manually, as the timer that controls the door motion usually leaves the door open for many seconds -- presumably to accommodate a slower user or one with a wider configuration, e.g. a wheelchair -- before beginning to close. Mind you, these are people who appear to be fully mobile and not unduly hindered or handicapped. Quite often, I'll see people use the swinging doors to exit, where they just hit the crash bar and proceed. Presumably, they find this quicker (by a matter of a second or three) and more convenient. (The cynic in me says: And after all, if they are even aware of the difference in efficiency, they are not personally paying the heating bill and cooling bills.) I wonder whether a brief, one page "flyer" version of the linked information could be effective in altering behavior. I wouldn't ask permission to post them; I'd just engage in a guerrilla campaign of slapping them up when and where I can get away with it. Preferably, the flyer would have a professional appearance and the salient information would be encapsulated in an easily scanned sentence or three in large font. There might be more detail below, and hopefully also an eye-catching graphic. I'm no graphics artist, but maybe I'll give it a go. My (very) first draft ended up being what I stuck with. I was going to position the text, maybe add a border, etc. But when I printed this out, it seemed a good combination of minimal and to the point. I realize the value I quote is specific to the MIT environment studied, but I'd rather not complicate things. It gets the point across, and the URL is given for those who want to investigate further. https://docs.google.com/fileview?id=0B1boia8nkdobOWQzZWEwNTg... (Not that I expect much credit for this simple approach. But now I have something I can put in my bag, ready for the next opportunity.) EDIT: Also, the term "use" might be considered vague or otherwise non-specific. But it is brief and fits the intended tone of KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid). In my mind, "use" doesn't create the mental 'stutter' that "consume" or another verb might. And perhaps its repetition in the second sentence provides a subliminal reinforcement. (While the use of "do" avoids repetition within the same sentence to negative effect. Call the literary criticism police; I'm out of control.) An air lock -- or vestibule. There are forms of these that are temporary. Some restaurants and bars will put one up in the winter; typically made of heavy canvas rigged across a metal frame, often with clear plastic window inserts to keep users aware of traffic coming in the opposite direction. Most often, the primary motivation seems to be to increase guest comfort by preventing cold blasts. But they also aid energy efficiency. I initially thought your comment was perhaps a bit snarky. Two thirds of the way through the article, and having given up on it myself, I'm less critical of your comment. One point I noticed before giving up. He criticizes a 'NYT article' for injecting what he perceives as the author's opinion. The 'article' actually appears under their "Dealbook" moniker. Which is, as the URL for the story tends to confirm, a blog . You know, where sometimes opinion is allowed. http://dealbook.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/11/08/windfall-seen-as-bank-bonuses-are-paid-in-stock/ I do agree with the overall sentiment: These days, I find many news stories painful to read, and frustrating when I find the actual facts I'm after in the 17th paragraph and/or scattered throughout in seemingly haphazard fashion -- introduced wherever the over-arching effort in creative writing leaves a bit of suitable room. Sometimes, something like USA Today is a relief simply because what stories they do run are briefer and written more in the traditional top down structure that tries to put a summary of the most relevant information at the top and then elaborates on it below. Not that USA Today is a substitute for the newspapers of yore. But neither is some of the byline heavy tripe that's become so pervasive. -- Just Another GOM (Grumpy Old Man) Nit: That URL needs cleansing by adding a space between it and the trailing asterisk when submitting (a problem with HN's parsing of '❄blah❄' markup that I've noticed/noted before; I seem to recall the breakage scenario as occurring when the markup is used at the end of a paragraph). Test case: The last word of this sentence -- sans any training punctuation -- has the markup Err... nope: It looks like it's only when wrapping a URL in the markup http://www.google.com/* a̶n̶d̶/̶o̶r̶ ̶w̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶t̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶U̶R̶L̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶a̶t̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶e̶n̶d̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶a̶ ̶p̶a̶r̶a̶g̶r̶a̶p̶h̶ ̶ ̶h̶t̶t̶p̶:̶/̶/̶w̶w̶w̶.̶g̶o̶o̶g̶l̶e̶.̶c̶o̶m̶/̶ ̶ Looks like I need to break some continuing italicization now. Trying the same sort of markup but also wrapping a trailing space produces http://www.google.com/ , which is better.. ---- Where ❄ represents an asterisk. I was attempting to address this in my "literary criticism moment". "The average Joe" is, in my thinking, unlikely to be this specific in their analysis. "Use" gets the point across without invoking more complex topics (what does "consume" or "waste" mean) and/or words that may already be politically and emotionally loaded. As for the "Please consider" part (responding to the other response in this branch of the discussion tree), I didn't want to be "telling" anyone what to do. I thought it would be more productive / invoke a more positive response to ask them to think things through for themselves. Also, since I'm not the building owner nor manager, it's not really my place to dictate policy. I'm making a suggestion to the individual reading the sign. I don't go into more detail on the sign, because detail -- or the impression of same -- tends to put people off. If anyone's really interested, the cited URL is pretty simple and "MIT Energy Initiative" is pretty easy to remember and google. (Also/instead, maybe I was just lazy.) Thanks for the feedback, though. Valid points. I'm just explaining my reasoning, not seeing them as invalid. I think HN wants ranking based on content and not the poster's social network. Did not yet read the article. But responding to your comment, on the other hand one might say that Google is encouraging the consumer to think through the subsidized phone purchase model and perhaps nudging them to purchase outright (if/when one thinks it through). If you don't like the product/service, the phone is unlocked. Sell it used, recouping hopefully a significant fraction of your investment, and move on. I don't know whether this is practical nor corresponding to their intent, but it comes to mind. I'm also unfamiliar with the ease and thoroughness involved in a user wiping their phone of user data before resale. EDIT: Read the article. They claim the Google $350 charge only applies when service is canceled within the first 120 days. Depending on the monthly fee, one would be better off just waiting out that period (ignoring the impact of possible unsatisfactory phone service during that time)? There is also an initial 14 day trial period. I don't mean to be overly favorable towards Google. In particular, some of the support woes that have been surfacing are in line with my past experiences with them. If you aren't high profile, seeking support can be talking to a wall. Also, The overall fees involved do seem excessive. The T-Mobile plust Google fees during the first 120 days seem like a double dip. Fair enough (meaning your comment). I'm not familiar with their documentation in this regard, but it wouldn't surprise me. Somewhere out there someone posted a CSS set for Google Docs (the word processing portion) that achieves a similar effect. Just saw it mentioned; never tried it. In Google Docs, under menu Edit or some such, there is the option to enter custom CSS. I wonder whether Google has figured out/decided that China is a one way flow of intellectual and strategic resources, and that it does not serve their long term business interests -- which depend heavily on the free flow of information -- to have a significant portion of their activity captured by a regime not just repressive but with its own, over-riding agenda that brooks no competition. The current events are troubling, but I imagine the decision makers at Google are also looking at the long term implications to their business. That is to say, even without the current crisis, China as currently governed and managed may be a poor long-term bet for Google. Both in isolation and as part of a world economy still in the process of being defined and subject to influence by decisions such as this. A nice summary to pass on to friends who aren't aware of these issues. Also, I was unfamiliar with this Firefox extension: RequestPolicy 0.5.12 https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/9727 Be in control of which cross-site requests are allowed. Improve the privacy of your browsing by not letting other sites know your browsing habits. Secure yourself from Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) and other attacks. Sleep. Seriously. Also, "downtime". During both of which you integrate short term memory into long term memory. and also form associations that you can't consciously control. I find that when I'm rested, I can maintain several more items in my working memory. It also frees up your working memory to take on new items, with the previous material now ensconced in long term memory. Health. If you are feeling poorly, it's going to be distracting. Also, exercise is increasingly shown to have a large positive effect upon mental function. Eliminating negative distractions -- even those you may be unaware of. Anecdote: Back in college days, a friend pursuing a chemistry major used to study with music on. One time, he deliberately avoided the music -- perhaps I or someone convinced him to give it a try -- while studying for the next exam. He did significantly better in the exam, by his own evaluation, and was quite surprised by this. I'm not saying everyone reacts the same way to music; rather, you need to be aware of your own, personal reactions. And sometimes this is not obvious. I've reluctantly begun taking a low dose of Adderall, recently -- partly in response to some chronic health problems that I won't go into. It helps a bit in some ways, but also hinders me in others. It does NOT produce the deep, rapid, and highly insightful quasi-fugue / focus state that I could get into -- with some effort -- when I was younger and particularly in better health. Perhaps some of the newer nootropics are better -- they are quite expensive in the U.S. and I haven't given them a try. But my general impression is that there is not much in the way of real shortcuts. You build up and protect your foundation of physical health, and this provides the brain the resources that enable greater critical thinking, including working memory. I guess I should add in a specific reference to stress. Acute, limited duration stress can increase my focus in a certain domain. Chronic stress and particularly negative acute stress short circuit my working memory more than anything else. My recent experience is that "software engineer" ~= manager and "architect", farming programming tasks out to overseas employees. That's the distinction: We in the U.S. are (supposedly) going to retain management (and maybe design) while outsourcing the "lower level" work. I originally continued with a longer comment, but it summarizes to: "Good luck with that." It also introduces a lot of "friction" and inefficiency into the development process, at least in my experience. Some of my thoughts run similarly. Where are senior people going to come from, given that they need to grow from junior positions. If you are eliminating junior positions domestically, the answer seems obvious. Perhaps from the standpoint of at least a portion of the imagined target market, that's a feature rather than a deficit (aka more fun/interesting that way). ;-) I'd like to ask what the public cost has been (and which continues to accumulate) for this line of pursuit. Both in outright expense, and in allocation of limited resources (thereby removing them from performing other work, pursuing other leads, etc). Of course, the personal cost to the Twitterer has been extreme and will likely continue to accrue at a rate difficult to match against the resources the State can (wastefully) afford to invest -- afford at least for the moment, until its stupidity overwhelms even it. (The caveat being that in democracies, the State and those resources are (purportedly) ours. Just blaming "the State" ignores our own culpability. If you don't like it, vote them out. If you don't know for whom to vote, inform yourself. If you don't like any of the choices, run,) Just to note, this is from 2003. Not that it's not interesting. There was a rash of articles on this topic, in the general media. Probably due to the popularization of a research result, and/or piggy backing onto a particularly prominent news article. I don't recall the timeframe, but my memory fits your description. I'm surprised that username "billgates" was available. Did some poor schmuck or imposter get the boot? Or did MS or his own PR lock it up early on? Edit: (Hmm, or did someone make a tidy sum?) "iSay"? Unless you have a strong, raw intellectual motivation in the endeavor, start by learning whatever allows you to accomplish tasks of interest to you. This is a strong motivating factor. If you like it, you'll keep learning more in order to accomplish more. Tasks that save you time and effort are a good place to start. Tasks that entertain you are another. In this regard, a scripting language with a good interface to your system (file access, graphics/presentation support, network support) is often cited as a good place to start. Many people suggest Python. As you move to tackling larger problems, and/or growing your previous work, you'll find it beneficial to learn more about designs and techniques that aid in staying organized, keeping your work maintainable and efficient, etc. At that point, you'll want to look beyond the references for the language you started in and learn more general principles. (But even when you start, look for the BEST references in the language of your choice. The best references incorporate some of this context and explain it well, giving you a head start and helping you to avoid "bad" practices you may latter have to "unlearn".) P.S. Perhaps implied in the above, the environment you want to work in / control will influence your choice. For "general" programming -- freestanding programs running on your machine -- you might find e.g Python the best starting point. If you mostly want to control things in your browser, then Javascript (along with HTML, CSS, and the DOM model -- which is already incorporating a quantity of semi-arbitrary detail that frustrates some people). If you were trying to ease administering a UNIX-flavor environment, you might consider Perl. If you spend most of your time in Microsoft Office documents, then Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) or whatever it is these days. How long it takes depends largely on you. Some people, particularly with a strong motivation to accomplish specific things, learn quite a lot in a couple of months. On the other hand, I've worked with people having technology degrees who nonetheless seem fairly clueless. It's another form of privatizing privilege and socializing cost. A corporation is granted privileges of personhood, but spared the liabilities. A corporation can't be imprisoned, and it's very difficult and expensive to criminally prosecute its executives (its brain?) and impossible to do the same to its shareholders (its body). (It's also difficult to seek civil remedies; if you are not of comparable size, they can often effectively spend you into the ground or, financially, keep you from even starting.) There's a reason we lock people away, other than to prevent them repeating a crime: It's a form of punishment and control that -- for most -- exceeds financial penalties. Corporations are, as an entity, immune from this. And the bulk of the people who enable their activities are, as well. In light of this, I see no problem with a reasoned limitation of their privileges. They do not exist as living beings (I initially used the word "corporeal", but I imagine that would confuse some or my intended meaning be deliberately mis-interpreted in counter-argument); they are not granted the same privileges. (For those who don't make the connection: The "socialization" of cost means the costs incurred when corporations engage in criminal behavior. This might be be seen to include the prevalence of such behavior, as a result of a lack of effective controls against it.) Fully agree. I was disgusted when I learned of the pre-fetching defaults. This reminds me to check whether my custom settings to disable pre-fetch have "stuck" through the most recent updates (Firefox). The first time I've heard that term. Catchy soundbite -- useful as such. There's a fellow in Iowa using an Arduino as part of a GPS guidance system he developed for his tractor. http://www.arduino.cc/cgi-bin/yabb2/YaBB.pl?num=1254445743 Last I checked, he had his variance from ideal track down to 1.5 inches. Interesting read. Good health Something engaging to do An environment that aids rather than fights what you are doing Honest company Time alone A steady dose of nature I make a practice of executing such a search before I submit a link. Of course, for me it's a VERY occasional practice. ;-) Separately, would it be useful if HN had a sort presentation that listed posts/threads recently commented upon -- perhaps further weighted by post score -- as opposed to just recent comments (where the quantity combined with flatness of presentation quickly overwhelms me)? Of course, one would have trouble finding the new comment within the old thread -- particularly active ones -- unless there was further utility added to locate it within the thread of conversation of such a post. (If it was in response to a parent comment, it would not sort to the top.) At which point, the current presentation paradigm for the site is starting to change significantly. Representing both a lot of work for PG, and an open-ended question as to the effects upon the community dynamics. So... perhaps we are better off with what we have. If a page/topic is brought up again after after a significant period of time (more than a few days), it is handled as a new discussion. With thoughtful people like Rider... perhaps citing older posts/threads for further reference. Substitute the word "institution" for "State", and you have a description that fits the U.S. (and many other places and situations) quite well. Territorial government does not have a monopoly on hegemony nor the avarice it inspires. (Not that I'm defending the Chinese government.) I'm wondering whether there is provision for wireless keyboard and mouse. Last week, a friend was asking whether they might substitute this for the Macbook they are considering purchasing. Their overall computer use is pretty light and Internet focused: Email, browsing, some light document editing (which Google Docs or similar could handle). Having the form factor of a tablet, without having to make two purchases, would be of use to them. (My personal reaction to this approach was not entirely positive (e.g. guaranteed access to data and security of same?), but I take their point.) P.S. Or wired input accessories. Wireless just seems more intuitively in line with the design and form factor. Also, this was before the stronger rumors circulated about it hosting the iPhone version of their OS, although I was speculating/suspecting about just how locked up it would be. And without Flash (Gruber, et al.), its "general" browsing and online document editing potential will be limited. EDIT: Rereading and following your link, I think that link that you provided does offer a strong reason. Apple places appearance including the functional part of appearance near the top of a list of requirements. I imagine Jobs would quickly shoot down a product that would have users complaining about viewing angles and difficulty sharing the experience/use with (social / physically present) company. And good color reproduction also fits into this requirement. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lcd#Drawbacks LCD panels using TN tend to have a limited viewing angle relative to CRT and plasma displays. This reduces the number of people able to conveniently view the same image – laptop screens are a prime example. Usually when looking below the screen, it gets much darker; looking from above makes it look lighter. This distorts the colors and makes cheap LCD monitors unsuitable for work where color is important, such as in graphic design work, as the colors change when the eyes are moved slightly up or down, or when looking either at the top of the screen or at the bottom from a fixed position. Many displays based on thin film transistor variants such as IPS, MVA, or PVA, have much improved viewing angles; typically the color only becomes a little brighter when viewing at extreme angles, though much of the improvements on viewing angles has been done[citation needed] on lateral angles, not on vertical ones. Yep. The Gizmodo pages look a little overly enthusiastic to me, but I'm betting that this is going to tempt my friend. She is quite non-technical and one of the reason's she has been considering a Mac is to get away from the malware that has caused her work provided Windows PC to be wiped and reinstalled four times (she never asked me for help with it; too bad). http://i.gizmodo.com/5458341/ipad-keyboard-dock-because-even... http://i.gizmodo.com/5458292/the-apple-tablet-is-here-and-it... Makes me think of the comparisons people are constantly performing. If you see someone else exert self-control, you can do so while your inherent cognitive comparison functions deduce that in doing so you are not "doing worse" than the other person; you are not missing out on something that they are getting. Also, in comparing, you may see the abstention of the other person as advantageous. For example, if weight gain is a consideration, that other person's abstention helps them to control their weight and -- at least by current, U.S. society's evaluation -- improve their appearance. You may then be motivated to do the same, so as to not compare poorly to them in terms of physical appearance. Further, I'd argue that what's in front of you has the most immediacy. When you directly confront these situations, they have a stronger influence than when you have knowledge of them but are currently separate and alone. Advertising may overcome this in part by saturation. If the saturation is sufficient, then furthermore, you are never far from its immediate, real-time influence. Split what hairs? I read his comment to mean he'd bring a netbook that he can afford to lose -- "disposable", if U.S. Customs decides to seize it. Further, that being a separate computer that contains no data of importance to him. Merely something that provides an interface to the Internet, once past the border, for convenience and for the security of starting with a machine in a known safe state (well, assuming Customs doesn't install anything on it) as opposed to borrowing someone else's machine or using a public one. My one caveat would be to suggest comparing prices at home and in the U.S., and if it's significantly cheaper in the U.S. and you have enough time to shop without stress or sacrifice, consider buying the machine in the U.S. -- unless it would be too much hassle to bring it back (import taxes or whatever). (Years ago, a friend's boss went back to Germany with an entire Minolta or whatever SLR setup (body, lenses, tripod, etc) that would have cost him something like twice as much at home. He found some way to get it past German customs -- he may have just taken the chance that he would not be challenged.) I've seen similar comments before. And it mirrors the approach I would take if/when I travel abroad and the equipment is not my employer's. Any data I need I'll leave strongly encrypted on a data store I can access over the Net. Bonuses: Theft will only risk the price of the machine, and if I feel uncertain about its health upon my return (or during the trip), I can simply wipe it and reinstall. Now that I think about it, I recall that the boss asked my friend, on one of the friend's trips, to bring a laser printer back. This was before they were as small and light as they've gotten. It gave me a good laugh when he told me this. But somehow he got it packed and home. I find distraction a very simple method. When I'm absorbed in a problem, I can go the better part of a day without eating. Often then, when I finally eat, it's because the lack of food / nutrients is starting to significantly hamper my thinking and focus. But it takes (this well/overfed U.S. resident) some time to reach that point. The problem is to keep this mode of life up for a sustained period of time. I also tend to lose significant weight while on vacation. This is usually because my vacations involve: 1) Intense, extended interaction with people (very occupying, if "distracting" is perhaps not the best word to use re social company) in non-food settings; 2) A lot of traveling and getting around from one novel place to another, again very occupying and without much of a food context. I guess I could add that vacations for me involve very little TV. Finally, as an aside, I've remained a fan of "TV host" Craig Ferguson's simple comment on the topic: "Eat less, move around more." I realize that it's not that simple for everybody, but for a fair number of people -- myself included -- it is. And his phrase, especially delivered in his accent and trademark combination of absurd and serious, is very memorable. This makes it useful to me on an ad hoc, day to day basis. I've seen some recent news associating low sodium with a possible link to depression. I don't have a news source URL at hand to cite, much less an actual study, but I'm keeping an subconscious eye open for more information. I can live with a locked down device. I have a friend who may "love" such a feature, given her light use and the fact that her Windows PC has been wiped 4 times to remove malware. But when such a device has the potential to take over the market and eliminate other channels of delivery and "ownership", I become very concerned. That's what most concerns me about the iPad; that in a year -- or more likely three -- I'll have to have one in order to access content. And then I'll only have a temporary, non-transferable, revocable-upon-whim license to said content. Bah. I don't mind paying a reasonable amount. I do mind being locked in to whatever a monopoly dictates, in terms of cost but also in terms of rights. And I mind paying over and over and over for the same thing, as the platform changes. And when "big media" so controls the content, what's to prevent the effective revision of history? What torture pictures? What treaty details? (What "Catcher In the Rye"?) I guess some of us will have to resort to taking pictures of our iPads, just to document what was said. Let's just hope we're still able to do that. (Finally, a personal grudge: I can tolerate advertisements, but ones involving motion and/or sound COMPLETELY distract me. Will the content become unusable for people like me, because the delivery channel forces an overwhelming level of distraction?) Also, not everyone is the same. I welcome collaboration, but when I'm working on my own, I need the isolation. I don't spend all my time in isolation. But I need to be able to shut the door and make the rest of the world go away. After a while, I'll open it and come back out. The worst is tuning out crap taking place 3 - 5 feet away from me, in which I have no part. All the more so when it is fellow employees socializing, while I'm trying to get stuff done and maybe waiting on work from them, as well. And I agree, when the background noise becomes a din with little in the way of distinguishable, coherent threads, that's a lot better for me than a conversation or two, each of which is largely or completely intelligible (if not always intelligent). Perhaps: "Try often, but try thoroughly." I seem to recall that some routers/hubs support schedules. In the personal equipment arena, maybe something that can be flashed with a version of WRT or with Tomato? E.g. (although it appears to be only controlling the wireless radio as opposed to overall connectivity): Precise Radio Scheduling with DD WRT http://markspizz.net/?p=389 Then again, if you have other data (entertainment, Netfix, etc) flowing through the same equipment, this approach may not suit or may need refinement. Mmm... It's more like "take forever off". You can efficienc-ize yourself right out of a position. My concern is if/when they come to dominate content distribution and become the only channel (or a member of an oligopoly of channels, all using "fair use" adverse licenses and DRM). At which point I'm effectively forced to lease rather than own my content, under whatever terms they dictate. If you agree to use Adobe DRM software: Further Notes: Downloading Your eBook Here's an overview of the download process: A. The big brown button first checks to see if your machine has Digital Editions already. If not, it will ask you if you want to install it. If you have an older version, it will ask if it can update your version. B. The first time Digital Editions is opened, it will ask you to "Authorize" your computer. It wants you to associate your machine with an Adobe ID. If you don't have an Adobe ID, you can choose the small "get an Adobe ID online" link to set one up. (It's free.) Some people already have Adobe IDs, from using Photoshop or other Adobe products. Here's why to authorize: If you authorize your computer with an Adobe ID, you will be able to open the same book file on up to five other computers or devices authorized to the same Adobe ID. If you choose "Don't Authorize," your book file will only be able to live on the first machine it opens on; it can't be moved elsewhere. C. The last step is book delivery--there's a very small file, called URLLink.acsm, that needs to be downloaded to your computer. When it opens in Digital Editions, it will launch your electronic book. Actually, in paying attention to the certificate chain active in my Gmail sessions, I've noticed that, since last fall, early winter, they may be moving in this direction. This is part of my set of gripes, that the chain is buried. Put it up front. Even "clueless" users will be somewhat likely to notice when it changes, especially if the popular media nudge them in this direction. Mathematics aside, the basic concepts are not that difficult. (E.g. chain of trust) Let the users know what's behind the padlock icon; they'll pick it up. (Oh, and stop making https calls from http pages that ask for security information. The paradigm of "look for https in the address bar" and "the closed padlock icon" was a good start. Then everyone went and started breaking it.) There are "chording keyboards". Searching on that may turn up some items of interest. Not cheap, though, which is why I never got around to paying to try one. Having spent a lot of time and effort working to inject and enforce robustness in projects, I appreciate the sentiment. The list at the top did, however, remind me of this bit of humor: http://www.klingon.org/resources/klingon_code.html Non-ionizing radiation does nonetheless affect molecular bonds. It adds energy to them, placing them in more energetic states of vibration, mechanical energy. This is turn influences the chemical reactions they undergo. It could be a catalyst for adverse chemical reactions that lead to pathologies. (Perhaps in combination with other "man-made" agents; does it perhaps help the odd chlorinated, fluourinate, bromated, or other carcinogen "get a grip" on a a strand of DNA?) Specific effects depend upon the bonds and the RF frequencies. And affects accumulate in a statistically described fashion; it may take years to for a member of a population to accumulate a significant probability of experiencing an adverse affect. I haven't had a chemistry class in years (aka I'm no expert). But what I did learn was enough that I don't rule out the possibility of effects induced by non-ionizing radiation. "Non-ionizing" <> no effect whatsoever. Why don't they exercise more competence with the powers they currently have, before asking for more? (For example, investigate and arrest a some of the crooks whose suspect activities derailed the U.S. economy.) I'm sorry if this comment seems off topic, but I feel it's in line with some overarching observations. Law enforcement is hardly currently powerless. Where they fail is not in legal powers, but in execution and focus. The latter particularly suffers, further, when career timeframe work is continually jerked around and undermined by partisan politics. I completed the second year of high school German by spending a few summer days at the local library. The teacher lent me a second year book for the summer. I'd started my language requirement late, in my junior year, and wanted to make up time and get to a more interesting class. I'm pretty sure it was not much more than 10 partial days' effort, and maybe less. This was without a German speaker to practice with, other than a pen pal. (Well, Dad still remembered some from his school days and travels, but he didn't use it much and I did this on my own.) However, I had just gone on a school trip to Germany early that summer. Just nine days -- not long enough to really pick much up German -- especially amidst a herd of English speaking contemporaries. But it was a great trip and so very motivating. (I've remained friends with the tour guide to this day.) I agree with the idea. If you don't mind my asking, how did it compare, cost-wise? I've seen comparisons of "one third less", but I've never actually shopped the market. (And no, I'm not a cheap b######. My support is based on the lack of exploitation. But I wonder how pricing in the market for "natural" stones affects pricing in the synthetic market, if at all.) Well, I dodged this by never setting up a public Google profile. And now I most certainly NEVER WILL. Did you guys learn nothing from the recent Facebook fiasco? I guess I'm going have to just declare myself done with the whole social web meme and sites that embrace it. Maybe local clients as well as self-publishing -- Opera Unite, if nothing else -- really are the better way to go. Google (and I know a number of HN'er's are Googlers), I am very disappointed in the lack of thoughtfulness and consideration that this change reflects. Such changes should ALWAYS be OPT IN, not opt out. P.S. Sufficient stupidity approaches (and also often begets) evil. (Not that I'm the brightest bulb on the string; nonetheless, I'm saying.) There is this dumb-ass meme in the world, that you have to suffer to be happy. Yes, it's good to be able to find happiness beyond suffering. But to seek or embrace suffering, as if that were the goal... To "sacrifice" and "do without". The happiest people I know spend significant time and energy seeking and doing things that make them happy. Maybe not always easy things, but inspiring and joyous. I don't think they view what they skip or discard as "sacrifice". If and when the word is used, it's with a small "s", not "Sacrifice". It's more like the person who gives up TV, and some months later comments that they "don't miss it at all". Or the parent who takes great pride and pleasure in their children's accomplishments. If you have to fight yourself to do something, you're in a losing battle. It's not a matter of "sacrifice". It's a matter of learning what truly matters to you, and what doesn't. Two words: Opt in. Opt in to participating. Especially opt in to making previously private data public. Opt in is the acceptable choice to pose to users. NOT opt out. Bah. Upon signing in to Gmail, I was directed to some sort of Buzz landing page / prompt. I deliberately chose 'no / continue what I was doing'. (I wasn't aware of any problem, so I didn't make a point of memorizing the presentation.) Upon proceeding in to Gmail, I found that I was participating in Buzz, with IIRC 14 follows. My more general reaction to this situation, including a similar, serious security implication for a close family member, I'll comment on elsewhere in this thread. Briefly: You fucked up bigtime, Google. The people truly responsible for this need to be terminated. Amen. A close family member has spent the past decade going to sometimes extreme measures to avoid an abusive ex-spouse. Google has potentially pre-emptively revealed their contact information; and not through their own choices and/or lack of action (on zero notice, spending perhaps hours wandering through a plenitude of scattered and poorly documented Buzz settings and behaviors -- please!). No: Any email contact who uses Gmail is now a potential point of exposure for them. ABSOLUTELY UNACCEPTABLE. Stupidity can aid and abet evil, Google. If you are not purposefully evil, you are aiding and abetting it. My trust is gone. It's not coming back. If you want any measure of damage control, you will determine who was actually responsible for this. And everyone in a position of responsibility for this product who did not understand or chose not to heed these concerns. And you will terminate them. Anything less, and we can do no more than expect similar bad decisions -- from those same people -- in the future. If all aspects of participation were opt in -- as they should be -- the problem could have been avoided. (It would help if the implications of participation were laid out up front, clearly, as well.) And "opt in" is hardly a new concept. This was totally preventable, through a well-worn paradigm of customer engagement. Google has no excuse for this. They were greedy, and they screwed their customers, big time. "haven't dared" Very well put. I'm afraid to walk through the sign up process because of all the exposure it apparently turns on. E.g. creating a public Google profile. I don't WANT a public profile, and I don't want to spend a bunch time hunting down and turning off all the things that the Buzz flow apparently turns on -- and worrying about what I've missed. E.g. it hooks into my Reader account? Picasa? Good grief! I tend to remain respectful of HN and to try to keep my discourse constructive as well as emotionally balanced, but I really can find no other suitably expressive comment upon this than, "Fuck you, Google." This situation is not simply a matter of inconvenience. It's a matter of users' safety including physical safety. As an example of some thoughts on the latter: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1119173 And it is not a terribly challenging intellectual exercise to realize some of the implications of the product rollout as configured and executed. Finally, having used and observed Google products for some time now, I perceive it to be yet another in an increasing cascade of decisions and behaviors that have short-shifted legitimate and often apparent security considerations. Yes, that is my opinion. So is my parent comment. Take from it what you will. First, in my further opinion, there are "mistakes" that are simply too significant to just forgive and learn from. They demonstrate an inability of the parties responsible to carry out their duties and responsibilities. I see Buzz as such a case. Second, Google as an institution has let various aspects that are exposed by these situations -- from effective design and execution, particularly with respect to some aspects of security, to effective customer relations -- slide for too long. If they are going to improve, it's become apparent that as an institution they are going to have to take some dramatic action. Something that communicates to their employees that the status quo will no longer do. It's my opinion. And maybe I'm overly pissed off at the moment. But this Buzz rollout is particularly boneheaded, and Google is better off without the employees who had responsibility for preventing such a fiasco. Google held many customers by making enough of a show about being concerned for their privacy. It's what kept me using their search results, despite the increasing tracking they've been implementing. They are at risk of losing this perception now in the public and upon the part of their customer base. When your customers don't trust you, your other efforts at engagement run a distant second. Do you have any impressions or, perhaps better, specific experiences with their approach to / respect for security and privacy? (Or, does anyone who happens to read this?) I haven't read the article, yet, but in response to your comment, I am reminded of how, often, people are encouraged to be and rewarded for being "certain". AKA "assertive". Frequently, when I qualify the knowledge I'm sharing with comments about my level of certainty in it and/or its sources, I'm criticized for being some combination of "too verbose", "uncertain", "confusing" (even though, when people actually pay attention to me, they usually say afterward that they have a much better understanding than they did before), etc. The world is complex, sometimes. But there's a lot of pressure to ignore that complexity. And then people wonder why things go to hell in a hand basket. And EVEN THEN, all too often they don't really want to know. They just want to know who to blame, and what pre-packaged "solution" to implement. Also, someone started a thread here to discuss alternatives. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1121269 Linked in the RWW article http://theharmonyguy.com/2010/02/12/using-google-buzz-can-ex... In my testing thus far, it matters little whether you’ve Picasa before – if you have a Gmail account, Picasa is also enabled on your account. And while individual Picasa albums have privacy controls, I have not found a way to block simply loading your Picasa home page. Over the years, I've experienced that Google's products/services are full of such security and privacy lapses. They have at times taken some serious and appreciated steps to promote security and privacy. But they do not appear to have a coherent and comprehensive policy or strategy for addressing such topics as a part of ongoing development and operations. Stuff goes into production (I don't care whether you call it beta) that has not been adequately vetted. Rapid development and iteration have some nice benefits, but they are NOT excuses for oversights in security and privacy. There are times when someone else is making e.g. the design decisions, the schedule decisions, etc. Let's take schedule: They want to know when I'll be done with something. But I have 5, 8, however many dependencies, half of whom are not responding to my queries for information and several of whom are outside of my team and immediate reporting structure. What do I need? Responses so that I can determine my own schedule. What do I get? "Just tell me when you'll be done." Well, Mr/Ms project manager, what do you really need to be doing? Getting answers from the dependencies who are refusing to answer me. But that's difficult and frustrating and time consuming. So you just lean on me, because I'm on your team and at hand. More frustrating than schedules are specifications. I'll do some QA work. In order to have some idea of the effort, I need to know the specifications. But those are still in (major) flux (despite being 2/3 of the way through the budgeted schedule). I attempt to explain this. I start describing detail because the person I'm talking to has no idea of the scope of impact this lack of definition creates, or perhaps even that there is still a lack of definition and what that is. But they just want a date, and/or a number of hours. I'm delving into detail because they haven't done their job. But they don't want to understand the impact of their lapse. They just want "the solution". Not that I don't make mistakes, myself, and sometimes fail to deliver. But I try not to blow people off because they are finding what they are tackling to be complex. I guess my comment has ended up being very work focused. Similar things happen in personal life. I started to describe an example, but I think I've written enough. I didnt' see these mentioned: Ditto Clipboard Manager http://ditto-cp.sourceforge.net/ Winsplit Revolution http://www.winsplit-revolution.com/ And ToDoList is the best lightweight, local list/project manager I've come across. I've read that it runs fine under Wine, and it writes to a usable XML format. http://www.codeproject.com/KB/applications/todolist2.aspx My father's become hooked and has tried to "sell" me on it, a few times. I think some of the description here of season 1 echoes some of my concerns and a principal hesitation against following the show, myself. Without even having seen much of it, based on the overall treatment of "geeks" in commercial media, I assumed I would most likely be quickly put off. Also, I didn't really want to get hooked on another TV show. Thoughts of (intellectual and social) "empty calories." But maybe this is worth a go. Although one other comment here http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1124594 gives me concern that the show may be trending down -- something that seems to happen to many good shows by season 2 or 3. (In some specific cases I'm familiar with, this seems to correspond with studio and network executives involving themselves in the creative aspects in attempts to increase marketshare and optimize demographics, and/or with initial principals and writers moving on.) We don't need "miracles". We simply need steady investment and development. If you are going to depend upon the private sector for this, then you need a marketplace that has some predictability and consistency, so that investors can make some reasonable predictions (reasonable, not guaranteed) about risk and return. I make the argument in such circumstances that THIS is what effective regulation is about, as much if not more than "fairness" for its own sake and adhering to existing laws. It creates enough stability and security for private investment to function. As some economists have noted, regulation is most effective not in micromanagement but in drawing the boundaries of the "box" within which private investors are free to compete -- on a "level playing field" -- to the best of their ability. One reason that countries with greater energy taxes and/or subsidies are surpassing us in developing renewable energy technologies and marketplaces. The companies operating in those environments have enough predictability to build a working business model. The U.S. has continued to benefit from a legacy of unparalleled innovation. How much longer will that continue in the U.S. without the economic support of a broader marketplace both to fund it and to drive the educational development of future generations? (Pure research rests on top of a lot of supporting social and economic infrastructure. The former is not sustainable without the latter.) This is actually a usefully brief summary statement to pass on to contacts less familiar with the topic of entrepreneurship and its demographics. Enough to raise a question or two in their minds. Links to this article, which says that VBA (Visual Basic for Applications -- the scripting language used within Office) support is returning. I was just commenting on its absence the other day, in helping a friend with their transition to Mac. http://www.pcworld.com/businesscenter/article/189123/microso... Earlier post on the "Big Bang Theory" show that is the topic of this blog. The blog was linked in the posted Wired article. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1124202 Not regarding finding a full time job, but important: Investigate your health care insurance options, if you are in a governance that does not provide or guarantee coverage (e.g. U.S.). You may be able to continue on your parents' policy for some period of time. If not and you find you have to purchase a policy for yourself (and can afford to), it's better to purchase a policy while you are still covered (with a start date a day or two before your current coverage lapses). If nothing else, there are (or used to be) high deductible and/or temporary policies that at relatively low cost can provide some coverage against catastrophic events. I don't know whether schools and career centers cover this topic much, but they should. P.S. As I've commented before, it's not just about you. It's also a matter of protecting loved ones, who may feel compelled to spend their assets caring for you if something unfortunate and expensive happens to you. In that sense, even if you don't have money to pay the deductible amount yourself, a high deductible policy can make sense in that your family may be able to help you financially to that extent, while the insurance protects against the really big bills (and also, as others have noted here, negotiates lower charges for services so that you don't pay the ironic/perverse "highest possible costs" that the uninsured often face due to lack of negotiating power). Thank you! Just the other week, I lost a personal archive that included interesting HN posts, particularly many from the early HN days having, in my perspective, a particularly high signal to noise ratio. I've been debating whether to post/ask whether anyone has a means of re-finding / replacing some of these. It looks like your site may provide a start. I don't have a start up (yet...), but my mother, who is in her late 60's, is several years into a medical practices "start up" has really started to take off. (While remaining intentionally vague, I'll add that, no, she's not a doctor.) She and her partners have been taking on a lot of new (for them) business practices and demands -- online presence, politics, real estate purchase, etc. I've found her running problems and ideas by me, more and more. It seems that all the time I've spent particularly here as well as some other places on line -- and in the world of work outside of the medical field -- has provided me some perspective and ideas that work well for her. She takes them and considers them for herself, of course, but they give her options to consider. So, even if you aren't currently in a start up, this place may be having more of an effect than you realize. Thanks, HN! :-) P.S. And you never know when that opportunity may arise. Actually, one of her "regular job" environments was changing due to funding and politics, and she was lamenting this and speculating about starting up a private practice partnership in a year or two. I was the one who suggested, strongly, "do it now", before the top notch people being affected found other options and became too tied down consider her idea. That same lunch, we walked by a medical practices building having sign advertising space to let. Three months or so later, it was theirs. Blogspam. Original is here: http://www.techsupportalert.com/content/top-freeware-picks-c... I don't find that web site design as clear as it could be. The page you linked didn't make it at all clear what this "green email" meant. Clicking on the banner to reach the site's home/front page, I had to scan to the last sentence of the second paragraph to get some clue of what this "greening" effort was about/entailed: On your behalf, we pump green energy into the grid to power your website and hence the Internet. Which is still not very specific. Anyway, this reminds me of a favorite signature used by a Pac Bell employeee years ago. More or less (I remember the wording being a bit catchier): This email made with recycled electrons. Maybe it was: This email made with 100% recycled electrons. Of course, this was when paper use was the big concern, and the Internet was not yet consuming -- or perceived to be consuming -- multiple percentage points of total (U.S.) energy production). Real time, FULL, non-PITA offsite backup from the home office. (Some of my artistic endeavors can generate a lot of data quickly. Upstream is slow, and I could exceed my bandwidth cap in the course of a month.) Lenders have begun mining Facebook and similar graphs, and turning down credit for people whose graph ("friends") includes people who are deemed risky. So, companies are or may soon be dictating who are our friends. If we transgress against their judgment, we are punished in real and financial terms. Examine this from the other side of those relationships, and you have corporate driven ostracism of members of society who are not deemed "worthy". And Facebook now provides no means of opting out of participating in this graphing. Whenever a "friend" uses an Facebook application, that application has access not only to their list of friends but to yours. Recently, Facebook took information that was shared by users under an agreement and setting that kept it private (e.g. profile pictures), and forced it, pre-emptively, to be public. Except for the weasel words that were surely already in their user agreement, they broke if not their legal contract then certainly their social contract with their users. What is reasonable? Will we all have to acquire legal degrees and spend hours each day analyzing endless online and offline contracts, just to participate in society? Googling, I find this one claims they are not using friends credit scores, but are using other aspects of your social graph and content: http://www.wtopnews.com/?nid=111&sid=1869379 A different news item, upon which I based my comment, said IIRC that they were using friends credit worthiness as a metric. Call my cynical, but I find it hard to believe they won't, sooner or later and as such data aggregates throughout commercial databases and so beyond the requirement to request reporting from (in the U.S.) the "big three" credit reporting agencies. I don't have that item at hand, but here are a couple of more that Google turned up (quick search and scan). The link above and the first below both seem to be based on the final, third link. http://www.internetevolution.com/author.asp?section_id=697&#... http://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-networkin... I was a bit distracted while the interview was playing, but what I gathered is that their efficiency in converting chemical energy (specifically, so far, natural gas and oxygen) to electricity -- perhaps, per a comment I saw elsewhere, when the resulting heat can also be used and so considered part of the equation -- is about twice that of utility generated and delivered electric power. I don't know whether my understanding is correct, but that's how I currently understand the comments regarding greater efficiency and cost savings. From the photo in that article, they appear to me to be similar to the effect I induce using a bookmarklet to blacken text and give the background a beige or light tan tint, when browsing. I've also taken to setting a similar background in e.g. my text editor. I find a lot of pure white background difficult to take on a screen that is not entirely reflective and passively lit. Other colors cause more or less difficulty, depending upon hue and intensity. The stroke width of the font I'm viewing also makes a difference; the coloration I describe generally makes thin strokes easier to take. Similar problems in Illinois, particularly with regard to SBC, now AT&T (SBC bought the hollowed shell of AT&T, many people believe largely for the name/brand identity). Oh, and, in response to another commentor on this thread with regard to lobbying influence, it's worth thinking for a few minutes about who in DC is from / has ties to Illinois. Telecom has a lot of clout in Illinois; the SBC, now AT&T, corporate headquarters is located in the Chicago suburbs. Be sure to include a more reasonable approach to usage (volume) caps. As it is, many providers imposing caps in the U.S. provide little or no flexibility with regard to those caps. You can't purchase additional volume, or you can do so only at exorbitant rates, where a small additional volume can cost you as much or much more than your initial monthly service fee. Bad enough for solely home use, but imagine having your work-at-home connection held hostage by such a cap / rate structure, particularly if you combine work and home use on a single subscription (something that, aside from otherwise being more economical, is perhaps even necessary, if your area is serviced by only one provider and/or physical delivery medium). (And its all the scarier if you have kids who might max out your allocation before you know it.) I somewhat disagree. While this has been going around an awful lot, lately, I would not call it zero content. It doesn't have much text, but it makes its point quite succinctly. In terms of user experience, the user is penalized for taking the legal route. Describing this in text would likely be less effective (depending in part on one's writing skills) and take significantly longer to read and process. At the same time, there has been more and more "Reddit" ("Digg", etc.) content showing up lately on HN. For me, the quality of this item rises somewhat above that, and its brevity does not cost me much time. Also, some people here have simply given up on the other sites due to the low signal to noise ratio. When an item contributes enough to thought and conversation, its repetition here may be appropriate. To repeat myself, I find this graphic a cogent, concise comment on how the entrenched IP industry shoots itself (and its users) in the foot in terms of poor -- I might almost say sabotaged -- user experience. It might benefit from being cited in its original context (depending on the nature of that context) instead of as an isolated graphic or in some piece of blogspam (which the poster has avoided). Maybe the upcoming revision will tip the balance. ;-) Some years ago, some people at Stanford developed the "Safe History" Firefox extension as a means of limiting IIRC history/cache sniffing via CSS. As far as I know, the extension's currency has lapsed. The idea remains valid. Visualization and other summary tools remind me of my concerns vis à vis the recurring, seemingly endemic problems I've had over the years in working with same. Or rather, in others' working with same. Some years ago, I was in an accounting position. We hired a newly minted junior staff member. Requests would come in for certain figures, and he would turn to our admittedly half-baked reporting (inherited, and faulty due not so much to original design as to failure to spend to keep it and its data structures current). He'd generate a a number, graph, etc. out of the system and spend zero effort considering or investigating its validity. If it came out of the system (aka black box), it must be correct. When the number was used intra-department, I or someone else had an opportunity to double-check and to correct mistaken assumptions. When the number was requested externally, mis-perceptions could quickly propagate, and their correction became troublesome. I have similar concerns with the data behind current visualization trends. How many people know what is truly going into them, and how much in the way of resources is being invested to ensure that the underlying data are correct? Something I find particularly troublesome with the Obama administration's initially supplying only "summary information" in some if not all of its "open access" initiatives. If I have only the summary, and based upon my past experience, I have limited trust in what I'm being supplied. Another example of this seemingly endemic "failure to verify", from a different domain. I've done some QA work in the software field, and all too often fellow QA'a have taken specifications as facts. They don't investigate whether the specifications reflect what was actually developed. Testing becomes a matter of confirming the most basic details, while ignoring real confirmation of underlying functionality much less seeking out and interrogating corner cases. These testers have been people with four year college degrees and who have seemingly made QA their career. Nonetheless, the assumption is that what they are told is, prima facie, truth. I've mentioned before: Microwave a sweet potato. If you don't have a turntable microwave, flip and rotate it once, approximately halfway through the cooking cycle. They sometimes initially cook unevenly; the trick is to let it sit for some minutes after the microwave turns off, so that the latent heat can distribute and finish the cooking process. Top with (brown) sugar and cinnamon, a bit of maple syrup, or perhaps something savory (I haven't tried the latter; I'd be interested in suggestions). 10 - 12 minutes to a nutritious meal or snack. Sweet potatoes keep showing up on lists of "super foods"; they are apparently quite nutritious (much more so than white potatoes). P.S. Rinse/wash the sweet potato, first, and BE SURE to use a knife to poke some deep slits into it. Unless you enjoy minor explosions and cleaning the inside of your microwave. ToDoList is open source. Unfortunately, it is Windows based. On the other hand, I've heard it runs fine under Wine. The developer, Dan, is a good guy. http://www.codeproject.com/KB/applications/todolist2.aspx Intelligence, honesty, curiosity, humanity, and getting things done. :-) It's a matter of debunking and dismissing, publicly, the misinformation that obscures this fact. I'd be interested in analyses of the sources and purposes of this misinformation. (As a man,) the first time I met a women who was very direct and frank about her experience of attraction and motivation, it was eye opening. Not entirely easy to take, but very elucidating. So much of the "common", "public" information in (U.S.) society about attraction and mating is just plain bunk. Yet it persists. If you know of noise canceling headphones that are effective against the irregular waveforms of human speech, I'd be most interested. Thank you. I recently spent $80 on another brand that uses foam tips. It had the highest rating I could find amongst the choices at a specialty shop, at IIRC 31 dB attenuation. I haven't been in a suitable work environment since then, to try them out. I'll probably give those a go, first, but if they do not suffice, these look worth trying, and at about $120 are within my price range (as opposed th the $300 plus that I've seen for some other items). As you say, though, these work via passive blocking and not active cancellation. Some time ago, I came across an explanation by an audio engineer claiming that cancellation will never work fully with headphones. Even if the processing is fast enough, he argued, the distances involved between the speaker and eardrum just won't permit it. Perhaps this was in combination with the inertia and therefore delay in the speaker elements; I no longer recall fully. When people state "wear canceling headphones", I've never yet seen the statement backed up with a real / real world use case. EDIT: I guess/imagine it might be more a matter of the location of the microphone that drives the noise cancellation, than that of the speakers. Although I do seem to recall also something about the limitations imposed by pressure waves operating in such a small, confined space. Thanks, I appreciate the second. With so many products and opinions out there, it nice to have some concurrence in an endorsement. I know I'm not the only one facing this problem of environmental noise as distraction, although I may be towards the extreme end. If and when I find a solution like this that really works for me, it will be for me one of if not the most effective workspace "hacks" in my toolkit. 404 However, strong multi-taskers also tend to draw many people into their activities. When (resulting) failure calls for accountability, "everyone" was involved and the (perceived) blame quotient is not high enough for any individual to effect real change. An anecdotal observation, but a general experience of mine in corporate life. Sometimes, it's actually the "hero" who tackles a problem single-handedly, who fare worst. Because blame can easily be apportioned to him or her in great measure, whether deserved or not. Isolation is often the kiss of death in such environments. [/cynicism]