Best book hands down for learning JS is called Simply Javascript from Sitepoint written by Kevin Yank and Cameron Adams. Justin.tv is alllll python. Not Ruby. Python baby. lynx, top, "curl -O " on my mac since it doesn't come with wget (who's dumb idea was that?) Thanks everyone for all of your info. Let me explain our situation and it might help some of you guys understand where I am coming from and where I am trying to go, as well as others out there in the same situation. Right now we're developing, as I mentioned above, in Django and use SVN for everything. We have DB's locally. From the get go we knew that there would be two major versions of our website. "Phase1" was fairly simple, the initial creation of the site and initial deploy into production. "Phase2" Was the next giant step, which was essentially (and we learned this as we went) going to be an entire redesign from the ground up. We pretty much touched every file, redesigned over half of our models, etc... So, we created a branch called phase2-development and continued working. This was a pain in the ass because we still had to run and maintain the older "phase1" code locally for bug fixes, etc.. as well as continue our future development of the "Phase2" code. We also ran into problems later on because we were fixing bugs in the trunk "Phase1" and not merging those as we went into our phase2-development branch. So at one point we spent an entire weekend merging code. We just launched our "Phase2" stuff a month or so ago, however, it wasn't all of the functionality we wanted in phase2 so we refer to it as phase1.5. Our head guy (more marketing/business xp. than tech came up with those names, so for all of us you can think of it as s/phase/version/g) So now we're about to dive fullspeed into actually completing phase2, and but we still need to be able to maintain and fix bugs on the production site. What should we do? I would rather not run two copies of the site but since the new development we're going to be doing is going to be even crazier than going from v1 to v1.5 so not sure if that's even possible. Should we just create anther branch and develop on that? I'm not even sure the correct questions to be asking here, maybe you guys can help me from what I've described :) Yeah, Capistrano is language exclusive, you can use it for anything. I have looked into it but never found it that exciting. I guess I need to revisit Capistrano :) Garrr. Yes, that's the word I was looking for. Thanks :) I vote HSBC as well :) I'm 18 and have worked for three startups in the past and am currently the lead designer on two. I really don't mean to brag by this, it just leads to my next point. Also, this doesn't fully pertain to programming per say because I am a front end designer, but hopefully this comment helps :) When I was younger, 14 or so, I really became fascinated with server technology, databases, the web, etc... I was just starting High School so I essentially had all the time in the world to dick around with linux and php and all of that jazz, and I did. I was REALLY frustrated until maybe 6 months ago with programming in general. I would try tutorials, and could follow along and do what was written, but it never made sense in my head. I pretty much dismissed the concept of being a programmer and stuck to what I feel is my talent, front end design. I build blogs atop Wordpress, dabbled with PHP, but never really became a programmer. In the summer of 2006 I joined my first startup and began working with a team of really, really talented and smart guys on a Django site. This is where I was first introduced to a real smart environment. I was in a place where I knew just enough to ask good questions to help me learn. It's now 2008 and although I am STILL not a programmer, haha, I feel I have a really good grasp on database modeling, basic functional programming, etc... I know PHP fairly well and am becoming familiar with Python because every major site I have built since that first startup in 06 has been Django :) Anyways, moral of the story is, a few years ago I could have never even dreamed of being where I am today. In the world of front end design and back end programming. I went from looking up to designers like Bryan Veloso, Steve Smith, Dan Cederholm, to actually feeling like I can sit at their lunch table and talk the talk with them. I still admire those guys of course, but now I feel like I am closer to them. So, my advice is to just dive into anything you can, just like you have. It really doesn't matter what language you learn first. Focus on learning the thought processes behind building something. You can write a book in spanish or english, the meaning will be the same. So focus on problem solving, finding solutions. Also, surround yourself with smart people. Stay passionate. If you're passionate about becoming a programmer, you will, and you'll do it the right way. The best way to learn something, hands down, is to just do it. Don't try learning PHP through tutorials on how to make a shopping list, start learning PHP by building the webapp you want to build :) This all kind of just spewed out of my mind, I hope it makes some sense :) Debian & Ubuntu for the win :) Nothin' beats apt-get! What's wrong with JSON? :) Idiots and Java developers made me lol. I kid, I kid. This is the best method right here, hands down. That's exactly the sort of thing I've been looking for. Thanks for the link man, appreciate it. Good question. I'm just a front end guy, so I am not exactly sure what we can and cannot do, or if we actually can do a lot of this stuff in both, etc.... But the developers tell me that Leopard offers a lot of animations and stuff (CoreSomethingSomething? haha) that Tiger does not do. Hahahah. Amazing. +1 for NO to Dreamhost. Hands down the worst web host out there. Go for a cheap VPS like Slicehost and roll your own. You have control over everything, and they have rock solid uptime. The startup I work for :) http://schoolrack.com We're extremely (this week) close to launching student and parent account types, so students and parents will be able to easily collaborate with teachers via the already existing features we've got, plus we're going to add a gradebook, discussion board, and quite a few other features. Paypal does this very easily online. Camino has to be one of the worst browsers I have ever used. I don't know what they are up to. In my mind, Camino should simply be Firefox with Webkit replacing the gecko engine... but it's not even on par with Firefox. One thing I hate about Mac in general is their hate for navigating solely with the keyboard. A lot of third-party apps do a good job letting you navigate using your kb only (such as cmd+1, cmd+2... to hit tabs in FF) but the last time I used Camino they were seriously lacking in that department. Clicking links with the mousewheel is also very important to me (to open in a new tab). I can attest to Paul's claims that this is a valid problem. Yes, a lot of bloggers do write whatever they feel and it just comes out real easy, but a lot of bloggers (such as myself) would love to have some sort of resource to find out what readers want to hear. Skribit is a great idea. I think it's still very young and has a lot of room to grow, but it's a terrific start and the first of its kind. Michael Whalen - http://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=whalesalad jokes. Eeeeeez. Meat space just sounds sooo wrong. Wow yes. We're never going to launch. ever. If there is one game I can play for hours on end, it was Diablo II. Cannot WAIT for this!!!! brianloveswords: Coda has to be the worst editor on the planet. It deserves no mention here. Seriously, it's the worst thing Panic has ever done. Ever. Sure it's pretty... but that's it. I'm seriously flabbergasted that people prefer Coda to Textmate. Re: Textmate vs. Emacs: It's like comparing Apples and Oranges. An orange juice producer will farm oranges, and an apple juice producer willf farm apples. To the man using Textmate on OS X, you probably code Javascript an CSS, and might dabble in Rails or vice versa. The guy using Emacs might be doing this as well, but there is a good chance he's a hardcore AI Lisp hacker. I am a web designer. I write CSS, XHTML, and JS. I deal with Django templates all day long, a web browser, and the remaining time is in the terminal. I'm more terminal oriented than most/all designers I know, but for the most part I am playing around in a GUI wonderland. I use Textmate. Textmate really truly is a powerful editor, I will not disagree. Textmate is hands down the best editor I have ever used, for all of the reasons you have suggested. But I won't deny that Emacs is probably also one of the best editors in the world. My CTO/Partner/best friend uses Emacs. He's a python hacker. He writes python all day long. He's got a Thinkpad running Ubuntu and quite a few terminal windows. He's doing a totally different kind of work, interfacing with the back-end mostly while I deal with the front end. He swears by Emacs. I tend to think of Emacs more like an OS actually... you can play games in it, browse the web, use your term, check your mail, and edit all kinds of crap. It's extremely powerful. The sumo package contains a TON of extra stuff. Anyway, no one can really say X editor is better than Y editor. Similar to the way a programmer will ultimately take on a certain language as his own, the same thing occurs with an editor. At some point learning or playing with a new editor is like learning a whole new language. Might as well get dropped smack dab in the middle of Spain, or throw out all of your Python/Ruby/insert-lang-here for Objective-C. It's the same kind of pain. But I do agree that bloatware crap like Xcode and Eclipse are simply... crap. Anyway hope some of that made sense. I might have gone off track a bit :/ For the record I am a huge fan of Textmate and use it religuiously. export EDITOR="mate -w" :) Everything else is vim though, haha, sorry Emacs lovers. So the big question everyone is asking is, now that this new release doesn't include Installer.app, what is the point? Would I still be able to SSH to my iPhone and run a tunnel to use it in a tether like fashion with my laptop? Horrible website. I'm seriously totally underwhelmed by their website, which seems half-assed and incomplete. The app looks alright, but Screenflow (which they interestingly used to record their screencast of their app) does the same thing. We've recorded dozens of usability tests using it, and it's been great. Silverback does, however, record mouseclicks and the various keystrokes though which is a nice thing to have. I like the interaction with the remote as well by the moderator. Yes, the site does its job and works fine, but this came out of clearleft. These guys used to be allstars a few years ago, so although the site is decent, it doesn't live up to what I or other designers might expect to see from Clearleft. It's nothing at all spectacular at all, and it even comes from themselves. Not like this is some client project, it's as though they didn't care at all. I still don't see the usefulness of :(tipjoy, let alone Twitter integration. Seems news.yc is getting more and more dupes these days, such as this one. Great article nonetheless, but it has been shared before :) There's a startup idea... give me concentrated data collected from various places on the internet (Reddit, YC, Digg, Del.icio.us, etc...) on a given topic. That's really what I want to see when I search for things like nginx, mod_wsgi, git, etc... My little brain tells me this doesn't exist yet... but surely correct me if I am wrong :) For the record I am talking about the entire interweb (as we know it through popular "social" websites like those aforementioned) not just entering the git tag into delicious. Ahh that explains it. I too agree it was an amazing app. The competition is pure crap. Elements of the interface aren't centered, padded, etc... just simple things like that were thrown out the window and the app is disgusting to look at and use. But now I know why :) The screenshots of this app are horrible. It looks like whoever made it didn't use native iPhone GUI elements... the corners and edges of the toggle between SSH // Telnet // Raw TCP look like total crap. The text for the nickname, port, etc... seems to be squeezed a bit and it appears blurred (unless of course this is due to a photoshop edit later on). And for $5... come on! PuTTY is free and open source, why isn't this too! I upgraded to 2.0.1 and lost all my jailbroken functionality in exchange for stable and bug-free core features. I'm definitely going that route again once they catch up and release their latest Pwnage tool. Pricey but I bought one. Mom's birthday is right around the corner and I love supporting a small and new startup. I have nothing whatsoever against Paul Graham, I really don't know too much about him and aren't one of the many on here who paste all of his articles onto the cube walls surrounding their toilet, and have read them dozens of times, etc.... blah blah. However... I do think that a lot of you are shutting Ted down simply because he said shit about PG. Ted is funny as hell, and pretty much everything he said in his "rant" is spot on. Personal note: I submitted this at +152 points here on news.yc, let's see how far it drops! Like Google after their earnings report? We'll see :) ^^ I don't understand why people say things like this. Clearly the interfaces that Apple has chosen for its products are succeeding. Succeeding in that they help Apple sell more things, and consequently succeeding because they are usable and people enjoy using them. Eventually these interfaces will become standard. I also dislike it when people whine about Vista looking like OS X, and all the mac people complain about XYZ looking like OS X. I can tell when someone is an Apple fanboy, and I can also tell (you sir) when someone doesn't like Apple at all and probably develops .NET apps in Visual Studio. Such radical users! Why can't we come together for the common good. If you don't like the interface, what might you recommend as an alternative? People are dumping Vista left and right for either XP or moving to OS X (as their reports will show, Apple is growing momentum! we all know it!) If you have an alternative then let's hear it but if all you are going to do is whine about it then it's not helping! Also, as a final note, Sproutcore isn't about the interface elements. You can change those with the swap of a PNG and a few lines of CSS. It's about the evolution of user interaction on the internet. Bringing the desktop-web void closer together. Seeing that capital "i" in the title hurts... I need eye bleach! Can we please, please start referring to the iPhone as it's actually called... _i_Phone, not Iphone or IPhone or I-Phone. Lowercase i, uppercase Phone. iPhone. I'm starting to think that News.YC does this automagically... someone help a brother out here. New design is heinous I think as a web professional I would want anything but this. I even tend to dislike using apt-get for every package on my server. Some things need a tender loving hand with careful consideration during configuration (I'm a poet and I didn't even know it). You can't really build a one-size-fits-all distribution for everyone. Sure you can get a basic LAMP stack setup, but 1) is that what you really want in a PHP situation and 2) not everyone is rolling a simple PHP website these days. If what you're trying to solve is the problem with "scalability" then a Distro isn't gonna help. A carefully constructed architecture and implementation is what will. I personally tend to shy away from a big cluster of apt-get installations in favor of installing certain things straight from source. You can bet that all of the huge sites out there are rolling their own too.. Facebook has their own version of Apache and so do companies like Yahoo. I think something like this might be good for simple in-house development and testing, but again, not everyone's needs are the same. I totally love server configuration, and oftentimes it gives me a real nice break from coding and designing. There is nothing more fun and satisfying than getting a new server up in just a few hours configured to the best of my abilities. Whateva hopefully these comments make sense. Been up all night and running on adderall and mcdonalds. Yeah, it's not the greatest technology but we're working real hard to improve it and have made great strides already. One of our biggest interface components is our tagger where you can get through your photos pretty quick adding and manipulating boxes on faces. Originally when we were talking about building it on other platforms, Qt was the main consideration. I really cannot see why this is useful at all. I don't understand the point, and the examples didn't make it clear to me either. I second this. CI is a great framework. It's by far the fastest PHP framework out right now, and has terrific documentation. If you're a PHP guy and know, as you said, that you can get this out fast and well in PHP then definitely don't try killing yourself to produce it in Python atop Django. However, if you're truly interested (and you've got the time! which you don't!) in Python then give it a go as Django is a marvelous framework. You'll probably also find that you prefer Python as a language as you become more familiar with it. Talk to the boys at 37Signals ;) Quite a bit of Basecamp is C++, not Rails. Debian and Ubuntu are both rock-solid, excellent choices for a server of any kind. I have all of the servers I work with running Ubuntu, with my own personal screw-off slice running Debian Etch. I have a great deal of experience with the older versions of Fedora (the consumer Redhat distro) and slight experience with CentOS. I'm fairly certain that majority of Linux webservers out there are running some Redhat variant. I personally prefer the Debian/Ubuntu approach and stick with that. Off the top of my head I know that all of the Mediatemple servers are running CentOS, and Digg runs Debian. I think like SwellJoe said, if you're thinking about FreeBSD for the sake of going with FreeBSD and not really knowing why, then you don't want to be choosing FreeBSD. The same goes for Gentoo. Gentoo is a great distribution, but it's not for the mainstream plug-n-play let's-build-a-webapp! type of person. Gentoo, although featuring a pretty nice 'emerge' package management system, is going to require more work from you in the beginning to get it to a desirable state. I guess there is no real answer to your question, Linux is fantastic in general as a web application server. Any distro with the base binary packages for a typical LAMP stack or even a (Rails|Django|Etc...)/Nginx configuration will treat you very nice until you reach the proverbial land of scalability. Once you see problems with your app, fix them. Don't worry too much about that right now. Also keep in mind that 99.99% of the time your application is going to be "distribution agnostic" so later on down the line if you decide you'd rather go with CentOS over Debian, or a BSD variant over Linux, you won't have any issue with that. I'd focus more on writing a solid application and getting a solid product out the door on any of the distributions that were mentioned by the wise hackers here on HN, learn what you like as you go. As you learn more about the way Linux works and you configure things to suit your needs, the various unique characteristics of each will become more clear, and your "distro of choice" will become more evident. Bottom Line : Go with CentOS or Ubuntu, and worry about these things as they become worries. Yeah I agree here. Putting that inside of your application and outside your web server config makes more sense to me. Especially using the reverse url matching, which is so amazingly wonderful ( especially when you give your url's unique names like user-account-settings and can simply do {% url user-account-settings %} and be done with it). Hat tip to obeattie.com for all my django template ramblings above ;) I think that the if you look at the cost vs the benefit this certainly leans on the side of being worth it. I don't think that this is entirely too complex, after all, this is Hacker News . It's a feature that I am sure many would enjoy, and a true hacker would rise to the occasion and try to implement it for all to play around with. Sadly I am a designer who merely dabbles with code, let alone something as high-level as Arc or Lisp. Also, and I mentioned this in my initial post but it might not be entirely clear, sometimes the stories I don't want to see aren't stories I plan on visiting. One technique would be just opening and quickly closing those links I don't have any desire to look at. The final reason I think that this could be useful, is that I tend to work across multiple machines, one or two at work and a laptop (which I am writing this on now) at home. It would help to flip those stories I have seen at work so that when I am at home, I can check out the fresh stories and not have to sift through stories I have already seen or have no interest in. Stepmoms' parents live just a few blocks from that blue evacuation zone on Brea Canyon drive. Crazyness. I wonder why he chose Mako as a template system as opposed to Jinja (django style). Looking at the Mako syntax.. it just doesn't make any sense. I'm running bleeding edge and project-wide search is fast as shit now.. been that way for quite some while actually. I do remember those pains, however. You can also look into a bundle called "search with awk" or something which uses awk instead and is much faster (cmd + shift + a, instead of cmd + shift + f). Heh. In terms of the marketing material and the data on the website, it reminds me an awful lot of the startup that I work for... iLovePhotos ( http://ilovephotos.com ). Very similar indeed. I'm with you here as well. It's essentially a glorified version of the missiles that we currently use to shoot enemy missiles out of the sky. This is where all of the government Military contractors are headed, autonomous packs of weapons that hunt together and act as one mind to destroy something. My dad worked at Lockheed for 20 years and has since moved on to Northrop where they have some pretty crazy pack-hunting autonomous helicopters that look pretty fearsome. That's the kind of stuff I might worry about, but something up in outer space shooting down an enemy rocket doesn't really concern me as potentially dangerous... at least not any more dangerous than shit the Military already has :) For someone so happy to "[not] have to go back to Windows anymore!!!^69" you're clearly a Mac user. I find it puzzling that you've got such distaste then, for "OSX-style UI for retarded Oklahoma children". If you're so clearly against windows and use OS X and all of the applications it has to offer, aren't you really just saying a bit about yourself here? That or this is purely hypocrisy. For having such hate for "OSX's idiotic idioms", I find it pretty surprising that you use the platform at all. At least you could have made your frustrations clear in a less vicious manner, and without making yourself look like such a tool. I have an iPhone so doing some of these things isn't has hard as it might be on a regular phone, but i've always loved intelligent services like this that let you take a simple thing like text messaging and turn it into a very powerful tool. Even with my iPhone, text messaging is a real fast way to send data. I'll be playing around with it :) My startup is located here in Honolulu and I see those commercials all of the time on TV. I always figured since Hawaii is always low man on the totem pole that sort of technology was already in practice around the rest of the country. Guess not! Pretty cool beans. ZumoDrive turned me off instantly with their horrible Mac offering. I like the idea, but Dropbox actually has a real nice client on Mac. You shouldn't have a problem with static file downloads, on Dreamhost or on S3. Obsurd. With an O. Hilarity. I got such a kick out of this. Adobe truly is crapping all over the place with their UI. I'm pretty sure it's still Carbon based on OS X. Why can't someone like Adobe with so many apps on Win and OS X spend some time to build a really strong -- or even adopt -- front-end framework. CS4 is utter crap, thankfully I didn't purchase it. CS3 was enough of a let down, and I paid quite a few hundred dollars for that. How many karma points does it take for the colored bar anyhoo? Just don't let him blog about it... my dumb ass did that and got expelled. Best thing that ever happened to me, looking back, but it caused a whole lot of turmoil. Am I the only one here who first read this as "Hacker News 2" and got all excited for a nanosecond imagining something like beta.news.yc.com with a new design and added features??? A friend of mine is reporting the same problem down here in Honolulu (on Clearwire wireless) but I'm on RoadRunner (also in Honolulu) and all of Google's services work just fine for me. So yeah... is this really necessary? Everyone and their brother uses Google/Gmail, the only thing you're doing here is letting everyone know you're were the first on the scene. But, you probably weren't, and the first guy on the scene didn't care. I couldn't agree more with these points, particularly the last line. It's pretty hard to find info about this online, especially since everydns.com isn't resolving either. Engine Yard made mention of it: http://engineyard.wordpress.com/2009/03/23/everydns-unavaila... Looks like they're back up. I don't understand why the concensus seems to be "Let's show digg users we mean business and give them a fuck off message" rather than let's see if they're coming from digg and simply redirect to my regular url. Or possibly, modify your page with a slim bar on the top saying Hi to digg users, minus the diggbar, still showing your content. Regarding SFTP, I use ExpanDrive ( http://www.expandrive.com/mac ) which works with Finder. They act as remote drives in the left pane which you can interact with just like an external drive. It's not free, but it's pretty cheap and really versatile. You can have drives auto mount on login, and it can be controlled from your terminal. Permalink just in case... http://www.betaversion.org/~stefano/linotype/news/169/ I hate IE6 just as much as the next guy, with an absolute passion. However the startup that I work for has a focus on teachers, and unfortunately quite a significant number of schools and teachers are stuck in the dark ages with IE6. 23% of our users are still using IE6, so I have to support it. I found this helpful in debugging our soon to launch redesign. I also rarely use my dock, and use Launchbar to get apps runnin. Here's a typical day for my dock: http://www.grabup.com/uploads/c712431bcfb2b9658fe44b5062ff60... LOVED this book! I wouldn't consider myself a reader, but I literally could not put it down once I started. All the flight stuff is farecast. This is one of the main reasons that I'm not using Git at work, there hasn't been a super solid way to get the Github functionality on an internal network where it's 100% secure. This is a REALLY smart move for the guys at Github. Yees, but these folks aren't early adopters. A lot of the people here don't even use (or approve of) key based SSH logins =/ Here's a direct link to the github page, which gives slightly more insight: http://github.com/madrobby/scripty2/tree/master "scripty2 is a complete rewrite and reimplementation of script.aculo.us, with are modular structure intended to ease the development of highly customized user interface effects and behaviours." An open source self-hosted implementation of this would be terrific :) I too would not trust this service, it seems pretty fly-by-night. That's the first thing that I realized while reading this... these aren't necessarily people that you don't want in your startup, but rather characteristics you and others on your team want to suppress within. I think everyone can agree that most people have a little bit of all these Mr so-and-so's in them. I think what you are describing is the intention of gnip - http://www.gnip.com/ Wow. I can't imagine anyone getting a tattoo of Hostgator on their neck. That's just insane. Your body is the only thing you truly own in this world. Not that this was difficult or anything, but here's a list of all of the links as links. Easier to investigate ;) http://dpaste.org/TqnU/ I stopped reading once they cropped the image and started manually getting rid of the shadows on the side of the header. This is a horribly inefficient way to create a website. I think this guy is gonna learn more from the responses to his article, then the readers are going to learn from him. My girlfriend hated it, so I quit. Only a smoker for 5 months or so... so it wasn't entirely too hard. I have to admit I miss it... It's definitely a social lubricant. It helps when working too, to take a break for a smoke. It's also nice to have a cig after a good meal. So, I guess I'm glad that I quit but I can certainly relate. And there's nothing I hate more than the whiney people that complain to smokers that they're ruining the earth. Sometimes people are far too quick to judge a person based on whether or not they have a smoking habit. Just launched our latest version of SchoolRack a few days ago. It connects teachers with their students and parents. Lets them upload files, create discussion boards, create homework assignments, etc... http://schoolrack.com The same thought was bouncing around my head while reading all of their new names. Yeah, the source code would be very good to see. Django, http://schoolrack.com We (the developers) are actually beginning to feel like it's one of the biggest Django sites on the interweb right now. Definitely not trying to toot my own horn here, but we're gaining users like mad and traffic is insane. Disclaimer: I figure the OP's question is more directed at HN members rather than YC startups, but for the record we're not a YC startup We get a lot less traffic during the summer months (school isn't in session) and towards the end of the year for the holidays... but we do get quite more traffic than our quantcast page suggests. It does look like I was totally full of my own shit though, we're clearly not that big when it comes to the other Django sites out there. Thanks for the heads up, just updated the servers. Honolulu, Hawaii I couldn't agree more. Sorry for lack of a more fruitful comment, but really, you said it perfectly. Yeah.. openid still feels really funny to me even as a developer. I guess I should read up more on how it actually works (behind the scenes). Yep, I feel the same way. I'm much more a fan of something like clickpass where I can bootstrap my signup with details already filled in. I am going to definitely give this a shot. As a side note... typically after a rough night of drinking I automatically wake up super super early in the morning... Like if my typical routine is sleeping at 4+am and getting up close to noon every day... after a rough drinking binge I'll be up bright and early at 8-9. That's clearly not the answer to my problems but there have been certain occasions where when I know that I need to be up early I'll drink a six pack before going to bed. This might not have anything to do with the alcohol, it might simply be because of the fact that I really need to take a piss when I get up. Or it's that combined with the fact that alcohol dehydrates you... so my body is waking itself up not out of hunger but out of thirst? Just something I thought I would point out... maybe someone else shares this feeling? Note: I too am writing this at 3:28 am, hah. Time for bed! I ate around... 10pm :| Note 2 of 2: Apparently others feel this sentiment as well, I should have done a better job scanning the replies before posting. We're using this with apache on schoolrack.com. A couple of application servers running mod_wsgi behind HAProxy and Nginx. Works like a dream. Our site is pretty snappy =) This is fairly common knowledge but if you use Apache with Keep-alive off and serve all your static content with something else (such as Nginx in our case), and only use Apache for dynamic requests it isn't such a dog. I'm not a computer scientist and haven't really bothered to get real solid statistics and reasons behind why mod_wsgi outperforms mod_python, but right off the bat you'll notice it uses significantly less memory. I'm also experimenting with straight up nginx -> fastcgi for a few other projects but am not using it in production for no reason other than Apache + mod_wsgi has proven itself to be reliable and fast as hell. Was spelling capital wrong part of the parody too? I definitely feel performance increases all over the place in 10.6. Particularly in Terminal.app... it's super snappy! Directory listings are instantaneous whereas before there seemed to be a slight little lag. Note: I am using zsh with my term declared as xterm. It used to be called FCKEditor, which is used on a lot of big sites such as pbworks.com (which was also formerly known as pbwiki) Can anyone elaborate on when one giant JS file (benefit here is of course reducing HTTP requests) becomes too large? Right now I am splitting up JS files in a fairly simple manner: a single site-wide file with common methods and utilities, and then a handful of smaller files for various aspects of the site. I think that they are each small enough to all be combined into one single one... but when is that single file too large? SchoolRack has been around for years and is doing ~10K daily visitors. Both of these services do a lot of what we do... We're not bitching! :) Bring on the competition! The Education space needs some attention. http://www.quantcast.com/schoolrack.com I'm a gadget nut and after a couple years as an iPhone user... I decided it was time to take the jump to an android powered phone. Aside from the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack w/o a usb adapter, I really like the phone I chose, the MyTouch from T-Mobile (HTC Magic). Prior to rooting (you can think of it as equivalent to jailbreaking on an iPhone) my phone and installing Cyanogen's mod I was pretty unhappy with the phone overall. Sure it was a great device, but it was still shadowed by my iPhone experience. The keyboard was slow, not as responsive. I can type real fast on an iPhone, but on the Android phone I felt handicapped. After rooting the phone and installing Cyanogen, as well as the HTC keyboard (instead of the base Android one), I absolutely love it. I have a slight glitch which has been apparently found out to be a small kernel bug ( http://code.google.com/p/cyanogenmod/issues/detail?id=329 ), but my experience hasn't been bad as some of the other people. Performance is on-par with my iPhone now, especially with the keyboard. I really like HTC's keyboard. Lots of enhancements with the Cyanogen mod as well. That's one thing I really love about the Android community, is the open-ness (duh) and the number of ROM's out there you can play around with. One thing I don't like (which isn't so much of a problem with a rooted phone and the underground hacker community) is all of the platform specific stuff out there from companies like HTC and Motorola. The HTC Hero is a perfect example of a phone with a totally modified Android OS that looks great, but is specific to that device. Why can't I run that on my Magic? Why can't someone run it on their Moto phone? You can of course, as I mentioned previously thanks to the community, but why aren't all of these awesome things being made available to everyone? It's an open handset alliance after all. Anyway, sorry for that incoherent blob of text. I was so happy to scan through these screenshots today, I'm super excited for 2.0! Definitely switch from mod_python to mod_wsgi. Also try setting up Nginx as a proxy to Apache, using Nginx to serve static media and Apache(+mod_wsgi) for only serving up the dynamic pages. I'm not sure about you guys, but how many ads for teeth whitening are there on this site?? http://grab.by/DQY You get the full power of WP, hosted on their servers. It's not as flexible as rolling your own, however. I'd also vouch for Posterous, but it's not as advanced as something like Wordpress is. Aside from the font you chooce, make sure to have ClearType on with Windows or Anti-aliasing on with OS X :) I was with Slicehost for a long time and really like them quite a lot. SchoolRack.com runs on a small 5-node setup at Slicehost, and it's nice having the internal ip's (one machine up front doing load balancing and static content, some db/app servers behind it which are inaccessible to the outside world). We've rarely suffered downtime in the past few years (we were with layeredtech previously, which was a disaster) I'm running Linode for my own personal site (whalesalad.com) and have been happy with that as well. The control panel is definitely more advanced, and they're cheaper. I'm broke without and unemployed, so the cheaper price is what has me on linode right now. Help a guy out if you choose Linode - http://j.mp/linodesalad (referral code) It doesn't work with standard permalinks that feature hyphens in the url, and none of his examples show links with hyphens. Most blogs out there (wordpress) are using hyphens in their permalinks. $429 USD. It's really just an HTC Dream (T-Mobile G1), how are they different? The Droid phone was rooted, not Android. There are a lot of Android devices out there that have been rooted, hackers can check out the XDA forum (pick a device, the G1 is the Dream and the Magic (MyTouch/Google Ion) is the Sapphire) - http://forum.xda-developers.com/ For many of you who are unfamiliar with "rooting" (as I was before I went from iphone->android) it's essentially the same as jailbreaking an iPhone. Somewhat obvious, you gain root access and therefore access to all of the filesystem and more. This is what lets you do things like flash a replacement OS like CyanogenMod or use things like WiFi tether. For those more interested, it generally involves an finding exploit and flashing a replacement "recovery" system. Once you've flashed over the recovery system (basically a bootloader) you can boot into the recovery system and flash your desired ROM. While I've started to lean more against Fusion Garage in this battle for the CrunchPad, I still think that TechCrunch is equally to blame for choosing such a shady group to work with. Arrington states that he has known for a long while (as steerpike pointed out) that Fusion Garage has been in such shambles, and claims he isn't "just a blog" and has made significant (and/or the majority of) contributions to the CrunchPad. If both of these are true, why the hell didn't he pull out on Fusion Garage early on and go with someone else? You supposedly have the idea, the investors, the retail channels lined up, etc... so why is Fusion even an issue? I call shenanigans here... Especially when you add in the fact that most distributions add in their own flair to configuration (like the location of config files). Unfortunately this is beginning to happen to Nginx as well, but for the most part the guides out there are agnostic and offer help for anyone looking to config nginx. First of all, like most of the people on HN I too agree these guys are getting a little sappy. Give it a rest and stop crying. This all sounds like the new American dream to me, wait for someone to create an accident and take advantage of it by suing the pants off of them. Your company is worthless, so you're going to sue Microsoft to make your millions? Second... Plurk won't let me sign up with a MobileMe email address =( - http://grab.by/1fum Coolest thing about this is there's a popular Android app for rooted devices known simply as "Wireless Tether" that bridges your cellular data connection with your wifi connection, to create a simple wifi hotspot powered by your 3G connection. So you buy a nook, root it, now you have a personal little 3G router everywhere you go! I think this perspective might help a bit: Think about the average person purchasing a handful of applications for a couple of dollars each (My girlfriend has probably spent a maximum of $20 on apps for her iPhone), with a smaller portion of that money actually making it into Apple's pocket (costs for operating the app store service itself as well as the people who approve and manage apps, paying developers their portion, etc...) versus a couple of hundred dollars per device. An iPhone without a contract is even crazier, take the subsidized AT&T price and add $400. The app store is the biggest reason why people want the devices, but I can see how it's not the reason for the devices. Just looking at my Android phone (I previously had an iPhone and got bored with it) I have three applications for Facebook and all of them don't even do 20% of what the iPhone one does. I get so frustrated with my device now that I'm considering dishing out cash money ($699) to buy a new one and stick with my T-Mobile plan. Why can't JSMin simply remove that from their license and save a lot of people a lotta headache? SchoolRack(.com) is built on a small cluster of 4 Slicehost servers. I know this isn't a small/personal project but it's given me a lot of experience with them. Of course, they're a great web host and definitely mean it when they say they're built for developers. But... Linode is (so far) better. You get everything you get at Slicehost, for a little bit cheaper, with a more useful admin panel. Statistics are built in for CPU and Bandwidth. However, the panel is a bit more complex than the average park rangers jeep, so if you're a newbie you might wanna stick with Slicehost. I say so far because I've only been a customer for about 3 months now. whalesalad.com (my personal site) runs on a small $19 Linode (which gives you 360mb of ram vs 256 on Slice, 16GB of storage vs 10, and double the bandwidth). At the moment I'm powering my aforementioned blog, a couple of WordPress sites, and another Django site. Nginx + FastCGI for both the Python and PHP side of things. It's holding up like an absolute champ. Linode also lets you play around with other distros easier. You can basically cut up your allotted HD space and boot whatever you want. You can cut it in half and play with Fedora/Debian, or whatever you choose really. For experimentation, that's good. This is a great performance breakdown/comparison of the popular VPS' out there - http://journal.uggedal.com/vps-performance-comparison Finally, if you choose Linode, help a guy out with this referrer link :D - http://j.mp/linodesalad The website is painful to look at. We really need to nip the whole rotated screenshot trend in the bud. Here's to 2010. Save for web in Photoshop is Command + Option + Shift + S, and I do it dozens of times a day. Every Mac I have ever used has been able to do this :) I'm personally very interested in learning Android development. I'm familiar with building web apps in PHP and Python (Django) but I've never played around with Java or done anything other than websites with scripting languages. I think that as a developer the biggest roadblock to me making apps for my Android device is 1) the verbosity and different syntax of Java (which I am becoming more familiar with) and the way that the apps are organized. And of course the whole XML shenanigans (I'm not too fond of it in general, it's WAY too verbose). As I said, I am definitely very interested in creating apps for my device, but I also feel that one of the biggest friction points for Android becoming as popular as tne iPhone is the fact that it's built on Java. Disclaimer: I'm a little buzzed so if this comment is lame, I apologize. This is just the kind of site that I am looking for. I've had lots of GPX/KML data from my Android phone (with the My Tracks app) and no where to put it. I'm incredibly excited to start using this daily after every ride, to both share what I've done with my buddies and keep track of how far I go. I really wish I was doing this all day every day whenever I ride... I think I rode 10 miles a day for the past 2 years rain or shine to and from my job and it would have been super rad to see the hundreds of miles ridden all added up! So, sorry I don't have any immediate feedback yet but I am using your app and hope to have some good feedback soon:) Here I am - http://ridewithgps.com/users/4151 All the data I've imported thus far has been My Tracks data exported as GMX - http://ridewithgps.com/users/4151 That's a great book, not just for getting laid ;) It teaches you a lot about the human mind. It opened my door to NLP as well (neuro-linguistic programming) which I have a few books on but have yet to really dive into. It's a fast and entertaining read. I just ordered one myself for $529, free overnight shipping and $0 tax to Honolulu, Hawaii. I couldn't be more excited! The Nexus One doesn't ship with a sim when you purchase the unlocked version. In that case it would be an iPod Touch... you'd rely on WiFi for all data usage. I'm not sure why T-Mobile is so hated on. I've never had problems with them, and haven't had any dropped calls I can think of. AT&T is total garbage, especially with iPhone users supersaturating the network. The "Even More Plus" plans basically translate to contract-free. I pay $59 a month for unlimited data/text, unlimited nights and weekends, unlimited t-mo to t-mo, and get 500 minutes. I don't talk a ton, so it's perfect. My equivalent iPhone plan was $99 a month, for lesser service. If you root the device you can install the same HTC input manager (keyboard, AKA the HTC_IME) and use that as a replacement keyboard, which is MUCH better. It's better out of the box, and as Nwallins said, it's even better once calibrated. It really is. Fortunately with modded firmwares you can use the SD card for more than it was originally intended, like partitioning it for storing your applications and even a linux swap. Still, it's a mega usability nightmare. Because the card also stores all your photos and music, when you want to connect it to your computer it has to unmount on the device, and there goes all your apps with it. Which causes things to hang and die. Considering the cost of physical memory these days.. it doesn't make sense not to include a larger bit of internal storage. Heck they can even keep the SD slot on there for extra storage for those who desire it. How is this on the front page? We've already got a well discussed thread on the nexus one :[ I think that part of the reason why the apps for the iPhone are better is due to the Android platform in general. No one codes Java for fun or for cool points. You don't see companies popping up like Tapbots where the UI's are carefully constructed pixel by pixel for Android. The coolest thing to hit Java for a long time is Clojure, and that's only for data nerds. The mac is cool, OS X is cool, developing for the mac is cool. That's why people like the iPhone. It's cool . People want their shit to be rad, and they want others to think that they are rad too. You don't get this with Java, so I don't think we'll ever get this on Android. Suffice to say... I have a Nexus One (previously I had a MyTouch 3G, and before that an iPhone 3G) and I love it! I've had a Nexus One for a few days now as well (ordered on launch day) and I can say that it's a fantastic device. The aura of excitement I had with the experience on my first day owning it was akin to the one I had after coming out of the IMAX 3D theater after seeing Avatar. It's just cool . Let me elaborate. I'm a Mac nerd. I hack on my mac, I worked at an Apple store for a couple of months for fun, and I really believe that they have their shit together and produce magnificent products. I never owned an original iPhone, but had a 3G the day they were released (see a pattern, like many of you I am a gadget freak). I eventually just got bored with it. It's a great device, but like I said I'm a gadget freak so I needed a new fix. Android was an attractive platform because of it's tight integration with Google (I'm an apps user), and T-Mobile offered much cheaper plans. My girlfriend is also on T-Mo, so the path was clear. I bought my first Android device in October of 09, a T-Mobile MyTouch 3G. It took a lot of getting used to. I figured that since the iPhone was the gold standard for smart phones, a lot of the Android experience would be a copy and therefore I'd learn it quickly. Sort of... but no. Unlike the iPhone, there are many devices running Android and most of them have a lot more external buttons. The UI depends on it. The back button for example, and the menu button, are critical on Android. Being a UI guy I learned things quickly, and after hacking and tweaking the phone with Cyanogen's mod, I came to like it. I missed my iPhone though, and longed for a better android experience; especially after the Droid came out, running Android 2.0. Unfortunately I had unlocked my iPhone and given it to my girlfriend, so I wasn't about to take it back. Enter Nexus One. I had known about the physical device for a long time. Most people referred to it in the HTC community as the Passion. I was pretty damn excited when the Nexus materials started to leak. The device was gorgeous, and the specs were fantastic. I quickly sold my MyTouch on Ebay and bought the Nexus as soon as I could. Best $530 I have ever spent, by far. The new OS is an amazing improvement on the old. The experience has almost done a 180. Everything is smoother and quicker. Things are more convenient and not as convoluted as they once were. I'm sure the 512MB of ram and 1GHz processor have a great deal to do with that, but I'm not complaining. The hardware is gorgeous too. It feels great in your hand (much like an iPhone) and like many say the screen is beautiful. I've never owned a Droid but I've played around with one. I don't like the hardware keyboard and the device is slow. It doesn't have the OS that the Nexus has (2.0 compared to 2.1) and there's a big difference. The snapdragon processor is amazing. This thing screams compared to a Droid! Unfortunately... if you're on Verizon you have to wait a while for the CMDA version... but it's worth it! The Droid was a great effort, but it's not as nice as the Nexus. tl;dr - I went from iPhone to Android (with a MyTouch 3G) and was unimpressed. I'm a UI guy so I'm real picky. I just got myself a Nexus One, and I'm finally able to say that the Android experience is on equal playing field with the iPhone. No other Android device can say that, except the Nexus One. Yeah... I think that's the biggest problem. There aren't a ton of apps out for the device. Like dropbox, and kindle, to name a few. I still think it's because of Google's choice on Java, or at least the way the apps are built. XML files are the first bad sign. People complain that the $99 fee and approval process of Apple is so bad, that the $25 and no approval process of Google is the way to go. Problem is... many of the apps you see on the iPhone are quality apps. They look great, they function great, and they make developers a lot of cash. While you still see similar things on Android, it's far far less common. The Facebook app is a prime example. Comparing Facebook on iPhone to Facebook on Android is like comparing a Bugatti Veyron to a 1989 Taurus SHO. Very good point. I've noticed all these things and really like them. I like how Google has kicked it into high gear and I hope that independent developers do too. I think we need a better UI framework or just app framework in general for building Android apps... I'm not satisfied with the way things work right now. Thanks for the great comment! Surprisingly everything you said made a whole lot of sense. I guess for now I was more interested in creating a prototype. I have absolutely zero 3D modeling experience, and after giving Blender a try for about 10 minutes I need some Tylenol, heh. The epoxy casting makes a lot of sense and seems like the best route to do it myself. My dad built his own kayak not too long ago, and I helped him out a lot with the fiberglass coating and epoxy (it's wooden, but it's coated in those things). I guess the hardest part in that sense would be creating a perfect and symmetrical mold, which is where the 3D modeling comes in handy =/ Hopefully I can find some semi-interested hackers or someone here in Honolulu who might be interested in helping with the project. Thanks again for your tips, It's helped push me in a better direction :) pg was number one for me :D This has to be due to the fact that Google didn't do/have any sort of marketing. Every other phone had a carrier behind it as well. It's an apples to oranges comparison! The iPhone 3GS had two previous iPhones to pave it's way, the Droid had all kinds of viral marketing going for it from Verizon, the MyTouch had a lot of marketing from T-Mobile with stars like Whoopie Goldberg and Chevy Chase. The only thing that Google had behind it was geeks like us who read HN and blogs like Engadget. Well I think the problem I want to solve is a bank that the common tech-savvy (wo)man can use. My sister in college, my girlfriends freelancing mom, my defense contractor dad... anyone who is comfortable with online banking and smartphones, anyone who is open to new technology and using it to make their lives more efficient. The USAA scan-your-check-instant-fund-availability concept is fantastic! Paying bills with my phone like the new Square concept is amazing as well. This is the future and I want a bank that is pioneering in these ways too. Combine all of that with a bank that doesn't wanna nickel and dime me.. and I think we have a winner. Precisely. I was expelled from a "science and technology" magnet school for finding some holes in their network. The IT admin's password was "north" so I could basically do anything. Based on the way they did logins (Novell on Win2k workstations) any time a user logged in on a machine, I could get their password. It was a matter of booting a live linux distro, mounting a usb stick, copying a few files from the windows drive over to the usb stick, and then brute forcing once I got home. I screwed around a little bit, rebooting various Netware servers from the web admin for fun. Unfortunately the "shut down" button does a graceful shutdown and sends a message to every single machine on the network... so it wasn't very stealth. All in all, I never did a single malicious thing. I explored their network, restarted some servers, and logged in as a teacher occasionally to screencap the "Logout blah teacher name" to show off to my buddies. Never once did I look at anyones personal documents or change any grades. I was a pussy, just an explorer. Long story short, being a cocky 16 year old kid with a ton of user passwords, I blogged about it and got nailed. The way they handled it wash horrible, literally dragging me and my buddies out of class by the arm and cursing at us for embarrassing the school. This all happened the day after returning from a thanksgiving break, but the interesting thing is one of the teachers there was dragged into the "investigation" (every single post/page on my blog was printed into little booklets for the majority of the staff to read and analyze) and personally called me the day before the break, to let me know that I better watch my ass. I'm a good guy, I give money back to people who drop it on the sidewalk, give up my seat on the bus to women, kids, and the elderly, etc... but they didn't realize it. The staff there is so elite because their public magnet school only gets the "smart" kids in the district. They kicked me out as soon as they had the chance. Their infrastructure is probably still vulnerable and their IT staff are just as clueless. I'd have happily done anything that I could to prevent other jacknobs in the school from doing what I did, if they had just asked for my help or even just noticed there was a problem and made changes. Instead... I'm some crazy hacker kid who doesn't belong amongst the elite kids. I remember booting a live cd once before I even had a reputation at the school, and it was as though I was beating off in church. People were so incredibly offended by the terminal and lack of gui, like I was some kind of hacker just waiting to destroy everything. Looking back.. I wish I hadn't been such a wimpy 10th grader. I should have screwed around way more in high school. For some reason the second I was expelled and sent to the "normal" high school I grew some balls and started acting like a regular teenager. Oh yeah the dump I speak of is called Clark Magnet and it's in La Crescenta, California. Drupal is such a complex pig, a custom solution would be much better. Especially for someone as big as TechCrunch. Wow so a vook is like a book with the distraction of video and a movie with the distraction of text. Let's not forget that Apple is revolutionizing the world. Even if their products are bad for consumers in that they restrict with DRM, have higher costs, use proprietary technology, etc... they are sparking a huge huge change in the world of technology. Android is a great example of this. This is the good ol' military industrial complex but in a consumer electronics sense. Companies are competing and innovating, and we have to thank Apple for much of that. In the end we are the people who will benefit, with lower cost devies and better software. Even the carriers are attacking each other now on prices for the best 3G network (VZW & ATT). I think people are confusing corporations succeeding in a capitalist market with "evil". This is AMERICA, where we compete for everything and anyone can do anything, as long as they can do it better than someone else. Apple is not evil. They're a company that likes to make money, and likes to make devices that people blow their loads over. I worked at apple for a while... they gave me some cool things like a free bus pas ($50 in Hawaii) every month to encourage use of public transit. They're certainly not evil, not any more evil than Google, Microsoft, HP, IBM, the list goes on... They're just the most successful. And it always sucks at the top, because everyone is trying to bring you down. Imagine all the companies that are trying to get at Apple's trade secrets, it's no wonder they have such intense security. EDIT: Sorry somehow I thought this post had no URL, I was making these comments purely on the title. Must have accidentally clicked comments instead of the title. This is not only a good tutorial on getting started with your environment, but has some really good resources for getting started with actually building apps or getting them on your device :) Now we just need someone to come along and teach us web hackers how to go from developing in a MVC php/python/ruby/etc.. methodology to building java apps. I'm great with a *nix system so getting the SDK running on my Mac was no problem, but building Java apps... I'm clueless in that department! I love how you can refer to this url as well, so git like - http://github.com/rails/rails/commit/2ebea1c02 I'm pretty sure the intern was Daniel Brusilovsky... he tweeted about "writing the hardest email he's ever had to write" and all his posts are 404'ing on TC. The tweet of his: http://twitter.com/danielbru/status/8523812779 BTW for those of you interested in installing on Linux, you'll need php5-dev (so on deb/ubuntu machines a quick apt-get install php5-dev solves it). Run phpize from the root, then the normal ./configure, make, make install etc... I have so many damn unnecessary problems with OS X that I've resorted to running a lightweight Debian VM with VMWare. It uses ~250mb out of my 4GB RAM and I can just suspend it whenever I'm not coding. Benefits: I can use apt-get and have all the other conveniences of a true *nix environment. I can update and try out new software easily (I had XHP running in about 5 minutes). Also, I can create snapshots of my OS so that when my environment is just the way I like it, I can always revert right back to it. I interact with certain paths on my virtual linux filesystem just as though they were local (like my ~/Sites dir) and have various dev domains in my /etc/hosts file pointing to the VM (which has it's own internal ip). Cons: It's a standalone VM so it consumes a consistent 250mb of memory. Never really looked at what mysql/apache were doing on my Mac previously (I would assume far less) but I haven't really ran into an issue where the VM is a big issue yet. The convenience far outweighs the chuck of memory it eats up :) I haven't had a single configuration problem yet ;) For developers the popular phrase is reversed, Debian "just works" and OS X is a pain in my ass. One of the ways that you can create a good looking button or clickable image is to set the background image of an element so that you can take advantage of features like :hover pseudo-classes. Sometimes you don't want the text to appear inside of that element, like if the text for your button is inside the image. The solution is using a huge text indent number (-9999, to take it off of the left side of the page). It's basically a trick. An em is just a measurement, equivalent to the width of the letter M. You'll notice sometimes when clicking a link that you'll see the dotted outline text extend all the way to the left side of the page. That's because the text inside of that element is actually way far off 9999em's to the left of your display. Like a bad act getting pulled off-stage by the big long hook around the neck. Yeah it's REALLY bad. Funny thing is, and I don't know if this is store-specific or what but as an Apple employee working at the retail store, I got access to all of my email thru squirrelmail. You could only hit it from behind their firewall, but it's http://webmail.apple.com (it will fwd to https://webmail.apple.com/src/login.php if you cancel out of the login prompt, which for anyone who's used squirrelmail, is the standard login page) Of course I was also given a mobileme account (which uses a pretty slick desktop-like web UI for mail) but I was shocked that they didn't do like a Google-Apps style rebrand of MobileMe email for their own @apple.com accounts. Pretty sad if you ask me. Jesus I knew these guys were doing good, but not THIS good. 2 mil a year on WordPress themes is absolutely insane! I also appreciate your hard work. There are always assholes out there that are jealous of someone else, who have to share some sort of negativity even when deep down inside they really admire what you're doing. Keep up the good work man and don't let the less intelligent people in our world get to you. I've made about $8,000 in sales selling my own theme modeled after the site I built for iJustine (theme link: http://whalesalad.com/tasty ) but that's just a teeny fraction of what you made, let alone Woo! I have more in the pipe... but there's only one of me =/ Why is everyone complaining about a site redesign? As far as I can tell it looks exactly the same? Was the CSS file not included or something so everyone freaked out? I'd love to hear some context on all of this... I don't mean to jack the thread here, but I did something similar over the weekend that was a lot of fun. I cloned and then built upon a local system here in Honolulu that lets you see when buses are coming to a stop. I originally wanted to build an Android app but realized that I could do the same thing faster with my current skill set (web apps) thanks to some of the Geolocation features of HTML5. Plus, both me and my girlfriend can use it (she's on an iphone)! Here it is - http://thebus.ws/about/ For those not familiar with Hawaii... try some street names like King, Queen, Bishop, Kapiolani. If you're on island the locate button will find your location thru browser api's and then load stops near you. Stops right by my place would be 2088, 306, and 405 (you can search for those numbers). BTW, I really like what you did :) It's very simple and looks pretty good to boot. I have a client in Sweden right now, so this comes in handy! Myspace could hire anyone to make their site look like Facebook. It's not gonna save them. I guess what I meant was, they can hire anyone to simplify their layout, hiring this guy isn't gonna change anything. I'm sure there are dozens of people at Myspace who want to simplify things. Just click on the link to the dude's about page (which is his myspace link) and there are about 6 flash advertisements on top of all the other crap. Link: http://www.myspace.com/nouman Facebook removes customization/control from users, and that is why it is so popular. The focus is on communication and connection, not customization and self-promotion. The fundamental being of MySpace is what is flawed. Girls with glitter backgrounds and odd poses trying to show off their budding teenage breasts, guys trying to get some ass and scope out girls. Of course that happens everywhere, not just Myspace, but that's the kind of reputation that it holds. Most people's "pages" are difficult to look at. The only thing that Myspace is decent for is grabbing new music from bands, as that is what it originally set out to be. It's doomed, time to jump ship. No facebook^H^H^H^H.... clean design is going to save it now. It's fostered a community that reflects it's design, a crappy one. Just like the startup I once worked for... the culture was shitty no matter how much emotion and passion you put into your work or saving it, it was useless. Certain things cannot be changed or fixed. This reminds me a lot of Dustin Curtis' redesign of AA. I think the guy has talent and I don't mean to knock him at all, but you can't just expect to throw a fresh coat of paint on something and assume the people who use it and the stigma about it will suddenly change for the good. Heck, Facebook gets shit from users every single time it's redesigned. "1,000,000 strong to bring back the old Facebook!" - there have probably been 15 of those created every single time FB throws down a new design. tl;dr - I digress... the problem with Myspace is not the design and UX, it's the people on top (Newscorp), the community that has been fostered around it, and the stigma that it has in society. There's no turning back from that. My mom, grandmother, cousins, friends, colleagues, high school buddies, you name it are all on Facebook. Friends that I made before we could text or IM each other, back when we had to call or go knock on the door to see if they wanted to hang out, are on Facebook with me. My myspace page is a joke, a place where my ex-girlfriend used to get jealous and flaunt photos of her tits to all her friends. It's an absolute joke. Brilliant! I'm using my own little hacked-together system for all my sites right now that handles like a champ, but this looks like a much more structured and secure setup. I think I see my background once a week. It serves almost no purpose to me. I'd probably disable it if I could to be honest. I'm in OS X. ⌘+Tab, my Dock, and Launchbar is all I need. I personally find it odd when people out there have a ton of icons in their OS X dock... I only keep frequently apps in there ( http://grab.by/2yZF ) and then use Launchbar to do everything else. ^+Space lets me launch any app. I can't wait for these to be in iTunes and downloadable... Right now the podcast feed has some old stuff in it. I'm flying from HNL to LAX in a few days and would love to have some PyCon goodness to watch! Dreamhost shared hosting is some of the worst in the business, they oversell like crazy. Not sure how their VPS offering is, but in terms of price you will pay much less for the same VPS (on paper) from Linode. I've had great experiences with both Linode and Slicehost (using them almost equally for both small sites and a startup (schoolrack.com is hosted on a 4 cluster Slicehost setup). My vote is for Linode. I'd love to hear some comments here on equivalent Django/Python solutions. I know of Webfaction and that's about it. I really want a Heroku for Django! The external UI looks like Picwing and Etherpad had a baby. The internal UI looks a lot like Etherpad too. It's interesting that of all the various Google Data API's (which many use OAuth, I believe) Gmail isn't one of them. I guess that makes sense, since there are protocols like IMAP and POP... but for something like this it would be nice. The Google Contact API supports OAuth, which is fantastic because so many sites want your email address and password to get contacts (for like invite friend style functionality) but it doesn't appear they store any kind of communication frequency data. Video feed of the news down there: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/hitsunami I just came home to LA to visit family from Honolulu, all my friends back in HI are saying "wow you picked the best time to leave". Have you ever played around with DD-WRT? http://www.dd-wrt.com/site/index Grab yourself a WRT54G (or WRT54GL, L for LINUX) and you won't regret the combination :D For those of us nubs who don't know what PT_DENY_ATTACH is, I did a little bit of research and have come to this conclusion: It's a flag that prevents a debugger from attaching itself to the process, aka preventing gdb from attaching to iTunes. Sounds like the best way to solve this issue would be a visual chooser? Like looking through a small grid of icons with people smiling. If you chose female previously the icons would be girls, and vice versa for male. If I click the blonde haired white dude, you know I'm a kid from southern california. I could not agree more. I don't know why people keep making claims that a technology (PuSH) can kill a service (Twitter) with a HUGE community behind it. The value in Twitter isn't the tech (it's nearly featureless), but the users, community, and experience that it provides. EDIT: Quite ironically... they use a QR code on the Android download page! http://www.stickybits.com/android/ QR codes for the win! Seems like the Android world has really latched onto this... with the iPhone kind of not so much. You can store a lot more data in a QR code. There are some handy tools for a common Android workflow which is, I'm at home and I need to bail real fast to catch a bus or head out, but I want the site I am viewing on my computer on my phone. I generate a quick QR code of the page, snap a pic with my phone, and leave. Here are some links: http://code.google.com/p/qrbookmarklet/ and http://servletsuite.blogspot.com/2008/11/qr-code-bookmarklet... I built a simple tool here in Honolulu to enhance a service that does estimated arrival times. You can find it here - http://thebus.ws/about . One of the thing I want to do as a public service and because I am a bus nerd, is get some durable plastic tags printed out with a bazillion QR codes for every bus stop on the island, and mount them in a semi-secure fashion (punks are always gonna fuck with things.... but these will be cheap so who cares). That way when you're at a bus stop you can snap a pic of the QR code and load up the page with all the bus arrivals. GPS is even easier (which is how I am doing it right now, finding stops near you) but this is just another way to make things quicker. I wish we would adopt QR codes more here in the US of A... Japan uses them all over the place. Hmm from the looks of it it doesn't seem like they're actually using the design anywhere? As far as I can tell the image from Metalab has been placed on a public wiki. Installing wget took about 20 seconds... brilliant. No offense to the op but this is another reason why I prefer OS X to any other operating system.. this stuff is built in. You can print any site right to PDF from any browser (as it's an OS feature). No Adobe needed. Off topic, but wow I was surprised to open this link up and find that the author and I sat next to each other in 9th grade Physics :D I think the concept of trading services based on karma points is good. If I can build a simple site for a plumber or mechanic, to have them fix a broken pipe or replace my clutch, that's pretty valuable. Things aren't that black and white or simple, but this is a start to getting back into a society where people help each other in exchange for services. This might be more of a local (think craigslist) thing too. I do think the name is pretty horrible though. I think a lot of SXSWi's downfall is due to the "Social Media Experts" who are starting to infiltrate our world. I saw a tweet the other day that said it best... Social Media Experts are just people who can't design or build. I can't agree more. I went 2 and 3 years ago respectively, primarily because I had heard so many interesting things about the panels. I'd see tweets or blog posts about interesting design panels and new technologies or startups being announced and talked about in Austin. I remember really enjoying the scalability one with the guys from Automattic (Matt Mullenweg), Digg (Joe Stump), etc... I haven't heard a single thing like that this year, and am glad I didn't go. I don't doubt that there were some decent panels, but no one seems to have cared about them. Why? It's become a place to party among the twitterati and "elite" of the startup and web world. It's like going clubbing on Sunset in Hollywood and hoping to run into Lindsay Lohan shooting up in the bathroom. Spotting guys like Kevin Rose, Daniel Burka (digg designer), Gary Vaynerchuk, Ashton Kutcher, (and girls like) Justine Ezarik, etc.... I'm not saying it doesn't sound like fun going to parties every night and getting hammered, but thats really all that it has become. I could go on and on complaining about how lame SXSWi was... my company was going to pay completely for me to go last year and I turned it down knowing it would suck. There are much better things to spend money on. If I lived in Austin I might go just for the social aspect... but really the conference itself is worthless. I'm a freelancer somehow surviving in Honolulu right now. It's expensive as hell. You'll figure it out! One cool thing to look forward to... Django was birthed in Kansas! I'd love to be surrounded by Django/Python jobs! Exactly. The Droid had a HUGE campaign from Verizon behind it to compete with the iPhone. The iPhone was hyped since it's announcement at Macworld 6 months prior to it's release, plus had, again, the power of AT&T behind it. Google decided to do things in favor of the customer (not the big huge cell companies) and sell the Nexus One unlocked. It's now on AT&T's 3G network, and soon coming in a CDMA fashion to Verizon. I'd be interested to see the actual profit from the big cell companies from their sales, minus all the marketing efforts. Verizon hit it pretty hard with all of their "Droid Does" commercials. The Nexus, to me, is going to quickly become a thorn in every phone companies' side. All the phone companies have right now is their product differentiation. Lately they seem to be attacking each other on their network quality, but for the most part it's "I'm going with XYZ because they have ABC device that I prefer to your device on other-network". The N1 will shortly be available on any network, the consumer will have the power! Wow... I'm more concerned that car dealers are actually installing boxes like this in cars. Just another reason why I prefer the older cars from the 90's where they don't have hundreds of miles of wiring and eight layers of plastic above the engine to prevent maintenance. There are few scenarios where url shorteners come in handy... one being Twitter, and the other being times when you get an insanely long and unwieldily querystring moster like earlier when I was sending some directions from Google Maps to a friend. For the former [Twitter], I wrote about what I think could be a simple and effective solution on my blog. Enjoi - http://whalesalad.com/blog/how-twitter-can-eliminate-url-sho... TL;DR - Let's use the simple Markdown syntax to let users enter links in their tweets. There are a few downsides (larger columns in the Twitter DB) but Twitter wouldn't need URL shorteners any longer! Plus since they moved to Cassandra... maybe tweet size doesn't really matter anymore :D He makes a really good argument. I agree with most of his points, especially this: Technology people tend to vastly overestimate the things that people look at when deciding if a phone is good or not. They care about how polished the outside looks, how thin it is, and how smooth and fast the user interface is. There is really not much more! They don't care about multi-tasking or open source or any of that stuff - they care about how impressed other people are when they look at them using the phone. I started with a MyTouch and moved to a Nexus One (which I have now). The more I use Android, the less appealing it becomes. Honestly... who cares that it's open source? It's a novelty. The AOSP stuff for 2.1 has been out forever, yet the only device to be using it is the Nexus. The fragmentation is killing it. I think a lot of Apple's success with the iPhone comes from a lot of it's restraints. In the long run I still think Apple is always going to have the upper hand.. not only because it was first in this new generation of smartphones, but because they control every aspect of the device. OS, Hardware, Applications and App Store. I wasn't even considering the Windows phone... but now it's definitely in the back of my mind. YES. Me too.. especially for a web developer (someone who's used to python, php, ruby, etc.. (scripted languages) moving to something like Java. But.. ugh... XML is so gross. It would be nice to build something that abstracts a lot of the boilerplate crap you have to go through when doing Java. http://dpaste.de is a much nicer alternative pastebin, which spawned from this one. Also, it's worthy to note that both were originally built for the Django community. I too wonder why this was posted (and why it's on the homepage, heh.. it's really not much different than other pastebins. Sounds like you just need to man up and grow a pair. Honestly. If you think what he said was "harsh", then you're in for an interesting world. At some point in my life... I think it was the start of my senior high school year, I just became comfortable and cool with myself. I started not caring about what others thought, and just did what made me happy. I made new friends, ditched old ones, and started my career. Confidence in yourself is the best thing you can have. As soon as I graduated high school I moved to Hawaii to work for a new startup, and haven't looked back. Live life from the perspective of "will I regret not doing this?" rather than "will I regret doing this?". Also, at the chance of coming off as cheesy... think about the legacy that you want to leave for yourself. What are people going to say at your funeral? What will your tombstone read? What can you surround yourself with so that every day that you wake up in the morning, you're excited to get at it and live it? I think that's where true happiness comes from, and that's what truly matters in life :) Wow I randomly jumped to this scheme, which is actually a fairly popular [Textmate] theme known as Argonaut - http://inspiration.sweyla.com/code/seed/951824/ I guess it's not entirely random, but just has a big db of popular schemes? Unrelated.. but I really love the look of the site. This is so good for everyone. Apple is totally going to take Flash down, and I can't wait. It's slow, it crashes, and it's old. This is somewhat anecdotal, but a coworker at my previous startup came from Adobe, and said that the flash player team was total chaos (and surprisingly small), and there were separate teams for each platform. I can't wait for Flash to die completely. I have absolutely no appreciation for it. This is the dumbest thing I have ever heard. For those of us who live in caves, this works, but for those of us who participate in the real world, it doesn't. It's like a hippie telling me to only buy locally grown organic produce and boycot the rest, when it's cheaper and I really don't give a shit. You're completely right. The alternatives are garbage . OpenOffice is an absolute joke. My dad sent me this attachment, asking for some help doing an animation. Let's compare the OpenOffice version, to the Keynote version. Keynote: http://grab.by/3r23 OpenOffice: http://grab.by/3r25 Until the app that I use to deal with these open formats is equivalent or better than MS Office or Keynote, I'm going to use it. I could care less what format the document comes in... I've never had an issue opening something. I worked out the issue my dad had in Keynote (the slide he needed help with was not the screenshot, heh) The FSF guys have never provided alternative solutions that actually work, and yes, until then, I'm going to ignore their stupid bullshit. They've built a good API, but I don't know what it is either. I've been a beta user for a little while, and was originally going to use it to store bus stops in Honolulu county, to make finding nearby ones from your mobile phone quicker. In my initial testing it returned all kinds of locations near me, when all I wanted were those on my own "layer". I was getting coffee shops, and all kinds of stuff. I guess that might be the intention? It was never clear to me, and doing it locally was actually easier and faster (using geopy). Just my $0.02. I really want one too, but most of that is indeed from the fact that all my buddies are picking them up, and it seems like a nice gadget. For someone like my mom, grandparents, this is a perfect device. My grandpa has a shitty old WebTV for his email, because it uses a familiar interface (his la-z-boy and tv dinner table), but I could easily see him picking this up, opening emails with his finger, etc... For me though... it's a novelty. I live in my Macbook Pro, so I don't need another webkit device to play around with on weekends. Although.... it would be really nice on plane trips. That 10hr (12hrs by David Pogue at the NYT) battery life (playing video) is going to be a game changer for sure. Tie that in with Netflix streaming, and you've got a pretty sick portable movie machine! Hopefully they do some kind of client-side caching "offline" mode, so you can get a streaming movie stored for a flight. Can anyone explain what this means to people outside of the UK? I don't mean this in a condescending way.. I just really feel ignorant. I'm not sure what an MP is, and I'm not sure what role this whole thing plays in the lives of the English. That is pretty exciting and inspirational :) I owe a lot of what I do today to my parents/grandparents as well... pretty much everyone on my dad's side of the family has worked or is currently still working for Lockheed at their Skunk Works plant (the guys that did the SR-71) in Palmdale, CA. My dad and grandpa were both illustrators, drawing out schematics and stuff for Lockheed. I really think a lot of my design abilities are genetic, and I owe it to my dads side of the family. And a blogpost describing how it all works - http://bulknews.typepad.com/blog/2010/04/sunaba-perl-web-app... I honestly think that I can.. but I feel like things would be so much better if I had a partner to help. I tend to work "lone wolf" because I've had interesting experiences in my past with others. I feel like a company (or at least a small team) can be birthed from this. I definitely enjoy sharing the idea and getting feedback. It's a double edged sword. I applied to this past YC with a friend (on his idea, not mine) and made it to the interview stage. I'm kicking myself for not submitting this idea (although, it wasn't even close to this mature, then), because I am convinced that something like YC would be the exact bit of inertia necessary to push this thing straight into a hail mary. That's the overruling statement right there for most of this App store shenanigans.., if something sucks people won't use it, and it won't be a threat. One reason I like my nVidia chip is that the Adobe creative suite (Photoshop CS4, and I'd assume CS5) takes advantage of the GPU to take load off the CPU. I'm not a gamer though, so I don't have anything to share in that department. Link: http://techreport.com/discussions.x/15571 Looks like this thing is getting pretty full! If you hit the "Insert > Add Row" at the end you can enter your info. Hmm... I'm pretty sure that's a fake screenshot (just a mockup). It has all of the same identical invisible marks as Textmate in "Show Invisibles" mode. FF is quickly becoming an obsolete browser. iPhone uses Webkit, iPod Touch, iPad, every single Android phone (like the Nexus One and Droid), Chrome on Windows & Mac... every new Mac... the list goes on. I'm all for competition, but Webkit is clearly the champion here. I don't buy it. Apple has always been more about less complexity, less parts, more unibody. The "leaked" photos show a chassis with multiple components/pieces (the line/break in the metal next to the headphone jack). Apple has always been about an internal battery, and the battery inside of the screenshots is clearly coated in consumer friendly material, as though it were removable. If you've ever opened an iPhone the battery inside is about as unfriendly as it gets. Everything about the design, with the exception of the flat and glossy face, is uncharacteristic of of Apple. EDIT: ihodes has an insightful comment below with a link to Gruber's comments on the matter, which make a lot more sense. (link: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1275921 ) Yes you're right. But.. you probably wouldn't find any of the batteries on the shelf in an AT&T store looking like that ( http://www.google.com/help/hc/images/android/battery.jpg ) I was implying that the battery in the leaked photos looks like it's the kind you can remove from your phone. Coated in plastic, with a barcode, serial number, etc... the opposite of what you would find inside a traditional iPhone. That's part of what leads me to believe that these are fake, because I don't see Apple moving towards a device with a removable battery any time soon. TL;DR you linked to an internal battery, which is not what you see in the photos of the leaked iPhone 4G. What you see is something more on the lines of what you might buy for your Nexus One (or other device with a removable battery). But, alas, if this is just an internal testing machine for Apple purposes only, I suppose something with a removable battery might make sense. I'm glad that this was posted. I applied to Mahalo a few days ago because it's a Django gig in southern California. I was hesitant to apply because of some of the stories I had heard about Jason. However, I try to judge things as I see them, and wanted to give it a shot. I'm glad that this came out, because it's given me some more perspective on Mahalo and Jason. Yea that stuff is totally blocked out of my mind. I use Facebook to connect with my friends and family, and will share a link occasionally if it really pertains to me. For the most part, though, I don't like spamming mass amounts of data to friends. The only benefit I see to things like delicious and other "social bookmarking" tools is the fact that they're "up in the cloud", aka, backed up somewhere away from my browser config folder. Has anyone noticed the new Mahalo-esque stuff they're doing? All of your hobbies, movies, music, etc... that they're making part of this social graph is now linked together a lot better. Example, one of my interests (for fun) is "underwater basket weaving" which now links to a page like this, http://www.facebook.com/#!/pages/Underwater-basket-weaving/1... "Our goal is to make this Community Page the best collection of shared knowledge on this topic. If you have a passion for Underwater basket weaving, sign up and we'll let you know when we're ready for your help." Pretty crazy. Damnit... it's all filled up. -- "Dropbox is giving the first 500 people to signup early access to the Dropbox Android app." and then later on the page, "Sorry but the Android beta is full." This is an email that I sent to a long time emacs hacker a few days ago, who recently switched to Textmate. For those of you wondering about why a lot of devs love it so much... As a sidenote, I think that Coda was designed for an older generation of developers who used FTP to managed static and/or PHP websites... for everything else it's not so great. I love Textmate because it's very universal like vim or emacs... it doesn't have a specific purpose other than to be a great editor. It doesn't have a built in terminal or ftp client. ~~~ Hey Dude, Here are some of those Textmate resources I was telling you about last night. Here's a screenshot of how everything on my system looks - http://grab.by/3OPe There are two ways to achieve this, and I'm not sure which way I am doing it. I think I am just using the MissingDrawer plugin, but not sure. Here are both links: http://ciaranwal.sh/projectplus http://jannisleidel.com/2008/02/missingdrawer/ Both are good blogs too, especially Ciaran Walsh's one, which has a lot of Textmate goodies. Here's an example of what happens when you hit ⌘+T - http://grab.by/3OPf - it opens a little window where you can just start typing, use arrow keys, and press enter to open a file. Also, and you might already know this, but you can use textmate from the command line as well with the "mate" command. You might have to register it though, some menu item in Textmate will put a file in your /usr/bin or something. But... once you've got the mate command working, you can do nifty things like "git diff | mate". Textmate also has a diff view which is pretty elite: http://grab.by/3OPw Also, you can do a few things to open a project in Textmate. You can do "mate /path/to/dir" or additionally, cd to the dir and hit "mate ." which is what I traditionally do since I'll need my term in that dir anyway. That bit about tabs reminds me actually, you can fiddle with that stuff in Textmate as well. At the bottom of the window you can set Textmate to use soft-tabs, which you're probably already familiar with - http://grab.by/3OPE The Bundle system in Textmate is awesome (like plugins basically) and there is one bundle that you can get, which will let you easily extend Textmate directly from Textmate - http://grab.by/3OPJ - it's called GetBundles (plural). There's an older one that was called GetBundle, but the newer and improved one is called GetBundles. Looks like this is a good resource for that -- http://solutions.treypiepmeier.com/2009/02/25/installing-get... Hopefully some of these come in handy :) Glad to see you finally on the dark side! Another handy class library that I have been using a while - http://justin.harmonize.fm/index.php/2009/01/cobra-a-little-... Now I tend to write my "classes" like this: http://gist.github.com/380000 This is using the traditional prototype method. It involves a bit more syntax, but it doesn't require any extra libraries. It's a shame that it isn't available legally in the US of A. I have to VPN into Sweden every couple of weeks to keep my account active. I'd be more than willing to pay a premium fee... but even that won't work, your address has to be in the country of your account. Reasons I enjoy Spotify so much... * Their client is super quick and simple * Songs load essentially instantly, it's like they're local. * They have an Android/iPhone client. * You can create playlists and sync them for offline play. Unfortunately, for those last two items, you need a premium account. I want to give them my money, why won't they take it! =( As a related note, if any of you guys have a Netflix account, I'd highly suggest watching the film Food, Inc. It's on streaming, so you can watch it on your computer, Xbox, etc... Definitely an insightful film that relates to genetically modified foods. If anyone's ever used PHP, this sounds like the worst hire ever. I bet he's a smart guy, but you can gain some insight on his attitude towards development here -- http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Rasmus_Lerdorf "I'm not a real programmer. I throw together things until it works then I move on. The real programmers will say "yeah it works but you're leaking memory everywhere. Perhaps we should fix that." I'll just restart apache every 10 requests." I used to work with a developer, about 2-3 years ago. He was originally CTO of a startup bought by Yahoo! back in the day (Hotjobs). He'd develop live on the server, no version control, yap at you over IM or across the room to get out of the file that he was editing, restart Apache every few seconds to get mod_python to reload. It was absolute chaos. He's a great hacker and a brilliant guy, but some people are truly shooting themselves in the foot for the sake of being "old school". It all comes down to a stubborn laziness. There's definitely a balance between sticking to what you know and prematurely ejaculating over the latest and greatest technologies. Some people just refuse to use new things. I feel the same, but couldn't manage to articulate it. Nicely done. I agree... humility is very important. Tim, your blog has been great to read. I was just inspired to apply for a position at Google. 3 actually. Crosses fingers! Does this sentence make zero sense to anyone else? We feel confident that were Apple and Adobe to work together as we are with a number of other partners, we could provide a terrific experience with Flash on the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Thanks for clearing it up guys, I misread about 3 times in a row. No offense to Scribd, but what is wrong with viewing a document in your browser using something like Safari? I realize that not all machines are capable of this, but they could pretty easily. Someone asked the other day, "Why doesn't Windows have a native PDF reader?". Surely it's possible for all browsers to quickly and properly render a PDF, with easy controls to navigate. I understand the added benefits of being able to comment, discuss, share, etc.. your documents with Scribd, but honestly why the need for HTML5 or anything at all? PDF's are viewable just fine in a simple PDF viewer. Yep, I call bullshit too. I've had my browser crash dozens of times on my Nexus without a single message. Just poof, back to the homescreen. Relaunching the browser will show the homepage and no other windows open. We live in a world full of cattle. Go to school, get a job, retire, etc... Fill out a boring resume, get promoted, get promoted again, have kids, GOTO 10. Even if someone is good at their job, I'd never hire some run-of-the-mill joe who has zero creativity over someone like this, who thinks outside the box a bit and gives something like this a shot. It's certainly not a trend, we're just seeing a lot of these unique approaches to being employed recently on HN. I really think it would be a great phone with a replacement ROM, like Cyanogen/Droidmod. Then you'd basically have a Nexus One++ on VZW :) I'd sit tight for the root soon, The Desire and Legend were very recently rooted, so this thing can't be far off. Yeah, that was huge for me in the list of deciding factors. In my last paragraph I discuss all of them, and that was definitely important. It took Verizon forever to get 2.1 on the Droid, and they left all their other devices out in the cold. That's the sad thing about wireless companies... they just don't care. They're focused on gaining customers and do that with new devices, not updates to old ones. Google is independent from all of that, and they actually seem to care about their users :) This sort of reminds me of the quote by Henry Ford, "If I'd asked my customers what they wanted, they'd have said a faster horse." Sure the "If it aint broke, don't fix it" mentality makes a lot of sense, but at the same time if companies aren't innovating, changing things and pushing the limits, we'll never know what else is possible! Toto might be a "WordPress Killer" for hackers , but that's just about it. There are two reasons why WordPress is wildly successful... (1) It's built in PHP so it can run on anything. Any webhost out there will run it, and 99% of them will have a "one-click-install" button for you. (2) It has a pretty damn good admin interface and theme/plugin community. Anyone can install themes and plugins, either thru the interface or with some simple FTP knowledge. All of this aside... I can't effing stand WordPress. I've been developing for it since it first branched off from the b2 blogging engine many moons ago. For a developer, building a complete site in WP generally consists of hacking plugins to work with one another, or writing your own modifications. I built this site ( http://arbesko.com ) in WordPress because the client wanted it. Only about 10% of it is WP. I extended the URL rewriting system and wrote all of my own template code, most of the queries were written by hand. An experience WP dev might frown upon this because of "future incompatibility" but honestly, if you want to write good shit you're not gonna find it with WP's built in tools. The only thing left that isn't my own is pretty much the DB. For a super simple blog, go with WP. For a "WP as a CMS site", don't fall for that bullshit. Write it in something else, anything else. Write it from scratch in Perl for all I care, just stay away from using WP for anything more than a blog and/or very simple site. And again, these kinds of things (toto, jekyll, etc...) are fun for hackers, but they will never kill WP. If you want to kill WP you're going to need to attack it from the perspective of an "SEO Marketing social media expert from Tampa FL who has 2 kids and runs the Tampa Tweetup every weekend", and not that of a hacker. The most you can expect from someone is installing an FTP client and uploading it. These people don't play with terminals or git. A WordPress killer has to be useful for the average joe, the soccer mom, the "social media expert". You're not going to take it down with git and gems. This works for a hacker, but that's it. Unless you're building a site for a client, a user isn't going to install it locally. They're going to pick up some piece of crap commodity webhosting account on Godaddy or Dreamhost, and use the one-click-install. I lived in Honolulu for 3 years up until about a week ago. Sales tax is 4.5%. I can't see how this will work, at all. No one is going to "install their own node." It's like OpenID: a huge pain in the ass. Will my girlfriend use this? No. My sister? No. The friends that I work on cars with or ride bikes with? No. My hacker buddies who are paranoid and anti-government? Possibly. Even I won't use it... and I live inside of a terminal and write code for a living. I commend the idea... but this isn't going to make even the smallest dent in Facebook. I have no idea why people are donating money to this. Might as well flush it down your toilet. P.S. I'm not trying to piss people off here, I'd honestly like to hear someone explain to me why this is worth even $1. That's interesting.. because while I agree, I rarely look inside of my SD card. I've rooted too, so use it frequently for that purpose (flashing a rom). I agree more with the previous commenter though, because while Android does have their own UI guidelines, no one seems to follow them. There are a ton of really ugly and poorly designed (not just in a pixel sense, but workflow sense) Android apps out there =( You can prevent that information from being public with a simple setting. I don't know why so many people are whining and bashing Facebook. It's a SOCIAL NETWORK. The entire point of it is to share information with people you know. Don't share what you don't want people to know, and lock down your settings (that they make quite easily available) to filter out the rest. I can't stand this FB bashing. Zucks gang recklessly opening up whatever they see fit? It's a FREE SERVICE! I wonder why these die hard Windows fans stick with it when they realize what kind of things you can do with Linux. It's ironic to me that on a page discussing display guidelines, the numbers inside of the red circles overlaying the screenshot are not x/y centered. It's annoying me, I want to fix it :( Anyhoot, on the topic, it would be nice if Twitter would give you a special .png image that's generated on the fly or something by the server, for a tweet. Like embedding a youtube video, but simpler. Like add .png to the basic tweet_detail URL to get an image of it. Example: http://twitter.com/whalesalad/status/14450770448 Could be: http://twitter.com/whalesalad/status/14450770448.png Of coures this presents a whole new can of worms for the Twitter team... but it would be nice :) There might even be a way to do it where you can't hotlink it, but you can download the file and host it yourself. A real life example of this occurs when hitting up speedtest.net. Once you're finished, you're given a simple link to share on forums, with friends, etc.. to a generated image of your results. ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/822174957.png ) Thats awesome! Now all you need to do is get it to conform to their guidelines :D Ahh that's pretty elite too. Thanks for the link. "An XML-based templating system for generating HTML" That turned me off immediately. It actually won't work for me at all. `git difftool` does not exist anywhere, and I can't even pipe a normal diff to it like `git diff HEAD | ksdiff` This is a ridiculous post. Those are little kids just having a fun innocent time in a kiddy pool. Even if there are little girls there, who cares? I dig Posterous... but I cannot see the difference between Posterous and WordPress. Can someone help point that out? I'd take a non-removable battery any day of the week, over one that I can pop out any time. I've never opened the battery door on my Nexus, except to turn the thing off from a gnarly overheating freeze. Every time I dropped my HTC Magic, the battery cover would come off, the phone would fly in one direction, and the battery would fly in the other. What does that mean? The phone turns off! The iPhone 3G was the most durable phone that I ever owned. I could drop it during a phone call (happened once) and picked the thing up a second later to continue talking. You lose a great deal of 1) internal space and 2) structural integrity when you make the battery removable. Having a non-removable battery means that you can skip implementing all the rails and pieces to hold the door on, the frame to hold the battery, etc... gives you a bigger battery overall and more room for other goodies, and/or a smaller phone overall. The benefit here is the git integration. I'd also assume that the control panel is going to be thousands of times easier to use and more efficient than Cpanel/Fantastico (which is pretty gross in my opinion) I also dropped my email address in out of interest, but I agree this is definitely something that isn't needed for PHP. The web that we have right now was built for PHP. 99.9999% of hosts support it out of the box, and offer one click installs. If you're running your own app, it's just as easy to get that running with PHP. What we really need is a Heroku for PYTHON! And Google App Engine is NOT the answer. Which one is that, btw? I've been sticking to my guns of WRT54GL's forever with DD-WRT, but now that N is more mainstream I'd like something new, that also has usb ports for some NAS goodness. Wow, for all the "hiring and spending" that went on, the site is surprisingly bad. I realize a lot of effort must be going into production and the video side of things, but the site blows. Exactly, just look at PHP. Design by committee gone horribly, horribly wrong. I think it's only a matter of time before ChromeOS and Android become the same thing, or at least very close siblings. Can someone provide a download to the actual file? I'd love to play around with it, without jumping through hoops on launchpad with openid and such. Anyone have it or have easy access to it? Luckily (California at least) law states that there have to be posted signs within 300 yards of a traffic camera :D Just ordered some online. We'll see how this goes. Hahaha, a sword wielding female? Are you sure these guys are programmers? :P At the moment, no individual who values a good user experience values an Android tablet. They're all oversized HTC smartphones, with vanilla Android operating systems. Apple designed a wonderful tablet experience, and just so happened to use a similar operating system to their iPhone. Why not? However, they didn't just port it over, add some new and higher screen resolutions and call it a day. Android has nothing in the tablet space right now. It's all crap. I'll wait until ChromeOS and Android merge into a more polished and more focused tablet type of OS before making any decisions at all. Definitely going to need to get all of the typical gloss/apple styles in there. Look to the open source Aristo (Cappucino's UI) for inspiration -- http://github.com/280north/aristo Not sure how well your idea will take off, but good luck. Similar sites (you probably already know of these): http://www.brusheezy.com/ http://www.vecteezy.com/ YES! More evidence! Also... AT&T gave ALL previous iPhone owners an early upgrade option. Why? To lock people into a 2 year contract... a 2 year contract that would prevent people from jumping ship to a better carrier come January :) Can't wait for my VZW iPhone 4! I was being sarcastic. The cliché uber nerd is a guy who lives in his mothers' basement, drowns himself in mountain dew, and worships some kind of super hot girl with an axe or sword. You've misunderstood me. I wasn't implying that woman could not be programmers, I was joking that clearly the guys who made this demo ARE programmers because they're fitting that stereotype. You're right... unfortunately most of the mobile device manufacturers out there are still in their mode of creating tons of devices one after another, forgetting about the older ones. They're all scrambling to compete with Apple, but they're completely missing this. Follow the In-N-Out philosophy... do one thing really well and then keep doing it. So many handsets these days are utter garbage. They're all more or less leapfrogging each other with a few pixels there, a few GHz there, +1 MP on the camera. Of course the carriers aren't helping. They all just want to sell units. It's a mess. I'm happy with my Nexus One and T-Mobile for now :) Hmm that's interesting. I've never had an issue with a big project, but if I'm looking at a 250mb SQL dump it chokes up quite a bit. Fortunately I don't do that too often :) There will always be a need for vim! Hmmm, "scaling" WordPress is an incredibly simple thing to do. Caching and a modern stack is all you need. If you view the source of all of their featured clients and scroll to the bottom you'll see that they're all running the free W3 Total Cache plugin. Throw any of those sites on a commodity host like (mt) or even GoDaddy, with the same plugin, and your users will have a nearly identical experience. I don't doubt that they're offering a good service, but you can achieve this on your own with the a cache plugin and a reliable hosting service. In todays modern VPS world, $49 and $99 (WP Engine pricepoints) will get you a pretty beefy VPS. This post is indeed a bit vague on the details, and does feel like a post piece. A disclaimer should have been at the bottom :P Also, I am curious to know if they're using mod_php with Apache, or FastCGI. The latter of which is more secure. At that point, however, I wonder why they just wouldn't use Nginx + FastCGI for everything and eliminate Apache altogether. At the opposite side of the spectrum, it does look like they have a few other nice features like being able to snapshot your site and modify things in a staging area, separate from visitors. They don't go into too much detail regarding their backup system, but anything is better than nothing. Interesting to see a new service like this in the WP arena. Hopefully WP is rewritten in fully OOP PHP5 so that developers can be happier, with some elite caching at the core. For now, it's totally burned me out. Plastic touch screen? Did they change them half-way thru production? Mine is made of glass (it feels like glass, at least) and doesn't have a single scratch on it. It still looks new, and I ordered it on launch day. The EVO is gigantic and those of us who have had the pleasure of using both Sense UI and the vanilla Android OS for an extended amount of time tend to agree that Sense is a bit too much. As I quoted in a previous article of mine, "It feels a lot like desktop Linux: unpolished, but covered in gloss." Link: http://whalesalad.com/blog/incredible-vs-nexus-one/ I'm embarrassed by the LA scene. A majority of that post is Mahalo, which doesn't count, or companies who have already made it. MySpace isn't really a great item either. Let's put it this way... I wouldn't go work for any of those companies. What do you mean are we? Objective-j does run on Android (aka, Droids as people are beginning to refer to them thanks to Verizon's marketing)... it runs on anything. It lives inside of the web browser. The "j" in Objective-J stands for JavaScript :) Any half-decent browser will run Objective-J applications. Motorola's move has nothing to do with the technology and everything to do with the people. As someone commented earlier, Motorola just gained one hell of a web team. Woah, their blog is powered by drupal. Odd. I guess their entire "about.digg.com" is probably Drupal. Looks like they're not doing a very good job scaling it :) WP-Super-Cache. WordPress can't handle traffic for shit. Funny enough, I'm in the group that thinks EVERYONE is incompetent and absolutely worthless until they prove themselves to me. This might not be as big of a deal in the bay area where tech is a bigger deal, but here in LA there are posers everywhere. We ask candidates in interviews to hand-code a front-end page, assuming that is the position they're applying for. Some will actually be able to write markup on a piece of paper, which is a pretty stressful test. "Code this page, here." (slides pen and paper) But a lot of people end up saying something like "Oh well I'd just throw a div here, throw a div there." It's literally a joke. I've had to stop laughing in meetings. We'll ask a rails developer what kind of stack he's familiar with, and they'll look at you like a deer in the headlights. I don't go into an interview with a woman assuming she wont be nearly as good. In fact, right now the ladies are 1 for 1. Unfortunately she's no longer working with us due to some family issues. A lot of the guys we've interviewed are actually quite literally living in their parents basements and building porn websites with their buddies. I could care less what people do in their personal time but holy shit, make something of yourself. Anyway, this doesn't really side with either particular argument in this whole man/woman debate, I just personally have gotten so jaded with worthless people who have no skills or drive whatsoever that their sex doesn't matter. Wow this is the ugliest thing I have ever seen. This is like re-creating the hell that is Powerpoint presentations on the web. List points fading in? Ars to the rescue: http://arstechnica.com/science/news/2009/06/study-powerpoint... Seriously I'd never send this to anyone, I'd be embarrassed. I'd argue that engineers should only "design" so much as they feel comfortable. If you have a decent sense of laying things out, stick to a nice minimalist grid. If you feel you have a decent idea of what fonts look great together, contrast serif and sans-serif fonts, sizes, weights, etc... and there ya go. If you're just throwing a gradient here, a border there, a glow there, etc... then you're just shooting blind. Hmm... seems like (although this guy seems pretty technical) he's also been jaded by a few specific edge cases and made generalized decisions based on those edge cases that prevented him from finding a proper solution to the problem. (This sentence is full of fail, but that's how it streamed out of my head, sorry in advance) I'd call him a "noob" in my circle of friends. A lot of people will tell you "you can't do this and that and the other with X, Y, or Z platform" when the truth is, you can. I was immediately turned off when he said that Leopard was a step backwards in the OS X world. I've never heard something so absurd in my entire life. Every OS that Apple has released has become exceptionally better each and every time. I'd hate my life if I was stuck on an old PPC Tiger machine. Everything Dell is doing is Android 1.5... they're WAY behind the curve. People need to wake the hell up and realize that the most important part of their devices is the EXPERIENCE, not the bells and whistles. They won't even remotely be able to compete on the experience front without Android 2.2. I think if digg changed their entire concept around into one that takes all of the news and combines stories into threads, ala techmeme, they'd be a king again. I'd love to have the stories from TC, read write web, and all the other blogs on a particular topic consolidated into one story with links to the externals, an intelligent description created from all the posts combined, and maybe even a little meter to weigh the particular blogs/sites involved. Right now Digg is just adding to the information overload. I think we're all pretty exhausted with information. I'll see something pop up on twitter, I'll see it here as well, or on my RSS reader from another site. We're all talking about similar things. We need a global sort of decentralized "permalink" concept. Digg has the resources to do this. They can "digg" the web, instead of me digging stories. They'll find out what's hot via continuing user submissions, observing the twittersphere, popular blogs, etc... and then report to me a summary of everything regarding, for example, OpenSolaris being canned. Yet another chaotic "stream of conciousness" comment from me... but I'm just getting the discussion going. EDIT: this could work for everything... I obviously care mostly about tech and shy away from politics, but it would be cool to have all topics of a particular issue, with their weight on the political spectrum. Just another example. I'm so sad that Google lags on deploying these features to the apps accounts. I'd love a "Give me all Gmail features, when they happen" option for my Google apps account. But, don't even get me started on how effed up the integration with all of that is. I want michael@whalesalad.com to be my google ID, not some random gmail address I had to create. UGH. I actually own a license, but I never enjoyed it. Get rid of mod_php, replace it with a nice build of php-fpm (included in 5.3 actually) tied to nginx via fastcgi. Bam. Nginx will handle all static content SUPER fast while keeping an incredibly small memory footprint, while passing dynamic requests to the PHP side of things via fastcgi. Example of one of my nginx configuration files, for a Wordpress site: http://paste.pocoo.org/show/256982/ This will only do so much, but I suspect it will solve a great deal of your problems. The final bit of advice that I can give is to look into any caching modules for Drupal. Simple disk caching will do the trick, just something to prevent lots of DB reads. I'm unfamiliar with Drupal, but I'd imagine there are loads of modules out there that can assist with caching. McDonalds has more marketshare than In-N-Out, and a bigger menu. However, the people eating at In-N-Out are having a much better experience enjoying their vastly more delicious food :) Who's idea was it to use Papyrus in the homepage slider?! I think any titles period will hurt your startup. Who has the biggest dick? Who fucking cares? I can't stand titles... whoop-dee-doo you're an art director. Diggin' the app :) My OCD took over and couldn't stand having the simple HN icon in my launcher so I took the pleasure of making one :) I did two variants. One is a bit more traditional, while the other matches the name of the app more. V1: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/104495/HN/hndroid_app_icon.png V2: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/104495/HN/hndroid_app_icon_variant_2... In the spirit of open source, here is the PSD: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/104495/HN/hndroid_app_icon.psd By the way, I've never actually made a production Android app icon before so I don't know if you can just drop it in or not but enjoy :) I do use LauncherPro :D The pro version actually! Great $2.99 app on Android. Sell your car? I'm not using one in a production web environment, but my Macbook Pro has one in it now and it's phenomenal. Photoshop boots up in quite literally 3 seconds or less (cold startup) and every other action imaginable is noticeably quicker. I used to feel like browsing files in the Finder was slower than it was for me on my old Windows XP machines but eventually I got used to it. I use keyboard navigation as well, so it felt even slower. (For anyone interested, arrow keys, and command+downarrow to open a folder, command+uparrow to go to the parent folder). Now that I've got an SSD as a boot drive, navigating the Finder is significantly faster. It feels so quick. Folders open instantly. When I got my development environment up and running (nginx, uwsgi, django, mysql, etc...) I noticed that code compiles wayyy quicker too. Love it! For the record... I've got the Intel X-25M, second generation. It's only 80GB (they're pricey!) so I also picked up an MCE Optibay which is basically a hollowed out superdrive that lets you mount an additional HD where your DVD drive sits. It also includes an external enclosure so that you can put your otherwise useless SATA DVD drive to use via USB. So now my MBP has two drives in it, an 80gb ssd to boot off of and a 320gb regular drive for bulk storage (media, photos, etc..) Gotta give credit where credit is due... Paul Stamatiou's blog came in handy a few times with aiming me in the right direction with this. Here is a nifty article from his blog, which describes most of what I did other than the RAID part (which I did not do). http://paulstamatiou.com/how-to-apple-macbook-pro-raid-0-arr... Android has made great strides in market share, but that's about it. Have you used a Droid 2? They're loaded with bloatware now... it's like buying a Dell PC. My buddy keeps asking me, "How can I remove this stupid blockbuster app??" Keep in mind... Blockbuster just filed for Bankruptcy... http://arstechnica.com/media/news/2010/09/blockbuster-offici... Android is a joke. I love my Nexus One... but Apple is still delivering the best mobile experience. AT&T is without a doubt the only downside to the iPhone. While Apple is strong-arming carriers with insane sales and joyous fans, Android devices are getting worse and worse to try and make every little device unique. One has a 5mp camera, one has a 8mp camera, one has two LED's for flash, the other only has one, blah blah blah they're all the same! I have been vying for the Android underdog for too long now and I for one am VERY anxious to see the iPhone on CDMA, because I'll finally be able to get back to using a terrific platform on a solid network. http://forrst.com/ might be slightly more valuable, then again, I never use it. Hmm... this is a separate issue altogether but what is up with the "Gap Inc." site? It has zero branding whatsoever... I'd have assumed it was a domain landing page if it wasn't for the link being posted here. So ironic that it's powered by ASP. Wow I am incredibly impressed by this, great work to the DocumentCloud team! I can't wait to throw this into real-life use... it looks like everything I could ever want in a framework. I too am a jQuery developer, but not your typical one. I tend to avoid slapping plugins together and write most of my own things from scratch, in my own pythonic classical style. I also tend to use the little jQuery helper methods and CSS selector tools purely as an interface to the DOM. The hard work is all done via classes, which drastically reduces the code that I write. I see other not-so-skilled jQuery script kiddies out there piecing together documents full of $('#blah') this and $('#bloo') that with little regard for chaining or simplifying things. I digress, as that is not the demographic for this wonderful library of code. Here is an example of what kind of code I have been writing as of late: http://dpaste.de/pKOi/ -- as you can see, there is a small bit if boilerplate required and a 'var self = this' inside of each class method that is required. That's more for my own personal style actually, to help with preventing loss of 'this' scope down the road. Anyway... over time this code just sort of piles up and it would be nicer to 1) have a better way to define and organize it all, and 2) all of the great model/collection/validation stuff looks excellent! Evented programming is brilliant to, and the fact that a thousand pieces of code can all stay in sync thru events is just fantastic. Totally! I can't wait to replace my own internal model classification stuff with this (or at least play around with it in that sense) to go along with jQuery. I've become accustomed to the jQuery way of handling the DOM so it's nice to see something agnostic to that. I'd rather avoid a one-size-fits-all js library to be honest ;) http://salad.ww.com CNAME to whalesalad.com please! :D I love the little dongle that it comes with as a "software reinstall" -- http://i.imgur.com/Hj8zt.png Honestly, does anyone use Opera? Reminds me of Genki Rockets, which also has a "vocaloid" singer synthesized from a couple of female singers. I first found out about this sort of think when I was working for Henk Rogers (Tetris mogul) down in Honolulu. The office was always full of really big names from Japan, like the guys from Square Enix, Nintendo, etc... The guys that made Lumines II were in the office playing some sick blu-ray footage of a Genki Rockets concert and from that moment on I was hooked. The DJ was wearing an astronaut suit and there was a hologram projection of Lumi singing and dancing above the crowd. So sick! Here is a link to Genki Rockets -- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genki_Rockets Here is a link for those interested :) http://getcharmed.com/ DEBUG = False Oh man I can't believe that the author wrote "iTouch" -- makes me cringe. I think the main reason they don't have a Linux player is that their current offering is based on Silverlight. I made about 10k off sales from a WordPress theme over the course of about a year. Not that much money, but it's a GREAT feeling to wake up in the morning and see money in your account. I'd be walking through the mall with my girlfriend at the time and tell her, "just sold a premium copy! want ice cream?" Very, very motivating. It gets to the point that you get a "taking-candy-from-a-baby" feeling that leads you to really try and improve your product day-after-day, to keep your initial customers happy, and to get more sales. So, I agree that a niche software product you're actually passionate about will help. I happened to be in a fortunate position where a demand existed for a one-off product I had created a while back, all I had to do was fill the void. Customers were already looking to me for it. I feel like a total fucking idiot for not doing it sooner. I could have made probably 3x the money, just guestimating. Find something that inspires you personally, because that is what will push you to completing it. I got laid off from a startup position that was caving in. I had a small severance to live off of, and had always wanted to build this idea. Unfortunately while at the startup I was also working on a second one on the side (death, I know) so I never really had time to do anything but those two things. Getting laid off was perfect. I sprinted as hard as I possibly could for 3 weeks, designing, coding, and building a sale site with a mini activation server. It was loads of fun. It was also very exciting to look back on those three weeks and realize that I had done a great job making the right decision when hit with a small road block. Asking myself things like, "Where does this fit with the 80/20 rule? Can I launch this feature in a second update a week later? Do I need it at all? Oh, wait, these two features can easily be combined into one. The technology behind the two won't be nearly as cool, but users will probably prefer it." All of that, I feel, is what lead to my success. Getting the product out as soon as possible, without cutting any essential corners. We've all heard it before, but living it was great. I guess I pretty much built my own "nano" startup. Damnit, now I want to do it again. http://whalesalad.com/tasty Original price was $29, and there was a Premium variant for $49. Eventually the source that was pushing so many customers to my site stopped using the theme herself, and my traffic/sales died substantially. I figured, "It had a good run, time to move on) so lowered the price to capture more of the trailing edge. vhosts + /etc/hosts ;) My work projects are blahproject.zg (as I work at a place called ZehnerGroup), personal projects are blahproject.dev. BTW, for those interested in my stack (thats what she said?) I run uWSGI locally right now for all my django stuff, proxied to Nginx. Back in the day it was apache + mod_python, then apache + mod_wsgi, but I love nginx on my local laptop as it uses almost zero memory. Agreed. I really dislike all of these grand claims that x service is the future of y. It's just stack overflow applied to handle any topic. It's theoretically identical, but it allows for discussion on any topic rather than just technical topics. Cache the hell out of it! I'd spend all of my time looking into caching mechanisms for Rails right now. Yeah, thats most likely due to the retail employees. I made $13 per hour at the Apple Store in Ala Moana, Hawaii and only worked part-time. Pocket change. Mirror: http://static.whalesalad.com/north_korea/ I adore my extra server headers. Adds a few bytes, whateva. % curl -I http://static.whalesalad.com/north_korea/ HTTP/1.1 200 OK Server: nginx/0.6.32 Date: Fri, 28 Jan 2011 23:44:45 GMT ... Content-Type: text/html X-Fueled-By: Plankton X-Special-Sauce: Django Accept-Ranges: bytes Hmm. Trust your gut feeling. Based on what you've written here, it doesn't seem like you or your partner are truly interested in doing this. It's a nice feather in your cap (the offer) but I would certainly avoid selling out until the cards are in your favor. Don't let yourself believe that because they're a large tech company they can put an offer down and you have to accept it. Don't take it just because it came along, take it because you want it. You wouldn't date a girl (or guy) you weren't interested in just because it fell in your lap would you? Well... of course you might , but think about it. Also, I wouldn't get too anxious about the timeframe here. They've been courting you for 1.5 months, I can't see their offer and all that you guys have worked towards suddenly vanishing. They might have 8 figures they're willing to send your way, which gives an impression that they have the upper hand, but they're buying YOUR product, you have just as much leverage if not more. Take the time to think it through, write down the pro's and con's and compare the lists. It sounds to me like you've sort of convinced yourself it is a bad idea, and you're putting that on the shelf at the sake of naiveté to find help from more experienced people. That's definitely a good thing, but I think that in the end this is really going to come down to how it will make the two of you feel. You'll fucking hate your guts if you walk away from selling your profitable 5 year old company if you're not completely happy with this. Oh, funny. I thought the flaw would have been that they're running Windows. flamesuit on, ready for downvotes I don't know how The "Startup" "Foundry" is going to "take on" "TechCrunch" with their "unnecessary" quoting. :( http://www.unnecessaryquotes.com/ Why the hell am I being downvoted? They used unnecessary quotes (amateur mistake) in their title, and a previous mention on the HN homepage suggested they were going for the jugular of TC. I don't personally know anyone who dislikes Skype 5 for Mac. I love it. There are complainers in this world, but indeed as most have described this is a drop in the ocean of Mac Skype users. I can count at least 4 people who love it, and no one has told me they dislike it. Not gonna lie those looks sick. I also really liked using the Windows Phone interface, when I played around with it in a T-Mobile store the other day. I prefer it to Android. I was an iPhone 3G user for a while, then went to the darkside with a MyTouch 3G, then Nexus One, and yesterday I picked up a VZW iPhone 4. I can honestly say that with due time for developers to get up to speed with Windows Phone... it will offer a much nicer experience than Android. I still think that Apple does it best though, and adore this new VZW iPhone. Hmm.. why not use something similar to like Django/Jinja syntax? {{ x }} for variable related items, and {% %} for logic related if/else/ifnotequal etc... things. Nice! Something finally exists for those of us in So Cal! http://i.imgur.com/prFIq.jpg (via the TV show CSI, haha) I love UI reproductions in TV shows... this looks like a glorified Winamp plugin for doing reverse ip lookups hah. Uhhh San Fernando Valley is a region of Southern California. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Fernando_Valley "The Valley" has different meanings to different folks. Her number? giggity. Uhh...? http://grab.by/98T3 Totally broken. Solved the puzzle with a couple lines of Python ;) Unfortunately, I won't be attending SXSW this year. Boo. If someone can solve that puzzle, I'll teach you all the hacks I know. I have been using uWSGI both locally and in production environments for a little while now and love it. I haven't been able to give it a complete workout yet as the "production" environments I am using it in are for sites that are only in beta testing.. but it's doing really well. I am a django dev, and use uWSGI and nginx locally on my Mac for all my sites. I do this rather than using the built-in server to try and keep my dev/prod environments similar. Luckily nginx has support for uWSGI out of the box, with a couple of configuration lines you can point to a port or socket and be up and running in no time. An Apple representative told us after the iPad 2 announcement that iOS 4.3 won't be coming to the Verizon iPhone anytime soon because it had just launched, but that the OS versions will likely converge sometime in the future. =( Also, for blind people? Everything is jumbo sized. Howzit! I lived down there for a few years and miss it dearly. Remember seeing that place a lot but never went inside. Hope your family and the restaurant are safe. I have a lot of friends down there as well. I actually wish that I could be there for this, the last time there was a tsunami warning (almost a year ago exactly) I was out of town on the mainland =/ FINALLY! Thank you so much! The base jQuery UI stuff is not very good at all. Yes, this reads an awful lot like an optimistic (and naive) kindergartner's first day at school. Interesting look inside nonetheless.. I enjoyed it. But, indeed, I too felt kinda odd after reading all of it. Would have been nice to link instead to the release notes for this version. I assumed that something amazing had happened since the last one, but it's nothing too mindblowing. Link to release notes: http://sourceforge.net/projects/phpmyadmin/files%2FphpMyAdmi... I'm guessing this just goes into a spreadsheet, and at the end of the survey the results will be parsed into some kind of blog post. Hideous. What the hell it's written in node.js and coffeescript. Color me impressed. I'm now motivated to tackle this for python. Beautiful UI. My first Tapbots app. Very impressed. I wish it had native push notifications and landscape support though =/ Will be using it as my primary client for a bit though, to see how it goes. Ugh why the fuck did it steal all of my file associations. It looks a lot like python + javascript. My first thought after reading the beginnings of his bulleted list: PHP? Haha. Still reading. It feels almost surreal to be reading the brain dump // stream of consciousness of someone who's created something so great. He talks just like you or I. Very fascinating. I often wonder why people would use anything other than Python for doing real work. Such a fantastic language! I admit I am somewhat of a fanboy but I feel like it's for a good reason. The language is so easy to read, like reading a sentence. I cannot recall who said this (I want to say Steve Jobs) but its something on the lines of "something is only perfect when there is nothing left to take away" .. The fact that Python is missing so many of the crazy symbols and reads more like natural language while still being able to do so much gives me reason to believe it's one of tue greatest scripting languages around, and certainly clowns on Scala for these examples. I really wonder why people continue to write web apps in PHP for example. Whoa... I haven't heard the word 'InstallShield' in YEARS! thanks for hitting me with a thick whiff of nostalgia haha. Seriously the questions they asked were just ridiculous. Tim Ferris talks about cold showers a lot in his 4 hour body book. Lately i've been 1) avoiding masturbation and 2) taking a hot shower followed immediately by full cold. I feel like I have more energy throughout the day, I'm more aggressive, and more confident. I've also started to eat brazil nuts. Cold showers (cold in general) stimulate fat loss. I always feel amazing after getting out of the cold too... like the wind was just completely knocked out of me. Almost like a high. Here are some resource, but again, it's a major theme in the 4-hour body book. http://www.stevepavlina.com/forums/health-fitness/58335-cold... http://www.lisajohnsonfitness.com/the-4-hour-body-thoughts-o... Hmm. Am I the only person who actually likes it? I mean, to me it looks very incomplete but I really like the design concept with the pixel art and pixel gradients everywhere. The site as it is right now looks like dogshit to me, so this is pretty refreshing. Engadget looks marvelous as well. I'd like to give these guys the benefit of the doubt and assume it's a work in progress. I went to high school with a lot of people who weirded me out. This one particular breed was a combination of a lack of social skills, misogyny, and self pity. I always wondered what would happen to people like them... now I know they're making video games for Gearbox. Call lulzsec as fast as you possibly can! /sarcasm Hmm. A lot of you are comparing Chrome and Firefox in a way that many of us understand... but what I cannot understand is why you'd need any of the additional stuff. I like Chrome because it's... just chrome. A clear, transparent, and simple view into the web. I don't need all kinds of crap cluttering that up, even when I am developing. The Webkit inspector is terrific. No need to ever fire up Firefox ever. It would be awesome to have this as a more native component of modern webservers. I built something recently using Flask to do this for a client of mine. See it in action here: http://files.arbesko.com/ And get the source on github! https://github.com/whalesalad/arbesko-files Please keep in mind this was my first Flask app and I was doing it more as a fun experiment for a friend I had done work for in the past. I gave up on RSS... I get most of my news through Twitter and HN actually. YES! I am exhausted from a long run and cannot articulate my thoughts clearly but just as an example, I try and overload my Django models with as much logic as I possibly can. Add tons of functions for fetching attributes, use @property(s) and make use of custom managers or queryset subclassing when you can. If you spend the time to "fatten" (as this article mentions) up your models, your views and the actual nitty-gritty glue holding your app together will be MUCH simpler and easier to follow. Let your models do the heavy lifting! Google+ is not sexy. No one thinks Facebook is sexy. My mom doesn't think it's sexy. My mom doesn't think the electrical company is sexy either. Neither does my sister, or my girlfriend, or my roommate. They are all tools for communication and some are better than others. I think most of this Google+ noise is just fanboys who are glad to have something new. I'm all for competition but Google+, to me, is not very impressive at all. I'll use whatever tool those people I mentioned above are using... because that's all that really matters. Just a heads up we do async chat all the time here at my office, but we use Skype instead of Campfire. I don't want anyone to feel like they need to pay a monthly fee to get that service. Skype does persistent chat, you can add people to rooms and they remain persistent as well. You can 'favorite' rooms to keep them sort of pinned in one spot in your list of active convos. It's handy. http://cl.ly/2d3d1M072M1H1h3P1A0i http://hea.thebus.org -- honolulu does it! Try stop ID's like 2088 or 297 (right by the university of hawaii) Thanks, giving this a shot now. The first one is BRILLIANT. I've been wanting this forever. The one thing that I miss from being a Windows user back in the day. Hard to believe that I bought my TM license on October 19th 2006. It's been 5 years! I'm looking forward to another 5 years with TM2. I wouldn't consider the (mt) servers 'cloud', but rather just as you said it, shared. I too hate the cloud term, for reasons mentioned above (by jread). Right off the bat you guys need to spend a teeny weency bit of time and rebrand yourselves. The logo reminds me of a counter-strike clan from 2001. I know a lot of this will be up to the architecture and specific nature of each app... but has anyone recently compared a modern MySQL and Postgresql installation on a few baseline metrics? I'd love to see the differences. I am starting to use it more and more, being a Django developer surrounded by Postgres users. But, so far the core differences are scaring me away. psql template1? It doesn't make as much sense to me. Moral of the story: If you're on SVN right now, abandon it as soon as possible. Moving even a 2000 commit repo is no fun, especially when there are more developers involved. Definitely a talent acquisition. Gowalla has always been absolutely gorgeous, through all of it's various designs. I could never really use it for a long period of time though, because it was only useful with fellow web-dev like friends. In the real world, I think it's pretty useless. Unlike something like Twitter, which managed to grow some legs and start gaining traction with virtually everyone in the world. I'm excited to see what these guys can do at FB. Also, does anyone else find it amusing that CNN broke this news and there isn't a single mention of it anywhere on TechCrunch? I dislike your lack of humility and modesty in this discussion. You may be correct in your A point, but "just hiring a couple of engineers/designers/product folks" remark makes it sound like you guys are some elite squad, and FB is picking up some stragglers to join their team. I can see why you've taken this attitude though, since commenters here are attacking Foursquare and making you seem like you lost to Gowalla+FB, but there is really no need to say these things in HN. "I'm an atheist and I want a refund because someone put a Christian bible in my hotel room. Why are you laughing?" Zing. Very good example. I could not agree with this more. I really love the Path UI and played with it for a few days, but I just uninstalled it entirely from my iPhone because I was tired of being notified on two separate social networks. I had to decide, "Where should I check-in?" or "Where should I post this photo?" and it all came down to my 10 or 12 'nerd' friends on Path vs. my large circle of friends on Facebook. That decision is what killed it for me. Other job postings for the same company: ~160 days ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2736780 ~130 days ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2863043 My gut keeps telling me it's turntable.fm I've never understood the intensely nested folder structure of Java apps. See: http://c.boxd.in/2S3X3n1s0x3d042j2A09 Or, why is the code at: spring-backbone-todo/src/main/java/org/resthub/todo All the time. If something is incredibly useful, probably not. If it's not something I depend on though, I'll get rid of it real quick. Easier to read: http://www.instapaper.com/text?u=http%3A%2F%2Fmichaeltrier.c... So the net cost for the tip was about $22k. I paid for the vast majority of this with one month's consultancy beforehand. That's crazy when you think about it, one month's consultancy in return for a year traveling. And I certainly didn't hold back with the budget, I met a lot of people doing it for much cheaper. Where there's a will, there's a way. One consulting gig, $22,000. I really need to get on this level! Was a fantastic read, especially since I have a lot of respect for Alex due to some of his great work. That Mark Twain quote really hit home. I recently decided that I need to do the same thing actually. I'm sick of the USA, of the people here, their attitudes, etc.. (I am in LA). Ready to get out and experience the rest of the world. I leave for Sweden on Feb 24th! My first time out of the country! Indeed. It's convenient for me. I'll certainly freeze my ass off, but I am looking forward to experiencing some intense winter. Plus, I'll be doing some consulting work for a long time client of mine on site, which will be refreshing. I'm primarily excited for a taste of new culture, a break from the shitstorm that I feel like my life is right now, and hopefully a new outlook on life. Can you explain why this is a bad thing? Obviously when you're at the scale of 37Signals... you're gonna roll this stuff yourself. But! I don't want people here to get discouraged about using 3rd party services. I too am guilty of "NIH syndrome" or the need to reinvent the wheel all the time. I've setup mail infrastructure. It's not pretty, and it's actually not necessary any more. I've been using Postmark for a while now and it's been fantastic. They provide a great admin interface with insight into what is being sent and why mail might not be getting delivered. The setup process is very simple (none of the downsides 37signals mentions... ) you essentially add some SPF and DKIM DNS entries and you're off to the races. I thought Apache had died a long time ago? I haven't used it in a production environment in years. Nginx + php-fpm for WordPress. Hell, you can use any web server you want with some kind of decent caching plugin like wp-super-cache and you'd be able to host this on a $6/mo GoDaddy account. WordPress is SO easy to make work, I am totally shocked you're spending $2,500 a year to host your site. What a tremendous waste of money. Oh no it looks horrible. Short link: http://bit.ly/hndefense It's down for me as well in Sweden. Using an SSH tunnel right now to my Linode box to access it. This also came in handy last night for watching Die Hard on Netflix :) If anyone is interested in how this works, there are hundreds of things online that explain it, but here it is in a gist: SSH to your server using the -D flag, so in my case it's "ssh -D 8080 whalesalad.com" At this point, you've got a local SOCKS proxy running on 127.0.0.1:8080. I typically use Chrome, so when doing proxied stuff I rely on Firefox as it can have it's own proxy settings. In Firefox, open prefs and go to Advanced > Network > Settings... (For, 'Configure how Firefox should connect to the Internet') Choose manual proxy config, SOCKS Host is 127.0.0.1 and port is 8080 (or whatever port you specify with your ssh -D command) Save everything and visit something like ipchicken.com to confirm that your browser appears to be tunneling traffic through your server. Voila! Netflix, Hulu, Facebook, everything works. My friend also used this while he was in China to access everything. i p.s. as I write this, 9:02AM in Sweden, FB is back. tldr; 'Scaling' WordPress is simple. Install a caching plugin like WP Super Cache. WP gets a bad rap because it seems to spit out the oh so unattractive "Error Connecting to Database" message under the slightest load. Perhaps it's inefficient, i'm not sure why it seems to die so easily. But... good news is, there is a simple solution. WP renders everything dynamically on every request. It fetches the post from the DB each time you load the page. But, more often than not, the content is only going to change when 1) you write a new post, or 2) a comment is made to a post. A simple caching plugin solves this. It will render the page with a specific timeout (3600 seconds is default I think?, 1 hr) and then just serve up that HTML rather than hitting the DB. This will solve 99% of your problems. I've never really seen a WP site die when used with something like this. Duh, because it's just static HTML at that point haha. Combine this with a PHP cache like APC (my personal favorite opcode cache of the moment) and a fast webserver like nginx, and you're gonna pretty much survive anything. Uhh am I the only one here who isn't planning on reading too deeply into this? Seems like TSA got pwnt by lulzsec or anonymous? I hope she wins. I cannot stand the things that our government are getting away with these days. It was founded with the ideal of complete personal freedom, and now it seems as though everyone is starting to go "woah woah okay okay yeah that was fun for a while but now you're all fucked." Hmm can someone please edit this to remove the #comments hash from the URL? :D That was my first thought too: http://c.wsld.me/1N0d1K1V2q1m2Z0R0F1C They're innovating and making products we've never seen before. I don't understand the aim of this article. Is Apple doing something wrong? If the argument is that you cannot replace glass/batteries/etc.. yourself then I don't agree at all. My mom isn't gonna replace anything on her iPad. She'll take it to the store and have them do it. Sure, I could do it. Sure, there are lots of non-hackers out there who are capable of doing it, but if we look at the 80/20 rule here (which I feel applies) the vast majority of people wouldn't service their iPad even if it was a bit easier than it is now. One thing that has always killed me in regards to non-Apple laptops is the touchpad. Everyone does it wrong. By this I mean that they're small and not very sensitive, the attempts to integrate scrolling are janky. Anyone care to comment on the current status of that? A lot of people dislike Apple but the subtle things like this are what keep me here. It's so simple to scroll and click and right click with just light and simple taps. Is it primarily a software issue? OSS hasn't caught up? I think it would be way cooler to have something float in international waters and use tidal/wave power to keep running. I guess that would be a lot easier to mess around with though. After skimming js/app.js, this does seem to be the case. I vote for a rename to phlask =) People need to fucking lighten up. I would not have said what they said on the site, but it really was a stupid joke. Everyone jumps to conclusions that we're all a bunch of misogynistic assholes. The problem is, you can't understand someone over the internet. You can't understand someone's apology or who they are or any of that. Worse, the majority of these people calling this issue out online would NEVER confront squoot in real life and raise these points. I make rude/crude/evil jokes to people all the time. Especially women friends of mine. But it's all in the spirit of being cocky/funny, and they love it. Do I believe men and women were created equally? Yes. Do I believe a woman should be able to do whatever the fuck she wants in this world, be it fighting fires or curing AIDS? Yes. Do I feel bad that my sister is hurt by dickwad ex boyfriends out there who lower her self esteem. Yes. Do I have 3 little sisters and hope they all grow up to be strong and independent individuals? Yes. But there ARE certain gender roles in this world, influenced not just by our society but by many, many things. Testosterone? Yeah, I have a lot more than most women. Why? I have a penis. We're different. We joke differently, we think differently. We need to appreciate each other for who we are. Part of that is realizing each others faults as well. If a bunch of girls started a hackathon and listed one of the items as "$1 to the community bucket for whoever doesn't put the seat down", I think I'd laugh at that (maybe a bad example). For the most part men and women are aware of their stereotypical flaws. Search for "Shit girls say" on youtube and admire the view count. I don't know a single girl who didn't completely piss her pants watching that. Sure, there are things that people should not say/do regarding women. For example, I'd beat the shit out of ANY guy I ever met who ever made even the slightest joke about rape. But then there are other things, like the stuff Sqoot said on their event page. Psh, just a harmless JOKE. Pick your battles people. Ugh. I'm ranting. This whole thing is just stupid though. Everyone needs to relax. I think most people feel the same way. This elitist circlejerk stuff is annoying. Dustin has a way of stating what is supposed to be gleaned. If you meet someone who is very charismatic and cool and has a great circle of friends, you might say to yourself "wow, that guy is pretty cool." On the other hand, if you meet someone who's kind of cool but then they flat out tell you "yeah me and my friends are pretty cool, we're kind of a big deal" then you're gonna think they're douchebags. It's false social proof. It's fake. In a similar light: If this "network" would have been put forth as some kind of synergistic combination of great content, cool ideas, new technologies, etc.. then the community would automatically judge them on those merits and give them the cool stamp. In this circumstance, however, this "elite" blogging network has, without any real honest credibility[1] just made the rest of the confident hackers in this world irritated. I don't think Nate set out specifically to plagarize Dustin's work. Rather, I think his primary goal was to send the message that so many people on HN and in our community think. And that is the message put forth by the parent comment to mine. [1] That being said, it's obvious that some of these guys are big parts of our current and modern web/startup ecosystem. I'm not faulting them specifically. Holy cow. $1M for SUCH a simple concept. Offering reliable WP hosting is about as easy as changing batteries in a smoke detector. Not bitter about this, rather, nicely done capitalizing on such a simple thing. This is great! I love how it aligns with the Django templating system as well =) Although I do agree that this might be better off a something that is framework independent. A while ago I posted an example on Forrst of how you might write a simple and pure-js shorten function: https://forrst.com/posts/JavaScript_Shorten_Function-1up While I certainly prefer iOS to Android ... it's really unfortunate that such a situation has emerged. I think the Android platform has only done good for our planet. Developers have more jobs, more interesting apps are being created, more devices are being sold, there are more powerful and less expensive devices in the smartphone world that are becoming popular in emerging markets and third world countries (don't quote me, but a nearly free Android handset in Nigeria?) Mobile is a paradigm shift. People are more and more connected while away from their homes and desks. Payments are going mobile. Also, Android is the biggest competitor to Apple. I'm certainly an Apple guy in all aspects, but I do appreciate competition in the market to keep everyone working hard and innovating. Sucks that Oracle will not consider any of that. That no terms could be reached out of simple goodheartedness. Oracle isn't losing money because of Android as far as I am concerned. There might be profit lost due to licensing, but it just feels wrong to me. I think currently the most convenient thing is to use HTTP internally and have something on the front end that does SPDY between end-user and server. Seems like SPDY would be beneficial as a replacement for HTTP everywhere though, because the payload for each request is smaller. However, SPDY seems to be optimized for the longer, higher latency, and slower connection between user and server rather than the faster internal connection between load balancers and servers. Finally, all SPDY communication is encrypted via TLS, so that process might add to a slowdown between internal systems. Guess we'll need to benchmark it and see! Looks like Apache and Jetty are the only supporters of this so far. And I'd never us Apache as a direct front-end. How'd you find this nugget? Perhaps Stripe would consider a login service. Create a Stripe account and rather than it be a full blown Payment service ala Paypal, it would simply store your CC details. I too have heard nothing but good things about Stripe. I've recently started a partnership with a good friend of mine in Sweden to build some apps together. I wanted to use Stripe but soon found out that it would not work outside of the US =( This made me chuckle. Unfortunately most of the people on HN will probably take it the wrong way. Ads like this in the center of the article really detract from the read =( http://wsld.me/G4q5 I came here to comment just this. I downloaded it for fun and was stoked to see manage.py! Interesting indeed to explore others' conventions. I particularly like settings as a module. One thing I tend to avoid, however (of course this is just my personal taste) is templates in each sub-app. I feel like at that point there are just too many nested directories. I'd rather have one global templates dir for the entire project. How often do you take an app, drop it somewhere, and never modify it? I stick to "my way" because I always end up modifying the hell out of templates. I can hack/design for hours without even knowing it while listening to Kap Slap. It also helps you run a 5K faster than you might have originally imagined :) Anyone who likes remixes/house/dubstep I'd encourage you check it out! The spring break mix is an hour long and it's full of goodies. http://soundcloud.com/kapslap/kap-slap-spring-break-mix p.s. I'm only evangelizing this stuff so much because honestly if I set out to run 10k I'll listen to this and it will help me get there more than anything else. Or if I wanna kill a new comp or a handful of bugs, [PLAY] and it sucks me in like a vortex. Porter Robinson's new single, Language, is phenomenal. Thanks for these links! Awesome! Sub'd. Here is mine: http://open.spotify.com/user/whalesalad/playlist/6nRqAHIzMFd... This is incredibly awesome. Very excited about this. Hopefully we'll see more cool stuff getting merged in via pull requests. "Unable to lookup user whalesalad" =( Sweet! There is a difference between upload and publish. The app might be uploading the photo in the background, but that's to get it over the wire to instagram. The publish isn't being made (aka, the photo being visible to anyone) until you complete the upload process. Wow. 17. I still have a Fedora 1 DVD from way back in the day. Crazy to think that it's progressed so far! I was fireball'd once as well. It was the most intense traffic I had ever gotten haha. Surprisingly my homebrew django blogging platform with zero caching whatsoever held up fabulously! Congrats! The funny thing is, as far as I can tell, these are the only two widespread uses of BitTorrent. 1) Pirating movies, music, etc... 2) Downloading Linux distributions. Indeed I have noticed this. I think it's great technology and more services should be using it. The Blizzard case is a great example of it being used pretty transparently/behind-the-scenes. I'd love to hear more non-transparent cases though. I genuinely cannot think of a time i've used it aside from stealing an album or grabbing debian. I like your analogy. I just imagine that Rob Dyrdek kickflip and the space shuttle doing the same thing like a whale breaching in the sky haha. This is my favorite stack too. I usually use supervisord to handle uwsgi processes but this looks much more debian/ubuntu-like. Thanks for the write up. I like to think I am pretty experienced with Django/Python but it's ALWAYS fun to learn new things. Especially when sometimes it feels like a lot of the innovation and new stuff is occurring elsewhere (cough node) Not nearly as disappointing as the fact that Webkit has not become a standard in all browsers. We should all be working on a single rendering engine. Webkit has won, and should be the standard. People/organizations can continue to experiment on components of that. V8 vs Nitro etc... We'll just have beta/dev forks of Webkit that can eventually be merged back into the core. Browser fragmentation is fine. It's the rendering engines that are killing us. Looks good but I think this is still more like iWeb than a true hacker's editor. Too much GUI. It assumes you are dealing with more-or-less the LAMP stack and basic PHP websites. Also, I feel like this is kind of another example of do one thing well vs. do a lot of things decently well. If you're depending on one single app for your terminal, MySQL GUI, CSS editor, etc... it feels like bloat. Hand-holding development. Fisher Price. I think most hackers would rather use individual tools that might be more powerful and configurable. I don't know anyone using Coda except a friend who chickenscratches together jQuery scripts and pieces of PHP. He's not a craftsman. Just to be clear: Panic makes some great software and they're some really talented guys. I just dislike Coda. Just for fun: Textmate user for 5 years, have shifted to Sublime because I enjoy some of it's key commands better. They're very similar though. vim on the server. It's nice to see that two companies valued at >= $1 billion are running a Python/Django stack. #teampony I'm curious as to why you're switching. Care to share? I'm a long-time Django guy who's just been thrown into some Rails projects so I am going to be learning it shortly. I'm certainly not the easiest person to employ. Everyone I've ever worked with has told me that. This is a great reply. Thanks for the tips. I think I might do a little messing around this evening. There's a kabillion factors to consider though. With that many users, yes the exact implementation matters less and the ancillary systems and how they interact are more critical. But, building the platform, being able to iterate quickly and deliver robust functionality along the way is important as well. Not that Ruby hasn't, but Django and Python have really proved their worth with some of the heavy hitters recently. Instagram, Pinterest, FriendFeed, Disqus... It's an impressive roster. Touché ;) I mean really we're all just moving 1's and 0's around. I saw the same thing right away. Seems like the first item in the array would have to be used as a hash of key/index pairs to be used for the following items. I guess this would only be useful with large sets of data, the examples makes them look kind of silly =) So this: "users": [ {"first": "Homer", "last": "Simpson"}, {"first": "Hank", "last": "Hill"}, {"first": "Peter", "last": "Griffin"} ], Becomes: "users": [ ["first", "last"], ["Homer", "Simpson"], ["Hank", "Hill"], ["Peter", "Griffin"] ], I want to give this 10 upvotes. This is one of those things you only see on HN occasionally, and it's full of all kinds of awesome little nuggets. That command to get the count from the information_schema in and of itself is gold (I now know about the tee command) I've heard so many stories of people moving away from MongoDB once they reach scale like yours, I don't blame you. This website has always been a tremendous pain in the ass to use. I just want to update my location =( This is why Game of Thrones is the one of the most pirated TV shows of all time: http://torrentfreak.com/whos-pirating-game-of-thrones-and-wh... People are willing to pay, and they're not responding to customer demand. I think that the site is just down. I can't get it either. Yes. I want pictures. And I wanted pictures before I even realized she was a member of the opposite sex. The acronyms in the web-dev scene are going to become self aware soon and start running the world. Hah that's actually kinda funny. I was horrified when hearing this but after watching the video it's not so bad. I think we simply need to start calling people out in person regardless of their gender. If I saw "Dave" acting like this I'd pull him aside and set him straight. And if he couldn't pull his shit together i'd ask him to leave. And if he couldn't manage to do that, I'd help him leave. Not that your post is passive-aggressive, but we need to start being proactive about this. In all realms of life. Call people out on their shit or they're not going to change. Humans are weak to the pressures and influences of society. If we continue to stand there and allow certain behavior, they'll continue to do it. If you man up and call people on their crap, it might not work the first time but if enough people do, that person will eventually realize what they are doing is wrong. Well it's clear that they couldn't give two shits about the site. I wish the zoom slider existed too. Sometimes I cannot afford to use two hands to pinch-squeeze and it would be nice to adjust zoom level with one finger. I was hoping for new Mac Pro's this WWDC. These look to simply get a processor upgrade. No Thunderbolt. Yeah their pricing scheme is atrocious. The example really made me laugh out loud. If Heroku moved off of AWS they'd have better uptime and lower prices. At their size they need to be running and managing their own hardware. I'd use them more if it wasn't hundreds of dollars a month to host a few apps that might not be up when my customers are. I saw this a while ago and will actually be using it very shortly to deploy 3-4 internal apps on our own mini cloud. I love Heroku and can't stand all of the open source "alternatives" like Cloud Foundry. Yours is exactly what I wanted and I can't wait to really start using it and contributing via github! Thanks again! How the fuck do people tolerate Phoronix? I know they do good reporting and are awesome in the Linux community ... but good god browsing their website is like walking through an old minefield in Vietnam. Every other word opens a popover, popovers on load, popovers if you scroll. Look at the sidebar and an ad will appear somewhere. This is the most worthless chart I've ever seen. When would this be useful? It's roughly the same everywhere. Before I am downvoted into oblivion... honestly can someone explain to me when they would ever reference this chart? Give me one good example. Haha brilliant solution! My dad worked at the Skunk Works for 20 years. I used to love skimming through that book as a kid. I bought one on Amazon not too long ago and still love it. As a fresh transplant to Northern Virginia, this is pretty rad. Looking forward to this working in Fairfax county =) As a fresh transplant to Northern Virginia, this is pretty rad. Looking forward to this working in Fairfax county =) I think in order to prove PHP's worth we'll need to collectively redevelop a modern PHP webapp cookbook. I'd like to see something like that myself. I still enjoy writing PHP (partly due to nostalgia) despite it's wealth of flaws. Uhh. Rails on a mac is incredibly easy. And I'm a Django developer who's never really used it much. Got new MacBook Air. Install Xcode. Install homebrew. Install rbenv followed by ruby 1.9.x. gem install rails. Dunzo. SQLite comes with OS X. You can install Postgres pretty easily using homebrew. If you're gonna be a web developer and complain about something being more difficult than double-clicking an exe ... well then you might be doing it wrong. hah. My best friend (the kinda guy who will probably be the best man at my wedding) is Filipino. His family owns a brand new condo in Manila that's unoccupied for the next few years until his little sister is off to college. I can't tell you how many times I've thought about going down there with him and starting a company. From what he tells me, it's ridiculously cheap to live there. I can't imagine why you'd be on anything else. Especially as a user of Hacker News. I'm excited about this. Not because it's a beautifully simple web app that provides a helpful service to a lot of us. Rather, i'm excited to see the source of a simple and effective Flask app! I'll be using this as a reference point for some lightweight apps down the road =) Thank you! I don't even notice them. I don't notice ads on most sites unless it's the obnoxious ones. I actually don't even know how the cost-per-click ads generate revenue. I've never clicked one in my life. Simple needs to get their marketing gang together and do some damage assessment. Alex Payne is the sole reason so many have signed up for this service. At this point, I no longer have a reason to use it. My faith in their organization has also decreased drastically. I have an account with a few bucks in it, and I use it sparingly. I don't think i'd ever transition 100% to using it. I don't see the advantage to Simple's service to something like ING Direct. With ING I have everything that I get from Simple, but I can also send checks, have a paper ING checkbook, and a multitude of other free services (overdraft protection up to a few hundred bucks). The only thing that had me excited about Simple was Alex. I was very curious to see where he would lead the company in terms of cool bank tech. Now they've lost all of their mojo in my eyes, and I am sure the eyes of many. Now it's time for the marketing crew to come in and market the shit out of this platform to people like us. This is a cool project, but so far none of the music does it for me. My personal collection is a combination of the following: http://soundcloud.com/kapslap/ http://soundcloud.com/3lau/ http://soundcloud.com/r3hab/ http://soundcloud.com/morganpage/ All #winning. It's also great for running. There are also tons of free podcasts online. Above & Beyond's Trance Around the World is fantastic (2 hours, weekly, it's priceless). 3LAU does one. Last but CERTAINLY not least, Morgan Page puts out some sick beats. He's also really into clean energy lately, he just picked up a Tesla and is getting all kinds of solar panels installed on his house. Morgan Page also does a weekly podcast which I love. Again, don't mean to degrade the original post I just wanted to pipe in some of the stuff that really helps me get in the zone and jam :) Seeking an iOS/obj-c developer for a relatively simple app. To give you a brief idea: it's in the dating space. We're looking for someone to lend a hand with the development of the app. Hourly or project-based, really depends on you and how you might plan it out. We're cool/flexible young dudes who are very motivated and just need some extra help. We've got capital! Please send a bit about yourself (some projects you've worked on, resume, your github, anything goes) to michael [at] whalesalad [dot] com. It seems as though a lot of people are noticing some speed enhancements. I haven't quantified any of it, so my experience is all anecdotal, but I definitely notice the boost as well. The changes in Mountain Lion have been subtle, but I really love the upgrade. I performed a full disk backup which took the longest amount of time. The actual install (2012 MacBook Air) took like 15-20 minutes. If anyone is in doubt, definitely do yourself the favor and upgrade. Typically I am hesitant to do major OS upgrades due to things like python or ruby breaking most of my local websites ... everything works great! I had to modify some apache2 settings (I use the built-in webserver for PHP development) but that was about it. Oh also, apache is still there. A lot of people think that it's gone because the preferences pane is missing, but it's still hiding within the belly of the beast. I feel like I can throw anything at this. I've never multitasked like this before. I am having the same experience with my new Macbook Air. The connector feels way stronger than on my previous machine. Then again my last mac was a 4 year old original unibody, so the magsafe connector might have weakened a bit with age. Absolutely. This has got to be a huge partnership and I'm sure everything is going to be custom/branded. I'm anxious to see how Starbucks handles this. Will they use iPad kiosks that the user can interact with? Part of the Starbucks experience is being able to custom order a half-caf splash-of-cinnamon dolce latte with soy. Having a nifty UI to deliver that experience + an easy way to pay might be a good strategy. Will this tie in with their own Starbucks app so that I can order on my walk to Sbux, auto pay, and then walk out without waiting in line? I came to offer advice on your first bullet point. Definitely look into the element. This will let you click on the text associated with the button. Not knocking you here (as this is your first web app!) but I am shocked by the number of large websites that do not do this properly. Drives me bonkers. You can use it one of two ways. Wrap the text and radio/checkbox button in the tag such as : Medium Or using the for/id attributes as follows: Boy Girl Excellent first app! I'm sure you've learned a lot about building it. That would actually really interest me, a blog post perhaps detailing all of the things that you learned while building it. I can't recall the study, but recently it was determined #444 is a perfect color for body text. You'll definitely want to avoid looking at the site of the developer, then: http://coovtech.com/about Gotta admit, the guy may lack all design sense, but at least he's shipping software! Or we could go one step further and replace images with unicode characters: ▲ + ▼ ▲ - U+25B2 BLACK UP-POINTING TRIANGLE ▼ - U+25BC BLACK DOWN-POINTING TRIANGLE I didn't notice it either. I'm on a 27" iMac though. I'm sure if I was on my Air it might be different. The one thing that sucks about projects with one-char names is finding them weeks after you first discover them, when you really want to experiment with using them in a real project. Not sure why this is on the homepage. It reminds us that Slackware linux and FreeBSD are great server platforms regardless of how old your hardware is. What gives? I was actually really amped to read this! I've been a linux nerd for a long time. My buddies and I, instead of getting laid in high school like normal people, would play with trying to make Slackware look like OS X. Remember the infamous digital blasphemy mushroom wallpaper? -- http://digitalblasphemy.com/graphics/previews/fluorescence6_... (cc @aprilzero if you are out there haha) Anyway ... point is I'd really love some more resources for someone who has been a linux person most of their life/career but is open and interested in learning more about FreeBSD. I have a micro instance running cperciva's 8.2 install and it's waiting for me to give it more attention. Listing the processes or running top and seeing just how incredibly lightweight it is ... makes me happy. It feels so zippy. I realize this same thing can probably be accomplished with linux by installing a very baseline operating system, but it's refreshing to see nonetheless. I'm looking forward to playing with FreeBSD this weekend ... any tips are welcome! India != Indonesia When I got my new Macbook Air I decided to give mariadb a try locally instead of mysql. So far so good! 'brew install mariadb' and you're off to the races. It's 100% binary compatible, as far as I know. So far working great with some local wordpress/php apps as well as older django apps. I'm migrating slowly but surely to PostgreSQL though. I want to direct this towards the folks commenting here who might be in the anti-Apple camp. Yes, a walled garden is no fun for anyone once it reaches a critical mass. We're sort of starting to see this with Twitter, with their recent API adjustments. Decentralized and open platforms are also really tough, just look at OpenID. The adoption is not there. Apple saw that the current SMS implementation was flawed in many ways and sought out to improve/replace it. For example, all of the carriers (at least in the US, with the exception of the underdog Sprint) charge an exorbitant amount of money just to send/receive text messages. I pay $20 per month for that ability. SMS also has a limit of 160 characters. It also only works via cellular, whereas iMessage works via data connection. This is awesome for me, as I live in the boonies where I don't always have a cell connection (but do have excellent wifi). Being able to reply from multiple devices is also nice. Let's not forget all of the little 'nice-to-haves' like knowing when a message has been delivered and/or read, knowing when the other party is replying, etc... Alas, they did this because the carriers wouldn't. Prior to Apple releasing the iPhone, you couldn't buy a phone that didn't have some one-off UI, preloaded with garbage apps, etc... Apple forced the hand of the mobile industry with their iPhone (this is obvious to many, but concrete evidence exists inside of the Samsung vs. Apple court documents recently released) Apple is now doing this again with iMessage. They took something that really needed revolutionizing, and did it. It began as something great for members of the Apple ecosystem. They used their users and platform to prove it, and it's been successful. I can communicate via my Mac, iPhone, and iPad in a (mostly) unified experience. So, I do agree and hope that this expands to a wider audience. That being said, it will be tough. An open consortium leads to all sorts of issues (ahem, Android) and sometimes having one chef in the kitchen yields the best overall experience for everyone (Apple). This is completely false. When i'm out at a bar and I meet a cool girl, she gives me her number. I type it into my phone and begin sending her a text. Instantly my [Send] button shifts from green to blue to indicate that she is an iMessage user. It's seamless. It falls back on SMS automatically if iMessage fails. Otherwise, it just works. Having multiple platforms for messaging is silly. Absolutely silly. If I have an iPhone and so does my sister/mom/random-stranger what am I guaranteed that we both have in common? One single messaging app. I don't want to ask a random stranger if they've used X Y Z free messaging app, that doesn't fly. It's a seamless experience. Apple doesn't typically innovate on the actual technical software implementation. iMessage at a basic level is very simple. It's the integration in the platform. It's the fact that I do not need to know someone's email address to talk to them on gtalk. Also, what if you don't have a gmail address? Many people do not. I type a phone number in, begin sending a message, and that seamless/transparent handshake occurs in the background where the device I am about to message tells me it's an iOS device supporting iMessage. I don't need to change the way I use my device. I think that is the original argument behind this post. Let's make it open. I couldn't help of think about Eve from Wall-E and her laser beam. http://fc07.deviantart.net/fs38/i/2008/340/3/a/wall_e_and_ev... I feel you man. I didn't really know how to articulate my feelings, but it all feels cheesy and false. It's like social conditioning. It's not real life. It's what your high school english teacher would want you to say about the event, not what you really felt. As a side note, I would have said "Come on bro dive off that board like a BOSS... the chicks will dig it!" My kids are gonna get tough love. I'm really interested in learning more about FreeBSD as a server OS. I've been a Debian guy for a very long time and have only just recently started to force myself to play around with FreeBSD via an Amazon EC2 micro instance (free). In other news, all of us on Mac's (OS X) are using quite a lot of FreeBSD =) I feel like every single task app is marketed as the last one i'll ever need, yet they all differ on one or two very small features. I wonder how many man hours have been wasted building task management applications. I'm not trying to discount this app, I am simply hoping that at some point there will be a de-facto winner that will actually help me become more efficient. The start-up cost for most of these hasn't proved worth it. Notational Velocity + Simplenote Sync + Dropbox as a redundant backup = my current winning combo for managing both thoughts and things I need to do. I'm disappointed that this is mostly a joke. I really like the docs and have been looking for something along these lines lately. Do you know how much boilerplate crap is required before you can do hello world with express? I can't take this website seriously. The excessive share buttons, cluttered ui, etc... it's the last place I'd look for advice on jquery ui training haha. Yep. Also, the smarter you are the more you tend to doubt yourself. Whereas less intelligent people tend to have more confidence in what they're doing. Bites me in the ass all the time. Thanks for this short and logical answer. Yep. Apple notebook notebook hardware cannot be beat. Zero contest from anyone else. Thanks a lot for your comments. I love seeing anything FreeBSD related on HN these days as it's something I am newly interested in. I too run OS X locally (for years) but have been a Linux guy for as long as I can remember. Do you have a suggestion on a solid FreeBSD VPS host? I really love Linode for my linux boxes and have been using them for years. That being said, I am very interested in moving towards FreeBSD for my personal servers. I'm so amped to learn more about it. I was primarily pointing out the construction and build quality. An Apple chassis cannot be beat =) Bootstrap should come in 25 subtle-variants, and a random one should get picked/compressed/served with each download. Like Magic The Gathering // Pokemon booster packs. Remember those? You never knew what you were going to get. I agree with you though. Also, most of the customizations I've seen of bootstrap look like garbage. Seeing the same bootstrap styles EVERYWHERE is definitely getting old and annoying, but I have to force myself to remember that Bootstrap is pretty damn cool and had some great design thought put into it. The variations? Typically: not really. The first example that comes to mind is FoundationDB (a local DC startup woohoo!) but they took Bootstrap and in my opinion made it worse: http://foundationdb.com I'm so glad that this is the current top comment. Backbone apps are the most verbose and non-DRY apps in my experience. Tons of code duplication. Do you have any examples of this? I'd love to see it. This feels tacky. Discussion of the black bar. It's like fight club. You don't talk about it. Look what's happening here: people are actually debating whether or not someone's death deserves the black bar. Can we please stop this? Excited to see the native JSON datatype. http://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/What%27s_new_in_PostgreSQL_9... HTML5 Boilerplate has been around a lot longer than Bootstrap and has been adopted by more in the general front-end community. Whereas Bootstrap has been adopted by more generalist developers building entire web applications. I can't help but think of the movie Virus[1], which scared the living shit out of my 10-year-old self. --- [1] http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120458/ "I won’t name names. I used to name names. But I think all you have to do is read TechCrunch. Look at what the top stories are, and they’re all about raising money, how many employees they have, and these are metrics that don’t matter. What matters is: Are you profitable? Are you building something great? Are you taking care of your people? Are you treating your customers well? In the coverage of our industry as a whole, you’ll rarely see stories about treating customers well, about people building a sustainable business. TechCrunch to me is the great place to look to see the sickness in our industry right now." I love this quote. It reflects my sentiments to a T. It's what every great organization I have ever been a part of has been about. My current gig, we put the customer first 24x7 and go out of the way to ensure they're comfortable. We're currently one of INC's fastest growing companies two years in a row and hiring new employees daily to meet demand. I just spent 20 minutes writing an email with detailed screenshots of how to add a menu item to a CMS. I can't stand the CMS that this client uses. We inherited it and it blows. They're an awesome client though, nice people, and above else, they're my customer. I have no problem going out of my way to ensure that they've got detailed and easy-to-understand instructions. A startup that some friends and I started a few years ago: schoolrack.com. Our users were teachers from elementary to high-school. You can imagine we dealt with TONS fo technical support requests from both confused parents and teachers. A lot of teachers are still forced to use IE6. Patience and always putting the customer first is what made us successful. Our users adored us. We'd start at a school and overnight every teacher there would be using us. Our users always had nice things to say about us because we always put them first. When I worked in Apple retail, they reinforced the same principles. Understand the customer. Put yourself in their shoes. Frame your questions so that they are not misconstrued. Make technology friendly. Know your customer. If they're coming to you wanting Final Cut and a few Mac Pro's, don't try and offer them lessons on how to use a word processor (exaggeration). Of course not every Apple employee is a saint, and sometimes you have a bad experience. We're humans, after all. But the principles work. Bend over backwards for your customer. Treat every single person you interact with on a day-to-day basis with respect and kindness. Even the UPS who comes to pick up your deliveries. I'm very curious about this. I feel like the community at large seems to agree mongo is a dangerous choice. But then I read articles like this. At what scale do you replace Mongo? Should it only be used for bootstrapping something? Is it something that 80% of apps will be fine on? I'm in an interesting spot myself right now. I've been hacking on Django since 0.96. I love the ORM, and hate everything else. Python on the other hand is a wonderful language. Rails... I've been spending 8 hours a day for the past month building a rails project. I love a lot of things about rails, hate the ORM, and dislike a lot of the magic. On the flip side: I've been a Javascript/front-end developer since before jQuery existed, and I love coffeescript. I understand callback-style evented programming and therefore node.js apps make perfect sense to me. My co-founder and I have just finished some heavy duty design/wireframe/conceptual work on a new project of ours. It's time to build the API. I am COMPLETELY torn with what framework/language/database to use for this project. At first I thought mongodb and coffeescript+node would be fun and reliable. But the community seems to think mongo is unreliable and almost dangerous. So I thought, hmm, Riak looks like it will let me throw whatever data I want into it (like mongo) but it's rock solid. I later dismissed that since I figured I'd need to do a lot of heavy lifting on my own. Rails keeps poking me in the back of my mind but I honest-to-god hate ActiveRecord and am afraid to use DataMapper for fear it won't play nice with a lot of the popular ruby goodies out there. I've modeled most of the project now in Django and i'm starting to play with Tastypie for the REST component. It feels too kludgy. I'm a wreck. Mommy? I have a FreeBSD box in my closet (I felt like playing with FreeBSD this weekend) currently running Postgres 9 and PostGIS which is how my current stuff is working. It's actually pretty rad to have every single location I've ever checked-into via Facebook stored in this database. I can say "find all the spots 2 miles from my house" and it's shockingly quick. I have PostgreSQL on my mac. It's easy to install and use. PostGIS was the killer. Version 2.0 (homebrew installs postgis2) does not play nice with Django locally (on my mac) and the ticket has been open for a year or something to fix it. That's a huge red flag for me right there. https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/16455 I guess I could install 1.5 manually. My problem with trusting Ruby/Rails is that I've only been seriously developing in it for a month. Wait... what?! I don't see any major differences between MySQL and PostgreSQL in terms of setup/maintenance. They have slightly different authorization styles, but Postgres can be configured to behave just like mysql. I agree with your approach. I feel though that the angle to take would be something like mongo... where I do not need to worry about a schema/migrations etc... and rather focus on the API logic itself. Well, compared to your numbers, I guess not that quick. Django is responding in 0.28 seconds. That is going over wifi to my server in a closet though. And i'm downstairs kinda far from the router. Screenshot: http://wsld.me/J5zu If I hit it repeatedly for a while it comes back in as quick as 0.14, but usually not that fast. ping to server: michael at Achilles in ~ ○ ping -c 5 apollo PING apollo (192.168.1.130): 56 data bytes 64 bytes from 192.168.1.130: icmp_seq=0 ttl=64 time=9.497 ms 64 bytes from 192.168.1.130: icmp_seq=1 ttl=64 time=83.113 ms 64 bytes from 192.168.1.130: icmp_seq=2 ttl=64 time=7.335 ms 64 bytes from 192.168.1.130: icmp_seq=3 ttl=64 time=6.998 ms 64 bytes from 192.168.1.130: icmp_seq=4 ttl=64 time=6.393 ms --- apollo ping statistics --- 5 packets transmitted, 5 packets received, 0.0% packet loss round-trip min/avg/max/stddev = 6.393/22.667/83.113/30.241 ms I've looked at SQL Alchemy and think it's pretty radical actually. I think that this evening/weekend I am actually going to begin doing this in flask+sqlalchemy. It was a strong contender from the beginning. Here is my first flask app ever, https://github.com/whalesalad/arbesko-files No authentication or session management or anything above basic request/response, but it was fun and serves it's purpose inside of Arbesko well. You obviously have absolutely no idea what a true startup is. Do you understand the concept of most viable product? How long did you spend collecting all this information? Are you a disgruntled competitor with a bit of jealousy perhaps? The guy is working on physical hardware. Do you know how difficult that is? To ship a device like this? A lot of the issues you mentioned are the last of his worries. Zach Klein is killing it. Co-founder of Vimeo, founder of Svpply. He's been involved in lots of other cool gigs too. It's been really fun to follow along with his progress over the last few years. Tons of respect for the guy, and glad that he has done most of this outside of SV. Congrats on the sale! When Salesforce.com acquired Heroku I was horrified that things were going to go downhill. Heroku has continued to get better and better as far as i'm concerned! Hopefully the trend of acquihires and product shutdown stops though. Cabin Porn is super rad! I love the comment in the top of your source: This is incredibly cool. The template syntax you have going is awesome. Reminds me of the natural language of haml/ruby with the handy pipe filter stuff of django/jinja. I can't stand mustache and handlebars. The UI is great, it's responsive, and well thought out. Also, the data modeling issue is a great selling point. Right now, MOST all applications are the same. Take this data, validate the person sending you the data is correct, validate the data is correct, and store it. Then apply the same methodology to fetching it, modifying it, or deleting it. I've been a django/python guy for years but after recently diving into Rails, I don't think anyone has done this any better. You can very quickly get things moving in CRUD/REST without much code. That being said, it all comes back to the modeling. Modeling is relatively simple in Rails. The ORM you get with Django far exceeds ActiveRecord in usability but either way, at some point, a developer needs to sit down and define the data modeling. I realize you're marking this to developers (obviously) but I feel like with your cool UI and mongodb backing, you might even be able to expand this to administrators of the service. Meaning, I can deliver a pre-configured product to my clients but if they want to add some fields to a product that are searchable/sortable/validatable/etc... they won't need to wait for me to do it. They won't need to wait for me to deploy it. I won't need to run a migration script. Modern REST frameworks typically work based on a separation of a model and a resource. The model handles data storage and representation, and the resource handles serving it up, controlling access, etc... I think we need to couple these together. One unified object. I can create something, like a `Product`, give it some properties, set validations and permissions for those properties, and boom. Done. Things like this and Meteor are shining examples of the radical change that we need in this current era of development. Yes, you guys will find faults in that statement. The neckbeards will come out and tell me mongodb does not scale, or node.js async development does not make sense. That is not the point. The point is that we're really not making it much easier on ourselves to build the things we want. Right now it makes more sense for me to pay Parse to handle an iOS back-end. Why? Because for the most part building it is a pain in the ass. It doesn't need to be. I'm excited about Forward, very excited. What the fuck? Are you joking? We now live in a world where developers bust their asses to deliver 99 cent applications . It's fucked. Slowly, here and there, we're beginning to see a shift. People will pay for a great product, especially if it makes your job as a hacker/developer easier. Play with the demo for 60 seconds. How long would it take you to build that? How much do you charge per hour? I built a lightweight ORM for pymongo/mongodb last weekend from an empty .py file. It was fun, but it was challenging and took pretty much the entire weekend. And it's basic. You can find, find_by_id, find_one, and a few other things. What these guys have done is tremendously impressive and difficult to do. They deserve every right to ask for money and that will only fuel further development. Everyone has to keep the lights on at some point. Honestly the django/jinja syntax and library of helpers/filters is virtually impossible to beat. ### Example User user: { name: "Michael", bio: "The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.", products: [ , , ... ] joined: "09-07-12" } {% for user in users %} {{ user.name }} {{ user.bio|truncatewords:3 }} {{ user.products.count }} Product{{ user.products.count|pluralize }} {{ user.joined|date:"M jS, Y" }} {% endfor %} ### Would Display Michael The quick brown ... 2 Products September 7th, 2012 beautiful. stoked to start playing with it. I've been heavily involved with python and javascript for most of my programming life and find them to be very similar. It's a joy to write in either language. I'd like to think/hope that no one would ever judge a language on it's FTP library =) This website doesn't do well on high resolutions. Good: http://wsld.me/JK0p Bad: http://wsld.me/JJsc No worries! Sorry if my comment sounded super negative, I wrote it real fast while running off to make dinner so it was short and blunt. Where the hell are you buying your certs? I'd honestly love to know. Life is a competition. May the best man win. Remember Darwin? The strongest will survive. I'm not going to proactively try and injure someone else or hold someone else back, but you can bet i'll do whatever I possibly can get get the leg up. It's a dog eat dog world. High school prepares you for college, and college ultimately, cough somewhat sarcastic , prepares you for the real world. People are too concerned with playing by the rules in those environments. While we do have rules (read: laws and codes) in the real world, there are also 'no rules' Very interesting to see the difference between a UK plan and an American one. For example it's pretty standard here to offer unlimited texts, whereas it appears to be very uncommon there? Personally, I wish that I could have unlimited data and text messaging and then pay a certain cent amount per minute I talk. I very, very sparingly use my phone to call people. I probably use 30 minutes per month, at most. This is precisely why I did not buy one. I know it's a brilliant machine, but it's also the first of its kind. Anyone who's ever been an apple early adopter knows that it doesn't always end pretty. v2.0 of the retina's are going to be solid, I have no doubts. I feel/sense sarcasm. I did not see this being useful from day one.