It's basically been done (ish). Freenet's one, there are probably more, but you give up a lot in exchange. Freenet can be pretty slow and you need to find trusted people to bootstrap yourself into the network. You can't host dynamic content, either. Yeah, it works on my terrible featurephone, and delivers a really extraordinarily good web experience all things considered. It's like a keyhole to the internet, except it renders everything more or less perfectly, unlike every other featurephone browser ever. The standard intuitive explanation seems pretty easy and worthwhile: Two sets are the same size if and only if you can pair members up. {1, 2, 3} and {4, 5, 6}, obviously. {1, 3, 5...} and {2, 4, 6...} are too, you can pair them up (1, 2) (3, 4) (5,6) ... But some sets aren't the same size; you can't pair them up. It's easy if they're both finite, or one is infinite. If both are infinite, well, if they're not the same size, one has to be larger: there are elements in one that are "left over" after trying to pair them up. That's the bigger one. Cantor proved that this does, in fact, happen. The reals can't be paired up with integers. Yeah, but you can describe many incomputable numbers. Indescribable numbers are not the incomputable numbers- Chaitin's constant's a nice one, it's the proportion of Turing machines that halt. Described. Now, compute it... Neat, but SuperGenPass does this better- has a bookmarklet with configurable salt, and it's based off the domain name, not the service, so you can't get into ambiguities (Gmail, GMail, gmail?) http://supergenpass.com/ That said, the options for disallowed characters is nice. Yeaaaah, you could probably fall afoul of the CFAA with this one... See: weev. Edit: Ahh, I see you're based outside the US, carry on. Personally I had the idea a while back for a sort of time-release dead drop. Stuff a Raspberry Pi into a fake power strip, put your seekrit information onto the SD card, and go plug it in somewhere in a city you 'happen' to be passing through, near to a public wifi spot. Then a year later it wakes up and uploads the data publicly via Tor and self-wipes. Even if it's traced back to the Pi, they'll have to trace the Pi back to you (you bought it untraceably, right?). Your employer could MITM all your SSL connections just by installing their own cert installed on the machine, so yeah. I'm not exactly an expert, but this reads like creepypasta. This looks fantastic. I make gifs out of pictures I take on burst mode and these would be beyond perfect for presenting them. (try it at a party, it's much more fun than static pictures, also for posed group shots) I'm waiting for flexible color solar-powered wireless e-ink displays to give the full "Harry Potter" moving-picture effect, but they're a few years out! Wikipedia is not infallible but it says Sanskrit sources had one or two digits of pi: "In India around 600 BC, the Shulba Sutras (Sanskrit texts that are rich in mathematical contents) treat π as (9785/5568)2 ≈ 3.088. In 150 BC, or perhaps earlier, Indian sources treat π as sqrt(10) ≈ 3.1622." Anyway, the source the linked article cites is http://www.vedicsciences.net/articles/vedic-mathematics.html which notes It must be pointed out that these sutras given by Tirtha Maharaja are created by the author himself, as stated in the introduction to his book, "Vedic Mathematics" (published posthumously) and are therefore not actually Vedic. These mathematical sutras are Vedic only in the sense that they are inspired by the Vedas in the mind of one dedicated to the Vedas. Thus the title "Vedic Mathematics" is not correct. Yeh but how long does it last? This ball was designed specifically because normal soccer balls fall apart: http://www.oneworldfutbol.com/ I kind of think a hand-crank is going to break down less often and be much easier to repair by hand. "Whelp, the bear ate our nightlight" is not going to go over well. Arguably, such a methodology would be unusable anyway: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonini's_paradox My first instinct is that you're right- at least, I don't think it can be any more powerful than an LBA: if there's a finite number of state transitions it can make, then it can only actually "get to" a certain distance along the tape, and you can just chop the tape at that point. If there is a simple condition I prefer "while condition" because it makes the code easier to read: I can tell (roughly) when the loop is supposed to exit without reading the contents of the loop and scanning for a break. This line in MUMPS is not only valid, it also actually does something potentially useful: s:foo'="" foo(foo)=foo It's actually a bit tricky to explain what it does. Everything in MUMPS is effectively a tree. Each tree has a value in the "root node" and you can set it like this: set foo="hello" You can also put data deeper into the tree: set foo("fizz")="buzz" So if something is passed to you and you want to know if you can treat it as a string, you test to see if it's a null string: if foo'="" do [something] ('= means !=) Two more features: 1) Almost every directive can be reduced to one letter. 2) If I want to quit based on a condition, I can do either if condition quit or quit:condition So the line above is more legibly written as if foo'="" set foo(foo)=foo So if foo="bar", it's equivalent to: set foo("bar")="bar" No mention of lambda calculus? Lisp is to Lambda Calculus as Pascal is to Turing Machines. More or less. Oh, beaten to the punch in the article's comments. Carry on. The NSA can just crack into your servers abroad, if they want to; no warrants required. Admittedly they'd have to work a bit harder if it's not in a jurisdiction friendly to them, but breaking into foreign servers is basically their job. If people running the company in question still hold US citizenship or keep money in the US, the US legal system can still reach them unless they never want to go home. You might like Thue; it operates solely on replacement rules and is trivially an unrestricted grammar: http://esolangs.org/wiki/Thue Whee, looks like fun! Adanaxis[1] is a 4 dimensional space shooter- only sort of playable but still fun. http://www.mushware.com/ If they used a cryptographic signature, they could detect ticket tampering without networking the barcode readers. I'd be somewhat surprised if they actually did that, but it would make it much harder to forge them. You can't feel, smell, or touch anything, for one. The dynamic range of the display won't match what you would see outside, either. That was fun. If you like this sort of thing, "Heavy Planet"[1] is a good hard scifi book set on Mesklin, a fictional super-Earth which spins fast enough to make gravity significantly less at the equator. It's also a good adventure story, if you like 1950s scifi. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesklin In some cases it makes sense. Date, number and measurements vary a lot between English speaking countries. Now, you'd probably just geolocate but still- locale is more than language. An American Flag can give you an en-US locale, a UK flag, en-GB, etc since English is a pretty good guess for the language they want. You can't compare 2^-160 with a number with a unit attached- it's meaningless. 2^-160 meters is smaller than the planck length, but 2^-160 isn't. If your unit is "the volume of the observable universe" you get a pretty large volume (on a human scale, anyway): https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=%282^-160%29+*+%28the+... edit: oh, the units came from the grand-parent post to yours, but wouldn't the correct conversion be "2^-160 earth's surface-areas"? That's actually bigger than the planck area- but still stupid small. https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=%28The+surface+area+of... Language is completely different for kids. They don't so much learn language as acquire* it- it's not, generally, effortful. They just do it. * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_acquisition Also, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Critical_period_hypothesis Lambda calculus is a rigorous mathematical way to define what "computation" even means. You need something -like- Lambda calculus to even begin reasoning about computation mathematically. First thing that comes to mind- not a lawyer but: It's probably going to be harder to force you to divulge a password in a court case than to just subpoena the piece of paper with your password on it and the computer with the 1PW database. LastPass doesn't require copy-paste on many websites- it can fill on click, or automatically. It's slick and very fast. I leave it logged in so I don't need to type my master password more than once every few days on my home machine. The newest LastPass version on Android can auto-fill in apps, too. On websites that I've enabled 2FA on, I let LastPass autofill (no clicks) and pulling up Google Authenticator on my phone is what takes time. The problem with using SMS as your only authentication is, what do you use for your second factor? I suppose a PIN would work. SMSes are also trivial to intercept: imagine the national telco silently routes some login SMSes that were going to a number on a list to the local internal security agency. The user just gets no SMS (or a code that doesn't work), assumes something went wrong on the network, and asks for another one. Meanwhile the "baddies" have logged in already and snaffled up the information they want. What I want is to be able to use Google Authenticator as my only authentication, plus a PIN for slightly sensitive sites and a long password for very sensitive sites (and to disable my phone from a distance). MetaFilter is a web forum that charges $5 to create an account. Between that and aggressive but professional moderation, spam basically doesn't happen since a couple of obvious spam comments and you're permabanned. However, it limits the user population to people with a debit card and $5 to spend. A bitcoin-based solution right now would be even more restrictive, since apart from buying bitcoin in person, you pretty much need a bank account to acquire them. It's fairly close to the maximum theoretical rise, if all the ice melted (~80m, apparently)[0]. Also, here are some interesting maps, including Earth with 66m rise, Mars with oceans, and more[1]. [0] http://pubs.usgs.gov/fs/fs2-00/ [1] http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/spaceart/cylmaps.html Unless you know magic exists and works, postulating "magic" fails Occam's Razor, since you're needlessly postulating that magic exists as part of your explanation. The hypothesis that an iPhone works by elecricity and clever engineering- since we have similar objects like TVs that work that way- is favored by Occam's razor. You're right that it doesn't seem like you can apply Occam's razor to the falling rock. Really it seems like an example of Bayesian reasoning: we know the prior probability of someone coming anywhere near a falling space rock is very, very small. We know the probability of a piece of grit falling out of a chute is orders of magnitude larger. Shakey video evidence by itself barely shifts our confidence that it actually was a meteor. Honestly I'd love to know what tech they used to print the images out back in 1967. With a long history of having 30+ speakers at our events, the idea was proposed that we enforce a 1:1 ratio of men and women for our speakers. Yes, finding 15 qualified women is basically impossible, so why even try? /s password1234 50%: Sufficient a12345678910 92%: Exceptional So, they try to give you negative points for "sequential numbers" but you get more points for having numbers than you lose, so it's useless. As long as you have a 12-character string with at least one number and one letter, your password will probably pass. "he carried into adulthood the concomitant problems in relating to others—and very pertinently to women—ensuring the prerequisite internal pool of frustrations essential for lateral thinking" I don't think this follows at all, honestly. Frustration begets more frustration, not lateral thinking. I've seen things you people wouldn't believe... Marquee tags on fire off the shoulder of Geocities. I watched blink tags glitter in the dark near Tannhäuser.com. All those websites will be lost in time, like tears in rain... There's biannual/biennial: think quick, which means twice a year and which means every two years? http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/biannual / http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/biennial The trailer never characterizes the Bombe as a computer, CumberTuring calls it a machine for decryption. It could be worse: the last time Hollywood took a crack at this story ("Enigma"), they invented a mathematician, gave him Turing's accomplishments, but made him not gay, and the only Pole on screen was a baddie. I don't have particularly high hopes for this one, though. I don't find CumberTuring's performance in the trailer engaging- he's playing Generic Cumberbatch Character #9. Keira Knightley just looks like Keira Knightley, not a woman in 1943. Read it again. That's not the argument. The argument is roughly: Either the observer's choice of measurements of the particle is completely determined by prior events, and the observer has no free will, or the observer can at his or her whim pick a way to measure the particle. If the latter, then the particle must be able to, also at whim, pick which spin to be measured at. He never assumes that the observer is made of particles. > “It’s our job to make sure people feel safe and in control,” he says. So people just have to feel 'safe and in control,' rather than making sure they are actually safe and/or in control? It sounds like an admission that the whole anonymity thing is just a marketing gimmick: as long as you have a name like "Secret" and make people feel like they're safe, they'll share whether or not they have strong security at all. Particulate pollution kills people and causes suffering, mostly to women and children. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs292/en/ Over 4 million people die prematurely from illness attributable to the household air pollution from cooking with solid fuels. More than 50% of premature deaths among children under 5 are due to pneumonia caused by particulate matter (soot) inhaled from household air pollution. This is exactly right: when rotating in 4D, you can rotate "around" a plane, leaving it in place. You can also rotate around a line (permuting the other three axes). So, in the video. The Z axis doesn't change (up and down) so that's one axis. The other one that doesn't change is at a 45 degree angle from lower left to upper right. Watch the tree: it is just as wide along this axis as it was before. Everything else sort of smoooshes around but that plane stays the same. I suggest interested people check out adanaxis, a 4D space shooter. It's not particularly playable, but it is true four-dimensional space with four-dimensional spaceships zipping around. MRI imaging is effectively harmless (unlike, say, CT scans, which might cause harm). The alternative is a about a 40% chance of survival without the drug. With the drug, maybe it will be higher, but maybe it will be lower. We don't actually know (though this new trial is very encouraging). A bad drug could also cause suffering beyond what Ebola causes: even if the patient was going to die anyway, it could make their death even more painful. There are worse monopolies, I guess. The 83+/84+ has good software and is neigh indestructible. The physical interface is very good and beats a touch screen. A TI calculator fast enough to run NumPy to build simulations and interactive gizmos would be super cool though. Allowing students to build colorful mathematical animations and physics simulations using simple building blocks would be awesome. Of course that can all be done with laptops but having things in the palm of your hand shouldn't be underestimated. Surprisingly (to me), most citizens of Britain are not technically "British subjects." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_subject > "they will still be EU members after all" Last I heard, they'll have to apply to get in, which could take five years. http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/09/08/uk-scotland-indepen... I think it changed when Google started enforcing that sites can't present different content to Googlebot (to show up in results) then live users (to try and make them register once they click through). Quantum systems can be simulated by classical computers, but the growth of the problem is exponential. If you can leverage actual quantum systems to do the work, then you can take a shortcut, for certain classes of problems. > In a way, it is like answering questions about airplane design by studying a model airplane in a wind tunnel – solving problems with a physical simulation rather than a digital computer. By and large, "organic" in the US is regulated and has a specific meaning. It's probably the only term that actually is, though. How heavily enforced this is, I don't know. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organic_certification#United_St... Indeed. I skimmed and thought "Wait, we're using imaginary numbers now? What?" and then realized it just meant "this is an integer." I'm not a philosopher, but this sounds awfully like embodied mathematics: Mathematical ideas grow from embodied experience plus metaphor. Lakoff and Nuñez's "Where Mathematics Comes From" is an extended effort at demonstrating that this can be done in a convincing way. This[0] twitter account GigaNews links to makes mention of "FBI agent Scott Kibbey" and has been tweeting stuff like this for months: Angel Vehuel counters the demon appearing as an angel that teaches geometry, speaks of hidden things,& causes anger. Eg:@Windows &@BillGates See our tweets to know why the counterfeit food, the so-called #MightyWings from @McDonalds are dedicated to a winged bull demon of Hell. https://twitter.com/AngelicPsalms/status/438490809164263425 [0] https://twitter.com/AngelicPsalms/status/509857806057762816 Which seems pretty off the rails. Poe's Law and all that, but still... This is basically the "just world" fallacy writ large, right? Does anyone else remember when Flash could execute arbitrary Javascript in the containing page? That was super fun. Attempting to sandbox user-supplied Javascript just seems like an exercise in futility. I guess Go is doing well enough sharing a name with an ancient board game, and the two languages are occasionally compared, so it's a bit fitting that way. There was an article on this a while back that Egyptologists had interpreted it as depicting something ceremonial- something like breaking champagne bottles across ships' bows. Having scientific evidence that wetting the sand ahead of the sledges -could- have eased transport is pretty nice evidence that that's what the picture depicts, but without something corroborating its efficacy, it was just a plausible interpretation. He was kind of a big deal in the Old Testament as a Baddie and Wikipedia says his story was well-known, especially in Islam and Judaism. > The story of Abraham's confrontation with Nimrod did not remain within the confines of learned writings and religious treatises, but also conspicuously influenced popular culture. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nimrod#The_evil_Nimrod_vs._the_... Flask. Flask Flask Flask. It's well-documented, in Python, and you can push it to Heroku easy as pie. You can add things like templates (they're built in, and can be really simple) or just concatenate HTML the old-fashioned way. You can program very imperatively and work up to abstractions. It's very friendly. I haven't seen it used as an introductory "language" but I feel like it would work well. eval() calls the interpreter that's running the current code with some arbitrary string. The code that's interpreting it is not Javascript; you can't poke around and change it without recompiling whatever binary it is. Implementing Javascript in Javascript lets you quickly play with new features: you can add features to the toy interpreter more easily than nodejs. There's a long tradition of self-hosting compilers: C is compiled with programs that were written in C. PyPy is a Python interpreter written in Python (actually RPython but it's a subset of Python). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_compiler_constructio... >These figures take into account the fact that many cases go undetected, and estimate that there are actually 2.5 times as many as reported. Containment IS about hearts and minds. If you have the trust of the people- if they trust that Ebola is real, that healthcare workers are not out to get them, that they can go to a hospital and receive care- then this outbreak might be containable. When you don't have trust, you get dead healthcare workers: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-29256443 Fighting ebola has been compared to fighting an insurgency, and I think the comparison is quite apt. You can't win with force alone. I was working on the assumption that environment would be already set up for them. Setting up Apache to test stuff locally, getting FTP set up to get into your remote server, etc is all a pain with PHP too. Once everything is set up, it's two-ish commands to commit and push to somewhere like Heroku. And no, I haven't taught beginners at all, I'll fess up to that. I've learned alongside them, though. PHP is a perfectly cromulent language/framework for this sort of thing, but something like Flask could be just as accessible. To me? Yes and no. Yes I've taught precisely 0 students. No, I'm not at all upset with teaching PHP, I coded up my fair share of awful PHP web apps. My first favorite language was ActionScript which everyone loves to hate! But at the time, nothing beat PHP and ActionScript/Flash for simple, fun web development for beginners. I think something like Flask might be a worthy successor. Heck it even includes a webserver, no need to fiddle with installing Apache to test stuff locally. And with services like Heroku the barrier to getting it online is almost as low as PHP. A lot of the modern changes are a difference in size or extent, but not in kind. I mean to say: A small hard drive replacing a massive hard drive is very, very useful. But it's not, by itself, any smarter than the magnetic core storage that filled a room. You could ask your Nokia dumbphone for the weather using a text message 15 years ago. People were wiring their home lighting systems into the internet by the early 2000s. Of course, it was more ad-hoc and expensive then. Now you can go down to Best Buy and buy a home automation kit for a few hundred dollars. The miniaturization and extension of digital technology into every part of our lives and waking moments is extraordinary. But it's not, by itself, much of a guarantee that we'll see strong AI. It's probably necessary but not sufficient. This is massively inspiring. Huge PR boon for India, and they obviously deserve it. Super happy about this. Welcome to the interplanetary club! Some fancier canned food now has "BPA free!" labels if you're worried about it. http://bpafreecannedfood.wordpress.com/bpa-free-canned-food-... If you could provide reliable electricity and water for 300 million people for $74m ($0.25 per head) then you might have a point, but it's not really a lot of money for a country as large as India. Outdoor defecation is a huge problem in India. It's very much a cultural thing, though obviously access to attractive facilities is a huge problem too. http://www.economist.com/news/asia/21607837-fixing-dreadful-... > Evidence is growing that India must urgently correct its cultural practices, though it is sensitive to say so. Studies of India’s population show how since at least the 1960s child mortality rates have consistently been higher in Hindu families than Muslim ones—though Muslims typically are poorer, less educated and have less access to clean water Bitcoin is perfect for this. Each relay can publish a Bitcoin address, and the subsequent distribution by OnionTip can be confirmed by looking at the blockchain to see who they split the donations between. TOR enthusiasts and Bitcoin holders probably overlap an awful lot. You could do this without a middleman, though. Can't you set up bitcoin transactions with multiple outputs? A-bikes are cheaper and already exist, fold up smaller and let you sit down. I've never actually ridden one, but they seem to fill a similar space. http://www.a-bike.net/ Mind you, if you're not in the UK you'll have to pay for shipping. This isn't even news, it's a press release. Some people have more than one real name. Heck, I know people with three or four plausible "real names." You don't even need to do that. The USB key can just announce to the computer "Hi I'm a USB hub. I have a keyboard and a USB flash drive plugged into me." This article is another that calls it a "GPS." Which it very specifically isn't: it's a local positioning system. It doesn't do what GPS does (give you an absolute location) and it does a lot more than GPS (tells you what the place means to you). It's just a terrible metaphor, alongside "eyes are like cameras," "the brain is like a computer," etc. If you do like jinja, it's Flask's 'native' template engine. > You do not have to be an expert in healthcare or infectious disease to contribute ideas for life-saving solutions. While that might be true, I really doubt this is the sort of situation where smart amateurs are likely to do much good. Remember all the crazy ideas for halting the Deepwater Horizon spill? None of them went anywhere. It was smart engineers who devised the eventual procedure to cap the well. > Together we share stories and inspiration from around the world. I mean, sure that might make people feel better, but I'm struggling to see how it helps. Nobody has ever faced an Ebola outbreak remotely like this before. The small group of people who have ever dealt with Ebola are experts already, and presumably don't need a bespoke Grand Challenge to give their input. > highlight the micro-challenges embedded in the larger Ebola epidemic They are "micro" insofar as they are "marginally smaller than the whole problem" but "Strengthen Health Care Capacity" is such an enormous problem by itself it's sort of laughable to call it a "micro-challenge"! Most of the ideas currently are "make PPEs less terrifying" and, while I agree that that's a great idea, right now they just need craptons more of them distributed to the healthcare workers who need them. Other brilliant ideas include "what if fasting makes Ebola go away," "Can we just use 3D printers to print hospitals?" "What about an Ebola symptom-tracking app?" That's a bit freaky. I more-or-less expect my ISP to see all my DNS queries, but not my router manufacturer. Isn't there a 'Secure Golden Key' at the base of DNSSEC? I guess the damage would be somewhat less if that key was exposed, but still. I assume the idea is to replicate the experience of projecting your vacation slides onto the wall and forcing your loved ones to watch? Optogenetics only works if you can genetically engineer the nerve cells to respond to light. Gene therapy is still... iffy, at this point. I mean really all you need to show is the picture: http://www.fiftythree.org/etherkiller/img/etherkiller.jpg My favorite though is the etherkiller hub, which is just diabolical. Attempting to copy photos out of Facebook albums into GDrive gives me "Exception: SecurityError: The operation is insecure." I'm not running psty locally. This is super cool, though. There's an undocumented template engine built in it seems? (see /bin/mostliked) which is neat. Are we talking VB6 or VB.NET? VB6 is... old, and feels old. It barely allows object oriented programming and doesn't have first-class functions, so you're pretty limited to a procedural sort of paradigm. The IDE is clunky. For example: error handling is done with explicit GOTOs (ugh) and "On Error Resume Next" lets you simply skip past errors(!!!). VB.NET is basically a friendlier-looking version of C# and is therefore not nearly as bad as VB6, has a real modern IDE, etc. Python feels like a playground where you can explore; VB6 feels more like you're on a rail and the moment you fall off everything will break. On Error Resume Next is actually weirder than an empty error handler. If Python errors halfway through a try/except block, it will skip the rest of the block. If you On Error Resume Next, VB will literally just proceed to the next line and keep executing. And since you don't need to indent the block that comes after On Error, it's easy to miss that line... I've been thinking about this a lot recently, and I actually miss it. Yes, it was ugly, but it gave people agency. Facebook forces every single person to "look" more or less the same. I imagine there has to be at least one kid who got into CSS styling by trying to make their MySpace profile look cool, introducing them to web design... Facebook's enforced "look" is sort of the equivalent of a school uniform, except for everyone, and it's stifling. If you hide a per-device API key inside the real Snapchat app, you might at least require that the user root the device before being able to grant an Evil App access to their photos. I was thinking about Bad Apps that users voluntarily hand their login details to (so they can download snapchats they get sent). Those don't need root, since they're just mimicking the Snapchat app and receiving the photos directly. But it doesn't work, since you need some way to generate new API keys for your second device... which could be a Bad App. If you 1) enforce one key at at time (so one "device" at a time), 2) rate-limit key changes (if you switch to a new device, or Bad App, you can't switch back within a day or two) and 3) eliminate Bad Apps in the app stores- you effectively limit Bad Apps to being entirely web-based, and hopefully the restrictions on webapps will make the Bad App sufficiently a pain in the ass to use that people won't want to switch to it, even though it lets them save photos, since it locks them out of the real app. > Should the government mandate daily folic acid intake? Areas with fluoridated water do this sort of thing already, more or less. Might cost you more money to get the salt out than you can sell the salt for, though. If someone has to drive across an international border and take a day off work to donate their (very rare) blood, it makes sense to compensate them for their travel costs. The donor wouldn't have to also be "donating" gas money, just blood and time. Biblical literalism is largely an American Protestant thing. It's very recent (on the time-scale of Christianity). The Catholic church doesn't subscribe to that view- they've endorsed evolution for decades, for one thing. There's generally a reason why ethnic cleansing is considered an evil thing to do. Forcibly removing people from their land deprives them of the systems that sustain them: political, economic, cultural. It's a kidnapping and theft rolled into one. "As you will no doubt be aware, the plans for development of the outlying regions of the Galaxy require the building of a hyperspatial express route through your star system. And regrettably, your planet is one of those scheduled for demolition. The process will take slightly less than two of your Earth minutes. Thank you." Older(?) Canon(?) DSLRs also used a 2.5mm jack to control the shutter release, so some people realized if you just spammed data into it from the TI-83 you could trigger it. Add a crude BASIC script and you have an extremely basic timelapse setup. I never minded OkCupid because it's sort of a game anyway. It's all online, and whether you meet someone there or not is up to you to tell OkCupid. Uber is mining information about people's movements in the real world, which feels ickier. I think people here aren't getting what this is. It looks like it transfers the image from the phone to a polaroid film cartridge optically. It's basically a smartphone version of a Daylab enlarger. Which is super-bleeding-cool, because there aren't many important moving parts not provided by the smartphone or the film cartridge. It's not a scanner and a printer. The only way to beam an image to it over bluetooth would be to embed a smartphone screen and backlight into it, which I gather it is not doing. It's taking an analog "contact print." > Particularly, innocence until proven guilty. This is how courts work. This is not how humans work. Are you suggesting that no action can be taken against anyone by anyone for any reason until a court proves the charge? That's nuts. I am allowed to conclude that someone is guilty or not in my own estimation. Unless I'm a juror it has no force of law, but I can assume someone's guilty without trial NO PROBLEM. Obama's guilty of suppressing evidence of torture. Bush's cronies are guilty of torture. Neither will be tried for any crime. How exactly is my opinion a problem? Should I wait for a court to validate it, or what? Courts can be completely, hilariously, 100% in the wrong. Plessy v Ferguson. Citizens United (arguably, anyway). As a person, I have freedom of association. If I think someone's a rapey asshole because someone came to me with an accusation, it is -well- within my rights to sever ties. Likewise, OpenCourseWare has no particular obligation to host this guy's stuff. Nobody is stopping him hosting it himself if it's so useful, or CC licensing it, or handing it to Archive.org. MIT isn't stifling anyone. There is no persecution here. I say this as someone who 1) probably wouldn't want to watch his lectures due to this but 2) think they should still be available for people who would find them useful. It's too bad MIT decided to take it down. But they're big boys and can make the decision on their own. My favorite is Project Pluto: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Pluto Which is nuclear ramjet, which has the small side-effect of spewing large amounts of radiation as it flies. An option to increase text size in the interface is probably going to be even better than allowing zoom, since it will reflow the text and not require the user to scan left and right around the zoomed-in text. > a team that cares about it's customers *its http://grammarist.com/spelling/its-its/ Three of your possibilities are "locations" for the Great Filter, as I read them: > Intelligent life is far more of an aberration than we realise. The filter is between "smart mammal" -> "human-level smarts." So there's lots of planets with lions, tigers and bears, but not talking dinos (or whatever). > Intelligent life is actually very dumb on a macro scale, and falls prey to Malthusian collapse, either by falling into a significant energy gap or by destroying their biosphere. The filter is between "21st century humanity" and "interplanetary/interstellar civilization." The universe is full of ruined planets, noticable because they've got transuranic elements floating around they shouldn't have. > Intelligent life tends to succumb to dysgenic fertility, and ceases to be intelligent. The filter is somewhere between "human-level smarts" and "interplanetary civilization." The universe is full of Morlocks. We want the filter to be behind us. If it's actually "life is nearly impossible" then we're golden. Life on Mars 'pushes' the possible 'locations' of filter further forward (so life is probably common). If it's multicellular life, that pushes the filter further again, etc. Von Neumann probes could reach every star in the galaxy pretty quickly. A civilization with a few million years start on us should have their robotic friends here already, basking in our sun. And there only has to be one civilization that 1) can and 2) does create such probes. If spacefaring civilization is common, it seems awfully unlikely that none of them have done so yet. I don't blame you, but it's going to be a real bummer if you're not the 2nd person carrying, but the third. Three people with guns in a close, crowded, dark space seems intuitively worse than only one. For that matter, Death of a President had GWB actually being assassinated. I remember it causing a stir, but it did see release in the US. Reminds me of a "design concept" for a little Nest-shaped box to stick on your window and magically cancel out all street noise. I'm pretty sure this is actually impossible, and is the equivalent of drawing a pegasus and saying "I have this great concept for a novel form of transportation!" i.e. more or less not worth anyone's time, since it's fantasy. I wonder if the hackers will release whatever draft the movie they grabbed just to spite Sony now. The BBC is going to (or already did?) air the story on Radio 4's "Book at Bedtime" which is the furthest thing from being banned that I can think of. Mind you they've received a share of vitriol for doing so. http://www.theguardian.com/books/2014/dec/14/hilary-mantel-a... Here it is, for reference. I could imagine it possible in the lab, and I'm not an audio engineer but the whole thing is completely implausible. And sites like Gizmodo don't bring any critical thinking and just repeat the claims verbatim. http://gizmodo.com/a-stick-on-speaker-that-uses-your-windows... I believe the I-35 shutdown in Minneapolis a few weeks back was worked out with the police ahead of time. There were state patrol cars behind them as they marched, filling the lanes but basically just keeping them & traffic apart. All very organized. The NIST beacon means that two people can decide on a random value without trusting each other. The NIST beacon just requires you trust NIST, and since you're not making an agreement with NIST, even -if- NIST knows the random values ahead of time, it's no use to either party unless they've hacked NIST's secret precalculated list of random values. This is ameliorated by having more than one beacon that publish simultaneously, and xoring them all together, but a Bad beacon could just delay until it has seen all the Good results and then spin its RNG until the full XOR gives what it wants... If you have very precise synchronization you could conceivably use the lightspeed limit to guarantee any Bad Beacon(s) can't know the output of the Good beacons before it publishes its own value. Can't you just order the owner of the namecoin entry to transfer it? You can't seize it, but you can seize the -owner-, if you can find them. If I have control of "microsoft.bit" I assume Microsoft would be within their rights to sue me for trademark infringement. This is better than the FBI's (apparently legal?) ability to seize .com domains en masse, but still. Wait, I'm confused, are you calling Ted Chiang a singularity writer? I can't think of many of his stories that comfortably sit in that category. > All of a sudden I was frustrated that she was stuck wasting her time in high school taking yet another history class Isn't it at least a bit more important whether she was frustrated? Did she want to be "pulled out"? Or did she leave? I say this as someone who switched schools a few times, both of which was due to having a terrible time and my parents offering. But I had a normal highschool experience, learned a lot about civics and a bit about history and literature. I mucked about with computers in my spare time, did a math undergrad, work in software dev now. I had a lot of support from my family, but they never made my decisions for me. Ed: And I'm literally one of those devs who was given a book on programming at age 10 and never looked back. But at no point was highschool a waste of time. (Middle school, on the other hand...) I love this effect so much, it's just so fun. I assume they're this confident because the NSA is snaffling up every 1 and 0 that comes in and out of NK. It would explain both their confidence and reticence to explain why. If the NSA has taps sitting on all the routers that are a hop away from NK, they can probably nail it down just from timing, right? If the packets were being proxied through an NK IP, I would think it would be easy to tell the difference (if you're the NSA, anyway). I wrote a simple FORTH-like compiler/interpreter for a 0x10C CPU simulator. It was a really fun little project, and completely doable with my tiny amount of prior assembly experience. Very peaceful, like you say. I believe it was proved that a backdoor did exist- that there's a private key which can be used to backdoor it- but not that the NSA actually held that key. But, who else would? https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/11/the_strange_s... A leak confirmed that the NSA paid RSA to use that particular algorithm in BSAFE. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_BSAFE#Dual_EC_DRBG_backdoor T-Mobile opted me in to a content filter by default. To remove it, last I saw I needed to give them my SSN (!!!). So, I live with the idiot filter, which actually scans for keywords in websites and blocks them. SSL obviously makes this sort of filtering useless, which is very useful. For that matter, what sensor can produce terabytes of data per second? Yes, I know there have been projects that try to use this as a source of entropy: https://medium.com/the-physics-arxiv-blog/quantum-random-num... Oftentimes Congress lets this happen -on purpose- so they don't have to publicly take a stand on something. People buy expensive coffee, expensive protein drinks, and expensive smoothies- why not milk? Doesn't surprise me at all. Norwegian Air (budget airline) adds a fee for bookings made with a credit card. Technically this is true for Python as well though, right? You can't import a module without executing it. Anyone visiting Bletchley should try to come on a day that the National Museum of Computing is open. It is housed next door to the Turing museum, and is probably more fun to visit. It's full of ancient hardware, including a computer lab full of working BBC Micros and an original BBC Domesday Book machine, which is an unholy combination of LaserDisc and BBC Master to produce a sort of 80s StreetView. It has the oldest working computer (the Harwell WITCH), a rebuilt Colossus, and quite a lot more. They're working on a reconstruction of EDSAC. Extraordinary claims, extraordinary evidence, etc. The prior probability of ancient nuclear weapons is so small that there would need to be extremely good evidence to begin to shift my appraisal of how likely it is. (am I Bayesianing right?) We share a common ancestor with every single known living thing. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Last_universal_ancestor They're too busy trying to keep warm on Planet X, which has an extremely eccentric orbit that keeps them well out into the far reaches of the Solar System most of the time. They're kept warm by engineering a blanket of aeresolized gold particles in their atmosphere. They came to Earth the first time and enslaved us to mine for more gold. After the rebellion, they decided it was too hard to keep us under control and withdrew to their planet, which has since retreated into the cold depths. Soon, it will return and they will need more gold... [This is all based off the nonsense Planet X theories that were going around. There was a good serialized YA novel that mined the ideas for plot, along with other Ancient Aliens nonsense, to quite good effect) I assume: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitochondrial_Eve As long as the bijection exists at all, the sets have the same cardinality. To prove two sets don't have the same cardinality, the most direct way is to prove that such a bijection is impossible. Anyway, the bijection from counting numbers to the set of all natural numbers is easy: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, ... 0, 1, -1, 2, -2, ... The set of pixels along the edge of your choice is countable. The reason is basically the same as was given, except it's simpler since you're only subdividing in one dimension. You'll never drop a pixel exactly at 1/3 or anywhere that isn't an integer multiple of a power of 2. You can identify each pixel by two other pixels along your chosen edges (axes). The set of pairs drawn from countable sets is always countable. I think your argument implies that the rationals are uncountable, but they aren't, so your argument must be wrong somewhere- I'm too rusty at this to form a nice argument quickly though. There's a general result that the set of "All pairs of elements from two countable sets" is, itself, countable. (the Cartesian product of two countable sets is countable). For example, the set of all pairs of natural numbers can be counted something like this: 1,1 2,1 2,2 1,2 3,1 3,2 3,3 1,3 2,3 ... Right, yes. I was taking the product of the process of subdividing to not actually include the limit points at all. You are only performing the operation a countable number of times, and at each point you only add a finite number of points, so having an uncountable set pop out at the end seems unlikely. A bonehead way to formalize this: The first step outputs {0}, the second, {0, 1/2}, the third {0, 1/4, 1/2, 3/4}, etc. We drop them all into one big set A. A has countably many elements and they all have a finite size: A = {{0}, {1/2}, ... } If B is the union of A, it has to have every point that could ever be output by the process. B is the result of "running the process to infinity." B is obviously countable since it's the union of countably many finite sets. If you can think of a way to define running the process to infinity and -including- the limit points, I'd be interested, but the most natural interpretation to me is that the process produces a set that doesn't include the limit points at all. The odds are heavily stacked in favor of a universal common ancestor. We share like 99% of our DNA with chimps; how do you suppose we got that, if we didn't share an ancestor? http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20463738 > Among a wide range of biological models involving the independent ancestry of major taxonomic groups, the model selection tests are found to overwhelmingly support UCA irrespective of the presence of horizontal gene transfer and symbiotic fusion events. These results provide powerful statistical evidence corroborating the monophyly of all known life. Paging Peter Watts to the red courtesy phone, Peter Watts to the red courtesy phone, please. http://my.lovely.horse/ Once you start formatting more than one variable, isn't your proposed syntax going to be horribly long? '{:center :minsize=8 varname} {:center :minsize=8 varname2} {:center :minsize=8 varname2}'.format(varname=123, varname2=123,varname3=123) instead of '{:^8} {:^8} {:^8}'.format(varname, varname2, varname3) Concision is not always a good thing, but still... I suppose the argument is, when there's a person in the loop it's easier to notice funny business. If someone hops on the ATC frequency, the odds are someone will notice more quickly. When it's mediated by a computer, you tend to trust it as a magic box of truth- and injecting subtle errors is going to be easier with ADS-B than on a voice channel, isn't it? Where I last lived, there was at least one charity that had free pickup by truck. Not on demand exactly, but they could take anything useful if it was boxed- or furniture. You could leave your stuff on the porch and they would shift it for you. This seems strictly worse and very expensive if you want to get rid of any significant amount of stuff. There's no particular reason to believe that the placebo effect is nonphysical other than the fact that we don't know exactly how it works. Lots of things fall into that category. You can ascribe God to dark matter and placebo effects, but you just have a God of the Gaps. It is though. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whiteness_studies Does not work well on my Windows tablet- I assume it presents a touch interface for Android and iOS? It assumes I have a keyboard, and I can't see a way to turn on a touch interface by hand. HP Stream 7, Windows 8.1. Keep the government out of our dick picks! John Oliver: Government Surveillance https://youtu.be/XEVlyP4_11M?t=1518 How fast people are discovering new antibiotics is the important thing, I would think. Assuming resistance is going to happen no matter what, we need to keep discovering new antibiotics at a steady pace to keep up. Here's one timeline I found in a paper: http://cmr.asm.org/content/24/1/71/F1.expansion.html It's been argued that it gives a few incredibly wealthy people undue influence on public spending. Instead of being taxed and then spent according to the government's priorities, which is at some level accountable to the public, a few wealthy people get to decide what programs have merit and pour their money into them. It has been tried with images: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fractal_compression It was perfect watching when home from highschool with a fever, which does tend to reduce me to the emotional range of a toddler. It could have been signed with Satoshi's PGP key. Is it much worse than an ant farm? I think it is probably a bit worse, since at least with an ant farm ants are doing ant-related things, even if it's behind plastic. It'll end up being enforced on publication, I'd guess. So if you photograph an object and publish the picture, someone can come after you for money. Or, in this case, if you published a book last year, they can sue you for distributing it. Which is insane, but that's what you get with retroactive copyright extensions. Nobody actually cares whether you took the photograph, it's whether you published it. So, so many companies have been caught promoting drugs "off-label", for uses that the FDA hasn't approved. So many. Johnson & Johnson paid $1.4 BILLION to settle a suit alleging that they heavily promoted the use of antipsychotics on dementia patients. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_off-label_promotion_ph... Some people go to Switzerland for specific chemicals to render them dead as fast as possible, since they see it as preferable to living with Alzheimer's. Admittedly it seems like a bit of a gamble to just start popping drugs whether they've been studied or not, but people spend lots of money on "natural" supplements which are at least usually reasonably safe but are even less likely to work. If J&J thought their drugs worked, I'd naively think that they could just invest a (perhaps significant) fraction of the eventual settlement to prove as much to the FDA. It would boost sales and allow them to promote them indefinitely, out in the open. Either they couldn't be bothered, or in fact they tried to prove it, and failed. If J&J can't prove a drug works, the odds that it does actually work seems... low, given the amount of resources J&J have. And some configurations of facial hair which make it unwise. If you're blessed with a rich and flowing beard, rock on. But if your natural state is a scraggly, uneven mess, just shaving it off regularly is by far the easiest option. I wonder how often spy satellites take similar pictures, since they might be more willing to play around to peek around cloud cover, if they really want a particular picture right now. Having a powerful, private "spy satellite" is really cool, since it puts government-style capabilities in the hands of "ordinary" people (at least, ordinary people with money). Yule logs are rather older than the Internet: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yule_log I encountered this machine, which had a manual on top, hooray! But it didn't include explanations of any of the symbols: https://imgur.com/Sdwrvqv I ended up going for "40 degrees shirts and pants" since that matched what I was actually trying to wash, but God help anyone trying to use that machine with any specific requirements. Tooltips aren't going to be much help on mobile though. > If you have multiple products, having your company name start off the title of all your products just means I cannot find your product in my alphabetized app list. Oh great, now I'm flashing back to hunt-and-peck through the Windows XP Start Menu trying to find a particular piece of software in a list categorized sometimes by company, sometimes by software, sometimes by built-in Windows category. An absolute mess. They're called scriptkiddies: they have just enough technical know-how to hang themselves, more or less. Enough to copy and paste lines into a terminal window. Admittedly being able to swap that out would be awesome, but you don't -have- to buy a new phone. 2G phones still work just fine. What about when an app you have updates, and requests a new permission you don't want to give? Either you never take an update again for that app (which might mean leaving in bugs and security holes) or uninstall the app and hunt around for a replacement that doesn't require even more extensive permissions. It's a pain. Apart from the monopolization, is it at all new? ex: Lego. Lego is not produced by artisan plasticsmiths down the street, they're a big company. But that's a Pascal's Mugging, isn't it? How unlikely does a claim of LENR have to be, exactly, before we can dismiss it out of hand? There's a difference between acquiring language and learning one as an adult. Children don't need to apply rules to learn a language- they acquire it unconsciously. Adults actually DO need to learn the rules. At least, that's what I remember from Linguistics 101. Here's my preferred way to chop a circle up to determine the area: http://www.drcruzan.com/Images/Mathematics/Circles/AreaByRea... The PEP says that locals() and globals() solutions were considered, and discarded: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0498/#no-use-of-globals-... You could argue that's not a good enough reason, but it's there. Images don't even show if you have javascript disabled. They load, but are opacity:0. Literally the worst option. This was my read on this too. foreigny name ergo not trustworthy. The same point could have been made just as well with "Honest Joe's Used Car and Certs." If someone's a mild jerk, saying "Hey, you were kind of being a jerk back there, seemed unnecessarily mean, knock it off" isn't being sensitive, it's asserting yourself. Sure, pick your battles, obviously. Nobody is suggesting violent jihad against the author. "Hey, this reads as a bit racist to me" isn't really "crying to mommy/daddy", it's expressing an opinion on the text. Legislating what is and isn't an appropriate (ie, "not oversensitive") opinion on a text is counterproductive. The ads are always quite careful to avoid promising anything outright. "brain training," "testing," "compare your score with global averages." Technically, Lumosity IS training your brain... to do better at Lumosity games. It's obviously vaguely promising cognitive gains, but it manages to talk around it extremely well. Probably violates the TOS, or if it doesn't right now, as soon as it's implemented, it will. Not that I have any moral opposition, but it'd be risking a pretty quick account ban. Not exactly cheap, but designed to be durable and require only a decent microscope to read: http://rosettaproject.org/disk/concept/ Cephalopod eyes are better than mammalian ones. They evolved independently, but cephalopods ended up with an arguably "better" solution, and mammals aren't about to swap their eyes around entirely given that their eyes work just fine, even with a blindspot. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cephalopod_eye > In vertebrate eyes, the nerve fibers route before the retina, blocking some light and creating a blind spot where the fibers pass through the retina. In cephalopod eyes, the nerve fibers route behind the retina, and do not block light or disrupt the retina. Knowing the Juniper Dual_EC_DRBG constants were fiddled with doesn't help you actually snoop, since working backwards to the generating constant is computationally unfeasible. Similarly hardcoding someone's SSH public key isn't going to help anyone else gain access just by knowing it's there, is it? Composting toilets don't need water either. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Composting_toilet Alternatively, just try to divert urine so it never mixes in the first place: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Urine-diverting_dry_toilets Both of these seem on first glance to be easier to maintain. Popcorn Time has both an iPhone and Android port. They could region-lock based on where your credit card billing address is if they really wanted to. Pay with a Canadian card, get Canadian Netflix wherever you are. Bit of a can of worms, but if they really really cared about people spoofing their location... They seem pretty common on London buses. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTHFSuPirXY There's a video further down demonstrating it adjusting to different lighting conditions; you can see a slight lag. Not since the US left the gold standard, no. Plus fractional-reserve banking, and the amount of money in the world economy is always increasing. I was addressing the "phone" part of it, really. PopcornTime works fine on phones. (I easily sideloaded it onto a set-top Android box, it works fine but you need a mouse or trackpad to navigate the interface. I think it would work fine on any semi-recent Android version) You could probably use an Arduino for this, they connect to a computer using serial-over-USB. You can do GPIO bit-twiddling pretty fast: http://skpang.co.uk/blog/archives/323 Once he was charged the $150, it didn't cost him any more to try again to download it, because of how the pricing works. So, he would have been charged that much no matter what if he'd downloaded the data at that speed, and there was nothing to refund once he successfully got his data out. Notably, they've taken flack for being wishy-washy on climate change, and eventually had to put out a directive to stop giving equal time to deniers. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/07/0... A functioning massless drive is arguably as unlikely as a perpetual motion machine. It's not really worth paying attention to claims that someone built one other than perhaps as entertainment value. You're not gaining much from a Bayer filter over three separate exposures, so you're probably right. Ordinary full-color pictures have to be demosaiced anyway, and it's more complex than laying three colored exposures on top of each other. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayer_filter With three exposures you get to use the full resolution of the camera for each channel, so you end up a more detailed image and fewer artifacts... unless something moves, in which case you'll get strange colored ghosts. People hear that space images are composites, and therefore somehow conclude that they're "not real."- but all consumer digital color photography are digital composites thanks to Bayer (and Bayer-style) filters, white balance adjustment, sharpening and denoise that are all baked into your JPEGs before you see them. The contrast ratio (how bright whites are to black) is the important thing, and the contrast ratio of printed text in sunlight is a lot greater than your average LCD. And if you want a pretty secure second factor, the YubiKey is available, the Neo supports NFC so it works with some Android phones. Tor means they can sneak through state-level internet blocks and surveillance. Once they're on Facebook, they're (ostensibly) obeying their Real Name policy, so Facebook knows who they are. Their Tor support doesn't protect their identity or communications from Facebook itself, other than obscuring their IP address. Encrypted chats, on the other hand, treats Facebook itself as untrusted. It lets people use Facebook without Facebook knowing exactly what they're up to. From the above wikipedia entry: > In the July 1904 edition of its monthly publication, Sherwin-Williams reported the dangers of paint containing lead, noting that a French expert had deemed lead paint "poisonous in a large degree, both for the workmen and for the inhabitants of a house painted with lead colors." "Poisonous in a large degree" seems pretty serious to me. People were regularly dropping dead due to lead poisoning in factories by the turn of the century, and it looks like lead was recognized as being capable of doing significant, though hard-to-recognize, harm: "Although plumbism is usually easy to diagnose, lead occasionally induces obscure affections of the nervous system, the cause and true nature of which are not always easily recognized. As a cause of poverty, too, its influence is not sufficiently known nor the role it may be playing in the physical degeneracy of the race." https://books.google.com/books?id=gQY9AAAAYAAJ&lpg=PA29&ots=... Lead paint looks to have been largely banned in Europe in favor of zinc-based paint by 1911; it was clearly viewed as a public health threat, not least by housepainters themselves, who were dying of lead poisoning (see the table on page 25). It comes down to "do animals feel emotions" which is really just a sneaky way to ask whether animals have a first-person experience at all. It's easiest imho to apply a Turing Test here: if an animal behaves like it has emotions in every way, what authority can you claim to say they don't? If there's no test to distinguish between "fake" emotions and actual emotions, then is it even a meaningful question? Anyway, what are the odds that humans invented empathy, uniquely, somewhere between ourselves and our most recent common ancestor with (mice, dogs, whatever)? It just seems so unlikely. How did our hominin ancestors get along with each other if they didn't have empathy? We don't have a machine that can measure qualia in humans for that matter! See also: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Nikola_Tesla/Nationality_... Apple used to help the FBI get into iPhones all the time and it didn't destroy their reputation. > A law enforcement source in the San Francisco Bay Area has confirmed to CNET that Apple has for at least three years helped police to bypass the lock code, typically four digits long, on iPhones seized during criminal investigations. http://www.cnet.com/news/how-apple-and-google-help-police-by... Only Apple is able to sign iOS updates. The FBI wants Apple to make an Evil Update and sign it with their key so the phone will accept the update. Apple has to hold the signing key so the phone can reject Evil Updates in general. Does this count as a "backdoor"? It's built into the way signed updates work. Nobody stole Sony's master signing key for the PS4, even when their entire network was pwned. They're probably stored offline in specialized hardware. (as I understand it, newer iPhones use crypto magic + special hardware to make it arguably impossible to update the phone while it's locked, so they're more secure against Evil Updates, even ones signed by Apple) If all Apple produces is a signed update (with logic that activates it only if it's the right IMEI) then it's not useful to anyone hacking any other phone. The software can't be modified to work on them without Apple's cooperation, since any modification breaks the signature and you don't have Apple's signing keys. The Evil Update could just refuse to function if it's being used on a phone with a different IMEID. You wouldn't be able to remove the check without breaking the signature, so it wouldn't be possible to use it to hack any other phone. If those sites don't want spiders, they can just specify that in robots.txt, which Google honors, right? From the point of view of the law, that might not matter, but when there's a standardized way to make clear to bots that they're not welcome and you didn't bother to implement it, you'll look pretty silly if you complain. Probably portable 3D scanners makes it easier, but facsimile art isn't new at all. The V&A museum in London has a huge set of Victorian-era plaster casts of EVERYTHING: http://www.vam.ac.uk/page/c/cast-courts/ There's a whole industry of manuscript fascimiles: http://www.facsimilefinder.com/ > No nation state has any business having nuclear materials in their possession. Not even for medical imaging, radiotherapy, and so on? As optimistic as I am about photogrammetry and other 3D-scanning technology, I'm leery of calling it "preservation" or letting you "recreate" artifacts. It captures shape and texture, but that's all. It's hollow. You can't take a core sample of a 3D scan, you can't X-Ray a 3D scan, you can't smell it or touch it; you can't tell if there's anything inside and you can't carbon-date it. It can't capture how pliable or brittle the object is or how dense it is. A high-res scan of the Mona Lisa can't actually be used to recreate the Mona Lisa. Short of nanoscale replicators, there's information missing. There's an awful lot of value in a particular book-as-object that you lose in a copy, especially in pre-Gutenburg manuscripts: - What script was it written in? - How was it bound? - What shape and size is it? - Huge roomy margins or small tiny margins? - Is it actually a palimpsest with another text underneath? - Who owned it? - How old is it? And so on. If someone just writes down the text and burns the book, you've preserved the text but thrown away an awful lot about the people that produced and used the book. A 3D scan might preserve 100% of aspect A, but 0% of aspect B, in which case it's exactly as bad as no scan if what you care about is aspect B. I mean that a lot of circumstances, having a picture/scan/copy only slightly diminishes the loss if the object is destroyed, and the existence of 3D scans etc shouldn't be confused with preservation of the original. Obviously, take pictures and make 3D scans of everything! It's a great way to make unique objects available (to some extent) across the globe. But they're more aids to study than actual backups. Objects haven't been "saved" by being scanned; they're saved when they're actually preserved. A 3D scan of the Buddhas of Bamiyan would have only kinda sorta have ameliorated their loss. On the plus side, you can always stick a bulky battery case onto a thin phone. Now if only there were more variety in phones with small screens; now that iPhones are big, what are people with small hands supposed to buy? Reproductions are awesome as aids to study and for education, no question. Scan everything and make it available in virtual & physical museums! There are huge gains from that. A faithful reproduction of an ancient Egyptian coffin lid is probably nearly as good, from an educational point of view, as the real thing. But you're not going to be able to take that reproduction coffin lid, put it in a CAT scan, and find a 3000-year-old fingerprint. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/three-thousand-yea... "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. -- That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed" -- The Declaration of Independence In an American context, human rights are often thought as coming from a God or Creator. They are either preserved or infringed upon by the state, but aren't granted by the state. As a practical matter, just government is required to safeguard those rights. "Innocent until proven guilty" only applies in a criminal trial. The man in question died in a shootout with police; he will never be proven guilty, because you can't put a dead man on trial. You can't libel or defame a dead man, from the point of view of the law. There has to be a point where media can call someone a terrorist short of conviction in a court of law. You can argue that that point hasn't been reached in this case, but there has to be a point, since otherwise we'd have to call Bin Laden an "alleged terrorist." Here's someone working on a ESP8266 module for the Zero, which will include a simple power supply: https://hackaday.io/project/8678-rpi-wifi Looks like they are planning to offer a few for sale eventually. The AP's articles are printed in dozens of newspapers and websites. The content is completely separated from the form. Wire services have been doing this forever. I'm slightly farsighted, and while I can see without my glasses, I have to make a conscious effort to bring the world into focus if I'm not wearing them and headaches eventually result. Only trick I know is getting the right prescription glasses... It seems like a losing battle to me. You'd have to prevent Javascript inserting links into the DOM (it could stick parameters in the URL), inserting images (similar), loading any assets from anywhere programmatically, any AJAX requests, any redirects, setting any cookies... and probably more besides. ...and eventually you'd have some chap like the OP here who will come up with a clever way to exfiltrate information somehow anyway. Theoretically, if you intercept in the middle, you destroy the pattern that you observe. This is a physical quantum effect, and will happen no matter what hardware you use Since the intended use is key distribution, a MITM is fine as long as you can detect it reliably: you can keep sending new keys until one isn't eavesdropped upon, and then use that key. I thought we hit it back during LOLCODE. How does it compare to emojicode? Note that they're Arabic numerals, which suggests actual alien intervention... Very cool. Every time I move location it adds another history item :(, so backing back out to HN is like dozen backspaces if you drag it around a lot. If scripts are turned off, the link just navigates to /vote?etc, which redirects you back to the thread. So it works already! It doesn't bring you back to where you were- but an anchor tag can fix that. If you don't want to leave the page, iframes still work, right? So you can set the target to an invisible iframe, and the vote will go through. The arrow doesn't disappear, but I think you might be able to handle that with CSS: http://www.inserthtml.com/2012/04/css-click-states/ NoScript and Self Destructing Cookies (firefox extension) makes the internet much better overall. The first handles all but the most aggressive paywalls (the really nasty ones use inside noscript blocks). The second handles the sites that you've turned scripts on for, clearing their cookies as soon as you navigate away. Just whitelist the sites you want to stay logged in to. It's eye-opening how much of the internet relies on Javascript that you don't notice- and how much works totally fine. But the failure mode for ECC is silent corruption, followed (maybe) by a crash, right? ECC can detect and correct one or two (or a few more?) bit-flips at a time, but if there's too many it won't notice that something's gone wrong. The system then goes merrily along and either crashes (because you've flipped some bits at random) or recovers (because those bits weren't important) or hands the attacker root (because you've managed to flip some particular target bits). So if the computer crashes or locks up, you can probably conclude that you've defeated the ECC and flipped some bits, and the system is vulnerable to Rowhammer. It's (maybe) just a matter of time before someone engineers a way to flip the specific bits needed to hand the attacker root. The quote doesn't assume you need carbon, the quote says that carbon is much better at the sort of chemical processes we associate with life than anything else. Nobody thinks all life absolutely must be made out of carbon. But if you're looking for life, it seems very likely that most life is made out of carbon; possibly nearly all of it. You might as well start looking there. We have limited resources, after all. We have proof that life exists here, so we know it's physically possible. It appears that physics works more or less the same everywhere, and the universe is really big. If there was a lot of exotic elements out there, we'd have seen it with our telescopes. It would point to new physics, for a start, since we don't think very heavy elements are likely to form naturally at all, let alone be stable long enough to be observed in any quantity. Even if such elements are out there in the universe in tiny quantities, we'd run into a billion carbon-based biospheres before we found any. It's a hobby, like building model airplanes or playing Call of Duty. Nobody said it had to be worthwhile. It's probably more worthwhile than commenting on Hacker News, but that's a judgement call. Indonesia's the most well-known example. Also people who shoot raw photos. They're like 35MB each, an order of magnitude bigger than jpegs. They can eat up gigabytes (though to be fair, not terabytes) pretty fast. I have about 525GB of photos and videos that I've taken over years. Something like 300GB is jpegs. If I'd exclusively shot raw files I would need 3-4TB to store everything. Google Photos has some AI tied into it- it tries to autotag photos into categories like "selfies" and "concerts" and "Christmas" (to name a few at random) and it isn't completely perfect, but not horrible. Not so useful for me, since I don't care to upload my entire photo collection to Google. Something like this that either works offline or can progressively tag photos and insert those tags in a format Lightroom could read would be awfully useful. The Constitution is pretty much only as strong as the institutions that interpret and enforce it. It's all sort of a collective hallucination that the Constitution has any power in and of itself. "Godelian" defects seem a lot less dangerous to me than plain-old human factors. The UK manages to be a Parliamentary democracy without having a single coherent constitution at all, let alone one free of logical defects- so having a perfectly consistent and "loophole-free" constitution doesn't seem particularly important in practice. The easiest way to wholly undermine the US Constitution is to just expand the Supreme Court bench and then pack it with your cronies, who will then let you do whatever you want and call it constitutional. No amendment needed! Google seems to understand it perfectly. https://www.google.com/search?q=SoundCloud+Go $80k for an HIV cure is cheap compared to a lifetime of HIV treatment. "The most recent published estimate of lifetime HIV treatment costs was $367,134 (in 2009 dollars; $379,668 in 2010 dollars)." http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/programresources/guidance/costeffecti... "Another new discovery is that pendulum clocks are not only synchronous but also move more slowly over time and thus are not very reliable timekeepers." Wait, what? That's surely not a "discovery"... Also there's no single, official CSV standard. It does not. At a practical level, you can't "wiggle" one entangled particle to be in any particular classical state without destroying the entanglement. At a theoretical level, the no-communication theorem in quantum mechanics forbids it absolutely: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-communication_theorem And worse, it is just regurgitating the Vanity Fair article, which has the same claim about a public API and is just as wrong. Great "journalism" there! Publishing your name and photo on Tinder isn't exactly hiding in the first place. You are putting it out there for any stranger at all to see. I still hear "backslash" invoked in URLs once in a while, and it still bugs me to no end. It's 2016! You are a radio announcer! You should know how to pronounce URLs by now! So frustrating. If it were a -human- painting a fake Rembrandt, no matter how perfect an imitation, it would be called "a very very good imitation of Rembrandt" and nobody would claim that they'd in any sense brought Rembrandt back to life. Calling a very good forged Rembrandt a "new Rembrandt" would be pretty silly. Calling one generated by a computer a "new Rembrandt" seems just as silly. Just because it was composed by an algorithm doesn't make it Rembrandtier than one painted by an expert forger. Pretty cool as a technical achievement, though. probably a good thing, you wouldn't want most of the calls to be answered by people very unhappy to be cold-called by some random foreigner... This is more or less how NearlyFreeSpeech works. You can set what level of identity proof you need to reset your password, or disable reset entirely. They seem pretty serious about it! NearlyFreeSpeech seems pretty serious about this sort of thing: https://www.nearlyfreespeech.net/about/faq#LostEverything Kobo used to sell an itty bitty e-reader (4 or 5 inches?) that would slip into a pocket. Seemed perfect for travel, but I never ended up buying one. Not quite trivial: people can crop, skew, vignette, mirror, timestretch and scale video to try to defeat it. YouTube's Content ID seems to be vulnerable to this sort of thing still. >And if a security surveillance system flags you what is the consequence? Who does that consequence apply to? http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-35111363 > "What you can do now is link your face-recognition system to Facewatch and it will pull down the watch list that's relevant for your premises and your group," he says. "Then, if someone walks into your premises, it will send you an alert." So if you have a criminal record, or your face somehow ends up in that database, you could find yourself followed around shops and asked (or told) to leave. These sorts of massive watch lists aren't feasible with merely human recognizers. It's creepy because if someone took a picture of you, combed through enough records to attach your name to it, and then browsed through all your online presence, you'd be creeped out. This just automates the process. If they started knocking on your neighbors doors asking about you, you'd be worried too. It's weird to pry into complete strangers' lives uninvited. I don't think that is an actual Kobo reader. It doesn't even have an e-ink display! I think the device I was thinking of was the Kobo Mini: http://www.amazon.com/Kobo-N705-KBO-W-Mini-E-Reader/dp/B009A... If you don't have a timer, the easiest way to take a self portrait is pop the camera on a tripod and open the shutter for the longest exposure your camera can handle. Then, you move really fast as you get into position and then stand still for the remainder of the exposure. You'll look a little bit transparent and be surrounded by fainter motion blur from when you were getting into position. I've done exactly this on moonlit nights, and the result looks completely consistent with the photo in the article. You also get ghostly duplicates if you hesitate as you get into position. Could the shutter speed was an accident and the subject happened to pause enough to show up visibly on the image- much like the first photographed human, who was getting his shoe shined: http://mashable.com/2014/11/05/first-photograph-of-a-human/ If it's not a selfie, it's an extraordinarily lucky accident that there's a recognizable human in the photo. ed: it's possible it was just really dark, and all the photos were exposed for that long. Someone wanted a picture of Korneyev, and he moved during the exposure. But the combination of "blurry person" and "crisp person" makes me lean towards the selfie hypothesis. Someone trying and failing to stand still won't wave a flashlight around. Someone rushing to get into a selfie shot might. Video cards supported swapping palettes out in real time. http://www.effectgames.com/effect/article.psp.html/joe/Old_S... > Back then video cards could only render 256 colors at a time, so a palette of selected colors was used. But the programmer could change this palette at will, and all the onscreen colors would instantly change to match. It was fast, and took virtually no memory. Thus began the era of color cycling. Did you speed read over the first sentence? I had the same thought. "Oh, we're rediscovering forms and iframes then?" Code like it's 1999! Not that that is a bad thing, but it is kind of funny to see. The "basic HTML" version of GMail still exists, it barely uses Javascript[1]. That counts as a webapp, right? That's how email "apps" worked on the internet for a decade before the one-page-app became feasible and popular. It looks like crap by current standards, but it works just fine. I wouldn't call its scriptlessness an "abuse" by any means- that's just how it used to be done. [1] there's a little bit that handles time zones, I think, but that's it... oh, and autocomplete and some alerts to catch you navigating away from an unsaved draft, that sort of thing. You can do async upvoting without Javascript if you abuse a GET request loaded in an iframe. Comment collapse can be done if you abuse CSS and checkboxes. These aren't really GOOD ideas, but someone who really, really doesn't want to use Javascript has options. Plus, there's a pretty easy way to do a realtime graph without javascript. You just embed it in an iframe; the iframe page needs a meta refresh tag for every few seconds. Or abuse GIFs: https://github.com/jbochi/gifstreaming All the people chronically sickened by malaria (but not killed) could be more productive. Probably the strain from chronic malaria is worse for an economy than any theoretical strain due to feeding a few million more people. Most mosquitoes don't bite humans; we will leave those alone. Birds can eat those all they like. People noticed an effect every time the Dean Drive was turned on... but it is just a stiction engine and obviously won't work in space. It could be this drive is actually generating magnetic forces or moving air around and thus "creating thrust" by pushing off its surroundings, which won't work in a vacuum. You could do something like the Rosetta disk, where you just physically engrave the glyphs. http://rosettaproject.org/disk/concept/ Of course then you need to work out what the language is actually saying, but plain "glyph retrieval" can be done with a desktop microscope and some time. An alien that operates in a roughly human way (has eyes, language, linear writing) would probably understand that it encodes meaning, even if it ends up like Linear A and undecipherable. In corn at least, hybrid vigor usually means the 2nd generation crop isn't very good and farmers almost always buy new seed every year. This isn't true for all crops, but for corn, buying new seed was common long before GMOs. http://passel.unl.edu/pages/informationmodule.php?idinformat... > The crop produced from open-pollinated seed harvested from a single-cross hybrid will not be as productive as the original single cross. Languages do exist with gender-neutral pronouns. Is Hungarian full of "sjw" crap? Adding a gender neutral pronoun to English isn't a crazy idea- "sibling" is a gender-neutral 20th Century invention and it fits in fine. I'm partial to "they" as the easiest option (it has a long history of being used in the singular) but constructed pronouns would work too. Probably there are, but they're hardly likely to rely on it working cross-origin, and if they are they almost deserve to have it broken... I find it much easier to recall a particular picture of someone's face than their face "in general." Embodied mathematics is what you are describing I think. The idea is that mathematics arises out of ordinary experience extended by metaphor. It charts a pretty satisfying middle ground between Platonism and Fictionalism. Mathematics is a story, but it is "at the bottom" tied into our experience of everyday reality. Do real numbers exist? Probably not, but the the continuum is like a long stick you can make marks on. Can you have a trillion apples, so you know that a trillion + a trillion is two trillion? No, but you can reason about "trillion" as existing metaphorically. You're right, but when people began to hear it again in the 20th century, they didn't think "ah, I know that word! It's Old English." It wasn't, at the beginning of the 20th Century, an English word at all. I'm not sure reintroducing a word from a long-dead language (even if it's an antecedent to your own) is much different from just making a new word up, other than it might sound a bit better if the language is related. Words can come from anywhere; why not invent the ones you need? Laser radar quark... I would argue that languages evolve when someone needs to express a concept and reaches for a word, finds nothing, and improvises. The first person who does it always stands out, but if other people around them have the same need, the word catches on. Eventually, the perception of arrogance mellows and it becomes an ordinary word. I don't like artificial pronouns either, they stick in my mouth and feel weird, and I'm lazy so I use they. But other people have other preferences or needs so I try to tamp down any unproductive instinctive reaction in myself- who am I to say in a hundred years we won't be using them? After all, our post-singularity AI offspring won't have the same idea of gender as we do... Maybe because proxies got a bad name from sketchy free proxies? There are sketchy free VPNs now, but "Businesses use VPNs for security" is a pretty powerful idea, I guess. I'm (probably badly) summarizing Lakoff & Nunez's book: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Where_Mathematics_Comes_From Neither are capital-P Philosophers, and I don't remember if they actually make a claim that their ideas are philosophically distinct from fictionalism- they're more worried about platonists! The other approach I'm fond of is saying mathematical objects exist but only inside the heads of mathematicians. As long as mathematicians share a particular idea and can talk about it, it's math. So when I point to the real numbers, I'm pointing at a real thing: the shared idea of them. There's no Platonic realm, but they exist in the mind. It parallels how mathematics is really done (a proof is only a proof if it convinces mathematicians) so I find it compelling on that front. > This is like someone having the scepter of an Egyptian king The point of a scepter is that you can wave it around in front of your subjects, not leave it in a vault somewhere all the time. It's more like the actual grave goods the Egyptian kings were buried with, maybe. > Sol LeWitt is an unusual artist in that he rarely painted, drew, or sculpted the art you see by him. Instead, he wrote out instructions for artwork, and then left it to “constructors”—often art students, museum curators, or others, to do the actual work of fabrication. LeWitt liked to be a recipe writer, not a chef. So. Algorithmic art, except executed by humans instead of the traditional computer. "calculate z_{n+1} = z_n²+1 for each point repeatedly; color it black if it converges..." The instructions are more useful. If you don't already know how to calculate the Mandelbrot set, "Draw a Mandelbrot set!" is meaningless to you and presumes knowledge you don't have. It also doesn't specify how to color it; maybe you end up coloring it black if it diverges instead! Addendum: The artist in the article specified the algorithm (“Within a circle draw 10,000 straight black lines and 10,000 black not straight lines. All lines are randomly spaced and equally distributed.”) and not the result ("Somehow, incredibly... an infinite field of stars emerges"). So I described another algorithm that produces an incredible, unexpected result- one that we use silicon to calculate rather than people. Further addendum: the Chaos Game is an interesting way to approximate a fractal that you can implement with pencil, paper, ruler, and lots of time on your hands: 1. Draw three points. Best results if they're roughly the vertices of an equilateral triangle. 2. Pick a point at random inside the notional triangle and mark it 3. Pick one of the vertices at random and mark the midpoint between your chosen point and that vertex 4. That midpoint is your new chosen point. Return to 3, rinse and repeat. I still remember the day I leveled up by setting up an SSH tunnel via my family's PC and walking into school with putty.exe on a thumb drive! They paid the guys who own it, who are from the UAE and are presumably only too happy to facilitate a poke at the Iranian regime. The script detecting adblockers can't fire if you have scripts turned off :) They could just have the overlay default-on and use a script to remove it, or stick it in a noscript tag, but that's another order of dickishness I've never seen outside of local newspapers, who sometimes put a meta redirect in their noscript tags for this precise purpose... Sounds like Teletext 2.0- The BBC Micro could even get software over Teletext for a while, and that was the 80s! I wonder if Victorian balloonists experienced an analogue to the Overview Effect astronauts experience. I can't imagine what being the first people to see from high above would have been like. My recollection is that the closed formula (with phi) is derived from the generating function as well, though the derivation was nigh miraculous when I saw it done. I'm reminded of some of the descriptions of Discworld's Ankh-Morpork- it keeps getting invaded but in the end each wave of invaders ends up subsumed into the metropolis, and the city continues more or less unchanged. I just want someone to put e-ink displays on hard drives so I can stop labelling all my loose drives with sticky notes. Has anyone tried to challenge that sort of thing in the European Court of Human Rights? They are good until you need to run real software, like your prof's favorite little simulation software, written in Java, that happily works on Linux and Windows... but not ChromeOS. At college printing was the norm- there are a lot of assorted articles assigned as readings, they are PDFs generated by a student worker and a copy machine, and reading them on a screen borders on physically painful because you can't reflow the text. Just printing out hundreds of pages really was the best option so far as I could tell. Question: how does Bitcoin help you get around currency controls? Who is selling Bitcoin for Venezuelan money? It does- I remember enough from Linear Algebra that vector spaces aren't completely foreign, which helps a lot. I think the generating-function method[1] is a case of pulling out a powertool (generating functions) to prove a simple thing to demonstrate the power of the tool, whereas your explanation takes the direct route and connects more of the threads about why it's true. [1] found an instance here: http://austinrochford.com/posts/2013-11-01-generating-functi... I will give that a read. I've never been comfortable with the "physical effect" argument, but I've only ever seen it presented in pop media as a fait accompli, so it's a relief that there's serious consideration of other explanations. (2014) The only phone we know has been hacked by this method is in the FBI's hands: they have a warrant. It's possible the contractor in question is a gray-hat hacker who really hasn't ever performed the hack on any phones they don't own, which makes everything they've done perfectly legal. It may be yours to view, but it's not yours to copy and republish. That's what copyright is all about- the right to view and the right to copy are explicitly unbundled, and the former hardly ever implies the latter. You can't assume that if someone lets you into their house, they've implicitly granted you the right to enter their house whenever you want or invite your own guests. There's no disclaimer needed, ever, because it's their property. Copyright just extends that idea to intellectual property. It was more that it was consistent about time travel, rather than correct. The blog has code preventing ctrl/alt/shift as well, presumably as a crude anti-copy device. What is this, 2003?! Who does that? It just screams self-important and under informed, two qualities not previously associated with Satoshi. The thing that convinced me of his insincerity is that his website has right-click "protection." And it alert()s if you press ctrl-C in another hamfisted attempt at "copy protection". What genuine computer expert does that, let alone in 2016? Especially one who has thought seriously about cryptography. It would be a bit embarrassing to rewrite in Rust and then have the network penetrated because they screwed up the crypto during the rewrite... I am sympathetic to him, but there is no constitutional right to an unbought press (like he is quoted as alleging). Editorial independence is not enshrined by the Constitution. At all. To clarify, this is obviously a bad thing if it happened like he says, but since the press is free, his employer is allowed to fire him and find someone who will express a different opinion. It's a pretty bonehead decision to fire someone over a nearly completely inoffensive cartoon though... It is an issue. I was responding to the allegation in the article that the Constitution was supposed to protect against this sort of thing, which it isn't. Yellow journalism was the water the founding fathers swam in; editorial independence is a relatively new idea. https://ethics.journalism.wisc.edu/2012/12/19/breaking-down-... It's a very good idea, and it should be preserved and fought for, but it's not an idea that has any basis in the Constitution. "Not technically illegal" is not much of a claim to morality, obviously. Firing a cartoonist because an advertiser doesn't like him is against the public interest, and probably against the long-term interests of the paper itself; it's a bad idea and the people who did it should feel bad, and they deserve all the bad press they get. My Little Pwnie: System() is Magick Magick: The Pwning Big-O describes an upper limit in itself. Something that is O(N) is also O(2^N). No less-than needed, it's included in the definition of big-O. Bullying probable conmen is a reasonable way to try and discourage future conmen. Come 'round our town selling snake oil, and you get run out on a rail. It's disproportionate; that's the point. It's a sort of social control. The key could be in a vault inside his secret volcano base. If someone just wires him $ to charter a flight, he can retrieve his millions and share it. I wonder if the scam he has been running is "front me money to build a supercomputer to bruteforce my passworded wallet containing Satoshi's millions." This would be more convincing if he were actually Satoshi and 'lost' the password.... They're hashes. If you don't have the number that hashes to and address, you can't run a server at that address. I never said it was a good idea, but that's why people care about people like Wright walking in and appearing to try to take them for a ride. The response can be completely maladaptive, and cause more harm than good, but that doesn't mean it's completely unreasonable. It's the same reason people get steamed at companies like Theranos. In this case, it's nuts because everyone agrees on what the standard of evidence is, including him, and he's refused to provide it and acting hurt that people are sceptical. Many people gave him the benefit of the doubt when Gavin et al vouched for him; it's entirely his behavior afterwards that has turned people against him. > "The Big Bang" is just as hand-wavy as "God." No, it isn't. The Big Bang theory doesn't say anything about a prime mover. The Big Bang theory is simply: once, in the past, the universe was very dense and extremely hot. Ever since then, it's been getting less dense and less hot. Further back, there's a singularity, which we can't reason well about because our math stops giving answers that seem physical (what does infinite density even mean?). The Big Bang says nothing about why or how the universe got to be so hot and dense a finite time ago. Was there a previous "Big Crunch"? Was there a quantum soupy bulk? Eternal inflation? The Big Bang theory doesn't care. It just describes what we think the early universe looked like. Ah, so, that's another problem. There's no obvious way to describe the transition between "singularity" and "not a singularity." Look at the graph of 1/x. There's a singularity at x=0. You can't describe the slope between any part of the equation and the singularity, since the derivative is also singular at the origin. At x=0, you're actually outside the domain of the function and the slope between x=0 and x=a is undefined. So what I mean is, it's not even clear that "the singularity began to expand" is a meaningful statement at all. Spacetime came into existence (as far as we can tell) with the big bang, and ordinary ideas of an "event" require a before and after. So far as anyone can tell, there might not have been a before at all, so talking about an event happening at "time zero" is... tricky. The Big Bang theory concerns itself with all instants that the universe had some finite extent. The equations go singular if you look back far enough, but it's possible there wasn't even a singularity, and our math is wrong: the universe was very, very dense, but not infinitely dense, and then expanded. We don't know. If every time an airplane returned to the gate when someone behaved rudely to a neighbor, it would never take off. Have you considered the possibility he has a fear of flying and was using mathematics to take his mind off it, and he was desperately trying to fend off her disrupting his productively distracting train of thought? There's all sorts of very good reasons not to talk to strangers. You can almost certainly restrict it on public broadcast TV, which would be a good start. The FCC has pretty broad powers to regulate broadcast TV and radio compared to other kinds of speech. For example: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fairness_Doctrine#Decisions_of... You would just cross each street that feeds in/out, right? No cutting across the islands. Bristol's bearpit is like that, there are underpasses that take you under the road and into the "pit" in the middle, so you can cut straight across- much more convenient and less confusing than attempting to cross the feeder roads. Bit scary at night, mind. My browser hangs for ten seconds as soon as I try to load the page, followed by an unresponsive script error. I'm on a pretty anemic computer, but there's got to be a way to keep my browser responsive while it loads in everything it needs. Surprising, no. Surprising to see it in writing from the FBI? Yeah, a little. A supernatural God is inherently morally good if you subscribe to a monotheistic religion. A sufficiently advanced "mechanical God" may or may not be moral at all. In practice it might be impossible to tell the difference. It is expensive, but still cheaper than treating someone in the US with HepC for life, which Medicaid is already paying. Cargo cults might be an analog. > Cult members worship certain "Americans" (such as John Frum and Tom Navy), who they claimed had brought cargo to their island during World War II, as the spiritual entity who would provide the cargo to them in the future. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cargo_cult#Causes.2C_beliefs.2... And my personal favorite: > The people of the Yaohnanen area believe that Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, the consort to Queen Elizabeth II, is a divine being. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip_Movement Current MRIs need liquid helium to keep their electromagnets superconducting. Short of room-temperature superconductors... how are they planning to pull this off? Screw wearability, being able to make an MRI machine smaller than a small car that doesn't need helium would be worth $$$ on its own. Somebody turned the sliders too far up (: Something about derelict places seems to invite people to turn their HDR up to 11. Honestly refusing in person visits by default should be outlawed on the grounds of being cruel and unusual punishment. But America loves to be cruel, so I doubt modern courts would establish a Constitutional right to in-person visitation. Too bad, because imho video-only visitation is a human rights abuse. Facebook showed me an ad about an artist that I "Like" on Facebook- they had a concert coming up near me in a couple weeks. This was a band I liked, but hadn't been following closely, and wouldn't have known about their concert otherwise- they had never toured anywhere near me before! Bought a ticket and attended a great show. This is the one and only time a targeted ad really was useful to me, but it sure was useful. Maybe the safety feature shouldn't be disable-able at all. Imagine if Google routinely published details of people's search history if they complained about Google making crappy software? "I searched for 'friendly women pictures', and Google showed me porn!" Google: "no, you searched for X,Y,Z porn repeatedly at 3:30 PM every day for a year" It's the natural order of regulated capitalism, the regulations just enforce a floor. The incentive to get as low as possible is still there- companies will push edge cases that aren't regulated until someone notices and builds a floor under that, too. I should say, it's the natural order of regulated capitalism in the absence of strong unions. If you have unions they can push back against crappy working conditions on their own, with only nominal government backing (ie laws that encourage and legitimize unions). The most luxurious TLD, only available from The Sharper Image Whenever I've withdrawn money from a bank in person I've gotten nice clean bills, fwiw Moto G has it turned on. There was even a variant sold in Brazil that had a TV tuner! Aha, I was mistaken, it came with a separate antenna, after all. Still cool, though. Or perhaps it could use headphones, like the FM radio? Most of the info is in Portuguese so I'm not sure. Ed: Here's an example of it being used. There's a little antenna plugged in the headphone port. Pretty neat trick. https://youtu.be/hfhx4OLi_Q4?t=282 Not always: > In February 2004, for example, Formations House created three companies: Corporate Nominees, Legal Nominees, and Professional Nominees. The second company owns the other two, while itself being owned by the first company. The third company is secretary for the other two, while its own secretary is the first company. The second company is director of the other two, while its own director is the first company. These three companies then became directors, secretaries and shareholders of other structures, in an increasingly baffling multidimensional web of crisscrossing lines of control. If you looked for the companies’ real owners, the most you could eventually discover was that the original three all owned, controlled and managed each other. https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/apr/19/offshore-ce... This was fixed in law in 2008 in the UK, but for all I know there are jurisdictions that allow these sorts of shenanigans still. Perl "0 but true" counts as a magic string, probably. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/129945/what-does-0-but-tr... The number of people willing to wade through the terrible experience of ordering tickets online to see their favorite artists does suggest that the first rule is, be popular. Agreed 110%. Gimme a screenshot of something built with it, a snippet of a Hello World, tell me where it runs, point me to the docs, and point me to a download. I can't use scrolling pictures of people looking at code(!), I'm not about to watch a keynote, I don't want a "developer story", I don't want links to "companies using"! I shouldn't need to click twice to get to "features," that ought to be the first thing I see! The remainder might well be useful for some audiences, and as jumping-off point to get a sense of the ecosystem and community around the software, but put it at least a little bit below the fold. > 3D editing applications You can do 3D editing on the web, at least in a fairly basic way. http://threejs.org/editor/ They're a cultural import from Japan. People like them. That's really a good enough reason. A one-state machine that immediately halts, will always halt, regardless of the input. The halting problem cannot be solved in general, but some programs can be proven to halt (or not halt). That's how the first few Busy Beaver numbers were found. For something more substantial: a correct program that implements a regular language recognizer will always halt eventually on any input, because it always makes progress and doesn't have any nonterminating loops. It consumes the whole input and stops. The hard part is proving you wrote it correctly, but that's what coq et al are for. I use Metal, which Appifies the mobile site. It even supports notifications, I think, but I turned them off. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nam.fbwrap... I gave it a google, and per Math StackOverflow: > One can make statements about π or any other explicitly defined real number, as theorems about a specific sequence of rational approximations https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/501/if-all-sets-wer... But what if one side, realizing its weapons are getting stale, decide that the other side's weapons are staler, and thinks it can launch a first strike with relative impunity? Strong crypto doesn't help at all if you have the sort of spyware discussed in the article installed on your computer. It knows everything you do. Yes but that does you very little good when you need to provide remote tech support to your parents. VNC doesn't help you forward ports through router firewalls or provide dyndns so you can actually find the IP address of the computer you installed it on. They're still very useful in the US. If I want to give someone money and I know their name and address, often the easiest way to do this is by writing a check and mailing it to them. The shortening certainly works better in newspaper headlines and song lyrics! Correct, there is no way to reliably determine race via genes or any other physical method, and biologically speaking race doesn't exist. But you can find genes that determine phenotypes that people think are racially relevant (skin color, hair texture, eye shape, etc) and you could imagine a gene drive that could do bad things to people with those genes. Whether those people are always (or even primarily) identified as or identify with a particular race could only be awfully approximate, but the effects could still be really bad. Traveling in Sweden I was amazed at how products would have instructions where whole sentences really only had two or three words different in the different Scandinavian languages so only those words were translated, inline, separated by slashes. It would be like having bilingual English/French text that went "Hello/Bonjour! Welcome to our home/maison!" So, the feasibility of semiautomated translation doesn't come as a great surprise! I think you've reinvented the milkman. Regular milk deliveries might be a little bit more inconvenient than automatically ordered milk, but it's vastly simpler. The pyramids were probably massive public works projects, with off-season farmers making up the workforce, paid in beer. Not slave labor. I've read arguments that the dot-com boom and bust caused a huge amount of internet infrastructure to be built out- which were still available for the post-crash companies to use for cheap, because all the capital costs had been paid for already (by the investors who lost everything in the crash). At a first approximation, it sounds like the problem is perverse incentives, not buggy code. The code does what it's supposed to, but it has consequences that were either not noticed or not publicised. As long as any video provider can sign up to the program without paying protection money (which, so far as I know, right now they can) I don't see the problem. Sure, it gives Netflix an advantage, but only over providers that haven't bothered to sign up to the scheme for some reason. Jamming doesn't block the signal, it shouts over the signal. So, if your receiver can't hear the jammer, it will be unaffected, even if receivers between you and the satellite can hear the jammer. I use this Firefox addon. It destroys cookies set by a tab when you close it, by default. You can turn it off selectively per-website, so it's easy to stay logged in when you want to be. https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/self-destruct... BetterPrivacy completely destroys Flash localstorage on close, which is important because SDC doesn't get them. https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/betterprivacy... They are civil cases- the objects aren't being charged with crimes. Crown Copyright is a thing in the UK: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crown_copyright I know I am much more willing to run some software downloaded from a website that looks like it hasn't changed since the late 90s and is maintained by one person and their dog. There's one where they are convinced to reenact the Dead Parrot Sketch which is quite something: https://youtu.be/YM5QMKLjjm8 Lenny is apparently quite effective against telemarketers: http://toao.net/595-lenny Speciation can occur more or less immediately if two species produce a successful hybrid. It's much more common in plants, but it happens in animals too. The idea is, you have two species that occasionally produce viable offspring, which are themselves reproductively isolated from their own parent species. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hybrid_speciation Moonquakes exist too... I'd naively expect a lot less noise in space, and you don't have to worry about moon dust gumming up the works. And you can just lob three satellites up one at a time and arrange them more or less as you like, rather than having to deal with intervening geography. See also: Kugelblitzes https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kugelblitz_%28astrophysics%29 It seems that it happens when they merge, since: > The cataclysmic event saw the black holes, one eight times more massive than the sun, the other 14 times more massive, merge into one about 21 times heavier than the sun. In the process, energy equivalent to the mass of the sun radiated into space as gravitational waves. So the final black hole had rather less mass than the sum of the original two. https://www.theguardian.com/science/2016/jun/15/gravitationa... I use Diceware for those things, in case I have to use them over the phone. "My dog's name is effervescent mandible egg voldemort; my mother's maiden name is regent utterly busted harpy" Infrared cameras need a warrant right now, so probably anything else that sees through walls into a residence would also. The law isn't a formal system so I'm pretty sure incompleteness doesn't apply in a straightforward way. I'm not familiar with Ethereum programs, but it seems to me that it's not possible to answer the practically-identical question, "How much gas does this program need to start with to guarantee it will either get into a loop or halt of its own accord before it runs out of gas?" Or, to put it another way, it sounds like the language is Turing complete in roughly the same way C is Turing complete even though every C program ever instantiated is actually a linear bounded automaton because there's no such thing as an infinite tape. Like, I can announce that my C-like language will always halt after a trillion-trillion operations and therefore the halting problem is "solved" for it, but for all other purposes it's almost exactly as difficult to reason about as a Turing machine. What if I register a domain with a shell corp and a straw "contact" who is an employee of Mossack Fonseca (or whatever)? If I want to transfer the domain I just sell the shell corp. How can code on a blockchain decide whether an eBay listing was fraudulent without paying humans to make the determination? Unless you have a general AI up your sleeve! Reality (and our eyesight) is inherently HDR. HDR photos can more accurately represent what humans perceive. China has a much longer history than the modern democratic nation-state. The US has held itself together for a couple of hundred years... that's not a bad track record but it is very, very short. Re: governments stepping in to destroy, how do you think American Indians ended up where they are today? It was hardly voluntary. And on top of that, the treaty rights they nominally have are often not enforced. Mineral rights are held "in trust" by the government and are not managed for the Indians' benefit. I escalated access to my school district's webserver and accidentally took it down. For some reason I was trying to close the hole I had used; instead, I default denied all access. Whoops. I explained what happened to a teacher, he called in the IT group, my change was reverted and nothing was ever spoken about it again. I also hacked the online grade review site, which was trivially hackable (javascript password protection, wtf), told a teacher, nothing happened to fix it (or to damage me) and I dropped the issue. Both of those were done in attempt to be altruistic but technically both were completely illegal. Since no administrator ever found out, no cops were ever called and no prosecutorial discretion was in play, but I wouldn't want to bet I'd have been "let off", which is sort of terrifying. And the Roman Republic lasted a while, but it was eventually replaced by the Empire. You can't sell yourself into chattel slavery even if you are an "expert." For good reason. Either you allow those sorts of contracts or you acknowledge that some contracts are unconscionable. Being able to opt out of the legal system would result in private "security" forces with the legal right to hold you upside down by the ankles and shake until you pay up (but, hey, the interest rate was better than the payday loan company that didn't make you sign away your rights, so you took the one with the opt-out). The result would be something out of "Snow Crash." Or a TV sketch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLfghLQE3F4 Hybrid speciation can happen, where the hybrids don't breed with the parent species but do with each other. NoScript lets you pick which domains you permit to run javascript. No. Mostly plants. But, there are some interesting animal examples. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hybrid_speciation#Known_cases_... Out of curiosity, how do you buy bitcoin? > I hate cloud services, but they keep such things minimal Have you tried Google's Inbox on an underpowered Linux box? It's horrendously slow, in my experience. Gmail is fine though. Some web based software is really good, but others can definitely be a CPU hog. Try Alaska? Quantum effects are still physical. If your behavior is determined by the collapse of a wavefunction, is that more free-willish than behavior determined by a prior state? A double-slit photon doesn't choose a slit via free will, so I'm not sure how quantum mechanics helps inject free will into the brain. Right, but there are things like surreal numbers that feel more like constructs- useful, interesting and so forth, but not discovered in the real world so much as a tool built out of available materials. Math dances along the edge between discovery and invention. The Higgs fell out of math that was originally designed to model the world. It was a testable prediction of a physical theory. The math could have been wrong. The math probably is wrong, except about other things than the Higgs. I'm not valuing anything. I'm saying that if I build a toy axiomatic system, there's no reason a priori to believe that it resembles anything in the physical world. Such a system (say, Peano arithmetic) doesn't actually make any predictions about the real world at all, and cannot be falsified scientifically. It's like saying, I painted a picture of a dog, therefore I have discovered a dog, by proving that it could exist. Except your depiction is of a 100-foot-tall mecha-dog that definitely doesn't exist. Mathematics is sometimes (though by no means all or most of the time) more like painting than it is like science. Ex: the Banach-Tarski paradox is almost certainly not describing anything physical. If tax revenue stays the same per person, then there shouldn't be any problem funding the justice system as population grows, as long as the arrest rate stays the same. Whitelisted programs can be dangerous too- Word macros, PowerShell scripts, etc. The code running (Word, or PowerShell) is signed and kosher, but it's being scripted or coopted into behaving maliciously. When someone's an verified user, they're a public figure and have an outsize impact on the Twitter discourse (they tend to have a lot of followers). The things they say are inherently newsworthy. If the archiving is done for the purpose of scholarship or commentary it sounds like a compelling argument for it being fair use. In theory yes, in practice no. http://www.politico.com/story/2015/07/library-of-congress-tw... Peak and off-peak are quite easy to predict when it comes to electricity bills. Night is off-peak. A better analogy would be cellphone roaming, if when you placed the call, you were told exactly how much more you were going to pay per minute. Roaming is (and long distance charges used to be) even worse than Uber's surge pricing because you only see the charge afterwards. I find "they" almost always works fine as a gender-free singular pronoun. Only the first one is a pronoun, and it's one generally reserved for nonhumans. I'm sure there are people out there happy to be called 'it' (or even prefer 'it' over other pronouns) but not very many. 'They' seems much more neutral to me. Sending this sort of data through the mail unencrypted shouldn't be legal to start with, imho. It's just a matter of time before it ends up in the wrong person's hands by accident. You do have to be the kind of person who checks your data usage all the time. If you don't use much data and never hit your limit, you wouldn't check unless you knew that Pokemon Go sucked down a lot more data than you were used to. The notation came from trying to write down short polynomials, I think (quadratics, cubics, etc). Which before algebraic notation, was a huge pain in the butt. Series notation is just "this is a like a polynomial, but it goes on forever, so here are the first few terms." I think it was probably the first hints of polynomials that could stand on their own without a sane geometric interpretation. As in, "this makes no geometric sense, but I can use the same geometry-based techniques I used on squares and cubes, and it all works out, so let's just go with it." Another way to interpret it could be, "okay, take this cube with a volume, take that volume and pretend it's actually the width of another special mega-cube and never mix mega-cubes and regular cubes". If a contract pays out Ethereum to someone, and a court decides this should not have happened, the coin can still be returned manually by the recipient. If he refuses, he is in contempt of court and has to face the consequences of that. I guess you could play funny business by making it functionally impossible to return the coins (lock them up for years somehow? Hand the private key to a Russian friend?) but the the court will cheerfully seize your assets that it can. There are lots of successful software developers too, but writing out a series of rules to automate writing code is not going to happen soon. Unless day trading is substantially easier than programming, an autonomous robotrader that can make money seems unlikely. Race really is a social construct. Why do you think Jewish people are considered "white" nowadays? They didn't used to be. They really do have a shared heritage; Levites really do seem to be descended from a small group; etc. But they're white... unless you ask a neonazi. Meanwhile, there is more genetic diversity in Africa than in most of the rest of the world and yet in America there's one "black" race. In South Africa there's White, Colored and Black. In Brazil it's more complicated. People have been trying to divvy up the world into races "scientifically" and it literally never stands up to scrutiny. It can't be done. Race is a shared fiction. Heritage is real. > Chinese always hated and rejected the idea that they developed from African/black ancestors They're not very far behind the West in that regard. Piltdown man was only discredited in 1953... I love Google Auth, and SMS really does have security problems, but you need a 2FA method for dumb phones, don't you? Are there Java apps for it? Or your child calling with a friend's phone, because their phone battery died / bad service / ran out of minutes... "Susceptibility to disease"- yes, there's a genetic basis to many diseases and they can run in communities. Ashkenazi Jews have a particular constellation of diseases that are more common for them. But they are not a race. Nobody in America who isn't an anti-Semite will say you can't be Jewish and White. Space suits can't protect from radiation. No material that thin can. I use xkcd.com for this. Short safe domain, no HSTS. It's not like you have overturned the parallel postulate, the old mathematical system where it is true still exists, so it doesn't seem similar at all. The formulation Wikipedia cites is "Where is everybody?" > According to this line of thinking, the Earth should have already been visited by extraterrestrial aliens. In an informal conversation, Fermi noted no convincing evidence of this, leading him to ask, "Where is everybody?" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_paradox Honestly after the 2008 crash those highly résuméd old people start to look as untrustworthy as anyone, given a bunch of Respected Financial Institutions appear to have accidentally tanked the global economy. That's a legal idea. It doesn't bind citizens to not come to their own conclusions. We're not actually jurors. "Sleeping gas" isn't safe. Look up the Moscow theater hostage crisis. A dose enough to knock out an adult might easily kill a child. In the US, at least, homeschooling is generally allowed. Some states don't have any requirements at all on who, how, and when a student can be homeschooled as long as a parent signs the right form. Some school districts let homeschoolers take a class or two without being fully enrolled. For some students and some schools, being in school is actively bad for them, even worse than a fairly useless homeschooling experience. Some schools are just that bad. The hard part is getting into college. You can take a test (the GED) that is meant to certify that you have an equivalent to a highschool education. Still, without a transcript, you will have to lean a lot on your resume (jobs, volunteering, internships) and personal statement. Forth probably even more, since most things that are statements in other languages can be defined inside Forth, and you can end up easily building mutually incomprehensible DSLs even if they're technically runnable by the same interpreter. Zip disks? P.S. I wasn't sure if this should be a Show HN, because it's a blog post, though it's got code to play with. Knots can also be identified with spaces that don't seem "knotty" at first glance. See Thurston's Knots to Narnia[1] and Not Knot[2]. PolyCut[3] is a little applet that can visualize these knotty portals. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKSrBt2kFD4 [2] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zd_HGjH7QZo [3] http://facstaff.susqu.edu/brakke/polycut/polycut.htm My understanding is that the first intro sequence[1] was done that way, with analog video feedback, but for the Fourth Doctor's intro they were using slit-scan. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75V4ClJZME4 ED: just realized that's probably what you meant by "original." Oops. Yeah, that's right. In camera effects! It also helps that if you're seeking it out, you're going to be a lot more motivated than if it's compulsory education. If Western films make it through, it's not hard to imagine Korean educational DVDs getting in. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/12/22/north-korea... It's down to hardware & driver support, I think. The post doesn't work well at all on my Moto G, and I don't know why. The texture generation doesn't work right and the animation fails completely, and I haven't tried to debug it yet, because probably it's only that particular device that has whatever particular bug it is. Time is very easy to define naturally as long as it's always "local." Local noon is when the sun is at its highest. Local midnight is halfway between noons, come up with some subdivision, and you're done. It breaks down once you need to synchronize distant events of course... But then knowing something is X feet in the air only gives me an approximate floor number- I'd have to guess at the storey height and divide. Water pipes are a natural monopoly anyway. It doesn't make any sense for FooWater and BarWater to build out two completely separate sets of water mains which all have to be maintained. Whichever entity is running the water for a particular area, it's either going to be run by the state or contracted out by it. I don't know anywhere that isn't true, other than places where the water supply is so abysmal that people pay private firms to truck water around. Good enough motivation as any to go through with the Starshot idea. http://www.space.com/32546-interstellar-spaceflight-stephen-... At a guess, it's looking at texture and shape. There's a lot of information in texture. Stuff that looks like skin gets pink or sepia Stuff that looks like grass gets green Stuff that looks like sky gets blue Stuff that looks like fabric gets red or blue Stuff it's not sure about gets sepia Very cool to see it done automatically. It's about the level of a mediocre human colorizer which isn't bad for an algorithm... The UK doesn't have jaywalking laws and it seems to work okay. Not sure about crossing directly against a light, but in general if it's safe to cross, it's legal to cross. Why was Clinton so effective compared to the GOP's old guard? They absolutely despise their nominee- why weren't they able to pull enough dirty tricks to sink Trump? And, again, in the general, I've seen no evidence that the Clinton camp is vastly less moral than the GOP/Trump camp- why attribute all potential rigging to Clinton when the GOP has just as much reason to pull the same tricks? Similarly, the Democrats have a lot of people who wanted Clinton, and 3 million more of them appear to have turned out to vote than did Sanders supporters. I just don't see how, if widespread primary rigging is effective and not all that difficult (since the DNC, who really aren't all THAT clever, supposedly "rigged" it without much in the way of repercussions) Trump could end up the GOP nominee against the wishes of the GOP elite. It's quite easy to explain Clinton's win without any shady "rigging." It's quite difficult to manufacture 3 million net votes- that's either a lot of ballot-box stuffing or a huge voter disenfranchisement campaign and there's no evidence of either. The simplest explanation is that the Dem constituency consists of people who want her. Metafilter does moderation well. They have a team of paid moderators. It costs a token $5 to join, which means it's expensive to generate sock puppets and anyway the moderators keep your credit card on file so they can permaban you if they need to. The plan that was $35 for 5gb was pretty good though... twice that for "unlimited" doesn't seem like such a good deal unless you are hitting the limit. > $865 dollars Ah, that well known unit, the dollar^2 The other risk was that the entity on the other side of the bet would be wiped out in the crash and not be able to pay out. It's more like buying insurance on someone else's house, when you know they are a meth lab and the insurer doesn't. Dekatrons work like this :) The actual logical state of the thing is stored using a glowing plasma. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dekatron https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iF8CnG7ee-A Years at a time, yes, but with regular resupplies from the surface... I'd be more worried about how much force the structure can actually take - is it stiff enough to hold together if you strap a big rocket to the back and turn it on? What do the Russians think of this? The Zvezda module is Russian and provides pretty much all the life support... You don't even need to kill all mosquitos, just the ones that bite humans and carry disease. South America actually did manage to nearly eradicate Aedes aegypti, though the success was short lived. Aedes aegypti is not even native to South America- it's African. So eliminating it from the New World can't do that much damage given that the ecosystem got along fine before it arrived. I'm aware of that possibility, but their main niche seems to be sucking human blood and passing diseases around. Other mosquitos feed on other animals and plants, but A. aegypti really loves to eat people. Netflix shows are all on torrent sites anyway. I'm not sure they would actually lose anything if they dropped the DRM. Oh, for sure- it's not like it's Netflix that cares, its the contracts they have with content owners. I guess they could turn off DRM for the show they produce but that sounds like a technical hassle for no gain. > Those who really want to rip something and have a bit of know-how will most likely be able to do it sooner or later. The kind of piracy it does prevent is putting movies you've watched onto a USB stick and handing it to a friend who doesn't pay for a subscription. For distributing pirated content online, people wanting to download pirate content still have to spelunk through torrent trackers or Popcorn Time or whatever to actually get the video, whether it was distributed originally with DRM or not. DRM-free just makes life a little bit easier for the uploaders. > DeCSS was published in '99, yet it's still not easy for an average user (grandma) to duplicate a DVD. Would ripping a DVD really be easier without the DRM, for an average user? To strip the DRM you just need to have libdvdcss (or whatever) installed, and your ripping software strips the DRM without you even knowing it's there. It's not much harder than ripping a CD. HandBrake doesn't even tell you there's any DRM- it's completely transparent, more or less one button to rip. The fun part about eliminating the disease is that the cumulative benefit never starts going down - as long as there are people, they will benefit. 4. Bad luck A proportion of studies will produce false positives just by chance even if they're conducted perfectly. I use Self Destructing Cookies on Firefox. It burns cookies when you close tabs which seems a workable compromise. Biology (the discipline) is messy because biology (the reality) is really really messy. Everyone has a WiFi router in their home. Webcams give you great data in a particular frame, but laptops aren't always open, they move around, they only look in one direction at a time. WiFi routers just look like passive boxes. Heck, in an unfamiliar house you might have to go on an expedition to even find the thing, and a router shoved behind a cabinet can track you too. Wall-penetrating radar is already a thing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4eret12KN0 Probably a lot more accurate than (ab)using wifi routers for the purpose, but the benefit of WiFi is that other people have already conveniently installed the hardware inside their homes. My Android has an unlockable bootloader but you need to actually request the key from the manufacturer. Malware can't unlock it against my will without a jailbreak. Seems like a decent arrangement to me- safe by default, but if I want to root my phone I can. It has been tried, and works. http://www.popsci.com/genetically-modified-mosquito-knocks-o... The claims are... controversial, to say the least, and probably bunk. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bosnian_pyramid_claims "He believes the Mesoamerican pyramids and Egyptian pyramids are built by the same people as the Visočica hill... Osmanagić wishes to excavate in order to "break a cloud of negative energy, allowing the Earth to receive cosmic energy from the centre of the galaxy"" Anthropic O(1) argument: An algorithm will either finish before all humanity dies, or it won't. If it does, it's bounded from above by a constant. If it doesn't, it's completely irrelevant to everyone. So for all practical purposes every algorithm is O(1). The wikipedia article contains plenty more attacking the content of his assertions, including this letter: "We, the undersigned professional archaeologists from all parts of Europe, wish to protest strongly at the continuing support by the Bosnian authorities for the so-called "pyramid" project being conducted on hills at and near Visoko. This scheme is a cruel hoax on an unsuspecting public and has no place in the world of genuine science." His gobbeldegook about cosmic energy is a lot more fun and a shorter quote, so I went with that instead. > I even saw some reading books at the park. I mean... homeless people read books. Seems like a good use of time to me when you're unemployed and homeless. It sounds like you think is a problem for some reason? They were sending images by telegraph in the 1860s but it didn't catch on. Admittedly the ye olde faxes had to be specially prepared, it couldn't reproduce a printed image directly. But still, amazing how long it took images to routinely travel electronically. Just find a theater staffed exclusively by bored teenagers who don't enforce the policy :) I have family who share one email between two spouses. They might maintain separate personal email addresses; probably not, though. Of course removing the slave labor will radically change the economy and render parts of it untenable. imho an economy predicated on slave labor doesn't really deserve to exist at all. The Arctic is pretty big and there aren't many research boats. There are only a few dozen icebreakers in the world. https://news.usni.org/2013/07/23/u-s-coast-guards-2013-reive... Missing from the title: ...at public schools. Which, if you've been following the amount of funding cut from state schools at all, hopefully isn't too surprising. Wake me up when men are raped at the same rate as women and then we can talk about treating everyone the same. I'm almost certain I had a similar problem on Windows, though it was a few months, maybe a year ago. > “It got a little out of hand this season where it became more of a line-calling game and a sweeping game as opposed to a throwing game,” explained Miskew. “We don’t want it to be about the fabric on your broom head. We want it to be about throwing it [the rock] well.” So it sounds like they make the throwing part of the game "obsolete" since the sweepers have so much control that it doesn't matter how bad the throw was. So it's unbalancing the game in unexpected ways. Without 100% knowledge of all the physical causes, how could you ever rule out that the stuff you don't know about is caused physically? Proof that causality actually works (that physical effects are always caused by prior physical events) is not remotely on the horizon. If consciousness is something fundamentally nonphysical than causality is out the window, because my actions in the world are not actually caused by anything in the world. Field phenomena seem awfully physical to me. How does making it quantum help? A PRNG in my head makes me unpredictable until someone finds the seed; what benefits other than true randomness does a quantum brain actually "buy"? It's all still physical stuff bumping around, just a little bit nonlocal. I'm not sure you need entanglement. Embedded/embodied cognition runs with the argument that a brain isn't intelligent without a universe, and brains-in-vats models are missing something fundamental, which is all the useful stuff we offload to the body and world around us. More to the point, it starts to look like a space based death ray, which might make other nations a bit nervous... So far as I know, that's correct. There's even a handy theorem that states this pretty unequivocally! > it is not possible for one observer, by making a measurement of a subsystem of the total state, to communicate information to another observer. The theorem is important because, in quantum mechanics, quantum entanglement is an effect by which certain widely separated events can be correlated in ways that suggest the possibility of instantaneous communication. The no-communication theorem gives conditions under which such transfer of information between two observers is impossible. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-communication_theorem My understanding is that it's snooping-evident, at least in theory. If someone takes a peek at the entangled bits in transit, the entanglement will be broken and when A and B compare notes, their states will no longer be correlated. This is good for key distribution because if someone snoops a key, you know the key is compromised and throw it away. If you have a secure way to distribute your OTP I'm not sure there'd be a benefit to using quantum teleportation at all. You can't use entanglement to communicate. Quantum teleportation needs a classical channel to work. > https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-communication_theorem If you have superluminal communication, signals can travel into your subjective past, which means causality pretty much breaks down entirely. There's no theoretical reason why causality has to hold, but it would make life extremely "interesting" Sounds like a Ted Chiang story: http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v436/n7047/full/436150a... It sounds more like an SMBC comic than an XKCD one, societal collapse for unexpected reasons is an ongoing theme. You can take that artificial brain and run it at twice the speed, hook it up to the internet, reset it when it goes insane, etc. A lot of mad scientist options that aren't possible with human brains. Worst case scenario we end up with no working antibiotics. This is no worse than the pre-penicillin era. We haven't hurt ourselves by developing antibiotics. I'm sure I've read sci fi that uses the idea - they have extremely limited bandwidth so they make up for it with aggressive compression and reconstruction that more or less reduces people to a handful of parameters and uses those to animate an avatar. It relies on computation being a LOT cheaper than bandwidth. It could be that there are many genes and many mutations possible to cause it, which means two people with autism would almost certainly not share the same mutation. This would make it quite difficult to work out what the mutations are. (There is one mutation that causes something like autism, fragile-X) There's no such thing as being more evolved. More fit, maybe. We're all as evolved as each other. Otherwise you end up having to debate whether people with lactose tolerance are more evolved than people without, and so on. It gets messy. Also, the history of eugenics. Autistic people have been sterilized and institutionalized, really quite recently. So I'm allergic to talk about people being more or less evolved. The real ethical issue is that you're giving "performance enhancers" to babies. We can't test this stuff in vitro or in adults, not really. So any baby born this way is, in some sense, an experiment. And crucially, so are all of those babies' children and their children, because they will inherit some or all of the genetic changes. Racists could try and build in genetic triggers to cause any "mixed race" grandchildren to die in the womb. This is impossible to do in general but someone might try. Imagine someone engineering "Aryan" children whose children must be blond and blue-eyed and will self-abort if not. If this happens, you'd imagine a cottage industry of gene-drive-removers... and then genetic DRM mechanisms in turn. Not a good time for anyone. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_drive They'll certainly notice our CO2 contribution to the atmosphere if there are any ice cores left to sample. Also probably all the plastic in the oceans, until something evolves that eats it all. Custody battles are complicated enough as it is... Do you have any friends with babies? Because babies can get sick from diseases before they can be vaccinated. If your kid gets measles or whatever and gives it to an unvaccinated baby, your "caution" is not going to be any comfort to the baby's parents. Similarly, immune-compromised people who might not be able to get vaccinated or, if they are, are vulnerable anyway. Vaccination isn't just for you, it's for everyone around you. There's also Achron, an RTS game that uses time travel as a key mechanic. There's a single timeline, but it's malleable. http://www.achrongame.com/ I was under the impression allowing people to access the internet at large is explicitly part of Tor's design. If you want something more inward-facing, I2P seems to lean in that direction. I2P's comparison with Tor suggests this too: https://geti2p.net/en/comparison/tor Tor: "Designed and optimized for exit traffic, with a large number of exit nodes" I2P: "Designed and optimized for hidden services, which are much faster than in Tor" Don't a lot of the big providers pass emails between each other encrypted with TLS? And emails internal to Yahoo's email system wouldn't be visible to your ISP or anyone outside of Yahoo. https://www.google.com/transparencyreport/saferemail/ The shortest distance between two points on sphere is along the great circle that contains the points, and are the closest thing to a "straight line" you can have on a sphere. Straight lines on a Mercator projection aren't great circles, they're rhumb lines, and if anything they're a spiral on the sphere, not straight. The reason 12, 24, 60 are so useful is how many factors they have. You can divide the first two in half and thirds, and 60 additionally by 5ths and 10ths without resorting to fractions. Being able to more simply divide by thirds and sixths might not be important most of the time, but it's not completely useless, and you can't do it in base-10. Nobody has managed to find any documents that passed through Clinton's email server that were labeled as classified, let alone Top Secret. (One or two documents had classified sections, which were labeled with small (c) marks. The document should have had big CLASSIFIED marks, but since it didn't, missing a (c) next to a paragraph is not an arrestable offense) Point taken. You're correct on all points. Discussing classified matters through an insecure method is a far cry from physically taking documents home, not least because it's clear the discussions were being undertaken as part of her official duties. Taking documents home is a lot more ambiguous as to intent. I'm a big fan of the Alexander horned sphere, which is even weirder. The interior is simply connected (like the interior of a sphere) but the exterior isn't. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_horned_sphere I think they might be talking about reversible computing? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reversible_computing?wprov=sfl... Based on other people's attempts to please it, I thought it would like this close-up of a snail I took. 9.4/10 and a ribbon so I guess we know what it likes! https://keegan.regaind.io/p/rUMLzUc5SO-aZUoZzz31Tg On the other hand, it doesn't like the lighting or colors on this, and wants more bokeh. I'm willing to grant that the composition is dull, but the colors? https://keegan.regaind.io/p/pQ9U6CiMRKWNkYVgqLZTCQ And again it complains about lighting, which is probably the last thing I would worry about on this one: https://keegan.regaind.io/p/-CC6phAPScux1CSYPqY24Q And this one has the same light, and cleaner composition, but it still complains- I'm not sure what it thinks would improve it. "Bad composition" is not helpful advice here. https://keegan.regaind.io/p/6T6V3k8fRLSWMn2JT6-N4g Meanwhile, it's weirdly positive about this digital monstrosity: https://keegan.regaind.io/p/Csyd3O6pRg6vra2hqumKOQ This isn't doxxing. This is not always true - FM transmitters were not legal in the UK, regardless of power, until 2011 or so. Can't imagine anyone was actually prosecuted for using one, though. They didn't even suppress the BBC from reporting breathlessly on the tweet! It's more like hiding in a friend's attic to avoid being arrested and claiming you're being imprisoned. See: Lytro, which has struggled to find a good use for its lightfield cameras, but might actually have something now. Lightfield cameras can extract depth information directly, which lets them synthesize stereo views with a single camera. Duct-tape enough of them together and you can synthesize stereo views in every direction, which is pretty cool. There's nothing inherently corrupt about trying to bring government jobs to your district. I guess you could call it vote buying, but EVERYTHING can be construed that way- lowering taxes, increasing expenditures, etc. Perverse incentives, sure. A poor use of funds, yes. Corruption, not really. Gravimetry has been used to track ocean currents, and water temperature will presumably effect currents. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/... If we were randomly distributed on land, I'd agree. But humans are disproportionately concentrated on coasts compared to inland. I love places with "Rated on TripAdvisor" stickers. Technically true- they probably ARE rated. not quite a lie, but totally meaningless. They're just as unreadable stacked up into a monument as they are hidden away. Books aren't useful if they're nobody reads them. This seems like it's missing the point. Building a colony in a salt mine would be an easier backup plan than a Martian one. Maybe you need to scrub radiation and smallpox out of your air but at least you have air! Admittedly solar power would be off the table, but almost everything else is easier. My G doesn't have a compass, so the AR portion of the game doesn't work at all. Could be that's what GP is talking about. This might be up your alley: http://mewo2.com/notes/terrain/ More Democrats voted and caucused for her than for Bernie. I don't know where the notion that his nomination was stolen comes from other than maybe Trump himself. In my personal morality: Torture is an absolute evil. Military engagements to kill armed combatants that kill innocents is a relative evil. Surveillance is a relative evil. Trump is the Torture Candidate. He's on record, he loves torture. He said it on the campaign trail. He could have been Orange Bernie and I would have refused to vote for him. And it's not like we don't have an example of a candidate that rode popular outrage to a comfortable nomination victory with the entire weight of the party elites trying to sink him. It's clearly not that hard if you find the right message and the time is right. But then nobody hacked the RNC's emails. Who knows what's in those. Try being transgender and denied access to bathrooms and you might find the issue slightly more pressing than it sounds. Separate but equal doesn't work for racial minorities, why should students accept it with other minorities? Anyway, Congress in a bipartisan effort made it illegal to transfer prisoners into the US from Gitmo. Can't pin Gitmo entirely on Obama. I'm not saying Obama's look-forward-not-backward schtick was the moral decision, and I can't really defend it on moral grounds at all, so I won't. But, the notion of a new president coming in and immediately prosecuting members of the previous administration suddenly sounds a lot scarier when the next president has no moral compass and has openly run on the platform of locking up his political enemies. That said, the architects of the Bush torture program deserve to rot in jail. The way I try to explain it is in absolute (ish) coordinates: If you face north, your image faces south. Your left hand is on your west side. The reflection of your left hand is also on the west side. If you grab the mirror and turn so you face west, your reflection faces east and both your left hand and the reflection are on the south side. If you reset the mirror and then stand sideways (facing east, mirror to your north), your left hand is to the north and right hand is to the south. In the mirror, the image of your left hand is to the south and right hand, to the north. But your reflection is facing east, just like you are.