No. They already have the lowest memory footprint. They don't need to figure out that they need to fix memory leaks, since they are doing it with great success. But it will help them identify and fix current and future leaks. No, they made 13 million in their first quarter this year - the same as they did all of the last year. It is not unreasonable to expect them to reach the 100 million goal. They are growing their income at a fast rate, so it is fair to say they are on track. People are always complaining about existing features being lost. "I am not using firefox again until they reinstate the back button!" I see this kind of stuff on reddit and slashdot all the time. Is it some sort of FUD campaign against Firefox? Click view > Enter Fullscreen You can also use F11, unless you set OSX to high-jack that button. You can also use the fullscreen button in the top right corner on lion versions of OSX. So it was because they wanted people to move to Google+, like everybody has been saying since day 1. Let's assume he took weekends off, so he had 3 x (365 + 183 - 150) = 1194 hours of study. In that time he learned to read and write 3000 characters in context. How is this a bad example of language aqcuisition? It sounds to me like the guy learned what he was studying, and learned it very efficiently. If I remember correctly, most school curricular will have you learn 3000 characters in 3 years, and most students won't be proficient in them when finishing. Ofcourse, if his goal was to chit-chat about the weather, then obviously he wouldn't learn that since he didn't practice it, but it sounds like he could read a newspaper after only 1.5 years of study, which I for one find rather impressive. In Denmark photos are expected too. The argument is, that it gives you a better impression of the person. You do it for the same reason as why you show up to the interview in a suit and tie. As for the race arguement: If the employer is going to cut you based on race or looks, it's better to save both of you time and cut out the first interview. It is also commonplace in Japan and Korea. Other people in this thread seem to imply this is a 3rd world kinda thing. Not at all. The way I read it was that it is surprising that it is there at all. Apparently a lot of android devices don't have one, and don't have time to collect pseudo random data for their software rng to make secure certificates when you boot it for the first time, which posses a security risk for android devices. That's how I read the article in relation to recent news. If you are connected to the internet, why not get your randomness from http://www.random.org/ ? 840 usd for an off-contract high-end smartphone isn't unreasonable. A 64gb iPhone 5 off-contract is more expensive, and that's half the space. So yes, you can compare it to current devices, and it sounds like it is beating them. How would you run cron without cron? And it only checks if it needs to run a job at page load, it doesn't actually run it everytime, which isn't that big of a deal to check. Wordpress has a very high focus on readable code which does seem to affect it's speed. But it is easy to use, setup and hack, which is why it is popular. And as Yahoo and wordpress.com clearly shows, it does scale. The iPhone is priced at over 600usd unlocked. From 720usd in Hong Kong, which match US pricing very closely ( can't find it on apple's us store unlocked) I don't think it's naive to price a high end phone above what is essentially the most mainstream phone available. Which they didn't considering theirs have 128gb memory. Who the hell knows which month they signed up? I signed up over 6 years ago. I think it is unfair to expect people to save their original email confirmation mail for upwards to 10 years (skype was released in 2003), especially given that nowhere in the mail it says that this is really important to keep. Given that netflix offers 1 month free subscription, I kinda get why they won't delete accounts completely. Else people could just sign up, delete and sign up again for free netflix. Gathering question answer pairs for training their answering algorithm in google search. Bookmarks bar is hidden by default. Don't complain about your own customization. https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/fx/?utm_source=firefox... That is simply not true. You could not write a whole CMS with plugin-api, template system, image manipulation, user roles, auto-installer (and auto updater of plug-ins and entire install), comments system, image galleries, media manager as well as a administration backend (that mind you not only needs to work, but also needs to be designed visually) as well as a high quality default theme. Where do you guys get off saying such things? It's a completely absurd statement. Of course you can't do that. Except that doesn't work for: * 100's of people over long timespans. * Remembering what that person you met at the bar last night was called. Figuring out who "insert random name you stumbled upon in your phonebook" is. Modern humans have networks way bigger than we can handle in just our mind and we need written records (contact books, diaries, letters, business cards, whatever) in order to be able to handle large quantities of data, such as these social and professional networks we tend to keep. This app is great. It doesn't support the phonetic spelling fields, though. It also needs email and note fields. When clicking a contact from the left-hand menu, it doesn't show the location. So there is lot's of room for development, but this start is sleek and extremely handy! I have already paid for an app that only does half of this one, and I am willing to pay again to get a fuller set of features! My personal hack for helping remember people is I use the company field as a tag. So people I meet in a bar will get the bar name in that field, people from school will get the school name, people from work, will get work name, clubs etc. The nice thing about this is you can search for company name, so I can just type in "study group" and I get all the contacts in my study group up as a result. No, because just before the quoted sentence he qualifies the success criteria to be largest share of the only growing PC segment. Even the incumbent is the largest, as long as it is declining, and the challenger, albeit small, but is growing, the challenger is usually considered a success in the market place. >It is now they who depend on Canonical to reach and interact >with the vast majority of FLOSS desktop users. It doesn't say depend on to be able to write code. Or depend on to be able to have a github account. Or depend on to be able to exist. It says depend on to reach and interact with the vast majority of FLOSS desktop users. Yes you will. You just don't have free access to it online. Why is that retarded? You've never been to China, have you? Access to gmail is spotty and unreliable, like most other google services. Android phones connect to Chinese android market and most have alternative chinese only app markets. If google where to stop access to android market, people would get pissed, but switch app-provider. For the rest, these are barely used services. I don't even think hangouts are accessible, since it's a part of Google+, which is blocked. Maps? Year, it's nice, but so is Baidu maps. Picasa? Which economy is impacted by picasa? > China's weakness is they cannot censor where it crimps the economy too much. It's brilliant. While this is true, google is not one of them. esc stops page loading, not javascript execution. Gmail is essentially a javascript application. As someone who doesn't really know anything about scala, why is this a cool thing? While such an early release is definitely aimed at scala enthusiast, I'd still like a sales pitch for the rest of us. It'll be on non-apple devices. hasn't this always been possible with a desktop email client? Because expectations and demands for stability in mobile devices are still much higher than on laptops and desktops. If I start a game that requires too much horsepower on my PC, then sure, maybe the thing freezes or take a long time to get responsive and if I recieve a skype call in that instance, I actually expect it to fail. Not on a phone. No matter what I am doing, I expect SMS's and phonecalls to be accepted. No excuses. "Something" doesn't have to be a full on attack. While it is hard to say what Google expects to do or not to do, it does seem like Google are building an app platform on Chrome in parallel to the so called web app platform (HTML5 + Javascript). > * Images are now loaded through a proxy, which means that all tracking images will no longer provide information like cookies, IP associated with the account, etc - the only information they'll provide is "this specific email was viewed by someone, somewhere." No, if you know who you are mailing, you can add their ID to the link of your tracking image, so you know exactly who opened the mail. Yes, but yours had a shitty point. It would also be easier to just manually fill out those pages than to develop a PDF that can be auto-read by all of them. But what's the fun in that? Why would you not want it to remember undo's from last time you had a file open? Let's say an hour of my time is worth $20, which is what I currently make at my student job, so it's pretty fair to call that my going rate. Could I learn to be productive in emacs in 4 hours? I can't. I've tried. SublimeText is like buying one more textbook, but one that I will use extensively in all my courses, unlike most of my books, that get little use in just one course. I still don't get it. If an insecure protocol with an insecure implementation can send messages that others can't read, how is it insecure? You miss understood a lot of the points in this review. * Low-end smart-phone should not do basic things such as calling and texting worse than a low-end feature phone (dumb phones). Author is pining for his old, low-end feature phone after using ZTE Open * While adaptive search may not be a market place, if it looks like one to the user, then it will be percieved like one and confuse the user. * Platform ecosystem is a valid critiscism. The main criticism of windows mobile is lack of apps. While that is not the systems fault, MS are being active in improving this, since they know that this is the main feature of a modern smart phone. If Mozilla don't realize this either, they are in trouble. It may not be ffOS's fault that the twitter app is bad, by users don't want it if it doesn't have a good twitter app. * Critiscism of here maps should be directed at ffOS. Other maps exists, mozilla has strong ties with Google, Mozilla chose this one as default. Also see above. My limited experience with here maps from windows mobile showed me a great service, so maybe the author is off on this one. I don't know what the feature phone market looks like in Brazil, but if its anything like the Chinese, then it doesn't sound like the ZTE Open beats the feature phone market. I was getting a ffOS phone for christmas, until I realized that the only one available to me is a ZTE Open. It really does look like a crappy representative for ffOS, but if this is what Mozilla and ZTE decided on, then the software side should run more than decently. I'm glad to hear that the basic ffOS phones perform better than low-mid-range feature phones. I don't think my initial post made it very clear, but my critique of the ZTE Open was based on what the reviewer said (so basically hearsay) and he didn't seem impressed with that phone compared to his old Nokia. I'm very excited about ffOS, and do hope for its success. What made me jump with my initial post was the way you were excusing its shortcomings. Saying "it's not Mozilla/ffOS fault" that this and that don't work is a very dangerous stance to take. It is also one that most consumers will not understand. I very much appreciate this comeback. Very good points. You obvious know next to nothing about English syntax. Have you never wondered why you can learn python in a day or two, but not English or Chinese? First of, you need a huge dictionary of all words and rules for their conjugations. Then you need a huge rule set for bound morphemes. Which adjectives can you add 'ly' to in order to make them adverbs? There are literally hundreds if not thousands of bound morphemes and they can sometimes only be applied to certain words within certain word-classes. Then you need a huge rule set for when each word acts as a specific word class (is bank a noun or a verb? Is anime a noun or an adjective? Is like a verb or preposition? You know, "Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana", actually like can behave like several wordclasses) These are not solved problems yet, but we are getting very good at them now. We weren't 4 years ago. Failing that, you could also take and annotate word classes in thousands of pages of text, and then use a machine algorithm to apply similar annotations in the the text entered into the program. Unless you are expecting people to write articles for the Wall Street Journal, this might not be such a good route either. Word with Zotero makes for a rather painless thesis writing experience. Just remember to mark headlines as headings, and don't just change the font size of your headlines. It's easy to insert references to formulas, figures and graphs. LibreOffice + Zotero makes for the some fairly painless bibliography, table of content, internal figure referencing. If you need to build advanced graphs from large dataset, there is no painless way about it, but LaTex is in no way more difficult than the other options. OSX has built-in NLP tools? I tried doing a google search for it, but I can't find any documentation. Do any of you know anything about it? Thanks! There is one button that does anything on that website and that button replies to the one and only email in your temporary inbox. So ... How am I supposed to use this for anything? No, it says something about adwords compared to other google services. Normal predictors for shutting down google services doesn't apply to it, because it is very different in its behavior than other google services. That doesn't make it a bad algorithm. That one annoyed me too. The police stopped them on the grounds of actual threats of war and his reply is that they are not taken seriously. Actually it doesn't run great. It's so clunky you might as well just run it in the terminal. tl;dr: Emacs is forever, because I got used to the key-bindings. Seriously? So, when is this smart? The only remotely meaningful use-case for midnight being false I can think about is if you need way to check if a time is midnight? But it still seems easier to just check if time == 0.0 I think the not in "but not in others" is over-qualifying. Saying that Mozilla does not value gay rights because of 1000 dollars, donated once, indirectly associated with Mozilla is a crazy given how much they actually spend directly on supporting the cause yearly. I'm not saying that a care package for 1.000 dollars negates Eichs contribution. But you can't say they don't value gay rights either. >Is "Saddlesore Galactica" one of the worst episodes ever? No, and the graph in no way show that. From around season nine, episodes are mostly rated between 6.5-7.3, with a fair amount lying considerably lower than that and only a few outliers in the other direction. But as a 6.5'er, "Saddlesore Galactica" is a solid "poor" episode, like many, many others. But there are a substantial amount of episodes well below that one, and they are also scoring considerably lower. The clip shows are the truly "worst", despite having all the best punchlines. So one could argue that objectively they are the best. But that is also a poor argument. > Citations, or you are just promoting your opinion. This is an inherently flawed statement. If you follow the citations in a scientific paper at some point, the citations are going to end. A scientific article that consist only of citated information doesn't bring anything new to the table, it only summarises. You have the mozilla governance structure a little wrong. Mozilla owns the Firefox brand and license it to the Mozilla Corporation which in turn are responsible for development and deployment of Firefox. So while the corporation do have to answer to the foundation, they are not just a bunch of developers hired to "work on Firefox", they are very much responsible for everything Firefox, both day to day development and marketing, but also most long term stuff you can think of is the responsibility of the corporation. This was the main critique of the original article - that Apple and Google are blocking the open mobile web in order for native apps to thrive. Both Android and iOS are built around promoting apps. The web is a second class citizen. On iOS I would go as far as to say a third class citizen, since Apple are blocking the fast Javascript engine in native apps. This makes the idea of having an app as a simple web-wrapper much harder to accomplish. But if the systems were actually optimized for open web, then content producers could build 1 web-app, that could have important logic and graphic stored offline in an app container, while still being just as functional via direct web access. This could work great for 90% of all the apps that are basically just glorified websites. This of course is the main mission of FirefoxOS. The open web is only open if it is accessible by multiple clients. That is the open part. The point is that web access is diminishing in favor of app-access to services. A point the author of this article also completely fails to see the potential impact of. Conglomerate is not a Keiretsu and a keiretsu is not a conglomerate. Keiretsu is cross-ownership of shares centered around a bank. If you absolutely must use a Japanese term, go with Zaibatsu. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keiretsu http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zaibatsu Are you sure you have updated Firefox? My firefox ALWAYS asks me if I want to restore the previous session. It also allows me to choose which tabs/windows I want to restore. It also doesn't crash on this page either. There's a few things things that contribute to this: Market powers in Japan chose early on to advertise their websites not through URLs but through search keywords. They will literally ask you in advertisement to enter certain phrases in a search engine to let you find their web property. Japanese internet usage is traditionally based around cellphones, which traditionally were centered around portals. This is changing with smartphones. Japanese numbers don't lend themselves as easily as Chinese to these double meanings. Japanese words are quite long compared to Chinese ('wo', is Chinese for 'I', the Japanese equivelant is 'watashi') After reading this post and your other one, I stand corrected on my the last point. no. drm will still be an add-on, just like it is today. The DRM add-on will just change from flash/silverlight. DRM is a very real thing in todays web. What was the old logo? Is train/test split part of a normal statistics? When reading Japanese above your level, always pay attention to the words written in roman letters. They are a dead give away. They are awaiting certification from JATE and TELEC. http://www.jate.or.jp/english/ http://www.telec.or.jp/ENG/index.html Did any of them get the Super Mario reference? Why didn't you go with something more current as your theme? That's great! I actually didn't expect them to recognize the 8bit graphics. What really prompted me to ask was the "The princess is in another castle" reference at the end. My comment wasn't meant as "pay more attention", but as a genuine tip. From the text that linked to the Japanese article, there were mentions about certificate, and then a quick googling of the roman words would actually be enough for almost anybody to get the gist of the text. You got the full PDF without login? I got a HTML version with very poor quality pictures or asked to pay 9 dollars to create an account that can download the PDF. We are pretty close to driving a car, we have beat human facial recognition, we have very good weapons aiming. Tying it up to something with a very, very low false positive kill rate is the hard part, but we are very close with a lot of the components. Not to mention the pain of writing LaTex in east asian languages. This is really cool. I am currently studying NLP and ML and these are the kind of things I want to build to make the world a better place. I would love to read a post about the kinds of classifiers and features you use for this service. I'm not sure if the deadfly remark is some morbid joke, but I agree with the first half of your post. While it is a great gesture to a man many of us look up to and are grateful for his work, where will it end, if we need to pay tribute in the form of specs to all the losses of people involved in developing the open web? And so what if HN users are mostly on macs? “All have their worth and each contributes to the worth of the others.” Elected government officials from democratic countries and non-elected from non-democratic countries together. This is decided by politicians or bureaucrats representing government. I believe advisors from universities, think tanks and businesses are invited to speak. Why they keep it secret, I don't know. I'm pretty sure this is the remains of a Nokia strategy of not getting too deep into Microsoft. The release of X2 should probably be viewed in a similar light as the release of the N9, which was a platform that basically got axed on release by Nokia, because of Elop wanting to change direction to Windows as the main platform. But that decision came too late to halt the release of the N9, just like the finalization of the Nokia sale probably was too late for MS to halt the release of this one. More intuitive would be not having to know the command. Is it still "from" if my gmail is set to German or French? Anyway, I do think google solved this in to ways: type contact and from:contact is suggested If you rest the curser over a contact name, a box with an option to see all conversation appear. I've seen companies offer similar deals in Denmark. It can't possibly be a new concept in the US, can it? Most often they'll ask for 50%-100% of the first paycheck (hopefully after tax, or else nobody can pay that in Denmark!) There are still some rough edges, but definitely one of the best redesigns I have seen. + large, beautiful readable fonts + Search bar is a search bar and easy to find + unnecessary borders removed - Could use a little bit more branding - No change-language feature - Zoom disabled on mobile devices - Some elements needs size tuning Optimizing the news feed to prolong engagement times is a manipulation of emotions too. As far as I am to understand, most of the 1%'ers wealth is tied up in investments. And this is why they consider themselves the job creators. They invest in all sorts of companies and markets and without the initial investment to start a company, there wouldn't be anything for the middle-class to purchase with their middle class salary, not to say no one to pay that salary either. If they just bought gold and hid it in a vault, then I expect them not to consider themselves job creators. I'm learning Python as part of a data science class and not for building web apps. This article mentions a-ha moments in relation to Python conditionals. What is so special about Python conditionals? They seem pretty ordinary to me. A few websites manage to reimplement decent scrolling today, but I have yet to see scrolling that's better than standard behavior. This sounds like a move to have everyone use their own scrolling engine. Maybe we are at a point where there are too many novice user to care about interoperability, but I'm a big fan of the fact that my browser understands the content it renders and that I can run plugins to manipulate it. I daily highlight text to search for it, drag non-marked-up url's to the URL bar to open said links, change page layout for easier reading, translate words as my curser point to them, etc, etc. all features that flash pages used to break and a "canvas/webGl" world would appear to break as well. Searching for "pe ratio for google" in pennywhale doesn't return anything, while the same query in google actually returns the PE ratio for GOOG. I use python for datamining, and most of my work is done exploring data in iPython. > First, don't set any values in the outer scope that > aren't IN_ALL_CAPS. Things like parsing arguments are > best delegated to a function named main, so that any > internal variables in that function do not live in the > outer scope. How do I inspect variables in my main function after I get unexpected results? I always have my main logic live in the outer scope because I often inspect variables "after the fact" in iPython. How should I be doing this? Sounds like it was released. How else did it end up on TV? I thought the test at the end was way too difficult given the simple introduction to calculating probabilities. Simple 2 or 3 color icons might not win a lot, but there is also a whole genre of photo-realistic icons which would have a lot to gain from WebP like formats. The point of the article is that "streaming" books will be different than streaming music and video. Are there any good books that looks into this problem and how it came about? From the article I'm having a hard time figuring out if this new technique is a clustering algorithm, a feature reduction algorithm or dimensionality reduction algorithm It's not the type of website that decides what hosting price is expensive, it is the amount of visitors. If your site is visited enough to require non-trivial optimization, then 30 dollars a month is probably the least of your worries. How does this show if one battery is better than the other? Doesn't it just show how often he charges his batteries? >Wikipedia Zero cannot be sold as part of a bundle. Access > to the Wikimedia sites through Wikipedia Zero cannot be >sold through limited service bundles. Sounds to me like it is ONLY available in some sort of bundles. This is a brilliant display of the good that non-NN can bring to the world while showing the potential sliding slope. Interesting stuff. Is that really the same guy? How can someone who claims to have cheated people into believing he had build a 100 million dollar business be afraid of asking for a discount or a favor? Take a look at the introduction again and ask yourself if you are a busy bee or an evergreen user. I think he made a good use case for this browser, why is could work as a standalone product and why it can't stand alone in the market. The paper is The effect of language on economic behavior: Evidence from savings rates, health behaviors, and retirement assets MK Chen - The American Economic Review, 2013 http://scholar.google.dk/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=... 11 CM of rain an hour? 7.5 km in diameter? Those looks like typos to me. No, people from Beijing cannot read a text written in Shanghainese using simplified script. The only reason why they can read Cantonese is because pop music from Hong Kong is popular enough that most kids teach themselves enough to get the jist of the written lyrics. > But all these languages share a common character set, so that different dialect speakers can communicate in the written form even they couldn't understand each other orally. Since everyone in China is taught mandarin Chinese they tend to write to each other in mandarin. But you don't choose the same characters for the same words in Shanghainese as in Mandarin as in Cantonese. Is the information density measured in bits and bytes still higher? I find the tiles highly useful, and Mozilla metrics show that so does a large portion of their uses. I recently had to deal with a completely fresh Firefox and the empty tiles were quite annoying. A few years ago a Mozilla engineer talked about advertisement and how ads should not annoy users but benefit them. His example was high-end fashion magazines, which people happily buy - not despite most of the magazine consisting of ads - but because the magazine was mostly ads. The ads are beautiful and tells you what style is in vogue. Advertisement can be mutual beneficial. Ads are currently their only real form of income. If you use the search bar to look for Amazon items and buy something, Mozilla receives money, if you search Google with it and click an ad, Mozilla receives money. Mozilla may be a non-profit, but they are in the advertisement business already. No, the Mozilla Organization was kept alive by Netscape, with some other major corporation sponsoring full-time engineers. When Netscape bailed completely and the Mozilla Foundation was founded on a grant from Netscape, they started having to find their own revenue sources. And they did with Google. The Mozilla Corporation was founded in 2005 because Mozilla was generating so much cash (mainly from Google search), that they got in trouble with the IRS. That was only 2 years after the Mozilla Foundation was created! The bulk of their revenue has always been advertisement. As for code, they still very much rely on the open source model for new code. No, the Mozilla Organization was kept alive by Netscape, with some other major corporation sponsoring full-time engineers. When Netscape bailed completely and the Mozilla Foundation was founded on a grant from Netscape, they started having to find their own revenue sources. And they did with Google. The Mozilla Corporation was founded in 2005 because Mozilla was generating so much cash (mainly from Google search), that they got in trouble with the IRS. That was only 2 years after the Mozilla Foundation was created! The bulk of their revenue has always been advertisement. As for code, they still very much rely on the open source model for new code. What this experiment shows is there is no such thing as a perfect vision without knowing spheres and cubes. Or at least without knowing curved surfaces and corners This is the main reason I adopted zotero for my citation manager - it saves a local version of the resources I want to cite, preventing link rot and paywall from obstructing returning to an old research topic. If your bookmarking habit is article, rather than web-services, your bookmark manager needs a way of saving bookmarked content. "Give me something at a fifth of the price and I'll buy it" Sorry, but that's a crappy argument. Pony up the cost if that device is so important to you. http://the-digital-reader.com/2014/03/27/sonys-13-3-ereader-... No way? Sales tax in Denmark alone is 25% and then we haven't even begun talking about additional cost of running your business here. But if you found a shirt at uniqlo, haven't you already found a cheap shirt? Pants are easy to shorten, so if you find some that fits at uniqlo, except for being too long, have them shortened. They provide this service in-store at uniqlo in japan, I don't know about the US. In Denmark it's called candy floss. Guess the Danes couldn't decide on which name to use. Jack halpern is quite an interesting character and I feel the article sells him short when introducing him as a Japanese resident who speaks Yiddish. He has worked on one of the major Japanese character dictionaries as editor in chief and his company leases out databases of Chinese, Japanese and Korean character and this data is used by many of the major publishers of dictionaries. He has also published over 16 books. The guy is no stranger to the hard work required to build such a dictionary. More over he founded the unicycle foundation, which is responsible for the World Cup of unicycling. But in the end that wealth is based on people's belief that 500m users can be turned into a profit. I'm not sure how your example is more true. Reddit is one of the bigger investors in imgur. I think that's how it's a counter- example. I watched the video and clicked get started, looked at the screen and left. I still don't know what I should do or why. If you read the article you'd have seen that it does indeed question that very equation. With or without the buy button you are seeing the adds. No. Netflix is a rental service. If you are paying a recurring fee, and you only have access to the product as long as you pay the fee you are renting. Netflix main expense is not bandwidth it is content. But yes, if netflix started selling tv shows and movies like you suggest, drm free would be something consumers should demand. I think it is because it was a Japanese CEO and in my experience Japanese people really like to throw rock paper scissor for all sorts of things. So you gave the idea to Microsoft, then abandoned it and now you are angry someone from your team picked it up again and offered you shares? My understanding is that Apple just included the standard Japanese emoji set, to help sell iPhones in japan. For a long time they were even hidden on non-Japanese iPhones. The standard Japanese emoji set is pretty randomly put together and I don't remember my old keitai having that many country flags. It guessed the author based on the first sentence of that paragraph, not the last. I think you mostly hit the nail here. Google+ should have been a seamless (and transparent!) way of sharing content from all Google services. Instead it is a weird social network, seated between the seats of a twitter and a facebook clone. It's probably great for twitter style yelling in the wind, but it really looks like its a facebook style only-shared-with-mutual-friends kind of network. And Google services are awkwardly connected through G+. Are my pictures on Picasa or G+? And when they are on G+ are they shared with people I've added to my circles or with people following me? Or are they backed up until I decide to share them? This can all be controlled for sure, but it is completely non-obvious. It is the same with hangouts. If you go to google.com/hangouts (a google search for hangouts will take you there as well!) you get an ad for the hangout app for mobile devices. But if you want to access hangouts online you have to go to G+. And from G+ you can log out of hangouts (what?) so what is hangouts? Is it a seperate service or is it g+ chat? If it is G+ chat, then why do I get an email instead of a G+ notification when people write me on hangouts? The original iPhone was 600 dollars ON contract, which was later dropped to 500. Yes, some people figured out how to crack the SIM-lock, so they could use a different sim card and not activate the AT&T contract that you were supposed to activate when first connecting it to iTunes, but that's an edge case that doesn't change the fact that it was sold on contract. The 650 dollar price for iphone 6 is OFF contract. So the iPhone price has significantly dropped over the years. Because normal users with 3-400 friends don't care about most of the updates around. Your feed would be full of pages and comments and pictures that these people are liking. "Friend A likes comment by person you never heard of in an open group about something you don't know what is" would be littering your feed. Obviously you want some sort of filter on this data. You wouldn't want a live feed of all subreddits combined. At least not for normal consumption. Setting aside 3 whole hours can produce a surprisingly small amount of answers on an AMA. I don't think most famous people need the karma bad enough to even set aside that much time. It could very well be for monetary reasons. Many non-fiction books are written so as to give the author a possibility to go on a lecture tour, get hired as a consultant or what not. It might be geek specific for us/European customers, but my impression in China and japan is that most people use 3rd keyboards. In china all my Mac friends even used 3rd party keys on OSX! Why would they change? Except for sharing the name and some cross stock holding, they are separate companies. Last I checked, Softbank was the majority stockholder, but I'm guessing that has changed since Yahoo Mobile launched. There is no such thing as high and low context cultures. ALL culture is high context. 3.5 dollars? That's what 0.5 liters of cola cost in 7-11 in Denmark! If it is easier to learn an atomic language, wouldn't that then count as a genetic disposition towards atomic languages? Is PyCharm particularly good for scientific programming? I use Python for doing ML research on my masters, and I'm quite interested in a better environmnet,but pycharm looks like it is all about web development. What makes you think there's a linear relation between payload weight and cost? For scientific computing and machine learning Python is quite big, but it is all 2.x. Moreover, many people in the scientific community applying machine learning are biologists, neuroscientists, physicists and linguists. These people are NOT experience developers. These are experienced scientists. What is needed for these people to move to 3.x is mostly adequate library support and a good reason. Many of these will have a hard time understanding why they can't just write print "string" anymore. What is a text buffer? I use Sublime exclusively and I never "got" emacs and I just assumed it had something to do with me not knowing what text buffers are and where to access them in emacs. How much money does an article or a youtube video generate? It seems that this one article alone must have cost thousands of dollars in equipment alone. And while the iphone 6 bend video on youtube has almost 40 million hits now, the unbox therapy user who uploaded it hits less than 500.000 views on average for their other videos. I'm willing to believe that 40 million views on youtube can be monitized to pay for more than an iphone 6, but I'm not so sure about the 2-300k, so it seems like quite the investment to go around breaking phones. Usually the wife cashes the husbands pay check and gives the him an allowance, while she manages the household budget. I honestly don't think this is a big deal. The directory has been defacto dead for a long time. While it has the potential for privacy issues, it is also the basis for the entire product. The only way to build prediction is to have data. I think Nasty is a bit strong here. They just call them escorts. I'd expect it to go one of two ways: Either you just happen to see a lot of ads all over the web for bars and day trips in Thailand after you did a Facebook check-in at the airport saying you're on your way to Thailand Or The ads will be similar to what you see on FB, eg your friend Jonathan likes the new diet coke, why don't you try some, john? With the ad clearly outlined as not being part of the site with a "ad delivered by Facebook" disclaimer and clear FB styling. The people selling ad space as well as the people buying ads won't have access to your personal data, so yes, they will be able to utilize your "only me" personal data. You ask FB to target certain profiles and FB handles the rest. This is considered keeping your private data private (and rightly so IMHO, but I know some people who disagree) I don't know if the "like" buttons around the web respects the DoNotTrack, but I expect no changes in Facebook's tracking behaviour. You don't pay double to get the phone. You pay double to get the phone before everybody else. Wealthy Chinese are notorious for showing off their wealth. Well, they claim that is splits line just like TEX, so maybe it was just an unfortunate mix of wording and font. Kinda. The transformation from SILE code to HTML was apparently not completely flawless. While I didn't know that streaming music was more than twice the average music consumer spending, I have always believed that streaming does have the potential to raise consumers spending on music, but maybe not by a factor of 2-3 I'm actually quite surprised by this. Having worked as a contractor for Google, my impression is that they consider being an employee at Google as a brand in and by itself. My contract stated several times that I was not a Googler, and I was not hired by Google and I was not allowed to say "I work for Google"and if I start a company I am definitely not allowed to send out a press release saying "Ex-googler makes new start-up to solve ..." I fail to see how those examples wouldn't work just as well with a paypal like service for your money. No, shallow NN definitely overfits in normal circumstances. However, in this case they are building a shallow NN that is not learning a normal function, but is being trained to emulate a deep network of equivalent amount of parameters. Parents claim is that in that case, we don't have to worry about over fitting, since we want every result of target network to be as closely emulated as possible in the shallow network. A PGP plugin is special software. The and separates two independent clauses. I disagree. I think the point the article makes - that it was because of the war that people were more or less banning German. In turn, the people who would make grants stopped accepting research to be published in German. Had there not been a ban on German, then we probably would have native English speaking funders funding research published in German. You see this in in most non-English speaking countries where funders are not native English speakers but research is still published in English. I thought there were many robust open source solutions out there and what made dropbox the winner was not that it is able to reliably sync, but that they made it easy to install and sync. If you viewed this on a phone, you'd see that the table based layout is not up for the task either. Buhu, so you bought something for its long term utility that most people by for its bragging rights. I disagree with 2. If the app is not willing to function when being denied SMS access it should simply not be allowed on the app store. I have yet to meet an app on my iPhone that shuts down unrelated function because I denied it access to my calendar, SMS or phonebook. Python does the same, but it has a 1-line version of conditionals that is what the parent uses. Many Python programmers enjoy 1-liners, but I think once you start adding else statements to them they become unreadable. Why? It's quite common for ATM's to be running Windows XP, so maybe that is why this one is doing it as well. And ATM's and POS machines running XP do still receive security updates. I'm visiting Japan, but I don't read Japanese. When I visit this site everything is in Japanese without any button to change local. Apple and Ikea will redirect you to a url with country code in it (ikea.com/ja/en/bedroom kind of style) making it easy for people on the tech savvy side to manually change locale. But Google? No way in hell am I allowed to read this in English if I'm not physically in an English speaking country. Can't you just turn the brightness down to zero? As I understand it the purpose of the app is that given you know your wife is watching your internet history, you won't go on youporn. So how does this monitoring help you clean up your internet activities if you don't know you are being monitored? While the app should let the guardian know when it is being disabled, it also needs to let you disable it and more importantly let you know that it is running. Once those 2 things are removed it is no longer a productivity app, but a spy app. I just started computational linguistics at uni and I thought this was very interested (albeit very light hearted) Could you elaborate on your qualms? While I do admit that season 15 isn't as bad as I remember it, I don't know of anyone who consider it a classic and look back on it with nostalgia. However, I do think that since the movie was release they have started to occasionally show episodes that are really good. I do think that for most television shows it is normal that within the concept you burn through most of the good ideas in a few seasons. The novelty of the characters get worn out, so either you have to change the characters away from what made them great or you start repeating yourself; neither is a good choice. I actually think the default assumption is that shows will decline after a few seasons. I think that South park is a show that really improved with time, and to some degree Family Guy had a revival, but other than that, I can't really think of a show that has gone on with a high, constant level of quality. No, they are actually pretty good at this. Probably the best within the mobile phone space. I'd say AR with limited functionality is still AR. This pool tables is also rightly called AR even though it doesn't even feature a screen. When a minor inconvenience hit 1%, I think it is fair to call it few, when I major breakage hit 1% of users I think it is fair to call that a lot. According to comments on reddit this is a scam. They'll take your money, but they won't ship shit. It depends on how often it happens. The stars move too quickly for birds to have star patterns hardcoded by evolution. Instead they look at the sky and learn the star patterns as baby birds and use the observed pattern for navigation. 3 languages for a french person? I'd say that's unbelievable. The thing is, how many calories does a piece of food contain? What is says on the packet? Probably not. Second is, how much calories do you burn? The same amount as the watts you generated on the circuit machine? Probably not. And of those calories you got in, how many left through the waste canal? Obviously it is a question of calories in = calories out, the question is whether what we are measuring is even close to either side of that equation. This was back when every new websites monetization strategy was to be acquired by Yahoo. If it's Androids problem and not Paypals, I'm not really sure if it stands, then. I actually don't think that is a good argument either. Even with the 3 mile, Fukushima and Chernobyl disaters, more people have died falling of windmills than from nuclear power (per megawatt hour). I think the concentration of energy (making it a good target for terrorists), and the probable long term damage of waste which has not yet been realized are better arguments, but still not good enough to have coal over nuclear in my opinion. That's horrible advice. Some problems are really complex and can't be solved just by working from A to B. Your parser will probably not end up being able to handle the problems outlined in the article unless you take that theory into account before starting to program. Back in the good old days you had an actual human do the responding for you. I highly doubt it. I'd imagine the training data is several gigabytes if not terrabytes of corrospondance. I don't know much about this type of AI work, but I can tell you a little about the scale of things where I do work. I work with kana/kanji conversion and it is a similar problem as just getting the phonetics part of speech to text sorted out. First you convert the sound signal to phonetics, then you need to convert the phonetics to actual sentences. A surprising amount of English sentences have the same phonetics, so it is a non-trivial task to make sense of these. Try saying "Recognize Speech" and "Wreck a nice beach" out loud. I'd dare say Japanese is even worse, so a lot of data is used to infer what the writer means with the phonetic input in kana/kanji conversion. Baidu uses 2.5 terrabyte[1] of data for their kana/kanji conversion system, which has both an online and offline part, where the online part makes use of all the data and boosts performance considerably. [1] http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/I/I13/I13-1172.pdf I'd like to see a source for the billion-dollar-a-year campaign, that sounds crazy. That's 3 times Mozilla's entire budget, if memory serves me right. That is not the point of the post. The point is that Mozilla for a long time have thought these benchmarks to be sidetracking and useless for normal users, and now that they are beating the competitions they can rightly say "we need to focus on something else" without sounding like sore losers. Mozilla sees big potential in ASM-js and if the competition starts working on getting that optimized a whole new type of web application will be broadly feasible, which is something Mozilla cares much more about. In conscience thoughts and motor signals. I think the point is, that after the match, the player can be asked "what went through you head when..." And they will answer as if during the game they made a conscience judgement of the entire situation. To me Renren has always been an unimaginative Facebook clone, so I am in no way surprised that they lost out to WeChat and Weibo. OP's suggestion actually does make economic sense, if and only if you import enough people. I don't think any country currently import enough resourceful people to make up for the high quality they themselves can produce. But I definitely think you could make it work. Hypothetically, not humanely. Out of pure curiosity: Why are you interested in having it cross posted on Stackexchange? Actually I think that is the biggest problem with the article. It gives you no way to asses which probability is good enough. The interesting thing is that it gets misclassified across networks. According to the blog post, I can build two NN with different structures and train them on a random subset of a collection of dog and cat pictures. Distort a random picture until network A misclassifys it, then according to the article network B will also misclassify it, despite it having a different structure and a different training set. I don't think it's obvious that network B will fail as well. I just did a Google search for "Aorus XP3+" and it literally came up empty. Can you provide some links? It sounds like an intriguing machine. I don't think it's humanely to actively discourage people from having children. There's a series of books called "Thinking ..." that aims for exactly this. http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkbayes/ http://www.greenteapress.com/index.html Thank you for publicizing an early draft. It is really good and very helpful. I think your explanations are great, but you seem to imply that the gradient 3 for f(x,y) = xy with x = -2 and y=3 derived w.r.t x is somehow the "best" gradient (you call it the correct or actual gradient) but I don't understand why this is better than any other positive number. Wouldn't we optimize faster of we tug with a force of 6 instead of 3? x = -2, y= 3, dx = 3, dy = -2 step = 0.0001 f(x,y) = -6 f(x+dx*step, y*dy*step) = -5.998... // Now if we double the gradient f(x+2*dx*step, y*2*dy*step) = -5.997... I doubt. In Japan advertisers aren't playing with a ton of different interesting fonts the way we do in the west. Rather they they play with thickness and add outlines and colors, simply because building a font is expensive, so there aren't that many to choose from, so they focus on a different approach to differentiation. Most people on a computer. Most people type kana on their phone. I'd dare say the source of truth for Emoji is somewhere in a cabinet in NTT Docomo's headoffice. Actually it is not. Many places have student discount but don't advertise it. You have to ask. Read the last paragraph of the linked article again and choose that person to be yourself. Or you could also simply choose your grandmother and decide "I wanna explain the stuff I'm working on in a simple way so that she will understand", never mind if she doesn't have access to the internet or is dead, you can still write it in a way that makes sense to her. I write my blog for me. How I finally understood a problem I've had trouble with, or sometimes I just post a funny quote from a book I've been reading. First of, Gecko does a lot more than servo, so there is still time for servo to slow down when it needs to handle more and more edge cases. But to me the real big news is that we might see a Firefox alpha release using servo next year. Wonder if that will be a two engine design or if the can somehow get servo to do all the chrome layout as well. I disagree with you. I thought it was very clear and well written. > Of course per-capita GDP doesn't fully capture quality of life, but it's easy to measure and hard to fake. It's extremely easy to fake. I sell you a backrub for 10.000 dollars and after that I buy one from you for 10.000 dollars and we've now in 10 minutes boosted our GDP with 20.000 dollars. > Measuring and quantifying something is a prerequisite to optimizing it. Which is what he is talking against. We are too focused on optimizing, when a lot of what it means to be a human are things that shouldn't be optimized. And secondly, long periods without productivity may actually be the foundation of later quality. And you can't optimize these unproductive periods. > Seriously, from all the inefficiencies pointed out in this article, how is the economy of Japan not in the verge of collapse? I dare say that it is. Have you ever seen their debt to GDP ratio? How Japan manages to compete has been a big question in academic business studies for a very long time. I think Michael Porter did one of the best analysis of why Japan manages to be competitive in some markets, but his work is getting rather old now. http://www.amazon.com/Can-Japan-Compete-Michael-Porter/dp/04... >>What does clicking "Let's meet" do? I clicked it to find out and it said "Message sent, thanks! I look forward to meeting you." > Sorry about that. It's hypocritical of me to implement a system like this instead of just showing my email address. I actually wrote a blog post about why you shouldn't do what I did with this website: > http://blog.milesokeefe.com/post/56981311556/dont-use-contac... . I disagree. On most computers that I have ever used, clicking an e-mail link will open a setup process for the default email client. Most users I have ever encountered do not know what to do with that prompt. There's a lot of talk about "fixing" email, but I've yet to see anyone tackling this problem in a serious fashion. Since websites can't expect mailto: links working for their visitors, they have to put up forms. But more to the point: I think it is quite obvious what is gonna happen when one submit the form on your website: The website owner gets informed about my email address and what time I'm interested in meeting. Whether this information is conveyed by SMS, Whatsapp, e-mail, some internal e-ticketing system is completely irrelevant to the user. PS: I don't know how miles.codes is supposed to look, but it looks horrible in Firefox on Ubuntu. Images are jiggling, text is unreadable, links are not clickable where you'd expect to be able to click. Such third party apps often have their dev keys revoked for offering such features. But PPP is also extremely easy to fake. Let's say all deers get sick and the price of deer meet rises substantially. Is the living standards of the swedes now falling compared to the danes who do not consume deer meet? Or do the swedes just switch the deer meet for some other kind and enjoy the same standard of living as always? My iphone has many many times the computing power of my old (but back then high-end) Nokia phone, but cost me twice as much. Am I now poorer in PPP because a good cellphone is more expensive or am I richer because my cellphone is faster? PPP is extremely easy to fake. The point of the post is that (A) the obsession with optimizing will harm us and (B) most optimization is done for the sake of optimization. The screenshot of the old calendar looks pretty flat to me. That is very cool. Can you talk a bit about which algorithms you use and what data you use? I love reddit and has been a user for several years, but what was the pitch exactly? "Digg with only headlines and no preview?" Oh, I was too lazy to sign up for testing, so I thought it was a "fill in the blank" - that's how all the vocabulary exercises I get in school work. Well, she does mention in this post why she was wrong about the avocado oil, so there's that at least. Isn't that what the 'although' in the sentence means? That the neighborhood was designated as a food desert, despite having stores that sell fresh produce? The point is that you can write something that takes advantage of hardware that will be consumer grade in x years, rather than hardware that is consumer grade now. I thought parent stated that fairly clearly. No the article implies that inbox is the streamlined, low featured version of gmail that got everybody angry and then finally ends up telling us that it is in fact inbox that is the power user version of gmail and normal gmail is the simple version. If it's Turing complete, it's a programming language. Even on modern hardware it takes quite a while to compile a latex document (seconds!). Word basically has to compile the entire document with every key you click in order to show you the WYSIWYG interface. Maybe I'm super naive, but that really seemed like something that was added when people wanted to filter posts, and then later these filters got styling and a community sense. Maybe it was the plan all along and they just gradually implemented it in a way that felt organic and user driven. But I agree with you, the subreddits are brilliant at what they do. The concept of merging all your favorite BB into a single stream is fantastic and pulling it off is even more impressive. But early reddit did not look to me like anything that was aiming to be more than a digg clone that used basic text layout to scare the n00bs away and then it just gradually evolved into this crazy huge community. Because professional writers caught up with the times and use it to mean what everybody understand it to mean. I think the point here is that we don't see this kind of research because nobody invest in these super fast and expensive workstations that could mimic the future hardware. I don't think speech recognition algorithms are patented. At least not the Google ones, since AFAIK they use neural networks. You could train your algorithm centrally and then ship all the neurons, weights and biases of to the individual device and keep the training data secret. The artist's contract with labels is not the consumers responsibility. If you compare the price of spotify with average consumer behavior, you see that money spent on spotify is in every sense more than reasonable. Many album deals in the past have had pennies on the album reach the artist, so I fail to understand your argument that spotify is cheating artist. But that logic Walmart are cheating artist who doesn't have a fair record deal. If artist don't receive money from consumer spending it is the label that is cheating the artist, not the distributor. You are conflating UX with aesthetics. When you are saying that "the UI looks terrible even with transparancy dialed down" you are just saying the new Yosemite is ugly to look at. That's a personal opinion and really doesn't matter on HN. The link you provide is not about aesthetics, but about UX. So to back up your (pointless) claim that Yosemite is ugly to look at, you link to an article that rightly points out useability problems. This is like saying "The top speed of my car is too low, here's an article that talks about its slow acceleration" I am assuming you are being downvoted because your claim is irrelevant to HN discussion and your link is irrelevant to your claim. Your second claim is partially true though. While volume indicator does show black corners, there are plenty of rounded corners that do show correctly in Yosemite with transparency turned off. Lastly, according to the HN guidelines, you are kindly asked to "Resist complaining about being downmodded. It never does any good, and it makes boring reading. " FWIW, I did an upgrade and I haven't seen any (new) problems what so ever. Will I need to reinstall chrome or will it auto update to a 64bit version? Does that mean docscript is no longer in development? I was kinda hoping it might develop into a low featured, easy to use replacement for latex. I find that except for math I use a minimal amount of features of latex, but a lot of work and weird code to display simple things. I just don't get why there isn't something that does a few things well and nothing else. I use chrome on osx on a 5 year old macbook pro (bottom of the line at purchase time) and the site ran perfectly smooth. And yet Taylor swift received 500.000 USD for the last single month she was on Spotify. Looking at price per stream does not make sense. Looking at average consumption does. Spotify is way above average album consumption per person and it (or similar services) has the potential to cover a very large part of the population. No, Lyx is not WYSIWYG, but WYSIWYM. E.g, it doesn't show you how your document will look, but it shows you how it is structured. I would say its a tech company that found itself afloat due to some lucky/wise investments. At the core it is still a tech / content company, even though the tech is not producing the money. Nowhere does it say that Mozillas new mission is to break up market dominant players. Their new search strategy is to globally have more search partners than before, while continueing to serve regions with default search that are good/best for that region. There is no doubt that Baidu gives better result than Google for most Chinese users. I dont know much about Yandex, but Im sure they have a better grasp of the Russian users than Google does right now and thus provides better service. I believe I have seen the notion pop up once or twice on planet.mozilla and it has been why its not a mozilla project. Remembering your face is what a cookie can do for you. You log-in via a trusted 3rd party (that may be owned by you) and you receive a cook for use next time. If you change your face the next time you walk in, like say you visit from your iPhone instead of you PC, they cant recognize you and will of course need strong verification, after which you may receive a cooking. Well, if that is the case, then you would be tracked. Read the parent comment. Yes it sucks that Mozilla loses some battles, but you surely must understand that there are stronger players around the world and it is impossible to win every battle. Firefox today is full of DRM features. They are called plug-ins. What theyre doing is cutting it down to one, secure plugin instead of a few insecure ones. Seems like a step up, though of course you can always wish for more. But again, stronger foes. I still dont understand the controversy about the tiles. Everybody freaks out that a browser which take in more than 300 million dollars a year in advertisement is going to show an ad. I actually thought selling that space is a good idea. Why should Mozilla give away free traffic like that? They can still quality control the links. Perfection is the enemy of good. It sounds like people used to buy her CD, but not listen to it. Now that she is payed per play the money is dry. Actually it just sounds like her fan base has eroded, and nobody wants to listen to her music. I think there is one fair point: Established artists at record companies have always been getting pennies on the dollar of CD sales, while independent artist got everything after expenses when selling CD's at their shows. With the streaming model it seems like everybody gets paid as if they were on a major deal - it is just not everyone who benefit from the investment and exposure that a major deal gives. For those too lazy to do a google search on the article, this link should get you there: http://www.google.co.jp/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&... I think you and many other are misunderstanding the point of these articles. They are NOT about designing user interfaces. They are NOT about how to architect some infrastructure. They are about how to paint these things so they look pretty when you present them to people. I think the problem is context. Had uber been a really fun company, we would laugh at insights into our very being. But since they are accused of trying to dig up dirt on people, this is a chilling reminder that they are more than capable of doing that, and apparently quite willing. I know a lot of the HN community have a lot of bad things to say about flat design, but this desktop looks fun and bright. There still seems to be some edges that needs to be re-thought about many of the current flat designs (a lot of them have problems distinguishing buttons and text in many real world cases) and hopefully such a large undertaking can be part of a public development of Material. I wish the team good luck! Sorry, I didn't notice the date, I just saw it on HN the other day and thought "What were they thinking?" Makes sense to remove it now, since it isn't something they want to highlight in light of recent events. I find myself zoning out completely when listening to radio in my target language. What are your views on that? So your main complaint is that it is not optimized for users with 5 different email apps? I have 3 on my iPhone, and I thought that is excessive. How does one view the actual conversation between the two? All I see is one tweet from ELon to johns and a bunch of random people commenting on that tweet I fail to see how insulation is easier to install than a nest, but other than that, it's a really interesting point of view. The nest really is the last item on the list when optimizing your heating bill. Essentially it's the same thing, it's just about who is responsible for what part of the budgeting. E.g. You get $100k of which $4k can only be used towards publishing expenses vs you get $100k and promise to publish open access and figure out the alotment on your own. I failed to understand his conclusion, at all. What is he trying to say? Something about how English and Chinese perceive colors differently? Or how they favor colors differently? It seems like a lot of the Wikipedia colors are commercial names or technical names and therefore don't really represent the understanding of color that normal people have when they view or talk about color. Turning off your heating/cooling apparatus is the most natural thing for people in Japan. Don't people turn their lights off in the us? Can someone direct me to a comparision of subprocess and os? I keep hearing subprocess is better, but have not really read any explanation as to why or when it is better. (I'm glad I'm not the only one who was thrilled to discover enumerate()!) I disagree. Rather than Internet.org giving free access to wikipedia and facebook, they should just give people 100mb free data and let them decide what is best for them. Then what would you have [1,2,'q',[1,('a',2)]] + 4 yield? The reason why numpy lets you do math operation on each element in an array is because you can safely assume that each element is a number. You can assume absolutely nothing about the types of the elements in a list. I don't think you'll be guzzling gigabytes of data on the low end phones people use in the poor parts of Africa that we are talking about. If they did, I doubt internet.org could afford to give it away. We are not talking about broadband providers, but GSM/Edge internet on what is essentially feature phones. Google Scholar as well. I think it's confusing that they use "Days are numbered" for both dead and alive projects. If an alive project has its days numbered, does that mean an exact shut down date has been announced? If so, why not post it? If not, how are the days numbered? It's extremely impressive how line and wechat have managed to build an app-store within the AppStore. But with Google and Apple as a direct competitor in both chat and AppStore markets and gatekeeper in large portions of these markets I think the author is forgetting the main threat here. Why is it foolish for them to pay for an ad you already admitted to wanting to see? Apple still doesn't allow 3rd party browser engines, which is why Firefox is nowhere to be seen on iOS. What Apple do allow is to build a custom app around a limited version of the Safari engine. So you are saying that // will match any arbitrary string? This is exactly how groups work in Facebook Chat, though there is not so much culture about them. I wouldn't mind this if it would direct me to the new Yahoo search. No, I am not in the US. So an open source project is evil because a company is selling it as a service? The pricing structure is obviously aimed at enterprises. The free level includes 7 days of non-stop streaming a month. I don't know anybody who literally spends a quarter of their time on video chat. The problem here is very much effectiveness per time unit, as the author writes. It would probably need to be re-implemented in optimized C code in order to truly test it against other optimized engines. I think the take away here is how relatively easy it is to make a decent AI for a complex game using neural networks. A lot of people outside of the US don't want to use translated software. I grew up on English software and prefer it that way, so I never download the Danish translated version of Firefox. This is not uncommon at all. So given the broad usage of the US version of Firefox around the globe there need to be some level of localization in the services that are more sophisticated than simply assuming that a Yahoo search from the search bar must originate from the US. Are Beats shitty or just expensive? How little would I have to pay to get same quality? I am finding it hard to believe that they are actually shitty, while I find it very easy to believe that they are way overpriced. I have never listened to Beats headphones but I imagine they have a lot of base-boost (based on absolutely nothing), but that is not the same as shitty. Does it really matter whether they have encryption a or b? If it is poorly implemented it is unsafe. So either you trust them to do a good job or you don't. Whether someone in marketing knows the name of your favorite encryption doesn't really change that. I'm pretty sure if you log into the Canadian account again there will be a list of past purchases. At least there is for apps Calling parent offensive is completely out of line. Selling is selling, no matter where the money is going, and parent brings up some interesting trivia about the Nobel. Just look how out of place it looks next to their mascot. I think it it's a great logo and a beautiful presentation, but it doesn't represent any of the art that I associate with Deviant Art. While that may be true, I still think parents ELI5 explanation of the problem with PPP in this scenario is very good. When we are looking at the largest economy in the world, we are looking at world wide numbers and as an American or European most of China is going to feel very cheap. Why exactly is a website more trustworthy with your javascript engine than your app? I think you should read the article before commenting. Wouldn't a curated list be much better? We can all type "python programming" on amazon and get a pretty similar list of books. It is not interesting. What is interesting is to know which book to read. What I don't get is why facebook would keep this data secret to the publishers. Isn't it in Facebooks best interest to show how many eyeballs they can send to publishers and start charging for increasing that number? And why aren't they selling meta data about this? What kind of demographics visit your articles? What kind of people share them (how do they overlap?) Sell CSV files or JSON with data about users who visit/shares your articles and makes those shares visible to you on facebook (public or the person has liked your page and made its posts visible to liked pages). Summarize and anonymize the discussions surrounding your articles that are not made visible to you on facebook. Actually a lot of this philosophy has laid the ground for a lot machine learning and language processing. What does it give me that I don't get from pocket? The iAccessories pictured looks really beautiful. Anyone know what brand it is? In his example you have several missing value indicator that each contain some sort of reason as to why it's missing. Collapsing that to NA would lose data, which is why the post argue against it. How is this different from computationally treating a missing value as 0? Would this completely mess up anything that does averaging? A respondent not giving her age, doesn't mean she's a new born. No, this is for verified certificates. You can audit (and get graded) for free anonymously. Since we all have anecdotal evidence about the merits and perils of any OS update, I find this video of another anecdote extremely counter productive to the discussion. Two systems, with different specs, different resolution and different apps running yielding different UI performance is really useless. If anyone have a spare mac and a few hours doing nothing, please re-do this experiment using fresh OSX installs on same hardware and then we actually have SOMETHING to talk about. >This has very little to do with Python 3. Which is the point of the article and P3's biggest problem: All the things surrounding it. The people behind Python seems desperate to push everybody to Python 3, mostly by telling people how much better Python 3 is than Python 2. But the thing is, that doesn't matter when the environment surrounding Python 3 is considerably worse than for Python 2. People are extremely defensive about the 24 frames, so I feel for you trying to take a stance. When I watched the Hobbit I thought to myself that some of the breathing movements in the CGI were amazingly fluent and they kind of reminded me of a computer game. And then I thought, what a loss to Hollywood, that beautiful fluent movements have come to be associated with computer games and not films. Wonder what the languages the author rather do DSP in than Python. > Word, but you can't layout a book or an article to the standards required by contemporary book/journal design. Of course you can. Plenty of books are done in Word and many papers and conferences release word templates for paper submissions. This is in no way a secret to learning anything. Almost nobody will be able to learn anything from such an intense workload of new things. Yes, some people can work hard and retain things throughout. Beethoven could remember an entire symphony from listening to it once, but that hardly translate to anything useful for normal music students. PG's argument is that there are only 10 great programmers, but 20 companies that need a great programmer, so no salary increase will solve this. Having only 10 companies work is a loss to society at large. His second argument is that if the US won't let in great programmers from around the world, some other place will, and the US will lose its tech lead. His 3rd argument is that imported programmers have higher than average costs. I fail to see any of these arguments reasonably answered in this article. It still exist and Borland has ridiculous small screenshots on their website http://www.borland.com/Products/Requirements-Management/Toge... What do you hope for that the Surface already doesn't do? I'd say that Corp Dev, shouldn't be looking at your company in the first place unless they have some confidence in you, and the break up fee you ask for sets the level of confidence you require for any kind of talks. How is it user hostile? I think it is very reasonable to say that common users of the Alphabet expects "Documents" and "documents" to be the same word. I think it is even safe to assume most readers consider "john" and "John" the same name, while "Jon" and "John" are not. I can't think of any situation where I have needed to have two differently capitalized files reside in the same folder, but I can remember dozen of times I've been annoyed by it. My point is, there are arguments to calling case-sensetivity for user hostile, but you don't present any to counter it. I've always thought case-sensitive variable names to be an odd thing. You allow your program to handle it and then tell the user to never ever use it. I've noticed that battery life changes dramatically on where you are. When I visited the US, I bought a local SIM card and my 4S died long before the day was over. The same in Japan. But in Denmark I have no problem lasting a day. if nothing else, the charger looks quite cool. https://waytools.com/store/showroom/info/nanocharger/tablet > That Apple logo on the front is nothing Apple would do. Lower left? nah. If you look at the actual apple computer standing next to the mock-up, you'll see the nothing-Apple-would-do-lower-left logo. According to his biography, Steve Jobs added a handle to the original iMacs, not because he wanted people to carry them around, but because it made it less threatening to people who aren't used to computers. So adding things is part of Apple's design history. Anyway, the rest of the slit is a speaker, so while it is obviously there as a throw-back (the whole design is a throwback) it does serve some purpose. I'm not even sure if I would consider this fraud (personally). I mean, if the initial outstanding orders were at risc of actually being bought and he had to deliver, then I think it is just fine that the market is naive enough to judge the worth of a company on some anonymous seller, rather than company performance and market-place condition of said company. What's next, you start moving stock prices through twitter bots? I think stock traders should be punished by the market place for acting on poor signals and acting like sheeps. If he could in fact not deliver the initial sales, then not only is it fraud, but it is a broken system that allows you to put up stuff for sale that you don't own. Why are Twitter and Farmville hard to replicate, while Uber and AirBnB are not? Pinker did a TED talk on this book. In the talk he makes a note that the book does not try to explain why, though he has some ideas as to why the numbers are declining. http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_pinker_on_the_myth_of_violen... That's not what the intrinsic value argument is about. The "good for something" (as intrinsic value was put here) is the question if something is still useful if its use as a placeholder for value collapses. If the price of rice collapses, I can still eat it. If the price of cars collapses I can still drive mine to work. If the price of web domains collapses, people can still use it to visit my web page. If the price of Bitcoin collapses to zero, you can still do what with your coin? No, if the price of domain names collapses tomorrow to zero dollars news.ycombinator.com would still point to this website. This is the intrinsic value. You are absolutely right! I watched the talk shortly after reading about the book and somehow got it confused with being part of the promotion tour. A rather sizable part of the article talk about why large deep network can solve problems that shallow networks can't. I won't say that the ML field got turned on its head by deep networks. I think people from the very start have wanted to try and make networks deeper, if only they'd known how. You have to pay taxes in US dollars if you are an American citizen. So the intrinsic value is not getting thrown into jail. But you are right, we mostly use USD because we trust that we can always find someone who will want it. All major fiat currencies have an army/police force backing them up. Not that long ago all major currencies were backed by gold or silver. Fiat is a very small, recent part of the history of currencies. Talking about rice makes perfect sense in explaining intrinsic value. If we look at major currencies that are not upheld by force we have gold and silver which have been staple currencies with intrinsic values throughout probably most of civilized history. Other societies uses cigarettes (jails) as currency, because even non-smokers know they can easily find someone to trade with, so cigarettes become a storage of value that is not upheld by any violent force. Funny, I remember Docs being realtime at the same time as Wave was around. The problem with Wave was nobody knew what it was. Google runs an internal version of Google+ for employees only. I dare say it is more active than the public version. > MySpace reached 50.6 million unique users in the U.S. in November. So that is actually a hell of a lot better than the headline leads you to believe. That's about 1/6th of the entire US population that - according to the article - checked in on Myspace last November. Yes, I also find that hard to believe. I hadn't thought about how devices can double count uniques. But this is still massive. I thought 50 million world wide was a lot when I saw the headline and got very surprised when I read it was referring to only the US People are losing money by simply having it. Even if you store it in a normal bank account that gives interest rates inflation will eat up the interest and then some. Disney generally spend a lot of effort on the translations. Idina Menzel, who voiced Elsa also plays the lead in the Broadway musical Wicked. Several translations of Frozen use an actress for Elsa who played the lead in a localized version of Wicked. In support of your stance, Danish Radio (Danish version of BBC, including TV, radio, internet etc.) have not only admitted to using fake detector vans, but even went so far as to by on the roof taxi ads displaying a message akin to "This is a detector van" Care to elaborate what is stupid about it? Parent talks about describing not explaining. Gravity is quite easy to describe and calculate. Why is there gravity and how does gravity pull are hard to explain, but it is easy to describe the degree of the pulling. > "Mario, exit the game." "Do you really want to exit the game?" So not impressed. This depends on how the response is generated. If it's a script, then of course there is nothing impressive about it, but if parts of the system can recognize importance in action and generate a sentence that asks for confirmation for important actions then it is a completely different ballgame. > On the speech front, there is now an automated telemarketing agent which is about as smart as most script-driven human telemarketers. Samantha west is human operated. Some dude is just playing back prerecordings that hopefully fit the conversation. It has absolutely nothing to do with AI. http://newsfeed.time.com/2013/12/17/robot-telemarketer-saman... Made me think of this one: http://conqueringthecommandline.com/book I tried one recently. The resolution was horrible, I could literally see the sub-pixels on the display. I disagree. Companies are at fault here. It's apple's job to test common use cases, such as sending emails through common 3rd party services. And it is googles job to send the files its users wish to send. There are multiple possible answers. The simplest being, that she was originally mistaken in her interpretation of her depression. It doesn't strike me like the author chose to be a man or stay a women like how the rest of us chooses between vanilla and chocolate ice-cream. It was a profound realization that where she was going in life would not make her happier, only more sad. Another explanation is that she identifies 50% male and 50% female and both are equally right or wrong for her. But she still needs to choose to be either or. I was expecting them to go a bit more into details about how many actually completed the course, if ways of taking the course had effect on completion and even to look at code check-in behavior after the course. Instead the only results where survey and they didn't even mention how many completed it. The following paragraph sums up ALL results in the paper: > Forty-six percent of post-class survey respondents are “plan ning to use machine learning as a result of this class,” and six percent report that they are already “using machine learning as a result of this class.” Of final survey respondents,62% report having machine learning conversations with others. I don't understand why mobilephones respect the no zoom thing. You are right, this is not a QA problem, but much more complex. I'd say it's a mix of people who don't equate the Facebook app with the Facebook content, who don't like Facebook as a company, but loves the content and who don't feel that their recommendation is necessary for spreading the app (that is, one can give it 1 star to punish FB for my app crashing, but I still recommend friends to download it) Has anyone bought their calculus course? is it worth it? Not at all. First of, these modern messaging/social/mobile-first messaging apps we see getting popular have a fundamentally different model than what most of us desktop-first are used to. They are not centred around an account, but around a device. If you delete your Line app, all messages are gone. Hell, even if you log into Line from a new device, messages on the old one will be deleted. A friend of mine recently lost her phone and she saw no other way than to create a new account. Another friend had Docomo help her in-store to transfer all her Line messages when she upgraded her phone. I don't use WhatsApp, but reading other post here, it seems that they use a similar model (but not as extreme). Your phone is your account, and all your stuff is stored only locally on your phone (or at least only accessible locally). This explains why the web-app works so poorly. Yes, WhatsApp got big by being on all devices, but they provide the software and the software model is a "one device per user"-model. This works great in a mobile-first (or should I say mobile-only) fashion. This is SMS on steroids, not messenger for your phone. can't this be tracked by referer links? I'm not saying the following is 100% water tight, but hopefully it can show how such seemingly different theories can reconcile: A society where child labour is almost as valuable as adult labour and you can have your 10 year olds help around the shop/farm/whatever as cheap labour. This is a poor society. Then you have a different type of society where educated people go to offices or handle expensive machinery at factories, and children can't help around supporting the household. The jobs they can perform add too little value to bother, and their time is better invested in education. This is a rich society. I think it is fair to say that fertility as a reaction to immediate changes in the economy of those two societies are different. Congratulations to the author and a succesful campaign. My favourite part of his post reminded me of a quote my marketing professor once told me "The most important thing in a marketing campaign is a great product" Had desk been a poor product, I doubt the Halo-effect would have happened. Google. With time, it will prioritize sites you tend to click. In business, number of units sold is not as important as number of units more sold. It's meh because it isn't increasing in sales, not because its sales are low. If they sold 20 million last quarter, but had an constant year-over-year increase in sales, it wouldn't be considered meh. I'm not sure I agree with this thinking either, but that's the explanation at least. What people seem to misunderstand about steveeg1 comment is that a lot of time at an attorney office is spend sifting through old cases. Since lawyers bill in hours they either have to raise their hourly bill or lie about the hours spend in order to keep the final price tag the same. > but I'd like to know how they detect a photo or video being sent the app could count photo and images send and supply that data through a different channel. > Why would a chat-service operated over the internet require a dedicated SIM of its own? It doesn't. This is a way to get flat-rate global pricing for texting. When you calculate the next pixel, do you use the updated value of the previous pixel or do you use the original? FB Mail wasn't as much email as it was email redirect. I could easily see them offering corporate email as part of the facebook@yourcompany, or whatever the corporate FB edition is called. Maps, storage and productivity are great ideas for FB to expand into. They have the users, and the infrastructure to handle massive amounts of data. I highly disagree with the last part. There are 2 reason to run as you mention: for health and for competition. Those running for health should be careful about emulating the routines of those running for competition. It's really neat. Would be cool if it had attachment support and stuff like that as well. The Danish version had the same angle. They where terrible at the sweatshop work, but wouldn't admit it. One of them ended up stealing food from the film crew. i have been getting the issues warning and a limited movie selection on and off for days now. That was horrible. Aside from the terrible pagination mentioned elsewhere, the site leaves out the all important infobox which includes the very import picture of the star wars logo. Mobile wikipedia looks quite nice on desktop and is much more out-of-your-way than this. compare: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_wars I wonder if there is some sort of revenue share program for 3rd party browser not unlike the deal between Mozilla and Google. This is the best reason I can come up with as to why all these vendors seem to bother maintaining their own forks. I am of the opposite conviction of the author. I hate it when content is the last part to be loaded. MS had a much bigger advantage on PC in this regard when they started out with search. What I never understood about the whole explorer thing was, why didn't they send out a version 2 after six or seven months? They are citing a case against Grokster as a source for the second quote. Moreover they are asking for the repository to be taken down due to DMCA infringement OR breach of terms of service. It's a command-line / programmatic interface for deploying FirefoxOS apps to your test environment. Before the easiest way to deploy an app was clicking a button in a piece of software called WebIDE, but now you can do that from the command-line, inside your test-case script or where ever you want it. But if anybody else wants "free" photo storage they have to pay. So saying that Apple is out of their mind charging money for something that everybody except me have to pay for is completely pointless argument, since it doesn't relate to anybody but the lucky once who got it for free. is this a research program, an online course or a startup or what is it? That's purchased music. You don't rent out stuff and let people keep it after they stop renting. > That seems better to me, than poisoning a whole standard just to get their way, or the highway. The open web has been losing a lot of traction to a closed competitor on iOS and Android. Businesses in China are on WeChat long before they are on the web. Giving up streamed music and video completely to apps would damage the world wide web immensely by shifting more user to over to closed app systems. The web would go the way of the newsgroup. Yeah, rounded corners. ouch. He is so screwed now. This article hit the front page a few days ago, I think you will find it very informative. https://medium.com/@warrenhenning/a-software-engineers-adven... in denmark you just put a clear plastic bag of batteries on top of your bin. You really don't accumulate enough batteries to justify a whole bin for each house. I remember reading this when it was posted back in July. I thought it was on HN I saw it, but searching for other posts linking to this article came up empty. Anyone know if there is a prior discussion? I was thinking the same. If just 5-10 rich guys ask their personal shopper for the best setup, "money not an object" and the shopper buys these cables, then it was worth it to set up the entire thing. I failed to understand what the radical new theory was, other than debunking the war-on-drugs story. Some of the food-price stories I've heard from Iceland are crazy. I had a friend who went to Iceland regularly back in the early 2000's and he once paid 60 usd for a regular pizza. There are lots of reasons not to eat McDonalds. The hamburger not rotting is not one of them. http://aht.seriouseats.com/archives/2010/11/the-burger-lab-r... Right now it isn't so useful, but once stuff like "put on that Wes Andersen movie where they ride on a train all the time" becomes useful, I see why voice might be preferred over a button, especially in China, where voice search already has a big share of all search. But I agree. I'd much rather have a dumb tv and upgrade my attached boxes. I always saw the name as "now google is also making the chrome, and not just the content of your browser" I get to choose box separate from screen. Means I can get a box with microphone if I trust the company, or one without if I dont. What I don't like is paying for smart tv features that don't work or don't trust just to get a screen. Maybe the company that makes great screens make untrustable smart tv features, and maybe the open source smart tv of the future sits in a crappy screen. More probably the smart tv features gets outdated before the screen. But what happened to netflix when apple said no plugins? They made it an app. The whole idea behind the no flash movement was to move services that relied on a plugin, away from the web and onto the app store. Apple wasn't fighting for free technology, they were pushing users onto Apple's own version of EME. Let's imagine all web browsers drop flash, silverlight, EME and all the other common technologies used for DRM. What do you think netflix will do on the desktop? Will they move to pure HTML video or will they start building desktop apps? I think the idea that investment in a child's education is more to the benefit of the general society than the benefit of the parent is a good point, but the author obstructs himself by saying that the state claims the child's future earnings. The state doesn't make particular claim to the child's future earning. It makes equal claims to the parent's earning. So either, this argumentation goes down a path about taxes vs. no-taxes, which should be irrelevant to the overall topic or the argument should stick with the claim that a productive members is useful to society in a broad sense, but doesn't directly pay back the cost of raising it to its parents and just leave it at that. > That answer isn't based in economics. of course it is. Economics is not about money, it is about wealth. And wealth is ill defined, because it can be all sorts of things (gold, food, a tropical island, lots of children) As long as humans have a desire for something, it can be analyzed with economics. Because as soon as we have a desire to get something, we must make a choice in order to get that. Opportunity cost measures everything we choose to get in terms of things we could have gotten otherwise and labels that as its price. I guess I'm out of the loop. What cool things can I do on tumblr? He also organizes internship and mentors hip programs, but don't let that get in your way. My point is, it is the same for the parent. Uncanny valley did not originate in the computer animation industry. It originated in robotics, and was coined by Masahiro Mori in 1970. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masahiro_Mori Obviously your sentences are parseable. Millions of humans around the world understand what you are saying. the usefulness of this didn't dawn on me until I read an interview with Andreg Ng where he talked about the huge amount of voice searches in China. Many adults can't type, so searching with voice is very convenient as opposed to drawing the characters. Many are down right illiterate or young children not old enough to read that much yet. At least in Japan and most parts of China, houses are poorly insulated and heating is often from aircon, which means if you want to stay warm, you wear thick clothes inside, sit under a heated blanket and what not. This sucks. Your nose and hands are still cold. If you want to move from the blanket its cold. I don't see anything that really addresses this. Yeah, the insulated chair is nice when you sit on it, but what about when you need to get a cup of coffee? Asking developers to user a developers version of Firefox is quite smart. Developers are technically adept enough to understand the difference between branded and non-branded Firefox and might even want all sorts of add-ons that help developments but otherwise are annoying to browsing. I hope Mozilla starts making it easier to have and run multiple Firefox browsers with different profiles at the same time. It is possible now, but cumbersome. What could a new standard do that usb can't? Next generation is reversible, there's little to no chance of touching a half plugged in plug and get shocked. It seems pretty good to me. How are things progressing with ggplot for python? I am quite jealous of the syntax You are way off. Standard charge for transcription (without timing) is 1 hour work for 15 minutes audio. You can try subtitling yourself and see how difficult your real-time idea is in practice. http://www.universalsubtitles.org/en/ $60 per hour audio is in the low end. http://www.transcriptionlive.com/pricing.html http://www.transcriptionwing.com/price.html http://www.transcriptionwave.com/pricing.html I agree on the security issue you bring up, but I also disagree. I don't see it as a step forward to add an extra port to my cellphone or tablet. Lamps and small kitchen appliances don't even read data. Coming from Denmark that basically sounds like "normal" heating to me (except we usually only heat through the floor or dedicated radiators) But I really like your idea about carpeting the walls. Might do that if I end up living here long term! Those are two completely different skill sets. one is knowledge of vulnerabilities and security, the other is about good web practices. There is no overlap in skill set here. They look good, but the amount of code is staggering! Are there any neat things I can do with the web site functionality? Or is it static HTML only? First of all, short and long sightedness are part of the world industry. Giving people a bad experience on an 8gb device can set you up for future resentment. Not all consumers understand what 8 or 16gb means and trust any iPhone to be good. Moreover Apple could easily double their smallest tier and still have the largest margins in the industry. Computer games. I haven't really played PC games since they where sold on CD's so installing steam and a few games from there recently was really shocking. Also there's a lot of duplicated stuff on the CD's. Thats because natural language is ambiguous. Even simple sentences like " I saw a man on the hill with a telescope" have multiple meanings. This isn't solved by magic, but pure statistics. Try and ask your friends who has the telescope in the previous sentence and some will say the man and some will say "I". Without context we can't tell, but we can judge which one is more likely given who had the item in previous sentences of similar structure (the prior). Then usually we also have some context. Now we can add context: "I got a telescope for my birthday and was eager to use it. The next day I saw a man on the hill with my telescope". Now most people would expect the speaker to be looking through the telescope, but the man might have stolen it and taken it to the hill. Even humans have to guess. deeplearning has hit the front page regularly for over a year now. Having the imgur URL will really blow up your karma on reddit. People there consider imgur to be fast and reliable in delivering pictures, and posts imgur are expected to be focused on images with perhaps short explanatory texts. Most blogs are focused on text with some images. Right click to view source goes way back. But you are right, hiring managers probably wouldn't do it. It should come with a set of tea spoons with insulated handles, then you could put instant coffee in your cup, stir and heat with the same object! Your cup would be insanely hot near the rim, so don't drink from it! While it is great using hyperlink to point readers to sources, it shouldn't become a substitution for actual words. "This, of course, raises the question, "Will the unbranded or the Developer builds be sufficiently similar to the Release versions out in the real world that developers can stand by their testing results?"" Yes. It's the same code with different logo. Reminds me of Moonwalking with Einstein. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moonwalking_With_Einstein So people keep writing "It's just field test mode", but what is that? It just display your signal strength as a number instead of bars. You exit by clicking 'home'. How exactly is that rendering anything useless? http://www.ubersignal.com/field-test-mode When you are spending other people's money on something that doesn't benefit them or their society it might as well be theft. It's a liberal jargon. Why did they use to force you onto Google instead of giving you the option? This is really cool. I hope it'll move forward! I'm also very excited about the IHaskel kernel mentioned, though it is very difficult to install currentlyb(I've failed on 2systems so far) To me it just sounded like they wanted waste from nearby farms / food production. It IS the cost of doing business in China, and the main reason why Google is left out. Facebook is left out of China in a mix between censorship and protectionism. Skype serves a completely different executable in China in order to circumvent their own encryption. Yeah, account management in Line is crazy. Log in on a different phone and EVERYTHING on the other phone gets deleted. For most people I know in Japan, loosing your phone means getting a new Line account. People at softbank/docomo/AU should be able to help you migrate, though they might only help you migrate if your new phone is on contract with them. I don't think you could argue there were better MP3 players. About watches, it depends on whether we are considering watches as jewelry (at which they don't suck at all) or as information delivery devices (at which they only deliver one type of information, which is typically readily available everywhere) My Nokia 3110 was great at making phone calls and quite good at SMS'ing, so in that sense they didn't need to be upgraded. In the same vain we can say that we don't need watches that are better at keeping time. But cellphones of the late 90's sucked at a lot of things that are nice to have in your packet, such as games, news and reading. So the question is, are there a lot of things other than time that are nice to have on your wrist? If yes, then the market fit Apple perfectly. I am still quite confused. There are tons of headlines about Apple going into the car business and the articles are less and less clear about whether they are pure speculation or if they are official statements or have reliable sources. I don't know I it's because I missed my morning coffee, but I can't tell if this article is speculation or not. I had similar arguments with my university. They couldn't figure out how to weigh my grades. All grades are weighted by the amount of credit a course is worth, but they added it up wrongly. A Fucking university! For those of us out of the loop: What is McGill? I think it is interesting how Apple might bring and entire industry into the general public. I mean, I knew you could get very, very expensive watches, but now this is suddenly that is brought in front of everybody. When browsing couchsurfing and AirBnB it seems to me it's mostly foreigners or companies renting/lending. If you are not using bag of words, then what features are you fitting your logistic regression with? What do we know today that we didn't know back then that makes these optimizations possible? I always wonder who is pocketing this money. In the simplest case you have two operators. You own (local) and the 'foreign'. In the simplest setup you would have a price structure that is foreign charge + local charge. What probably is inflating it is that both local and foreign operator charge a service charge, which is where the insane prices come into existence. So who are overcharging here? Both? My old company explicitly stated that international prices were foreign operator plus current charge, but the foreign operator prices were quite inflated compared to what friends in those countries were paying at the time. Yes. You can compile to .exe files. >The resulting binary still depends on CPython and used C >extension modules being installed. > If you want to be able to copy it to another machine, > use --standalone and copy the created program.dist directory > and execute the program.exe put inside. http://nuitka.net/doc/user-manual.html#use-case-1-program-co... As a Dane this is the first time I've heard "Denmark" and "tax efficient" in the same sentence. Denmark is notorious for high taxes. Right now there's a huge scandal about Danish companies that have moved to European tax havens. Why is data centre in quotes? Is it not a real data center? While the old recaptcha could run javascript to collect all sorts of data about typing and mousemovement, we expect it not to. This new one tries to make a behavioural profile of you and use that to determine you humanness. Maybe the old one did that too. Maybe every Google service does that. I dont know. The outrage is that now we know one is doing that. And on a personal note, yes. I do believe that Google ran recaptcha just for the free annotations of data. This is really cool and something I have been missing. It still gets little things wrong, but it is pretty good. Next step is to automatically extract these from PDF and integrate it into various citation management programs :) Isn't this the same algorithm the author of XKCD proposed for Amazon to use in ranking reviews and was later adopted by reddit for ranking comments? My google-fu is failing me on this one. Can't they remove it via a software update? I know they've removed add-one before. It still doesn't look white. it checks for plugin blocklist (as mentioned in the article) it probably also downloads a list of malware websites (called "reported attack site" and "reported webforgeries"in firefox) it is community developed. The rumors of thunderbird's death are exaggerated. https://blog.mozilla.org/thunderbird/2014/11/thunderbird-reo... Does that mean I can legally make digital copies of the infringing book? I think there are many cool features of English. My favourite is how you can change any noun into a verb. A stone, to stone someone. If the reader/listener has never encountered a novel transformation she will tend to not accept it, but it is within the bounds of the language to do it with any noun. XFCE is for people who like old GUI-design, so of course such users are going to get annoyed when modern GUI design starts to creep in. How anyone could consider the first screenshot of gedit prettier than the second is beyond me, but that is probably why I'm on OSX and not XFCE. It's really cool, but why are there hover over effect, and curser change when it is not clickable anywhere? Of course people shouldn't be rejected by their race. But according to the article, "all" asians have the same profile. If this is true, I can understand why some of the similar profiles are rejected in the name of diversity. Once an SAT score is sufficiently high, it makes sense to look at other things. I can see why a college would want 50/50 gender, and a wide spread of social backgrounds. If I was teaching a class and I had to choose between 2 students for the last seat, I might choose the one with the (insignificantly) lower score if that student seemed more fun to be around. I mean old in the time-line of GUI, not human history. The modern design trend is minimal widgets and minimal chrome, where as older design trend are heavier on buttons and chrome. Now you are being snarky. I've never understood why you have to re-upload if you rename a folder in many systems. I've had git reupload huge assets folders after renamaming them, and the same happens with dropbox. There are companies that will replace your iPhone casing with a gold casing. I bet the mark-up is huge and that the market is much bigger for watches than for phones. What did happen? I completely disagree with the authors hypothesis that Kinetic Typography helps the reader, but damn that is an impressive application. According to the video it automatically chunks Japanese text into words (which is nontrivial, since there are no spaces) and aligns both words and syllables with song. Singing sounds different than normal speech and all voice recognition I have seen uses speech as data, so it is also non-trivial to align. On top of that there's a (relatively) slick user interface. Bravo! Mozilla has winter of security, which is basically GSoC for security related projects. These thing can't be tested in big enough experiments, so often which idea gets popular boil down to which ideas have the simplest logic. The problem with extreme libertarianism is that it assumes completely rational players, who knows exactly what makes them happy. With such players, it is probably great. In reality, humans have rational and non-rational tendencies. We generally don't know what makes us happy. Our long-term desires are often corrupted by our short term desires, resulting in regret (often we let our short term desires get to us, even if we know we will regret it later). We suffer from confirmation bias, presentation bias, weak intuitive understanding of compounding numbers. On top of all that we are also emotional. How can you have a solution ready in 24 hours? Or even a thought through solution proposal? Some questions takes time. Can I edit the phonetic reading of my contacts name? I have a lot of Japanese friends and believe it or not, you cannot read how their names are pronounced from just reading the name. 井上 could be inoue or iue or ikami or a lot of different things. This is usually solved by adding a phonetic field to the names field, and while I can do it on my iPhone, I haven't figured out hot to do it on Google contacts, which I sync with. what is up with cmd+shift+3 and cmd+shift+4 being screenshot, while cmd+shift+1 and cmd+shift+2 don't do anything? This was up on reddit a week or two ago. They thought it was pretty "meh" If people don't want to learn it, it won't happen. With that being said, I found the introduction to regular expressions in Speech and Language Processing, by Daniel Jurafsky to be the only one where it clicked for me what was going on. Why do you find it unthinkable that Friendster might ban users for posting racy pictures? Of course he is painting in broad strokes in the interview, but MySpace's 'in' was that they started by attracting creative people, such as wannabe models, musicians and photographers. Why does the headline say "Bitcoin mining offer during install" when the posts in the forum talks about silent install of crapware? Really impressive sample. Takes advantage of the screen, instead of just mimicking print. I especially like the possibility of animation. This also opens up for some interesting peer-review structures. Like if you "publish" in a journal, a representative gets power to include bug-fixes and a set of formal peers are asked to submit actual fixes, along with everybody else who reads the article. My point was, why does the headline say "offer" when it is not offered but silently installed. Sorry for the poor articulation. Where is the harm in downloading music and movies of bit-torrent? Or installing a hacked Photoshop or Windows? Just because Christoph decided to sell his code for something that isn't money, doesn't mean you can use it without paying. In the case of GPL, you pay with the source code you add to the software. mirror? this was removed from stackoverflow Which one can't program? Suit or hoodie? I often wear a suit or dress shirt and people don't assume I'm clueless to know about IT. How does the censorship barrier block art and science from getting OUT of China? The examples section is quite confusing. It says "These are input and output images..." and then display 3 images labeled as "Original image". I'm assuming original image means that it is input. But what is the output? There's quite an interesting story surrounding this documentary. Apparently it was initially pushed by state news outlets and the minister of environment and within days garnered over 100 million views in China. Then later it was reconsidered, and the video removed and articles about it started getting censored. A 70 minute video in Chinese does not count as an argument. It is way too long to be expected to be viewed even if it was in English. Well, day+night is 24hours, so I'm not really sure if you think they defined it as longer or shorter. I think there are plenty of iOS users that can appreciate week long battery, always on clock face and visibility in strong sun light. I doubt that sales numbers will be close, but I think there is plenty of room for pebble. Didn't the euro depreciate lately? And since the Danish krone is pegged to the euro, maybe it's just an exchange rate adjustment? Maybe he ran out of things to say. Some artist die before their time, others sadly won't shut up and end up ruining their own art. Anyway, as far as I am to understand he couldn't see himself escaping the shadow of C&H, so he secluded himself and put his art in the attic, feeling that its release wouldn't better the world as long as people would just respond to it as "this isn't C&H" This is not reddit. The intro is not even close. These are two very different songs with very different baselines. No, they rely on in-house solutions. This is the second link to this video. It is completely irrelevant to HN. This is not reddit. You can always make a throwaway account. Why do you feel the need to comment anonymously on this? Maybe it was an oversight on my part reading the article, but what has Al Lowe been doing for the past 15 years where he didn't make games? I used to subscribe to planet Mozilla. I remember blog posts talking about user convertion of paid advertisement on Google and they concluded it was a good deal. Other blog posts have discussed lawsuits in Germany against Firefox impersonators. It is not a new policy. When reading planet Mozilla I rarely notice who writes what and it's been a long time since I subscribed anyway, so I can't get you source, but those are my 5 cents for what it is worth. "Some guy who is wrong is threatening to beat me up unless I hit you or you change your tweet" It's not like the employer said "you wrote an unfriendly tweet now you are fired!" The bank was threatening the employer with legal action unless action was taken. Only if you need those modules outside of your k-means Windows 8 runs really well on older hardware. My friend used it to revive a lot of old laptops. If people believe in a bonding effect, wouldn't weaker relationships be more prone to children? Stuff like signal processing is horrible if you try and use degrees. I'm not even sure if calculating the area of a circle is in anyway better using degrees. When I first tried this course a few month ago, the little helpers (think clippy) were driving me nuts! Half way through writing a line of code they would pop up and tell me that my code couldn't execute, maybe I should add a semi colon. It's really distracting and of course code can't execute when you are in the middle of typing an if-statement. It is not helpful at all. On top of that there's no "submit" button (because it is supposed to test continuously) so sometimes when I was done it wouldn't test the code and made it impossible to get a "completion" on parts. Related to this: in Japan the school children have to clean the class room and hallways. It's an integrated part of going to school and I think it is brilliant on so many levels. Best case, it saves money on staff, teaches children how to clean and how to be respectful of their environment. Obviously there are some potential for cruelty, like if you know it's Hashimoto's turn to clean today and you think he's a wimp, you can save some dirt somewhere for him to deal with. I don't think this is a problem in Japan, and regardless, let's be honest: kids are real assholes sometimes regardless of what you do. In my experience it is better at "general" things. Search for a company and there will be a box describing what the company is, a specially marked box for the official homepage and a wikipedia article is often highly ranked. However, once you start querying very specific things, it tends to fall apart. Just today I wanted to see if the a particular company utilizes any Machine Learning and searched for company-name machine learning. No top hit contained all three keywords or anything related to AI. On Google the top hit was a company research institute and contained all 3 keywords. fn+delete deletes forwards. > "We need everything we can get to protect the commodity of intellectual property." Protection from what? It sounds to me that this verdict will not protect musicians and songwriters, but put them in danger of litigations. Do you need a static ip for that kind of stuff? I think it is a problem when 2 characters that are written differently share the same code point. Having 大 be the same code point for Chinese, Japanese and Korean is to me as obvious as having the same A for English and Italian. We agree on this point. But some of the unified characters listed on Wikipedia ought to have different code points because they are no longer written the same across languages. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Han_unification#Examples_of_la... This is like having a and α share the same code point. Come on, they didn't need the explorer program to tell them battery life was too short. Even tests in the lab ought to show that. That's quite funny. I read the headline and thought "OMG, nobody at HN needs to hear that message, comeon!" In print you do a lot of hand kerning, including magazine articles as well as ads. And print designers do have access to high-quality fonts. I couldn't select the search box so it was impossible to do a search. Instead I clicked "Web developer" and chose a random hostel, which offered me "reception work on my vacation". That seems kind of odd Don't CD's say the same thing? I think it depends on local copyright laws, but I think in most places you buy a license to play music publicly and with that license you are allowed to play any music legally acquired. OSX Yosemite, Firefox latest beta. Similar problem on latest Ubuntu running the latest stable release of Firefox. Adblock+ installed on both. I have a pet-peeve about articles that tries to paint a bad thing even worse. This is bad enough as is. You do not need to exaggerate and call fences cages. The Paris world fair is also a bit of a (dark) gray area. If you read the wikipedia article, it seems less clear that these are people who are kidnapped into a zoo and more like people hired to enact a stereotypic view of their culture. Moreover, the 1931 exhibit was setup to show cultural diversity and compassion towards the colonies. It was obviously a marketing stunt, attempting to legitimize an illicit sovereignty, but it is not unfair to expect those participants to be treated better and not die within the year. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris_Colonial_Exposition The article also focuses heavily on white peoples explotation, but again wikipedia points to the oldest known human zoo from the 1500's in Mexico. Interesting stuff. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_zoo Here's a direct link to the tutorial: https://www.dataquest.io/mission/24 I don't understand why it is in an iframe. People use less power at night. This is why electricity is often discounted at night time. When you get Matlab you are not just buying the language, you are also buying a lot of very advanced plugins and the IDE. If not for the plugins and IDE why would you use Matlab instead of Octave? I don't know if this is true for the other languages you mention, since I have no experience with them. Doesn't google pre-download all images before hand and serve the user a cached copy? I thought that was an odd comparison too. Given it's price and size, shouldn't it be compared with the MacBook pro? I have been looking for better text editing when using iPython/juPyter notebooks. This looks like a really cool solution! You want to look for something called self-organizing-maps or SOM It's better than good, it's good enough. I've quite enjoyed reading your paper since it was uploaded to arxiv in December and I have been toying with redoing the MNIST part of your experiment on various classifiers. (I'm particularly interested to see if images generated against an SVM can fool a nearest neighbor or something like that.) But I'm having problems generating images: A top SVM classifier on MNIST has a very stable confidence distribution against noisy images. If I generate 1000 random images, only 1 or 2 of them will have confidences that are different from the median confidence distribution. That is, all the images are classified with the same confidence as class 1. They also share the same confidence for class 2, etc. So it is very difficult to make changes that affect the output of the classifier. Any tips on how to get started with generating the images? My impression when looking at HN is that people are not that impressed with Atom. Nobody I know in the real world uses atom, but I'm a poor data point. The reason why everybody is up in arms about every minor update is that a lot of people see every little peep from the dev as (hopeful) proof that the project isn't dead. That is really interesting. Can someone knowledgeable about the shell expand on this? I don't dare test it on my machine. I just looked more deeply into the update cycle of Sublime and apparently the dev channel has weekly updates. I guess that they haven't been good at communicating that they are not in hiatus! > what if that div only exists for the purposes of the grid layout? Those things aren't supposed to exist. HTML is supposed to look like: ... ... We never got enough power in CSS to actually do that, and current frameworks are a return to the table based layout of the 90s where structure of the layout (not structure of the content) is stored in the HTML. If semantic in terms of HTML is ever thrown around meaning anything but description of the content, it is used wrong. The question about "semantic for what purpose" is moot when talking about HTML. It is semantic towards what information the content conveys. "Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages rather than merely to define its presentation or look." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_HTML The question of whether that is feasible to do with current technology is completely different, but it is too late to try and redefine semantic HTML. This sounds interesting, but I definitely need a tutorial for step 2. 3mb for one minute? My MP3's are about 1mb per minute, so let's say there are 2 sound streams and then we are at 2mb per minute (but we are not. We pretty much only send data when someone is talking). Why is the LTE voice data so bulky? It needs lower fidelity than my music, and it ought to be compressed in a more efficient format than MP3. What gives? That's really cool and must have been a lot of work collecting and testing code. Can you talk a little bit about the intended business model, which apparently did pan out? > You need to have divs in your html to achieve certain layouts. I'm not saying that semantic HTML is working today. But just because it isn't working doesn't mean we should start calling what is working for semantic HTML. As if the fax machine didn't have a huge impact. Can any of you get it to work? I spend forever trying to get the open source version working on Linux and gave up at tried this version on OS X. I hope it will become part of the juPyter package in the long run. I'm confused. Is the original paper starting at page 3 from 2012 or 2015? The prelude is definitely from this year, but it is unclear when the rest of the paper is from. you are thinking of SpaCy. https://honnibal.github.io/spaCy/ I thought the examples were very cherry picked. Super Mario has been running as a very popular cartoon for many years. The Zelda comics were highly regarded by many fans. Pokemon has spawned endless cartoons, movies and comics. When I think of Anime, I don't think of think of the critically acclaimed stuff like Samurai Champloo or Space Cowboy. I think of the endless episodes of Naruto, Pokemon, Conan, One Piece. So in order to start breaking Zendo, you need to break AES-256 and SHA-256? any books that focus on feature extraction? I'm pretty sure that Bishop's book isn't legally freely available. It's not listed as free on neither the publisher or Bishops homepage. http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/cmbishop/PRML/... http://www.springer.com/gp/book/9780387310732 But he collected the money to pay for dev cost from the initial 156$ investment. It's not disingenuous at all. Congratulation with the launch and thanks for sharing the details. I think it was very impressive and show that you are very skilled at starting things. I don't know how you manage to keep 100's of products alive at once, but as an end-consumer I would worry about the long-term viability when the owner of the product I'm investing in and planning to rely on is run by a guy who say he is more interested in starting companies than running them - which is exactly what your about-page sounds like. nit-pick: front page of sports tracker spells built with two i's ;) Would rust be much faster than Julia for these kinds of things? And are compile languages even suited for notebook style programming? I like how unpretentious the example is. Your site really says you don't need to be a master designer to tighten up your stuff, make it easier to decipher and get a better result. It also says that design is a part of everything. Both suffers from poor line breaks * adult class * no martial arts * experience necessary * call to reserve These things need to come with example inputs. I kinda wanna see what it can do, but not enough to make up stuff to fill out all those forms. I think the required noise / subspaces are unlikely to be met in real world scenarios. That is, you won't take a picture of a spider where the sun just happens to shine in the right way and your lens is in just the right angle to make an image recognized as a giraf. It may become an attack vector, but one the is very difficult to fit to the classifier you are targeting (your car may be using online learning, so there is a chance that an image generated on one self driving car won't work on another of the same model) then you have to show this carefully generated image to the car, but if you show it to the camera, it will already be distorted beyond its fooling capability. due to angle, lighting, lenses etc. I tried replicated Nguyen et. al's experiment on MNIST. I decided to do it using different classifiers and that "state of the art" was less than 5 percent 0-1 error on testing set. I ended up with a ~98% accurate Gaussian kernel SVM classifier and my generated images all looked like numbers. I also got ~96% using KNN, but haven't figured out how I would measure confidence in such a classifier (average distance?) Any ideas? Please link to the actual place on the page you are referring to. The discussion spans 14 years. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=77790#c188 How hard is it to draw a bar graph? I'd imagine it is easier than creating an ASCII table and then turning that into an image, but I've never experimented with the latter.